I thought it was going to be a "deep" post where "airtime" was going to be the actual air between you, with it ending "just meet in person, you fuck".

But no, it's real. 
Busca info sobre la asociación Francisco Franco en España y cómo recibe apoyo y subvenciones oficiales del gobierno central del país.

Él no sigue vivo, pero sus fans no se esconden. 
Just wanted to let you know.

I've also added the Warden class and all skills should be available with the Summerset update.
Sounds good until the dps run first throwin caltrops or the room is huge with monsters definitely not in a ball waiting to be AoE'd.

I'll keep using taunt until they fix those issues.
When I tank I taunt every living thing in the room unless the boss won't let me. I'll use chains and the Swarm Mother monster set to keep them all on top of me too, to let the damage dealers focus on dealing damage and not on chasing the mice.

I do not *feel* responsible for doing all that (taunting the biggest threats is *enough*), but if things die faster everything is easier. 
FB messenger is the one that personally offends me. Why the fuck would you add someone you don't know to Facebook? And if you don't, how useless is it to message new acquaintances or people you just need to send a message or two?

But ignoring that, nobody ever at all absolutely uses SMS. It costs money, others don't.

I'm not going to go around to my friends and ask them to please stop sending me free messages with no length limit and start using the paid service from last millenium that won't work without a phone signal. 
Nah, man. I'm trying to make him see that the same stupid argument he's using (everyone uses it, we won't change) can be used with Whatsapp almost anywhere else in the world.

SMS is objectively bad. iMessage is platform exclusive. Anything else is preferable and the rest of the world is already on it.

And now again "but everyone has SMS, why change?". 
Who do you talk to the other person once you get there?

Hint: Send a message. Through Whatsapp. Everyone's got Whatsapp. You can add their phone number and go to the contacts list, if he's there you can send him a message. If not, just SMS like they did in the past. 
I'm not giving my Facebook account to a stranger to complete an online purchase.

The situation with Whatsapp is exactly what you're describing with Facebook (which is also big here, it's just a giant gaping hole in your privacy). If I can choose between a free service (WhatsApp) and another one that might cost the other party money (SMS), why should I act as a retard and send an SMS? 
Why Facebook Messenger? Does it have any advantage over sending your lifetime holiday picture albums to someone with your phone number attached? 
Telegram doesn't need your phone to be on to keep using it. Just use the web interface and keep messaging whoever you want.
> If you live in Europe, a lot of people have low end Android phones so WhatsApp or Viber is used.

Yeah, since Europe is poor we can only afford sub 100€ phones. That's why Samsung flagships flop every year here.
You don't need to convince anyone to use Whatsapp. Everyone's using it. Some TV and radio shows don't accept SMS anymore, they will ask you to message them through whatsapp.
Why are you using a third party website right now to voice your opinion? Just email your friends.
That is a weird spelling of the Game of Thrones' Lannister song: [The rains of Castamere](https://youtu.be/ECewrAld3zw)
I had to Google "enby". You guys are weird, making words out of acronyms like that. English is confusing ;P
The problem is that it is not "this type of cheese". Manchego is made with milk from *manchega* sheep.

Mexican "manchego" took the name for their *cow* milk cheese.

It is not the same product. 
Because it is natural unless you're a midget. 
Wouldn't they kill the baby if they took him home? 
But you're not right at all. The offender was blacklisting good workers for personal reasons. Then he didn't get the job because he was a bad worker.

There is no similarity at all. 
They are not banning hotels, hostals or any tourist oriented stuff. They are just trying to make it affordable to live there for the natives. 
Wow, you would get a country full of people going bankrupt because of stuff that's paid for with taxes in other countries.

Can you imagine losing everything because you got hospitalized? 
Did you really expect anyone to understand *that*? 😅
Oh, right. "I can't enjoy this because there is no people of my skin color on it". Complete opposite of what I said, my bad. 
Long car trip: 6 hours or more.  
Travel to work: I'm currently driving 30 mins to work every week day and it's too much. I'm probably going to move closer to get it down to about 10 minutes.  
Good restaurant: maybe a couple hours? I don't usually go to restaurants, so it wouldn't bother me to drive for a while in a special occasion. 
How fucking racist do you have to be to only want to see people of your own skin color? 
It's all a ruse, as soon as the crown is officially in Catalonia they will declare the republic.

At least for a few seconds. 
*Culés* 😅
Fuck religion, humans are more important. 
I saw both of them when I was a child, so they are both about trauma for me. 
"Nigga" is that funny word those stereotypical black guys use in Hollywood movies. No one uses nigger.

We use "negro", which means "black". Calling anyone african-spaniard would be stupid 😅
Yeah, I get you. Android defaults to privacy though. I think you can let it show notification content when locked but I'm not crazy and I haven't touched those settings. 
It's only visible when you get up and stay hovering the table to let faceid work. Also, Android was bad because you had to touch it, but now there is the fingerprint reader as a requirement if you want privacy. 

This is too funny. 
I have seen both, but outdoors usually only outside of cities. Mine is currently sleeping next to my bed. 
My plan includes unlimited SMS. I maybe send one every few years, because a service needs an SMS or something? I don't know, it's archaic and it should die. 
Wait, *anyone* can see your private conversations if you happen to leave your phone on a table?
"Cajones" means drawers, but it's commonly used as if it meant "testicles". Does that count?

There is also "machismo", that apparently means "very masculine" in English while it means something like "meninism" in Spanish.

Now seriously, "constipado" meaning that you have the flu and "embarazada" meaning "pregnant" are probably the most common. 
No one gets what you say because that's how it works on Android too. We get a pop up notification and after a few seconds it hides in the notification bar.

https://youtu.be/S2FZikCqt84?t=58
I see you have never uploaded a bunch of pictures to a social network. Such a rare use case. No one does that.
> Yep, definitely. Android has the opposite side of the problem, which is that battery life isn't as good because it's too liberal in its allowances for background processes. 

Check the Oreo [changes](https://developer.android.com/about/versions/oreo/background.html). It's now harder to have your app running in the background.
Shhh... don't break his circlejerk.
Wouldn't that mean that you would not be able to dismiss notifications from your Mac that you want to check on your phone later?
"Resume el machismo en el deporte".

Mientras, en el video el jugador (hombre!) se esfuerza por que la niña (mujer) reciba el regalo a pesar de que sus hermanos mayores sean unos capullos.

Cerdo machista. 
This does not surprise me. 
The title of your first link:

>Slurs force comic to pay $15,000 for ‘tirade of ugly words' against lesbian patron after appeal falls flat

He wasn't doing a sketch or a bit, he was insulting a patron that paid to be there, in front of everyone else. He had the right to say all of that, just as much as she had the right to not be insulted for her sexual orientation.

You also have the right to own a gun. That doesn't mean you can shoot someone in the face and expect immunity. 
Snoring at full volume. Good night :) 
People who are still learning the language will be thankful of proper grammar.

That, and idiots who still can't correctly use their own language are savages who should not be allowed on the internet. 
From launch day to maybe 3 or 4 days later, with a friend also playing on the same room and both of us with printed maps so we didn't miss any dungeon or book. 
Spaniards would probably use "Spanish", since we only use one word for both the language and the nationality. 
The dps can do more damage if they can focus a single spot where the tank is pulling every enemy. 
>Android initially based its notifications off of iOS

In what way? Android has had notifications since 1.0 (2008), but the Notification Center didn't exist until iOS 5 (by then, Android was on API level 14,Ice Cream Sandwich).

Unless Google owns a time machine and is retroactively copying apple with it, I'm afraid you're just full of shit. 
It is definitely not leftovers.

Source: I'm not an idiot. 
I've been using Android since the ADP1. I'm used to having high resolution screens as big as possible and the fact that I can spend an afternoon coding and send the app to my friends via Telegram makes it impossible for me to even consider an iPhone.

Right now I'm using a Galaxy Note 8, because I wanted the best that money could buy (and the Pixel 2 XL wasn't available in Spain yet). 
My Mac at work restarts sometimes during the night to tell me that {insert random program here} didn't let it update. I'll lose all programs I left open for the next day *and* it fails to upgrade.

Give me Windows any day. 
Right, because CEO is a position that only exists in the US. It's not my fault you're so incredibly stupid you believe that being multilingual is a fucking bad thing. 
Good, how rich are the dermatologists in the US? Are they always treating your thin skin or do you need rests between sessions? 
Yep, get your dirty frozen water out of my drink, it's taking its space. 
English as a third language person here. The rest of the world exists.

/r/shitamericanssay
Fuck off, if you cared about unborn children you'd push for good sex ed instead of the abstinence bullshit and you'd fund those clinics that help women instead of insulting every woman that goes inside because they might be having a life saving abortion. Because sometimes the mother is at risk of **death** but in your eyes it is all the same. 
Or visit Catalonia, it's still in Spain but we're the ones that this asshole hates :) 
Hating on Catalonia is more important than being a decent person. There is nothing else. They will say that we catalans have a persecution complex, but that's bullshit. There is hate flowing non-stop towards us from a substantial part of the rest of Spain.

By the way, they won't care if I'm not a separatist, I'm still the same scum because I was born in the wrong piece of land. 
Third person is how the game is meant to be played. First person was added later in development because people wanted it to be like Skyrim.

As soon as you try to do anything not brutally easy you'll be fucked in first person, there is just too much happening during combat and you can't afford to ignore everything not directly in front of you.

Also, look at the ground. Red areas = move.
Oh, right, I didn't get you.

You should be able to download them from here: https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.android.support/appcompat-v7/27.1.1
You should only need to change the version number in your gradle.build file, as long as you're using Google's "google()" repository.
Vamos, que como antes eran ejecutados ahora ya no pueden quejarse, ya que sólo se les priva de su libertad.

Que la ley contemple perfectamente el motivo para meterles presos no significa que no sean presos políticos. Lo que me extraña es que alguien pudiera esperar algo diferente a la prisión para las caras visibles del movimiento independentista.

En cualquier caso, señor Sacristán: /r/gatekeeping
"No hable español" is an order: "do not speak Spanish". 
"No hablo español" means "I don't speak Spanish". 
Android automatically changes a TextView to RTL if it detects a RTL language on it.
For the same reason that Templars, nightblades and wardens do.

Hint: All class skills are Magicka based, not just DK or sorcerers. 
How does dual wield have better survivability than brawler+rally? 
Reddit's host does not allow downloading videos. It's shit. 
Sure, they could buy the *other* fullscreen iPhone X.

When it gets removed everyone will be thanking Apple.
Isn't every new iPhone the best selling iPhone ever?
El PP no ha ganado en Cataluña en las últimas elecciones generales para el gobierno de España, pero ahí están, gobernando.

¿Te parece democrático que un resultado se aplique al territorio que ha votado en contra, en este caso?
>Which means if the Facebook app supported android 4.0, which it did, until the cutoff day, facebooks app could collect this data from any android phone with the app installed.

This is completely wrong. And you don't know anything about Android either. 
I see you don't know how Android works.

Minsdk is not the target version. Facebook targets a modern api version and has granular permissions if you run Android 5 or newer.

https://i.imgur.com/uQZsvb6.jpg
That's nice, thank you! Just yesterday I got the skill point from wayrest sewers 2 on the same character that has completed all veteran trials 😅
I sometimes do that to compare item sets and changed skills and nothing happened. It's on the same machine, though. 
Some bosses will leave their loot in a chest, you might be missing that.

I hope you completed the quests too, since each one gives a skill point. 
No scientific advances until people aren't poor. Got it.

Anything else that we should not research until then? No more new medicine until cancer is cured once and for all? 
Obviously not. 
Apple could invent an email alternative that only works on Apple devices and you'd still fall for it. 
Non simplified English too, soon. 
They are all dead, he's just a very good puppeteer. 
Wasn't Japan trying to surrender, with the US denying it until just after the bombings? 
Dentro de poco nos dirán que Rajoy hizo 38 bajo par la primera vez que jugó a golf.


¡Viva nuestro eterno emperador! 
Well, wouldn't fixing them yourself be the libertarian thing to do? 
I have never seen Wisconsin cheese in a store. It is not everyday cheese at all. 
What I understood is not that the technique or form takes a toll on his body, but the act of breaking his limits higher and higher. Once a limit is broken he can get that high without having to break the limits again.

Every time he has gone UI he's been a bit stronger, too. 
> The good thing is that this conflict is creating a sense of unity and brotherhood in all of Spain.

Yep. In hating all of us (not independentists in general).

Guess what? Hate fuels hate.
Why does it insist on calling her by her real surname when she's mostly known by her nickname or her name? That looks like an intimidating tactic (I know your full name, I know who you are).

100% cringe, 10/10, will gag again. 
> The Amazon Echo is nearly ubiquitous at this point, and almost everyone and their brother has a Google Home (at least a mini) thanks to the drastic price cuts at around Christmas time.

Maybe in the US, but not in most of the world. This is not going to be sold outside of Europe either, so it's probably targeting those future Google Home buyers who might want a screen on it.
It literally means "Saint Francis". That's it. 
You live in a bubble called USA. Most do not *want* an iPhone. The top seller phones cost as much or more as the iPhones. 
But then you look at real world performance and it's a completely different story. 
I don't hide the phone while I'm not using it. When I'm working or at my home computer it will be charging on an upright wireless charger and I only need to glance at it to see if there are any notifications (plus date and time, I somehow always forget the damn day I live in).

It is nice to have. 
> We've launched Flicks, a unit of time, slightly larger than a nanosecond that exactly subdivides media frame rates and sampling frequencies

It's for Virtual Reality, I think.
Yeah, because anxiety and depression are the epitome of crazyness and those who suffer from them must be eradicated from the gene pool.

People who suffer from peer pressure like yours will avoid getting treatment because they will not want to be labeled as crazy. You are part of the problem. 
En mi pueblo los chistes hacen gracia. Decir una tontería y llamarlo chiste no suele funcionar. 
¿Es que acaso crees que el 100% de los catalanes son independentistas?
¿O es que no consideras posible que haya catalanes que puedan ser republicanos, sean o no independentistas? 
Better = bigger.

Materials don't matter, only how many guns you can fit inside. 
He has chosen to support the land he was born in. Telling him that he cannot choose who to support because of something else in his life about a different country altogether is weird. 
And people in the US wonder why there is such a mental health problem over there. Maybe it's the huge stigma that it still carries making people avoid it at all costs.

And BTW, they BOTH were in a psychiatrist office. 
Now I have "don't stop believing" in my head. 
Más mierda de okdiario, más mierda de elnumantino.

Pues muy bien. 
Sometimes people refer to better known similar things. We call those "examples" . 
> it's not exactly coherent

TL;DR of Trump's presidency.
Posting a wall of text meme is usually a full mockery of the content of the text. No one posting the Navy Seal copypaste is doing so because they believe they are Navy Seals.
>Entonces un día no sé qué tía trajo maria al psiquiatrico (no sé como, si eso huele que te cagas, y al entrar casi siempre nos revisan quitándonos la ropa y todo)

>así que entré a mi cuarto el cual compartía con una que esnifaba coca cada día

Puede que ella tenga una ligera idea. 
That works because you only had to wait. 
He was forced to act as a bad guy and the actor got tons of hate for it. 
Where, exactly? 
Damn right
Supongo que prefiere ir a países modernos con leyes sensatas y gobiernos que funcionan. 
Yeah, tell someone to call. At most they will say no, but if there is a real fear for her live you should at least try. 
> Because they're cheaper phones in general? Yes.

Right. That's probably it. It's not that the phone in my hand works much better than the iPhones I see all day at work. I must be poor, that is why I bought the Note 8 instead of a refurbished iPhone 6.

Stop thinking that anyone who buys Android just can't afford an iPhone. That's just plain wrong. The top phones in our apps are always Galaxy S series phones. *Many* people do buy as cheap as possible (where iOS just cannot compete), but *most* people buy flagships and mid tier phones (= "last year" iPhone).
> you can compare that to how shit and slow every Samsung phone was before this generation's

I see you love the OnePlus, maybe because it's as fast as the iPhone X at half the price? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1besnW-Oww

That's not because of the hardware. The iPhone has the best SOC in the market. The difference is how shit iOS is.

> At least my iPhone 5 is still snappy and usable.

I don't believe you. The iPhone 5 we've got at work runs like shit, even comparing it to a crappy Samsung Galaxy Express. Meanwhile, the Galaxy S5 is still running our apps at 60fps. Not bad for a bloated, slowed down phone.

PS: Android allows you to disable default apps you don't want. We don't need to hide them in folders.
I'm republican. I don't hate *them* at all, I just wish the Crown didn't exist anymore. 
Can you imagine how this would work for an app developer that suddenly has to refund 100% of his app's lifetime earnings 6 years after? Why would anyone publish any app at all? 
You are delusional. A few years ago benchmarks meant nothing and now it's the sure sign of the best phone in the world.

Apple's software lately is so bad that it crashes the whole system with a single character, or you login as admin with no password. They will fix it "fast", yeah. But they are so useless that they will reintroduce the bug with the next patch ;)

How was iOS 11 on release? Fast? Stable? Refined?

It was shit. 
That is why Android has the majority of the global market share. Because no one cares. 
Could you tell me at least one of those apps that won't work on my Note? Just for curiosity. Since only a very, very limited list of apps will even work on it you won't have trouble, I guess. 
Now do the same with a video playing. 
Nevermind, I think I already found your account. Try logging in with the password you want and it should save it :)
Send me your account name in a pm. 
Look at his comment history, he's spamming any subreddit mildly phone related with his referral link.
I'm completely used to the Note 8 fingerprint scanner and I still would have preferred to have it where the LG G5 did. It's a pretty minor thing.
I vote for your last option.

This was added a while ago, when they removed the speed penalty while unsheathed I think. 
That's how it works, it's harder to turn around when sprinting. 
Missing constraint, I shat in front of the toilet. 
How is it working for udemy? Is the pay good?
If anything could be in caps it was in caps. You could say that "I AM SCREAMING" is not all caps because the spaces are not capital letters, but you would be wrong. 
Just use a notepad, then scan and OCR the code. It works for me. 
> Touch ID support for Banks I dont find much difference

My bank uses the fingerprint reader to login... is that not common?  
I'm happily surprised.
La chica simpática: "you see those girls? It's the nice one, unlike the rest."

Usually when you say "el/la chico/a xxxx" it's because there is a number of them and you're trying to specify which one you mean.

I'm not a linguist or anything, someone else can probably explain it much better. 
Have you been to a smaller city or town on Sunday? Good luck finding any shop open. 
I'm European. Most businesses are closed here on Sunday. 
He loves you so much he doesn't care about how, but if you're in danger he's going to help. Dogs rule. 
"kys" == Kill YourSelf. It's a bit harsher than "it sucks".
You can't find it because it hasn't happened yet. You'll see it soon, don't worry. 
All my last random groups in this dungeon had the tank tanking right below the statue. **All of them**.

Why? Don't they see that it's the danger zone of the room? 
A choose your own adventure as Reek trying to escape from Ramsay, with over 500 ways to die and no good ending. 
Let's forget about your world record cop killings.

>>I am free to not die or go bankrupt because I broke a bone.

>No, you'll die on a waiting list, bankrupt from taxes.

I have only had to go once to a hospital as a patient, with a very strong flu during the avian flu scare. I didn't even sit in a waiting room, they moved me to a room for myself, ran some tests while they gave me some meds and as soon as I recovered from the >40º fever I could go home. No paperwork, no paying, no nothing.  
When I have gone with a friend because they needed non emergency treatment (like a torn ligament in the ankle) it has been slower, but I think that 30 minutes of waiting at 4AM (when there is the lowest amount of staff) is not worthy of "you will die waiting".

If you meant "waiting for surgery", yeah, that's slower. I have heard of people waiting for days for an important surgery or months for something not so important, but there's always the option of going private to make it much faster. Capitalism works! You can even get health insurance to always use private clinics! (Mind blowing)

> Why do you need to go to a private clinic if your government healthcare is so great?

It is my right as a citizen. We've got the right of "health" (I really don't know how to translate this). Access to free health care (which is funded by taxes) is protected by our constitution. I don't think we've got a protected right to bear arms, like you (even though anyone could go, get the license and buy one), but we've got a *different* set of rights.

I don't know if you have ever downloaded a free app from an app store, but I assure you that most of them (and/or the services they use) have been made by people who are being paid for their work. Facebook, Gmail or a local Bus schedule app are all **free** apps even if someone has been paid for them to exist. It is the same with healthcare: It is free for me but we all pay the taxes that keeps the system working because we live in a society, we are not cavemen only looking for ourselves.
>>What countries would be fair? North Korea? China? Rwanda?

>Why are you cherry-picking? Are you saying those countries are shitholes?

No, they don't disclose this kind of info. Have you tried searching?

>Do you think there are eleven countries in the world or will you admit to cherry-picking again? And only two are outside of Europe...

Cherry picking all information available is hardly cherry picking. What would you compare with? I think I have asked 20 times already.

>>No, it was all the citizens doing that.

>Source?

Are you denying it? Oh my god.

> If you're ignoring Holocausts and Holodomors...

Currently happening in...? Because, again, YOU ARE COMPARING THE POLICE KILLINGS TO HUMAN DISASTERS. And then you say that nothing's wrong.

> I really don't care what shithole you're from.

Are you sure you're not a Trumpet?

> Cool, enjoy your taxes and lack of freedom.

I am free to not die or go bankrupt because I broke a bone. Do you want to compare the cost of healing a broken bone while uninsured in the US against that same cost in any modern country with single payer health care?  
Let me give you a hint: I would be free to choose if I want to pay for a private clinic or not.
> Everything is cherry picking when it makes the US look like a hellhole. Got it.
> 
> No, you're just making an unjust comparison to cherry-picked countries.

What countries would be fair? North Korea? China? Rwanda?  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Police_firearm_use_by_country#Comparison_of_countries

The only once close to you in this list is South Africa, with 1/3 of your killings. The rest drop to 1/100 instantly.

>>Are you denying the native genocide in the US?

>Was that carried out by the police?

No, it was all the citizens doing that. I guess that makes it better.  
OK, I concede. You genocide was better than all other genocides in the world.

>The funny thing is that I don't give even a remote fuck about this issue. We don't have a problem with the police.

You don't want to see the problem you have. It's a different story. Look outside and you will see police killings orders of magnitude lower.  
You don't care now, but maybe neither did those who are now dead.

>> We don't care as much as you do about race in this side of the ocean, our disputes are different.

>LOL, you're British? Nice job on avoiding all the tell-tells in diction. At any rate, your propaganda outlets have been doing nothing but stoking racial tensions since before Brexit, but particularly after it.

Nope, but this side of the ocean we like joke-hating our neighbors. We = this side of the ocean, if you didn't get it this time either.

>A string of text bragging about a modest holiday allowance?


It's not bragging, it's the bare minimum. I just wanted to show you that [I'm not American](https://www.thebalance.com/paid-holiday-schedule-1917985).
> 1000 anecdotes while other countries have 0-4 kills a year.
> 
> While your cherry-picked countries...
> 
> How would you say the police kill count per capita is in the US compared to that of the United Kingdom?
> 
> D)Cherry picking.

Everything is cherry picking when it makes the US look like a hellhole. Got it.

>>Care to back that up with some data? Saner in what way?

>Link me to the data set.

That is exactly what I was asking for. The burden of proof is on you. You claimed that you're saner than most in the world.

> Was that carried out by the police? Because if you're bringing up military actions your beloved European and socialist countries aren't going to fare very well...

Are you denying the native genocide in the US?

>>AKA: You.

>Where did I say I was talking about the UK

You're avoiding any and all facts that I throw at you, including the ones directly comparing the UK and the US. Will you for once say that you have a problem with your police? OR LINK ME TO ANYTHING THAT SAYS OTHERWISE? I already did my part, but you call that cherry picking.

> There's less racial tension. There's less of an us-versus-them attitude. You can pretend this doesn't exist but the left has been stoking it from the UK to the US and the effects have been devastating.

Of course, it's racial tension. THAT is what makes the police kill people. Their race.  
But wait, immigration is rising fast! https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/70/Non_UK_percentage.svg

There is probably more tension between white people from the different countries in the UK than between a white guy and a black guy from the same neighborhood in London. We don't care as much as you do about race in this side of the ocean, our disputes are different.

>You appeared to be a native English speaker and wrote with American spelling. To me that ruled out the UK, Canada, and the rest of the Commonwealth and suggested German when you denied being American. At this point I'm convinced you're American.

I learned with videogames, translating a whole RPG back in 93 (Shining Force 2 on the Mega Drive) because I was stuck. Do German people not use UK spelling?  
Really, the closes I have ever been to mainland US is probably about 4700km, when on vacation. A whole month fully paid, like every year. If that doesn't tell you that I'm definitely not American I don't know what will.
> No, those were anecdotes.

1000 anecdotes while other countries have 0-4 kills a year. OK.

>>You found it unfair when I compared the US to "homogeneous" countries. What does that mean? How homogeneous is the United Kingdom?

>Probably about on par with the US.

How would you say the police kill count per capita is in the US compared to that of the United Kingdom?

a) Better  
b) The same  
c) Worse


> No, it just shows you're cherry-picking. We're much saner than most countries.

Care to back that up with some data? Saner in what way?  
I guess you're not talking about mental illnesses and the stigma on them in the US. Let's pop some pills.

>>What did your numbers show? I must have missed that.

>That we don't have Holocausts.

http://www.bahai-library.com/pdf/b/buck_gover_never_again.pdf

>On September 8, 2000, speaking on behalf of the Bureau of  
Indian Affairs (BIA), Assistant Secretary of the Interior Kevin Gover offered  
a historic apology for the agency’s policies and actions throughout  
its 175 - year history — particularly for its devastating impact on  
American Indian nations, whether federally recognized, unrecognized,  
or extinct.1 Over much of its history,2 the BIA wreaked havoc in Indian  
Country through policies that, in their most extreme forms, ranged  
from **extermination (physical genocide)** to assimilation (cultural genocide)

These guys disagree: https://www.bia.gov/

>>Again, can you explain what is unfair about comparing the US to "homogeneous" countries like the United Kingdom

>Who the fuck said the UK was homogenous?

This fuckwit:   
>You're comparing us to homogenous, wealthy European countries.

AKA: You.


> Did I say the words in those quotes? No? Then quit lying.

You're evading the question: What does a country need to be homogeneous and why is it an advantage when comparing killings by police?

Let me remind you again what you said before:

> You're comparing us to homogenous, wealthy European countries.

>> BTW, I have never set foot in Canada, bud light.

> Sure you haven't, Molsen.

What else do you know about me that I don't? I'm intrigued. Didn't my English as a third language give away that I'm not from an English speaking country?
>You were just claiming they were innocent. That's an important part of the moral calculus. And you're including cases of imminent danger as bad things: a man shooting at cops absolutely deserves to be killed on the spot.

Now you're cherry picking, I guess? I showed you plenty of cases of cops executing people and *that* was cherry picking.

Cops are not the executors, people have to be tried and then declared guilty. Until then they are innocent.

Is someone *actually* shooting? Yeah, gun him down.  
Is someone *crying on the floor unable to follow incompatible instructions*? Dude, no. Don't. Stop.

> And now we've entered the phase of the argument where you baselessly accuse me of racism...

You found it unfair when I compared the US to "homogeneous" countries. What does that mean? How homogeneous is the United Kingdom? In what way? How does it help?

>>I'm using modern countries in the "now". That is not cherry picking

>LOL.

What would you compare USA's 2017 statistics to that wouldn't make it cherry picking? I'm dying to know about your standards.

>Source? Do no other countries do that? Is this just the usual Canadian inferiority complex at work?

No, other countries rate themselves as "happiest" when they top that ranking  (https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2017/03/20/happiest-country-world-united-nations/99280014/) and stuff like that. Only North Korea calls itself the best with no extra modifiers, other than the US.

>>the fact that your numbers show a bloodlust only comparable to the poorest countries should make you think.

>They don't show that, bud.

Yeah, you only need 3 times the population on Earth living in your country to make the bloodlust of your police comparable to other countries. What did your numbers show? I must have missed that.

>I'm Asian-American. I didn't vote for Trump. And I don't think black people have anything to do with officer-involved shootings. You're an ignorant child who knows nothing of your southern neighbor.

Good on you. Again, can you explain what is unfair about comparing the US to "homogeneous" countries like the United Kingdom if that doesn't mean "some people are black"?

BTW, I have never set foot in Canada, bud light.

>>Close to 1000 people out of 323 million.

>How many were innocent?

Does that matter? Are the police executioners?

>>4 people of 65 million.

>And that's cherry-picking.

>>7 people out of 82 million.

>More cherry-picking.

>>The US in 2015 would need a population of 21 billion people to have the same killings per capita as England and Wales.

>If one relied exclusively on cherry-picked temporal windows.

Showing the nationwide statistics of a whole country: Cherry picking.
Using the latest data for last year: A cherry-picked temporal window.

> You're comparing us to homogenous, wealthy European countries. You're leaving out most of the world.

You can say it. It's because of the blacks. I know you're racist, you just need to admit it. You will feel better.

I'm using modern countries in the "now". That is not cherry picking, that is comparing the self called "best country in the world" to "*other* countries in the world", the fact that your numbers show a bloodlust only comparable to the poorest countries should make you think. But you're incapable of that. Your brainwashing won't allow you that. It's the blacks. It's all their fault. Without them the USA would be unstoppable. That's all you will say until your programming is updated. What is Trump telling you to think now?
>Yep. The lack of difference, *per capita*, of police-involved killings between us and other countries.

Here's some data for the US in 2017: https://github.com/washingtonpost/data-police-shootings/blob/master/fatal-police-shootings-data.csv

Close to 1000 people out of 323 million. 

The UK in 2017 had 4: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_killings_by_law_enforcement_officers_in_the_United_Kingdom

4 people of 65 million. The US would need 16 billion people to match the per capita kill rate.

Germany had 7: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_killings_by_law_enforcement_officers_in_Germany

7 people out of 82 million. The US would need over 11 billion people to match the per capita rate.

I was trying to find info on Finland but apparently they didn't kill anyone in 2017.

For Canada it's apparently up to 25 a year: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_killings_by_law_enforcement_officers_in_Canada

With 36 million people, the US would need 1440 million people to be at the same level.

Japan is another one where most years go by with 0 casualties. 

This one is for fun, since it's older data. Quoting an article:

>In the first 24 days of 2015, police in the US fatally shot more people than police did in England and Wales, combined, over the past 24 years.

The US in 2015 would need a population of 21 billion people to have the same killings per capita as England and Wales. 

Having a population just a few times bigger than other countries does not mean that anything goes. Per capita or not, there is a ton of difference between you and other countries, and not in a positive way. 
You said so, yes. Got any data to back your statistics up?

Something like yearly killings in the US vs yearly killings somewhere else. Since you're ignoring everything I post I want to see what you consider a reliable source.



Please don't be the Bible. 
>I asked you before and you dodged the question: what temporal window are we using? What is your definition of "modern"? You're looking to cherry-pick here.

What is your definition of "current"?

>No, I can just compare them with those of the rest of the world.

Please, do. 
Yes, statistics is "that thing you ignore because you can't open your eyes".

AKA: the police is in a murder spree compared to the rest of the world: https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jun/09/the-counted-police-killings-us-vs-other-countries

>Fact: In the first 24 days of 2015, police in the US fatally shot more people than police did in England and Wales, combined, over the past 24 years.

What do you call that? What are your statistics compared to other current, modern countries? Do you need to compare with a concentration camp to make your numbers look just a bit less inhumanly horrifying? 


https://www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/number-of-fatal-shootings-by-police-is-nearly-identical-to-last-year/2017/07/01/98726cc6-5b5f-11e7-9fc6-c7ef4bc58d13_story.html?sw_bypass=true&utm_term=.1e1d1e5bea60

The numbers do not change year to year. It's like this was not just an anecdote, but something... Tangible? Like... It's real? 
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2017/11/10/rhode-island-police-shoot-kill-man-truck-while-hunting-suspect-stolen-cruiser/851523001/

This guy did everything wrong he could to avoid getting killed: he existed in front of cops. 
https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_599c4099e4b04c532f447939

Close to a killing per day.

"That's normal, just an anectode" - HohlraumHe3
https://www.vox.com/identities/2017/5/1/15499996/jordan-edwards-police-shooting-texas-balch-springs

Something must be wrong here, a cop was charged with murder? Unexpected. 
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/17/15985442/minneapolis-police-shooting-justine-damond-video

Look, a blonde woman. I bet you didn't event think she was criminal. Until she was executed, that is. 
http://www.newsweek.com/who-killed-police-2017-760870

So many criminals who had to be executed so they couldn't hurt any more people. 
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/07/what-dog-shootings-reveal-about-american-policing/533319/

Police save country from gang of rabid dogs. The alternative title, i guess. 
https://www.nbcdfw.com/news/local/Off-Duty-Mansfield-Police-Officer-Shoots-and-Kills-A-Family-Dog-454190323.html

Are all American dogs criminals? 
https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/distressed-abandoned-dog-shot-dead-11892118

What was the dog's crime? 
https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/distressed-abandoned-dog-shot-dead-11892118

What was the dog's crime? 
You know the drill: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-watch/wp/2014/05/30/georgia-toddler-critically-injured-by-polices-flash-grenade/?utm_term=.437cb4682450
You know the drill: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-watch/wp/2014/05/30/georgia-toddler-critically-injured-by-polices-flash-grenade/?utm_term=.437cb4682450
http://abcnews.go.com/US/story?id=95475

Can you point to the criminal, please? 
>You've just bought Reddit propaganda that's mostly based on criminals getting shot and being turned into martyrs despite inviting death by cop.

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5157957/Ex-Arizona-police-officer-acquitted-fatal-hotel-shooting.html

Can you point to the criminal, please? 
>I get them confused... Pogroms in Eastern Europe, the Holocaust, the various socialist police states, colonial repression... 

The United States of America police forces kill enough people yearly that they have to be compared to the holocaust to look "not unusual".

I'm done man, you're too funny. 
That is me saying that you hear free health care and think "holocaust". How is that denying anything? Please, elaborate.

I was also saying that you have been brainwashed to think that, because you so not rationalize, you only say "that's bad! Nazi! Communist! Evil!". Meanwhile, people in the country just north of you enjoy it with no holocaust in sight.

You are wrong. 
>Or I could just compare it to your last ethnic cleansing.

Which one? Can you be a bit more specific?

Are you suggesting I'm German? Are you saying that the current state of the police is only comparable to the nazi Germany and their holocaust? Because I thought you were trying to say that the amount of murders of innocent people in the hands of the American police nowadays is something normal that happens everywhere else in the world. 
>You absolutely did when you claimed I was crazy for mentioning it.


Can you quote me denying the holocaust? I'm going to need a source on that.

I'm starting to believe that you just lie all day long without even looking at reality. 
>What is our temporal window?

If you need to go back a few centuries to find the same rate of civilian killing by state forces you might accidentally be saying that I'm right.

But sure, go ahead. You can compare 2018 USA to the mongol empire when they conquered half of the world, the barbaric tribes that fought the romans or even those traitors who murdered the natives and kicked them out of their land in North America. 
>Not if the kid has to pay taxes?

What taxes does this is pay?

>Except the guy had to pay for it with taxes?

The homelessness tax, I guess? Is that a thing in the USA?

Are you a parody account of incredibly stupid ameritards? 

>Having money stolen from my paycheck isn't "people working together". 

Paying taxes to improve my country instead of funding a humongous military to invade oil rich countries is preferred in my opinion.   
Wait, wait. Is the military also stealing from you? I want to hear your excuse for the biggest tax spending in the world on warfare. 

>And you're the Holocaust denier who is supporting a system that killed 200 million people in the last century.

Except I never did what you say, I already said that it's real and you still keep thinking that capitalism = communism.

Because face it, most (all?) countries with a excellent single payer healthcare systems are in place are capitalist. We are just spending tax money on life instead of death. 
>No, it doesn't. In a country with 320 million people it happens very infrequently. 

Are you joking? Look at this shit: http://killedbypolice.net

It doesn't matter how big you are or how many people there is in the USA.

Come on, give me countries with worse numbers in police killings. Let's see who you will compare your country with. 
>"Free"? So you don't understand how taxes work?

A homeless kid can go to a hospital with a broken finger and be treated without paying? Then it's free.

What about some poor guy hasn't had work in the last few years? Can he go to a hospital without spending a cent? Oh my, that sounds like it is *free health care* on a tax funded system!

Can you believe it? People working together to make stuff like this possible for everyone? Probably not, you're a psychopath. 
>That's because the rest of the world is ignorant.

I'll be happy to be ignorant if your definition of ignorant means "cops won't kill dogs on sight", "cops won't shoot people because their skin is the wrong shade of color" or "cops hold person at gunpoint, force them to do contradictory actions and execute them on failure to comply".

All that stuff that happens constantly in your country is unheard of in other modern countries. We are not the ignorant ones, we are the ones that don't put up with that shit.

>>They do not work for free. 

>So you were lying earlier?

>>They will do their work even if you don't pay taxes.

>Would they work if no one paid their taxes?

I try simple concepts, but they escape you. 
Today, on how things work: "Taxes". Tomorrow we will teach you the difference between **PAYING FOR A SERVICE AND HAVING THAT SERVICE PROVIDED FOR FREE BECAUSE IT'S PAID BY TAXES**.

You don't pay a policeman when he helps you, because it's a basic service. The state pays them.  
You don't pay a doctor that voluntarily works for the state, because it's a basic service. The state pays them.  
Private hospitals exist and you pay them, because free healthcare is compatible with competition in a capitalist market and you can pay for better treatment if you need it. The state doesn't pay them.

Do you understand that some countries will actually put some effort into keeping it's citizens alive instead of executing them? 
You see free health care, you think holocaust. End. You wrong.

Holocaust real. You still wrong.

Dummy. 
I never said "this thread", until right now. Your quote skills are weak.

You see communism in modern capitalist countries that have social security. You're so wrong I'm having a hard time believing that you're a real person. 
>You're the one denying the Holocaust, the Holodomor, the Cultural Revolution, the Killing Fields, and so on.

Can you quote me on that? I need a source.

About the rest, you're confusing modern countries and their social benefits with murderous communist societies. Brainwashing. 
They do not work for free. They will do their work even if *you* don't pay taxes.

Do you understand?

>Haha, Reddit has given you a very distorted picture of America.

You might think that "it's not that bad", but the rest of the world is horrified. 
They will do their work even if you're not paying taxes, or you're not old enough to pay taxes or you're out of a job and have no income. They provide a free service.

I forgot to mention that in other countries, kids can go to a police officer and ask for help without fearing for their life, even when black. It's a tough concept but I'm sure you'll eventually understand. 
So that is what you think of when you think "people have free access to health care".

How much did you pay for the brainwashing? Or was that one state sponsored? That would be communism, though. 
Can you give me a few examples of what makes you think that? 
They provide a free service. They are free. 
I'll let my coworker know that she's not attracted to her wife anymore since the pregnancy. It's going to be a weird conversation.
So affordable health care for everyone = holocaust. Got it. 
How much do you pay the police after they help you? 
Mira el historial del que ha enviado esto. Es una maquina de propaganda de la derecha rancia. 
They could have 500 round magazines, not miss a single bullet and still they would be fucked. 
No creo que todos los que votaron que sí sean políticos corruptos queriendo evadir prisión. 
This is much better than them not doing anything. You should feel a bit safer there. 
Have you tried VR? 
What VR devices have you tried? What were their resolutions and refresh rates?

A 720p screen is very bad for VR, 60fps is definitely not good enough and the switch SOC is definitely not powerful enough for VR.

We tried Google Cardboard in the office with an iPhone 6 or so (about 720p FYI) and it was *bad*, like "the image looks terrible" bad. 

But you're the expert! Tell me, how does a 640\*720 screen feel a couple cm away from your eye? 
The screen is really bad. Compare it to a 2560\*1440 phone screen and you'll understand why Google Cardboard is passable (not even *good*).

VR on a 720p screen is laughable. 
When it's about days it's always masculine, but if you were talking about pool balls you would have to use the femenine form: "si metes la ocho has perdido".

It always depends on *what* you're talking about. 
HAHAHAHA GO KISS THE QUEEN HAHAHAHHA

Ugh. 
Americans love asking other people's nationalities when they want to insult them in a personalized way.

Just look around and you will start seeing "where are you from?" in almost any thread that paints the USA in a negative light. 
Oh my, did I imply you hate democracy and basic rights? And that you're a xenophobe?

I'm sooooo naughty. Don't be mad. 
Your opinion is to take quotes out of context and call voting and striking "organized violence"? Should I respect you? Really?

Also, an applause for the "I'm not racist, I have black friends" excuse. Bravo. 
I'm not pro independence. I'm against lies and catalan hate. You cover both. 
An out of context quote in a Catalan hating website is not proof.

A direct quote with context is.

You're useless. 
Puigdemont's quote is completely out of context.

http://www.cataladigital.cat/2017/07/01/puigdemont-fem-por-i-mes-que-en-farem/

They fear us because we have voted, we are using democracy. That is why they fear us.

You cannot just take some words, assign them your favorite meaning and use it as propaganda for your shit. You are lying through your teeth.

Junqueras was threatening with a strike, which you also claim are equal to violence. I can't believe how much you hate everything that is catalan if you're reaching so much just to spread hate.

Lies, lies, lies and more lies. Have you ever said the truth? Just once?

Note: if context can disprove what you're saying, you should change your sources. They are bad. 
The burden of proof is on you: You're *saying* that they instigated violence. Prove it.

There is video proving the opposite, though. Good luck.
Let me quote you:

>Which it did, the leaders were inciting violence & rebellion against safety forces

The leaders were seen and recorded on video calming people down and asking them to leave. You extrapolate that they incite violence.

I'm done here. 
I see you don't link to the videos of the leaders asking for the mob to dissolve. 
You mean the ones asking everyone to please leave orderly? Like, when it was recorded on video? That time?
Si te soy sincero nunca he mirado las normas de este subreddit, era una suposición por ser un blog 😅
Puede que fuera reportado por parecerle a alguien autopromoción.
Supongo que lo mejor sería preguntar en modmail. 
If it happened you wouldn't care. Since it didn't happen you shouldn't care. 
What was Artur Mas' role in the October 1st vote? 
>The Guardia Civil (English: "Civil Guard"; [ˈɡwarðja θiˈβil]) is the oldest law enforcement agency in Spain. It is organised as a **military force** charged with policeduties under the authority of both the Ministry of the Interior and the Ministry of Defence.
Did they spend more than the Spanish government in those boats?

You can call it an attempt all you want, it never tried to be a coup. It tried to be a diplomatic exit. Whether it can happen or not is an entirely different thing.

You're lying to make your side look better after sending armed forces to beat up the people voting. Too bad the world saw what happened.

If you ask me, the Spanish government should have allowed the vote, then sat down with Puigdemont and told him "no, the law is on my side, you can't do that". This would have saved a ton of money to Spain and the country wouldn't look as bad as it does right now.

But let me guess, you'll find a reason to justify violence against the catalan people now, right? 
Wouldn't a coup d'etat require violence and a fight in the name of Catalonia? All I saw was violence and a fight against the catalan people from the armed forces of Spain.

Catalonia doesn't even have an army to be able to organize a coup. 
Or Andorra. 
Spaniards who don't speak English, I guess. 
Artur Mas dimite como presidente del PDeCAT: "Doy otro paso al lado"
Alguien puede vestirse del sexo opuesto como hobby, filia o lo que le de la gana sin tener que ser transexual. Son cosas diferentes. 
This is the opposite of incel. 
Don't reviews get hidden by default when the dev updates the app?  
If a bad review can be hidden easily they won't hold the same weight.

On Android they can be devastating and that's why I go out of my way to ignore them. They'll fuck with my ratings but fuck them with a rake, too.
Same here, but catalan instead of galician. 
Cool, then it's 32ms of frame time. Still less than 50ms.
At 60fps you're seeing a new frame every 16ms. Anything above that and you're delayed. 
It could turn into the Nuclear Winter Olympics.
> its a complicated method of root

No, it's not.

> The Android 8.0 release includes Project Treble, a major re-architect of the Android OS framework designed to make it easier, faster, and less costly for manufacturers to update devices to a new version of Android. Treble is for all new devices launching with Android 8.0 and beyond

https://source.android.com/devices/architecture/treble
That's how it works here, though. We ask for an amount (liters or €), pay for it, fill up and go.

It isn't a requirement, either. Most places will let you fill up first and then pay if that's what you want, but I prefer to pay first :P
He's from Guatemala, not Spain. 
Semi related: I don't mind it in some episodes, when they directly connect to the brain and do stuff... But the episodes that only need a small DNA sample to create a full clone with memories completely break the immersion. 
Not really, he duplicates them inside the game using their DNA. The real people are not actually being tortured in the game (he *is* a sick person) and don't even know about any of it. 
FYI: "No comprende" means "**you** don't understand". "No comprendo" means "**I** don't understand".

It won't matter in any way, though :P
>No, but because one year old batteries are getting worn and some might be getting to a point where they cannot supply the voltage required for a cranked CPU and would start shutting down.

Explain then why Apple has enabled that safety measure only on the previous generation with each update. If the iPhone 7 didn't need it last year why does it need now if the hardware didn't change?
The one year old devices were added both times. Definitely not to make the newer ones look better, it's just that as soon as a new iPhone is released the laws of physics change for the one that was released just before. 
I una mica més de pressupost a les escoles, per aprendre català no et sembla també important? 
Es parte de la historia nacional, ya. 
Llaman "vacío" al aeropuerto de Gerona, pero yo siempre lo he visto lleno... Y parece ser que en 2015 tuvo cerca de 2 millones de pasajeros.

¿Cuantos hacen falta para que no esté vacío? 
Vale, necesitas aprender inglés si crees que eso era un insulto por ser de ahí.
Una pija de España: https://youtu.be/DbDHxgS8s0M?t=35  
Podrás notar que su acento no se le parece en nada.

> LOL. SOMOS DE LA MISMA RAZA ETNICA, PENDEJO.

Pues llámale xenofobia si te sientes más agusto. Sigues siendo una mierda de persona.

> No, no it isn't, they picked her for a reason. Do you not understand what the casting process is? actually if you don't understand how regional accents function, you most certainly don't understand casting...

Gina Tost is not an actress, retard: https://www.ginatost.com/

> You are beyond my ability to comprehend.

I bet it doesn't take too much.



You are talking about someone you don't know and the accent she supposedly has to someone who *did know about her beforehand*, who is from the same region as her and is telling you that she does *not* have any special accent. Yet you still cannot get Mexico out of your small head and understand that **people in a different continent might have different accents than you** and that maybe *maaaayyyyyybe* your dumb posh people over there are imitating us.

Keep digging, you might reach the core.
> Oye gallego, entiende que el hecho de que sea tu acento no tiene nada que ver con el argumento. Parece ser que todos los chistes de gallegos no eran exageraciones....

Oh, por supuesto. El racismo. Delicioso.

> The argument is, as I've said numerous times, I can vouch for at least 3 countries where this specific accent is used in place of what in the U.S. would be considered "a posh accent" equivalent.

And it does not matter because **everyone in the area speaks like her because she is not using a posh accent, but using the normal accent for her area, so saying that she is using a posh accent is completely wrong.**

Let me quote you:

>  It is not a coincidence that she's speaking in the fancier style.

It is. You just have no fucking idea about anything.

Go on, insult me again because I was born in my country. I'm just insulting your nonexistant intelligence.
> it is regularly used as a "posh accent" in at least 3 countries, to my knowledge.

Is it where she lives? If not, **DOES IT FUCKING MATTER?**

Hint: It is not, she speaks normally, she's not "posh". The end.

To anyone else confused about this exchange, this is the equivalent of calling british actors "british wannabees" because sometimes americans adopt a british accent because it's "cool".

Holy fucking jesus, man. You're dumb.
>No seas pendejo, te estoy diciendo que se usa para proyectar 'estilo' y 'dignidad' de una persona de clase alta. Ya te explique en detalle. Escucha, piensa y luego entiende.

Eso en Mexico, inútil. Aquí le llamamos "hablar".

If she is from Spain and using a normal accent for Spain, she is **definitely not using a Mexican posh accent**, you retarded asshole. 
I'm from the same region as her. You're saying that me, my whole family, all my friends and everyone I work with have posh accents. You just don't like the Spanish accent and are projecting bullshit into us because we are from a place you don't like.

You don't know what you are talking about, but you're very opinionated. Cool, but you're still wrong. 
You recognize the accent as posh because you're Mexican, but she's catalan and that's not a "locally posh" accent *at all*. It's pretty neutral, but you can tell that she's catalan.
Are you from the USA? 
Just imagine that you were falsely accused. 
I love how you're downvoted, but in reality school shootings in the USA are so normal that they have shooter alarms in addition to fire alarms, bulletproof backpacks and "the white weird guy" is jokingly called "school shooter" instead of just weird guy.

**It is normal in the USA, like it or not. Downvoting will not change reality.**
No, el PP ha sacado muy pocos escaños, a ellos no les hemos votado. 
I haven't heard of any phone other than the iPhone that turns itself off when the battery is just a year or two old. They just don't last as long as they used to. 
I know. It is still the language that originated in the kingdom of Castille. 
Why didn't you learn Chinese instead of English, though? 
Why do you speak English? More people speak Chinese, you know? 
Or because it's the language from Castilla. 
Not all apps had menus, so the button sometimes did nothing. The multitasking button is much better. 
Pensaba que exagerabas, [pero no](https://elpais.com/elpais/2012/10/24/gente/1351072210_071316.html).
Creo que no entiende lo que significa "machismo". No se puede defender el sexismo de ningún tipo. 
I've used it in many apps and it's a lot better than calling notifydatasetchanged.  
Animating changes in an extremely simple list is as easy as this:

	public void setItems(List<MyObject> items) {
		MyObjectDiffCallback diffCallback = new MyObjectDiffCallback(mItems, items);
		DiffUtil.DiffResult diffResult = DiffUtil.calculateDiff(diffCallback);

		this.mItems.clear();
		this.mItems.addAll(items);

		diffResult.dispatchUpdatesTo(this);
	}

And the diff callback looks like this:

    private class MyObjectDiffCallback extends DiffUtil.Callback {
		private List<MyObject> oldList;
		private List<MyObject> newList;

		private MyObjectDiffCallback(List<MyObject> oldList, List<MyObject> newList) {
			this.oldList = oldList;
			this.newList = newList;
		}

		@Override
		public int getOldListSize() {
			return oldList.size();
		}

		@Override
		public int getNewListSize() {
			return newList.size();
		}

		@Override
		public boolean areItemsTheSame(int oldIndex, int newIndex) {
			return oldList.get(oldIndex).getId() == newList.get(newIndex).getId();
		}

		@Override
		public boolean areContentsTheSame(int oldIndex, int newIndex) {
			return oldList.get(oldIndex).equals(newList.get(newIndex));
		}
	}
I just checked on Google maps... I can drive 164 miles and I'll have started in my country, crossed straight through another one and end up in a third. 
That's why all offices will be at 100°F, right? To be comfortable? 
0°C is cold and 100°C is hot no matter where you are from.

How is that even supposed to help anyone choose a system or the other? "A higher number means more!" Duh!

Different people feel cold and heat at different points. I'll still be in a t-shirt and not feeling cold until we hit the single digits, but most of my coworkers will already be wearing three layers of clothing as soon as we're under 20°. I don't *feel* cold the same way. Feels have no place in science. 
> Fahrenheit is far more intuitive for measuring temperature in the context of weather.

Is that scale valid for Nordvik, in Russia, and Ahvaz, in Iran? Maybe they don't go from a cool 0ºF to a warm 100ºF everywhere in the world.

You like it because it's what you are used to. End of story. That 0-100 thing is just a happy coincidence.  
Is it useful to you? Good, use it. Do you prefer Celsius? That's good, too. None is "better" than the other, they are just different.
Decimals exist.
> Do the people on that sub read any actual history or do they simply make it up as they go along? Unbelievable.

I honestly believe that hardcore Trumpets think that a murderous dictator is good, as long as he's right wing.
>Do you trust someone like that to represent you in court?

>I know that suing for anything is sport over there, but those ads sound like they would be targeting children. 

That was my first message. Full of me talking about corporations, employees, employers, law and whatever the fuck you want to make up next. 

You should quit doing drugs. I'm out. 

>No doubt you know about the supposed "hot coffee" case at McDonalds?

Yep, it was basically boiling because McDonald's assumes that you'll wait until you get home to drink it. They also refused to pay for her (third degree?) burns treatment and basically were big assholes.

Again, you're the one bringing corporations into the discussion. 
> The point is that frivolous lawsuits isn't that big of an issue in the US

Except they're famous worldwide for it.

> compared to the shitty treatment of employees and customers.

Oh, right. It's not *as bad as* their other shitty situation. I still can't wrap my head around how much their people are fucked by the ones with the money and how they still vote the ones that give tax breaks to golf course owners, who by chance happens to be their president.

And I bet that they'll see any improvement in worker rights as "commie" and "anti-american".
> No, it’s that they have convinced you that we are some nefarious haven where virtuous, honest businesses are subject to the whims of rapacious plaintiffs.

I'm going to need a source on that, buddy. Where did I say anything remotely similar to that?

> I think you and they would get along better than you realize

Nah, I have rights in my country. I don't need a fortune if I'm screwed by my employer and want what's mine.

Do you want an anectode? I once was let go and offered to sign a document saying that I accepted that I was a bad employee and didn't want unemployment or my severance. As soon as I asked to take it home to read it carefully he stripped it and gave me another document stating that they are giving me 100% of what I was owed. It is hard to scam employees when the state protects us.

But I'm sorry, can you tell me about your incredibly amazing right to die in a ditch if you can't afford health care? Or how many mandatory vacation days you get over there? I'm now on my second week of my month of vacations, it's pretty nice living somewhere with rights and protections for citizens even if we're not billionaires.

Nice tax cut just approved, by the way. Hope you're a billionaire, too.


Oh, and about the "bizness": Only you mentioned that. Unless "lawsuits" means "citizen accusing a business in front of a judge", in which I'm sorry I used the wrong word. I meant that your country is so money focused that you're willing to sue any PERSON for shit so dumb *your lawyers can afford to look like idiots as long as their jingle is catchy and you remember it in your next fit of rage*.
Dude I just looked it up and the GOP is the right wing nutjobs over there? Fuck, you're wrong. I vote left wing, waaaaay more left than your democrats.
What. Do you not find jingles and cutesy nicknames inappropriate for something as serious as a lawyer? 
Do you trust someone like that to represent you in court?

I know that suing for anything is sport over there, but those ads sound like they would be targeting children. 
Is your username Addy because you only post ads? 
Provider A offers 300mbit internet for 60€/month plus 100€ installation fee. Provider B offers the same speed at the same price but with no fee if you stay for 6 months with them. It's an easy choice. 
> Finalmente…. The Punisher no cumple las expectativas

Y mientras, en IMDB: 

> 9.0/10, 54,473 votos
Against independence, pro referendum, incredibly against ignorant catalan haters.
Yes, it sounds awful on my phone, but normal on my Chromecast. 
Supongo que para ese juez si una persona está inconsciente no puede ser violada, ya que no dirá que no ni se quejará de nada. Qué crack. 
> As a Note 8 user, Samsung has promised me Oreo and the next iteration of Android. They did not promise Treble. Frustrating as that is, that's the reality.

Yep, I'm on the same boat. I gave up waiting for a great phone with Treble and ended up buying the Note 8, knowing that Treble is most probably not going to happen.

I got a Nokia 5 and a Nokia 6 for my brother and mother and I was hoping that they'd get it. I'm not terribly mad, just disappointed.
>>Unfortunately Google only supports Project Treble on phones launching on Android 8.0 Oreo™, not phones upgrading to their software.

Isn't this a lie? I thought that Google only *forced* manufacturers to support treble on new devices, while on updates it's optional to pass certification.

This is Nokia's fault. 
"No one here buys it, so it does not matter".

Meanwhile, the rest of the world disagrees. 
The kids are supposed to take care of it for a while, feeding it things like orange peels and giving it water every once in a while. Once it's ready, it's beating time.

It's a regional alternative to Santa Claus. 
Oh, I never tried that. It works fine on my 21:9 screen though, that's why I was confused.

A FOV slider would be awesome. 
What is broken?
It hurts paying for shit and getting it locked, right? 
You noticed I explained myself *again* and you ignored it *again*, right? 
> r/lostintranslation

That is what you get out of this? That you don't understand that this:

> They don't "manufacture in China".

Means that "they" means BLU? Because you keep going to that as if I was saying that the Chinese scrap yards that BLU buys assembled crap from are not actually putting that shit together in China territory.

I'm sorry you didn't understand me, I tried with other examples and other words. You still can't understand the concept, though.

I won't link to a subreddit, you're just too dumb for jokes.
I am the one evading the issue?

Fucking **BLU** (nothing to do with any color) purchases a hardware+software package from cheap ass Chinese scrap factories and lies fools idiot customers who think that it's the same as a fucking iPhone because it's assembled in the same piece of land.

You can give a Chinese factory instructions to assemble your product to get an American "made in China" product or you can buy a piece of shit that happens to run an OS that was customized and sold to a guy in California to be resold at a much higher price.

And yes, 200 is the much higher price for the piece of shit that you bought. That is designed in China by looking at other factories scraps and putting together whatever is cheap and boots, some guy will patch Android to "brand" it for the customer (that's an extra, though) and it's ready to sell.

You bought shit at piss prices. You overpaid for it. Now you get pissed on. 
Read my first comment, you're ignoring it and asking what I'm already saying there over and over. You are the asshole. And you're wrong.

Blu is doing what many others are doing and it does not matter that they happen to live in the US. You don't understand that? Not my fucking problem, you dum dum. 
Tata is an Indian car manufacturer.

That was called an example.

Call your parents, you need supervision on the internet. 
Read the rest of my first comment.

If you buy a Tata and rebrand it under an American brand... You're not selling an American product made in India, you're selling an Indian product.

Blu is not manufacturing in China, they are reselling cheap as fuck Chinese scrap made phones sold by the kg. 
Blu manufactures nothing. 
They don't "manufacture in China". That implies that they pay a factory to build what Blu designed.

They buy white label Chinese products and stamp their logo on it, like many other """"non Chinese"""" brands.

The problem is not that anything that comes from China is bad, the problem is that if the product were good it'd be sold with the original manufacturer's brand. 
Lo mejor de todo es que no conozco a ningún independentista que no aborrezca mucho a Trump.

Sólo hace falta mirar los números que tienen por aquí los partidos de la derecha rancia como PP y Ciutadans. Esos son los que apoyan a Trump. 
Completely impossible, I'm sorry. I don't own any apple hardware. 
Y más importante: ¿Quién tiene la culpa de que las otras 14 ciudades no hayan ganado?

Aquí se esconde una mano **muy** larga. 
Wrong continent. 
Simplified English. 
https://m.popkey.co/a93a4c/rOMe3.gif
It's stupid, you cannot pronounce it.

Also, you can see it as the masculine form not existing, since there is only neutral and feminine. If you say latinos you don't know if it's only men, but by saying latinas you *know* that it's an all woman group. There is no word for an all man group.

That is how the language works, if you want to invent a new word and make it popular go ahead, just make sure that you can pronounce it in the real world. 
They even said that this was a **temporary change** and the thing that annoyed everyone is coming back later. They did not do anything but delay the controversy until christmas season is over, I guess. 
It's bullshit. 
> This is disguised to look as if it is a form of legitimate software such as update for Adobe Flash Player or the Android system itself

There is absolutely nothing legitimate at all with those two. One has been dead for years and the other is not a simple app.

The wording might confuse average users.
Why do I hear about this same thing with every new update around a new iPhone launch? 
You're thinking about the Microsoft editions sold on the Microsoft Store.

The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 *is* one of "the galaxies", btw :P
> **WHY IPHONE WAS APPEALING**

> * Updates, FaceTime and iMessage: You can’t deny, updates on iOS are the fucking best. Being able to run the latest OS right after release as a HTC User was very refreshing.

Nice, but you should ask this guy about those updates:

> **WHY AM I THINKING ABOUT LEAVING IOS/IPHONE?**

> * iOS 11 is literally the only reason: My iPhone 6s ran smooth like butter before iOS 11. My battery was almost 9 hours which was great. All my apps never crashed and iOS felt smooth. Then, I downloaded iOS 11.

They don't look so great, now.
EA cares about money. End of story. They do not care about you or your enjoyment, they only care about what makes money.

A small studio is making great games? Let's buy it, make the next games as much of a cash grab as possible and close the studio as soon as it stops being a golden goose.

I will never forgive them for killing Bullfrog. 
It *does* work only with the camera. Not so well, but it works. He got a detail wrong, that is not alternative facts or lying, that is a mistake.

You can **see** him covering all sensors while it still works, what would you have thought before Apple engineers corrected him?

It was a valid thing to assume imho. 
Dude, it was a very positive review. Were you expecting him to actually worship the phone on an altar, or something? 
>Loveable:

>Notch. Controversial, but I really dig it now.

What is *good* and what do you *gain* by having a notch compared a same size screen without the notch? 
> am I supposed to be looking for something called ADB?

You can probably brick your device if you don't know (yet) what ADB is.

https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/adb.html

It's a command line tool to interact with your phone. Read first and don't run whatever command you run into without first making sure that it's safe.

You can find ADB in the Android SDK, I think the easiest way to find it now is with Android Studio.
Supongo que ayuda saber leer.
¿Un canal dirigido por un partido político manipulando temas sobre sus enemigos políticos? No me lo puedo creer.

Lo triste es algunos aún creerán que sólo es TV3 la que barre hacia su casa. 
Perdona, no me he explicado. Me refería a pedir ayuda en grupos de esa zona, que con suerte alguien la podría reconocer.

Suerte! 
Yo probaría en Facebook, reddit aún no es demasiado popular aquí en España. 
Opening the flashlight on iOS takes a while too, since I first open pokemon go and try to catch a Mewtwo.

You could just swipe down and hit "flashlight". 
Cool. I'm deleting that part, though. 
Madalenas, un clásico.
>Titular del informativo de mediodía: “Movilidad imposible por la huelga”. En realidad la adhesión fue escasa

Supongo que no habrás visto fotos ni vídeos de las estaciones de metro y las autopistas totalmente cortadas.

Ah, no, que justo después habla de que hubo muchos cortes... Pero fueron sólo universitarios, al parecer.

[Universitarios con canas o quedándose calvos. ](https://i.imgur.com/mvbma6V.png)

>En TVE lo contaron así el martes: “Declaran ocho profesores denunciados por decir a alumnos de nueve años que la Guardia Civil es mala y ha matado a una persona”

Es verdad que dijeron eso? Mencionaron que las familias denunciantes son guardias civiles?

Es muy pronto para tanta mierda, me voy a desayunar.

Toda prensa está politizada, no puedes considerar que todo lo que diga la catalana es mentira y todo lo que diga la española es verdad. Los dos lados te intentarán mentir. 
http://www.bancocaixageral.es/InformacionCorporativa/Pages/1QuienesSomos.aspx

¿Estos estaban en Cataluña? ¿Y ahora han dejado de operar aquí? 
La mejor manera de quitar argumentos a los independentistas: darles la razón cuando dicen que España odia a Cataluña.

Un aplauso a la caverna, por favor. 
Hi!

Thanks for the offer, but the app is a nightmare to maintain because of all the mistakes I made that would now need too much work to fix.
I would have made it open source a while ago if I wasn't ashamed of the code... :P

If I ever make it open source I'll post about it on the app's subreddit, so anyone can help or use it how they want.  
Right now I'm slowly updating all that's broken and missing from the last two major game updates.

Thank you again :)
Creo que en este caso, Wikipedia debería ser bastante fiable: https://es.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organizaci%C3%B3n_territorial_de_B%C3%A9lgica
None of what you said applies to anyone I know.

But what do I know? I'm not hearing this from international people, I'm just surrounded by independentist people already planning their next actions to protest the detentions. 
There are absolutely no other options at all, right? That is the one and only truth and thus they are wrong. Because what you say they think is wrong.

They *are* wrong, but you're full of shit. 
Fuck, you were not kidding. 
Black scenes in videos on my Note 8 show no light at all. It should be the same on the iPhone X.

It looks fantastic. 
Get a good computer. I don't have any noticeable input lag. Other games *did* have extreme input lag with vsync on, but not this one (and not any of the ones I have tried in the last several years).

This should be fixed, yes. You're also wasting power (=money) with vsync off, both statements are compatible. 
There is no difference between 60fps and 500fps on a 60hz monitor. Oh, wait there is: 500fps will have screen tearing, 60fps will look fine. 
I'm not playing anymore but I will update. Is the clockwork update released already? 
I use a library called PhotoView, which works perfectly with Glide and Viewpagers (when other zoom libs fail miserably). 
We don't even have an army here in Catalonia, there *can't* be a civil war, it'd just be an occupation.

Nothing extreme will happen and not much will actually change, don't worry :) 
I don't see the problem. Choose one and do it?

If you can go from home to your work by bike *or* car you don't have a problem, you've got a choice.
Vienen con la mentalidad de invadir territorio enemigo y pasa lo que pasa. 
Porque sólo te importa la parte política de todo esto. En ningún momento he dicho que la disforia de género y similares no existan ni que no se les deba representar, sólo he dicho que si no se puede pronunciar, es erróneo. Pero de ahí tú sacas toda esa mierda de pobre de mí, que me borran la identidad. ¿Cuando he dicho yo algo de eso de lo que me acusas? ¿Vas a seguir sin leer lo que escribo o seguirás pensando que soy un retrógrado de mierda?
Not once did you mention anything about my whole point in this. Keep pushing your propaganda tough, you're doing great. 
You don't pronounce them. He's wrong. The masculine form is also the genderless one, that is how Spanish works.

Anyone who tells you to write words that you cannot pronounce is trying to destroy the language to fit their own political agenda. 
Oh, that single data point probably means that they are not a The_Donald level circlejerk.

Hint: They are both shit subreddits. 
Same. My phone also overheats (up to 39 Celsius) until I manually close it.

**Device information:**

    Relay Version: 8.2.68 Pro

    Phone: LGE LG-H850 (LG-H850)
    Android Version: 7.0 (24)
    Device (product): h1 (h1_global_com)
    Rom: NRD90U


In other places not having access to clean water is normal. That doesn't mean that those who live there should not try to move to escape a shitty situation.

Move to a modern country. Look north. 
My guess is the monastery and it seems to be from around the year 900: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monestir_de_Sant_Feliu_de_Gu%C3%ADxols
Ahora sentido común es invalidar un hecho porque no te gusta quien lo dice. Vale. 
> Que la fuente de información del link y la tuya (que es casi copiada palabra por palabra de la otra o al reves) no sea de fiar

Como que son la misma. He mirado las fuentes del post.

Te cito de antes:

> es una noticia de esas controvertidas que a la gente le gusta creerse porque verifica las ideas preconcebidas que uno puede tener

Una persona sale repetidas veces diciendo que es primero A y luego B. Los estados A y B no son compatibles entre sí. Fin, no hay más: Mienten. Opinar sobre qué intenta Antena 3 al mentir es sólo un detalle, pero los hechos son que mienten y manipulan. Atacar a Kaosenlared porque sean totalmente parciales en este caso lo único que está haciendo es que la gente llegue, vea tu comentario y piense "debe ser falso, el que lo escribe no es de fiar", cuando lo único que hacía falta era llegar al final del post y leer las fuentes.
Sólo hace falta usar los ojos para ver las imágenes. Intentar buscar excusas para defender a Antena 3 demuestra un sesgo anterior a ver que era un blog de opinión.

No hay más.
Qué tal este? http://www.elnacional.cat/enblau/es/television/estudiantes-susanna-griso-antena3-cataluna_202470_102.html

También puedes intentar ignorar la opinión del que ha escrito en su blog sobre una noticia y simplemente fijarte en los hechos. 
This is trash. 
Deberías añadir toda la información que puedas al vídeo de YouTube; así si lo compartimos, el que lo vea sabrá dónde es, por qué está así y a quién pueden quejarse. Esos detalles siempre ayudan a hacer las cosas virales, pasando de ser "un vídeo de unas goteras" a un problema real con nombre.

En cuanto salga del trabajo lo comparto en Twitter 👍
None of what you said has anything to do with men's rights, though. 
Busca mejores conocidos. Gran parte de mis amigos son muy indepes y saben que yo no... Y nunca nos hemos intentado ofender uno a otro por ese tema.

Gente asquerosa la hay en todas partes. 
I found it! https://twitter.com/Berlustinho/status/920258194903126017

Transcript:  
> Sobretot us demanem que en la mesura que sigui possible, d'una manera tranquil·la, avui, en pocs moments dissolguem aquesta convocatòria.

Spanish:  
> Sobre todo os pedimos que en la medida de lo posible, de una manera tranquila, hoy, en pocos momentos disolgamos esta convocatoria.

English Google Translate (I'm not responsible for it):
> Above all, we ask that, as far as possible, in a quiet way, today, in a few moments, we dissolve this call.



> Take a look at the third picture, summoning and agitating an angry mob with the purpose of threatening police officers trying to execute a court order, on top of a vandalized police car. That is called sedition, and it is very serious crime

I honestly believe that you are wrong, having seen the proof now.
Si criticar al PP por asesinar testigos y quemar bosques es de marxistas... Pues fale. Pero no soy marxista.

En cambio tú eres un deshecho social, sólo viendo la manera ultra agresiva que tienes de etiquetar a los "rivales" sin que hayan hecho una mención a sus creencias o afiliaciones. 
Dear Trumpet: zurdo means "left handed".

And no, radical Islam is not using the same tactics that our right wing politicians have been using for decades, suddenly. There is little difference, I agree with that. The two groups don't mind killing and harming others for their ideals. 
> Take a look at the third picture, summoning and agitating an angry mob with the purpose of threatening police officers trying to execute a court order, on top of a vandalized police car

Do you have video or audio from that? What I heard is that they asked people to calm down and deescalated the situation. (No video from my part either, sorry).
436 firefighters were fired days before this by the government. Don't worry, though, [the government says that's not a problem](http://www.eldiario.es/galicia/Feijoo-aseguro-despido-brigadistas-quince_0_697480632.html).

I wonder who could want to burn forests down.

Oh, the ruling party in Spain (same party that fired the firefighters) also just voted [against protecting burned forests](https://twitter.com/UnidosPodemoSND/status/918059318846599169), no relation.

Boy, do I wonder who might be interested in destroying our country for personal monetary gain. 
How is the dev meant to **test** if the changed worked if there is no test? Is he meant to just change a few things, hope for the best and push the update?

Even if all links fail for you, get one of them, link it here and you're done. 
RGB is annoying, bordering obnoxious.

Fight me. 
Could you explain to me how exactly the taxes work in Catalonia?

Does the Generalitat keep 100% of what is made in taxes to spend as they please in our public services and roads or is it forced to give it back to Spain and wait for whatever comes back before they can spend anything?

I keep hearing different, completely opposite things and it's starting to get confusing. 
What's the difference? Our taxes aren't coming back right now, either.
Did they stop operations completely or did they just move their central office address? I haven't noticed any of those hundreds of closures personally. 
HTC Dream, Motorola Milestone, Samsung Galasy S2, Google Nexus 5.

The first one, the first hit, the first boom, the best price/quality ratio.
Adoctrinamiento, justo lo que critican. Pero del lado de los "buenos". 
>A lot of “xenophobia” in their news but anyone I have ever met from Chile is been friendly and never had a problem with them.

Well, I had to ban all Chilean IPs from an old mmorpg server I ran because they could not stop insulting and harassing all the other spaniard players (in a Spanish server). 

Don't get me wrong, they were probably young and kids will be kids... But that's all that comes to mind when I see "Chile". 
No hombre, no ves que el gobierno enviaba a gente en bus desde toda España a votar en el referendum, mientras que aquí la guardia civil y la policía nacional estaban intentando que nadie se reuniera? Esto es totalmente comparable.

BIBASPAÑA
Enhorabuena, pasad por recepción a recoger un pin. 
Yep, sometimes I go through /new on a bunch of subreddits. Today this was one of them. 
I'm sorry you felt personally attacked, but [I'm not making shit up](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtue_signalling).  
Also, as you can see from my examples, I'm *definitely* a right wing nut.
That was tongue in cheek. I'm not doing anything pro-independence, actually.
> So because there is a minority of cavemen in Spain you have decided to act like another one, smart, very smart ;)
 

And here I was, hoping that you would get *(Doesn't this sound incredibly stupid?)*

> If you still believe that the nationalist movement is not related and therefore comparable to the nazis or bolshevist movements then

"It's either extreme right or extreme left **but I'm right you're wrong nanananana**".

Again, here I am "defending" the politicians I didn't vote for. Stop it. I don't care about the current Catalan rulers.
I don't know him (I'm from Spain), but if he took any chance he could to talk about how wrong abortions are and how they should never be allowed... yeah. It's not just the hypocrisy that /u/kanavi36 mentions, it's being loud and public about it what would make it virtue signaling.
I know, rereading myself now I think I wasn't clear enough (blame my bad english), I was trying to talk about only the extremists that *do* wish those things to us.
https://twitter.com/PerdigueroSIPEp/status/914959311641726976

How about a "Subinspector de la Policía Nacional" lying about a dead cop to make it look like it was Catalonia's fault that he died **in Valladolid, of a heart attack**.

He's just a minority... In charge. In the armed forces currently here. Trying to promote hate.

This kind of people should be kicked immediately if we want to have a chance at unity in this country. (And probably Catalonia's politicians, too, while we are at it).
what
> I think you are a bit confused. No one in Spain is wishing any wrong to the people in Cataluña who is no pro independence.

Cavemen are calling for the army to conquer Catalunya. That would mean a lot of death for those of us who live here.

> If you are considering supporting the independence is because you probably are pro independence

Not at all. It'd probably be a disaster for both Catalunya and Espanya. But you know what? I'm sorry for all the "good" spaniards that don't start grunting like cavemen at the sight of catalan people, but I wouldn't mind a total economic collapse. (Doesn't this sound incredibly stupid?)

> If that is the case, good luck but don't ask for sympathy from any European citizen because we know what the nazionalist movement has caused us in the past and we will not tolerate it again.

Calling those who don't agree with you "nazi" is so 2016...
Judging by the downvotes, no one. Twitter and Facebook disagree heavily.

TIL /r/spain is a circlejerk. I'll go die on a ditch or something, I dared to be born northeast so I guess I deserve it.
It's telling everyone how good you are and how stand against everything that is wrong instead of doing good and such privately. Usually the ones most vocal about their virtues (the ones that are *virtue signaling*) do so to "hide" their secrets or to compensate for doing exactly the opposite.

The first example that comes to mind are the countless politicians extremely vocal against gay marriage with a secret same sex lover that always ends up being found.

Virtue signaling is not a "right wing" insult, even if they abuse it; it is a very real thing. 
The main concern is watching the rest of Spain wishing us the worst, hoping that we all die soon, poor and beaten by an armed police force because our region is doing something they don't like.

Honestly, those kind of profoundly retarded morons are starting to make me an independentist. Just to get away from all those psycho bloodlusted pieces of shit.
The phone supported 1.6, maybe T-Mobile didn't want to update it but you could download the image from Google and flash it yourself :P
Windows Phone would not be released until 3 years after it was released, so you had it for a while. The G1 (HTC Dream / ADP1) was deprecated almost immediately because of it's tiny amount of RAM and internal memory. It wasn't that bad if you have in mind that it was the first Android phone ever.
>First time ever that I hear gamba can mean that.

Serás de interior. En la costa es muy común. 
It says "Los (something) de esta comarca te saludan".

In catalan it would be "Els (something) d'aquesta comarca et saluden".

You can't even tell the truth when it's right in front of you. Cool.

Do you have a timestamp of the senyeras? 
Eso desde luego, no te lo voy a negar. 
- No et van trencar els dits però si que te'ls van inhabilitar perque no tanquessin, eh?

- Si, això és el que volia explicar. Perque quan jo vaig anar a l'hospital en aquell moment em va fer molt mal el cop i jo anava dien que m'havien trencat els dits perque quan estas en aquella situació és lo primer que et ve, no? "M'han trencat els dits".  
Els metges m'ho van explicar bé, que lo que fan és que et parteixen com una càpsula que hi ha a dintre, no és capsulitis sino (que) hi ha una caixa amb com uns lligaments i et trenquen allò. I et queden els dits *tiesos* i no els pots moure. Llavors, *bueno*, és lo que em van fer.

A la chica le viene un policía, le fuerza la mano, la tira por las escaleras y después va histérica al hospital sin poder mover los dedos que el policía estaba manipulando.

La noticia de los psicópatas es que la mujer ha mentido. Yo miro más allá del dedo y veo a un cuerpo de ocupación atacando a los civiles del país que se supone que representan.
En el vídeo: "no es capsulitis".

Buen titular, 10/10.
"Es vuestra culpa que os pegaran".
🤢 
>It was 2 dead when I left for work, 20 when I got to work, and it's at 50 now.

Same here, holy shit, it's hard to believe. 

We can only hope that the number doesn't go up. 
I don't want to see a phone inside my phone. It looks really bad and it will look dated as soon as the frame you use starts getting old. 
No, no. This is not a whataboutism. That would be saying that it's the same.

We are not killing Spaniards or declaring a war, we are trying to vote peacefully. I'm trying to make you see that *this* is the way it should be done. 
I just checked and there are at least 2 apps to know where to vote. 
Yo tengo mucho respeto por la tierra de mi família (mi lado materno es de Granada), pero sólo necesitas buscar "catalanes" o similar en Twitter para ver que hay insultos y amenazas muy graves que van y vienen *por todos los lados*.

No creas que los catalanes os odian, igual que yo sé que los andaluces no nos odian a nosotros.

No podemos generalizar las palabras o acciones de algunos para crearnos una idea de los "otros". 
In what sense? How is previewing software a plus for a rival platform?

It's a new SDK that is going to be available in the future for us developers. Right now they only made sure to get it running on a couple of devices.

I seriously fail to see how it relates to Apple in a different way than "we got that, you don't, you bad, we good".

This was a discussion about price. Isn't the [OnePlus 5 about half the price of the iPhone 8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SMWsoi2nyc)? (It is in Spain, at least). Do you think it is twice as good?

The chipset *definitely* is **a lot** better. Too bad the OS is not optimized.
But if you're so informed, how come you don't even know that the **EARLY PREVIEW** has been enabled only for a few selected devices, but the release version will be different?

> **ARCore is designed to work on a wide variety of qualified Android phones running N and later**. During the SDK preview, ARCore supports the following devices:

> Google Pixel and Pixel XL  
Samsung Galaxy S8 (SM-G950U, SM-G950N, SM-G950F, SM-G950FD, SM-G950W, SM-G950U1)


https://developers.google.com/ar/discover/

If *you* want to go by released software, new iOS releases cripple current and older iPhones. I would rather deal with an older, still fast version of Android with the Support Libraries than with a slow and buggy brick.

If you don't know what the Support Library is, it let me use some Android 8.0 features in an Android 4.1.2 Galaxy Express from 2013. It doesn't backport everything, but it gives new life to already forgotten phones instead of slowing them even more so you buy a new one.
I'm not questioning you, I'm questioning Russia :P
That's just adorable. 
But both the catalan movement and the current central government stance are pretty old already. Russia has had 0 influence on any of them. Nobody has suddenly changed their mind recently. 
Follow the links. Are those not valid? 
Are you talking about the early preview of an unreleased platform? Is that the metric you use for phones? 
Yeah, let's reunite kingdoms! I hear there was an independentist group around 1776 who did not follow due legal procedure, we should revisit that.

Oh, no, wait... That was legally fought as a *war*. That's cool. Those voters of today should be imprisoned, though. 
Yeah, I just saw a thread mentioning that and facepalmed. Who are the Russians supposed to be helping? 
Putin time travelled to implant the idea of an independent Catalonia on Ramon Berenguer.

He didn't speak Russian, though, so that was a problem. 
Hopefully not. 
The central government knows that the result is going to be overwhelmingly "yes". That's why they can only attack the legitimacy of the vote.

Note: I'm so sure about the result because most people against independence will not be voting at all. 
That sample of 1 phone sure proves that the hundreds of available models are expensive. 
Yep, Apple is catching up! 
I did not know that the party politicians are counted by millions. We're back to square one because you can't read. 
You don't see evidence that people from the party have defended Franco, have defended the dictatorship, pose with *that* flag and do the nazi salute?

How about looking at reality for once? 
I made the mistake of Googling for a picture. Oh, God.
> show me the numbers that say that PP voters are all fascist and would vote for a dictatorship.

No, that's stupid. I only talked about the political party.
It's mostly a political issue for the rest of Spain, though. Most people won't really give a rat's ass about this issue.

Hell, I very recently went around Castilla y León for a few days, never being shy about answering where I'm from and absolutely nobody had any problem with me being catalan. I *did* overhear some conversations about Cataluña in restaurants, but they were never insulting or offensive.

I'm getting off topic I guess, but what I wanted to say is: "Please, don't judge citizens for the actions of our politicians".
> This thing is always brought up and it bothers me. We do not live under Franco anymore, even though many people try very hard to make it seem like we do.

Yes, the ruling party Partido Popular. They wish Franco was still alive.

http://kaosenlared.net/dossier-especial-en-constante-actualizacion-el-pp-y-su-apologia-del-fascismo-y-el-franquismo-2/

How about a nazi salute? http://www.eldiario.es/politica/PP-dimitio-burlarse-victimas-franquismo_0_399310347.html
Hey, good luck to you and your father!

If it helps in any way, all the messaging groups I'm hearing from are very explicit about no one using violence for anything. Stress will probably be his biggest trouble.

Let's hope it all goes as smooth as possible.
The way you guys talk about non apple sanctioned chargers makes me believe that either all of them will fry any apple product they charge or all apple products are made to self destroy ok contact with them.

Look at you, at the guy I replied to and to many other messages from years ago to now: every single time there is a problem with a battery you will see off brand chargers mentioned.

Now, think for a second: if off brand chargers killed devices no one would buy them. End of story.

Fake Chinese chargers are the ones that kill devices... But those usually try to emulate the apple ones, so you're safer with a clearly off brand one. 
Esto no es de hace 8 días? 
Would you find it ok in any way if the iPhone killed itself if you charged it with a non Apple charger?
Are there plans for an API so we can create apps that actually interact somewhat with the game and are not just guides and similar?
The show is great. Online fandoms will always degrade to a giant turd, it's now Rick and Morty's turn to suffer this.

To be honest though, I have only seen memes about this whole situation, never anyone actually believing they are smart because they watch the show. 
Uuuhhhh... I find my 1440x2560 phone screen a bit crisper than my 1080p TV for thumbnails and descriptions. Sure, actually watching the content is better on a big screen, but a phone is the best browser available nowadays.
Te olvidas de los que van soltando eso de "lo siento por los catalanes de bien, pero que les maten a todos y ya".

Pues fale.
> Y eso de votar en paz... en fin, es como tener unos inquilinos de una comunidad de vecinos que le ha dado por vallar el patio comunitario, saltándose la opinión de la comunidad y su presidente y votar la moción solamente con la gente de su casa. Referendum SI, pero para TODOS los españoles.

O votar por salirse de una comunidad de vecinos que les hacen pagar religiosamente pero cuando toca hacer reparaciones sólo se hacen en los pisos del presidente de la comunidad.

Fuera ejemplo tonto, yo he estado sin bombilla en el pasillo durante meses porque como había ascensor a nadie le molestaba que sólo un rincón estuviera a oscuras. Sólo a quien tenga que meter la llave en la cerradura de la puerta de mi casa. Eso sí, me dejaron bien claro que no podía reparar nada por mi cuenta.
> I want to be able to go to an interface on the television and do all of the show picking and stuff on there.

Because pressing buttons on a small remote is much better than using a touchscreen phone.
> I was using HTC phones back when Sense UI was awfully slow. It was the number one criticism of HTC back then. It has improved a lot since.
> From HTC alone I've had the One X, M8 & A9.

So you haven't tried the Hero, Tattoo or Desire? Back *then* it was slow. I didn't update from my HTC ADP1 until the Nexus One came out *without* HTC Sense because it was SLOW. In caps. That's how slow it was.

Also, I tried Hero roms in my ADP1 for fun, repartitioning and mounting the SD as internal memory. I miss those days.
Cute bot
>"En Cataluña no hay libertad de expresión. Te señalan si estás en contra de la independencia"

Que nadie tenga dudas. Eso es mentira. 
Maybe they see people like you and prefer a slow death over so much pretentiousness. 
Yep. Security forces *are* preparing for war. Catalans just want to vote, though. They might sing, too. I don't think there's going to be any "battle".

I don't think I'll get to vote, either. 
They were kicking you out, maybe they needed the table or wanted to close. The nicer way to get you to ask for the bill is asking you if you want coffee, dessert or *anything else*. 
https://youtu.be/FZ1st1Vw2kY
Gladiator. 
I see four on every game so there's at least that. 
Google Maps for Android has had it since at least 2012.
Have you tried a factory reset? It's the magic solution in the computer world :P
>  I think it drains a bit more battery as well

You're probably right: http://bgr.com/2017/09/22/ios-11-battery-drain-iphone-ipad-apple/
It has an apple on it.
You should talk to [this guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/72mxgd/ios_11_adoption_is_now_25_a_week_after_launch/dnk4y0x/), he got iOS 11 running perfectly smooth on his older iPhone. And I guess he wouldn't lie just to win an argument.
> Might wake up one morning and suddenly no more pixel, they end support early and you’re left in the dust while Google chases something else to abandon.

We woke up to no more Nexus devices last year and the ones we've got in the office are running Android 8. Not bad for an abandoned product, I guess.
>Don’t forget Android One: this time we swear guys!!  
(Can’t really complain on the budget or midrange Android devices, though.

But Android One *is* a budget spec for third party hardware manufacturers to follow.
Google Play Edition phones: Non Google phones with stock Android sold through the Play Store.  
Android Silver: Rumor / nonexistant / cancelled line.  
Android One: A phone hardware specification for low end devices (for countries with lower income).  
Android Go: A lighter version of the OS for even lower end devices (you guessed it, not for you if you're buying current year iPhones)

Now for the real Google Phones that Google has sold as their own:  
Nexus: One, Galaxy Nexus, 4, 5, 5S + 6P
Pixel: (exactly one year after the last Nexus as if this was, let's call it "*a successor*") Pixel + Pixel XL, soon Pixel 2 + Pixel 2 XL

The problem is not that Google "quickly abandons projects", it's that you don't know what you're talking about.
Si esos números son correctos de esos 1000, ¿[835 son del Partido Popular](https://www.elplural.com/2016/05/30/los-31-casos-con-sus-835-imputados-que-acorralan-al-pp)?

Algo no cuadra. ¿Los de Catalunya no deberían ser más bien partidos que hayan estado en el poder?

¿Acaso alguien ha quitado un par o dos u ochocientos políticos del resto de España para aparentar algo?
This doesn't matter much because anyone can understand you, but the region is called Catalonia and we the people are called Catalans :) 
The flag and anthem brainwashing is an American thing. Look at the rest of the world cringing at that obsession.

Mandated patriotism is weird in non-dictatorships. 
This is still retarded. Why limit it at all? 
*How* do you import the images?
Un grupo atacó a una persona, el otro a un objeto.

¿Jugamos a las diferencias? 
*Bollycao
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schr%C3%B6dinger%27s_cat

It's pretty popular (as in "known", my English is failing me right now), so it's being referenced more and more in pop culture. I bet there's a bunch of mentions, name drops or bad jokes with it in the big bang theory. 
Unless you're from the city of Barcelona, but then you could be a pixapins too. Or a camacu. 
The **XB**ox **O**ne **X** at least makes some sense once you think about it. 
Fuck. I'm late to the joke.
That's a nice racism you've got there. Is it that hard to view people as *anything* else than their skin color? 
Nowadays racist is used as xenophobic. 
Lo ideal sería que no mandaran tropas como si fuéramos el enemigo.

Tal vez, si no bloquearan todos los intentos de hacer el referendum legalmente no se habría hecho como se ha hecho.

Rajoy lleva años sin siquiera dar la cara más que con pantallas de plasma y ahora le entran las prisas al inútil. 
Ahí no llevan a los detenidos, con eso vienen los agentes armados buscando pelea. Es un poco diferente. 
It's not a Google thing. If that's freaky for you, SwiftKey would blow your mind. Imagine that working on three languages at the same time, natively on your keyboard (no internet required).

*Not* using contextual clues to figure out what you meant is now the weird thing to do. 
You got me there. This meaning that I am now physically in your possession. 
They are definitely ladies, though. 
First, a note: Catalan is someone or something from Catalonia.

You can read about the history of our land before Spain existed in the Wikipedia page: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catalonia

There is a mix of history, economy, old resentment and current very real hate coming from the rest of the country between the reasons why the catalan people want independence.

Having said that, I'm catalan and if we get to vote (my money is on armed people physically stopping voters) I'd vote "no". 
If you take away *all* blame from someone when they fail they will never learn. She isn't blameless, I'm pretty sure. 
I sometimes *shit on God and the whore that is his mother* (me cago en Dios y en su puta madre).

But shitting on things is only one of many, you can start reading this post from an outsider point of view: https://youngadventuress.com/2012/12/swear-spanish.html
"But Android phones have tons of ram because it's unoptimized and multitasking".

Yeah, it's definitely a case of "software needing more hardware than is available". 
Back then, every Apple fan was saying "Apple doesn't need a fast CPU because the OS is *perfectly* optimized for the hardware".

Right now Apple is using the best mobile CPUs in the world and the iPhone 6 is sluggy with this latest perfectly optimized (for the fastest CPU available) iOS 11.

Enjoy your stuff, forget haters.
Android is an Operating System, not a hardware manufacturer.
> The following post is meant to be humerous. Don’t take this seriously. Just enjoy the ride.

http://www.bonedisease.info/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/humerus-ulnar-and-radius-bone-anatomy-1004x1024.jpg
Busca trabajo como junior a media jornada mientras te sacas la carrera, esto te dará dos salidas: o acabas la carrera y pasas a tiempo completo o te echan de la carrera y tienes como mínimo experiencia laboral de programador (y probablemente el trabajo, si lo haces bien).
He put every Spanish sentence in quotes too, what a coincidence. 
That's like calling "could of" a typo. It's not, you're lying, just fix it and don't do that next time.

Also, getting the genders wrong is **the** stereotype of foreigners learning Spanish. 
And catalan. 
As long as the rapist is American it doesn't count. 'Murica. 
You should check out what a "civilized country" is and look at our gun death rates, including criminals. 
You sound like a great Christian. 
Look, froggie: you *stop* him with violence if you need to. But you *stop* him. No kill. Knock him out and let the police deal with his ass. 
You just need to look at the cpu part and then at real world cpu benchmarks. Numbers mean nothing, real life matters.

Iphones have great cpus and cameras.
Or don't murder him and just knock the shit out of him. But what do I know? I'm not a psycho. You do you. 
You don't need guns when he can't get a gun, either. I wouldn't mess with a psycho like this if I knew he could be carrying a hidden gun. 
>because Pewds used it to insult someone it's massively different? 

That should be exactly the reason why one is seen as bad and the other should be ignored. Intent matters. 
Yeeeeeeeah, when one is "egg" and the other is "black" you can definitely see a problem.

I won't try and create a scientific paper on the difference between "silly stuff" and an offensive racial slur. You can't even replace one with the other in a sentence. 
No.
No. Huevadas comes from "huevo" while nigger probably comes from a badly pronounced "negro". 0 relation, someone was messing with Google Translate (you can propose your own translation for any word or phrase). 
You do that by being sensible with battery usage. Step one: lower brightness. Step two: reduce screen on time. 
Modern batteries with no charge will not boot up. You're comparing different products.

Current batteries are not sold with charge because it's cool, it's because otherwise the product will be dead on arrival.

You can of course make up anything to sell more. I, for example, programmed my phone to stop charging when it reaches 100% because I like round numbers and I don't want it to go any higher. 
Why should catalan independence have anything to do with "not-catalonia"? Valencia, the Balearic Islands and especially the independent country of Andorra can do whatever they please and they have no reason to follow any of Catalonia's orders or decisions.

Americans speak English, why did *they* separate from the United Kingdom?

Language is just one factor in all this mess. 
I never once mentioned pewdiepie. 
Saying bad words for humor is not a white people thing. It's a people thing. 
You should be able to get Movistar+ only. I had it a while ago and it was the only product I had with them.

I dug a bit through their shitty site and I *think* that this is the correct link for Movistar+ only: http://www.movistar.es/particulares/television/movistar-imagenio/

If you can, I greatly encourage you to call them, to be sure that you only get what you want and ask for any kind of hidden costs or minimum contract length or whatever they are into these days. 
That's most probably because of the difference in sun exposure we get. If you stayed here during August you would have a hard time calling the English and German tourists "white" (hint: we call them "shrimp").

And yeah, most of the country was invaded my the moors for *centuries*, you can still tell from many words in our language and our architecture from those years. Skin color didn't stay, though. It's easy to tell who's from Northern Africa. 
Samsung uses better displays because they are better. Just like LG is doing and like other manufacturers who are not limited by @2x or @3x bullshit.

You're thinking of Pentile and I bet you haven't had one closer than a few meters from you if you think they are blurry. 
You mean that it looks worse at non native resolutions and it looks fine at the native resolution? Oh my, someone should notify the president! 
Good bot
¿Qué delitos ha cometido? 
Ah, I screwed up, it's the anus. And it's not used here in Spain :P
If my semen was ink

And your anus an inkwell

With the tip of my dick

I would write "I love you" 
It will have a little fedora on top.

(J/k, I had to. I'm sorry :P) 
That's not being leftist though. That's being retarded. 
Ojalá algún día tengáis sólo los problemas que tenemos aquí en Catalunya. Mucha suerte! :) 
Pero como no tengo ni idea de si el Xanax es pastilla, sobre efervescente o un chupito de anís reetiquetado lo llamo lo que es: una droga.

Me estás discutiendo llamar animal a un perro porque es de la familia de los cánidos. Muy bien, un pin para ti. Sigue siendo un animal. Y el Xanax una droga. 
Todos son drogas. Estas son legales. 
Las drogas se toman, no se comen.
You're confusing ceceo with distinción.

Ceceo: zapatoz  
Seseo: sapatos  
Distinción: zapatos

American Spanish speakers cannot distinguish between "two twelves" and "two twos" because of *their* "speech impediment" (which it isn't, it's just how they fucking speak).

Drop this shit, you sound retarded. 
Shocker: different languages use different sounds for the same character. More news at 11.
https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Refer%C3%A9ndum_sobre_la_independencia_de_Catalu%C3%B1a_de_2017

Es un arma política para ganar votos, por parte de ambos bandos. La cosa no está tan mal.
Catalonia would not be independent if yes won, we would just be telling our government that we want it.

I don't want it, though, so if we end up voting I'll vote "no". 
American laws put street pissers on the same level as kid touchers. That stupid fact makes me *not* see American "sex offenders" as exclusively *sex offenders*, even if that sounds fucking weird.

You drunkly pissed outside once many years ago? Go die on the hurricane, you pervert. 
Can you list the similarities with Brexit? I can only see the fact that it's going to be people voting. 
Now they *do* have experience to help the next dog :) 
The Mega Drive was 16 bit, though. You should be able to tell the difference between a Master System's game and this. 
Hi! The main ESO subreddit is /r/elderscrollsonline :) 
Pues yo vivo en Cataluña y nadie me va diciendo cosas por la calle sobre la independencia. Quién se te pone pesado? Los periódicos que compras o los canales de televisión que sintonizas? 
There was no skin color in the original post. I *do* see a racist, though. 
Some shootings, some violence... Nothing toxic, of course. Let's link some Infowars, that's a reliable source.

You're delusional. 
Es muy de hijo de puta culpar a los Mossos del atentado, pero no se puede esperar mucho más de la derecha rancia.

A los que creéis que Cataluña odia a todos los españoles, leed esto y pensad "me sentaría bien que me trataran así constantemente?".

La prensa de mierda como esta sólo busca dividir. 
Thank you! One last question if you don't mind. What is the "daily XP" the that you get at dawn during missions? I have seen that bar fill once or twice in the same mission but then in the end I'll get next to no commander XP. 
What exp do I get from doing a lvl 15, 14 day mission? I started playing two weeks ago and I still don't *get* how XP and levels work in this game. 

My lightning thingy is 25 and it goes up by 3 or 4 when I'm in group. I got 0 XP (I think?) from a 14 day mission. You're saying that my hero got some XP? Can I level it to max without using hero XP cards? 
I can only focus on the abysmal framerate on the left side. 
> 40% of my latest app's user base does not speak english. So, translate your apps or you are going to annoy people who are already sick of not finding apps that are in their language

No. This is OK for a text, but not for buttons, labels or anything that could be seen as "partial" text.

Most machine translated apps are an instant 1* and uninstall from me because I cannot understand what some texts are even trying to resemble.

A small example from "Fortnite" (PC game): There is a part where you can get a message saying "{Player} has activated an encampment" or "You have activated an encampment". In Spanish the "you" version says "You've got you have activated an encampment", because they used "you have" as "tienes" probably because it is internally split in two strings (who did it) + (what happened) and "to have" doesn't have a single exact translation in Spanish.

Machine translations are a double edged sword with an extra edge on the pommel.

In one of my apps I added a language selector, in case someone wasn't happy with the community translation for their language (from Crowdin).
HL2 ep3 was canned. They said so. It's completely different from DNF. 
No, Duke Nukem Forever was announced, shown and pre-ordered for like 10 years before it was actually released. Half life 3 has never existed for all we know. 
https://es.hboespana.com

The first month is free, you can cancel anytime, game of Thrones gets simultaneous release with the USA, you can watch the episode in English too. 

You won't have any problem 👍
I wanted 7.1, though... adding shortcuts to my apps but not being able to use them myself *sucks*.
I had severe burn in on my LG G5 (I'm talking about 1 to 2 hours until the screen was clean again, with just 5 seconds needed to "burn" the screen) and after two visits to LG's repair center they sent me a new one that didn't have the issue! Yay!.

A month later, it's doing the same. I'm considering asking for another replacement and selling it as brand new to buy a better phone.
Menuda cara de imbecil tiene el pavo este. 
El español de Colombia me suena más neutro que el de México, pero a lo mejor es sólo que se parece más al de aquí. 
The moment: https://youtu.be/6LLSDn3_TfE  
The full speech: https://youtu.be/SAAgmmv3m_k
> When i use ios, some simple things seem more difficult, but it's because there was a much faster way to do it, i just didn't know how to do it that way

Have you tried triple tapping with four fingers?

> Abouyaaqoub, wearing a fake explosive belt, is reported to have shouted "Allahu Akbar" ("God is Greatest").

They were completely justified in shooting to kill.

The police here in Spain is definitely **not** trigger happy.
In ten years you will look at yourself and think "I'm still young!". You are now *very* young, so that's why older people call you a kid. Enjoy and embrace it, being a kid is not something bad.
That's only because you don't know how they work. 

And of course they are not pedestrian friendly, pedestrians should not walk through the middle of two roads crossing. 
That is not how it works. You can try to come yourself and see how much paperwork you will need to stay. 
Shit is worse than vomit. More news at 11.
Don't listen to Trump. 
Big al says dogs can't look up!
Cars are tools. Guns are weapons. There is a difference. Look at the amount of shootings in Spain and compare it to the USA. That is why guns should be heavily regulated.

Before your mouth foams out of rage, you should know that you *can* get gun permits in Spain and and you *can* buy guns, we just don't masturbate at the sight of a rifle.
No. That's exceedingly stupid.
The one in custody died.
Correct. And this is not about independence, they only operate in Catalonia. They *are* a Catalan force exclusively. 
Am I lying? 
Has it reached 20 already? Last I looked it was over a dozen. 

That is horrible. 
"Nazis in the US". That's too funny. How the fuck can people go from jerking themselves over their own army beating the Nazis to joining them?

And it's not even "joining", it's just taking their name!
How many of the terrorists were refugees running away from a war torn country? Because what I saw was people coming from Spain itself, France and maybe Morocco.

No refugees, just religious extremists.
How do you feel about the tons of serial murderers going on shooting sprees in your country? You can't event deport them, since it's your local idiots murdering fellow citizens.

Who am I kidding? You're so used to it you don't event know how many **SCHOOL SHOOTINGS** there have been this year in the USA. The bolding is because it's mind boggling to non americans. Fucking school shootings. Fuck's sake.
*Hijos de puta
Spain is not in America.
Yeah, it's religious. It's not from the refugees, though. 

Ban religion. 
It has been 13 and climbing for two hours, though. 
2 of them are detained, but yeah, the police probably didn't look at them out of fear. 
Apparently, one. 
There is no capital punishment in Spain. 
Your side and today's terrorists side are the same. 
If anyone needs translation:

> No hay nadie atrincherado en ningún bar del centro de #Barcelona. Hay un hombre detenido y lo tratamos como atentado terorista

> There is no one entrenched in any bar of the center of Barcelona. There is one man detained and we treat this as a terrorist attack. 
When opinions are the same without even looking at what's happening they *should* be stopped. You're just using dead people for propaganda. 
The terrorist is not a refugee. So fuck your xenophobia. And fuck you. 
There's not much you can do. Even if you were physically in Barcelona at most you could donate blood. 
Fuck trumpets. Go masturbate on your own dead people, monster. 
Islam is not a country. 
Yeah, I was confused and thought he was one of the guys in the van. 
Really? I just heard that they know about him because of his passport (left in the van?), but that the two terrorists have escaped. 
Do you really think we had full coverage of Charlottesville here in Spain? 

Leave your shitty politics ok that side of the ocean, please. 
There is little difference between hardcore Trump supporters and ISIS soldiers, yes, but I don't think the American ones could find Spain on the map to get here. 
*Confirmed* dead, yes. The way he said it it definitely sounded like "we know there are more dead people, but the paperwork is not done yet". 
It was confirmed as terrorism in Spanish media even before we know anything about the perpetrators. 
Why would a Catalonian separatist kill people in the capital of his country? 
She said it would be easy for her to kill her and take her place if she wanted... Then she gave away her weapon and turned her back showing her blind trust on her sister. 

She's trying to convince Sansa that she's with her. 
The episode was up for an hour at 4 am. People were sleeping. 
How do you know that they have the hardware required for that? 
The next 71 minute long episode of game of Thrones was released by mistake **for an hour** at 4 am local time. Some people expected this to mean that everyone would be awake and ready to record it. Since no one could immediately upload it, panties got rustled. 
Yeah. Point them to their residences. Nuke their homes! 
The stream was up for an hour. The episode is an hour long. How do you prepare for hours at 4 am without warning in this case? 
What time was it in Spain when it aired? 
A quick Google search showed me that the price of insulin tripled in Spain in the last few years. It's now up to 600€... Per year. 

You should consider moving. 
"I'm from Europe" + "heritage" = I'm not from Europe. 
Trumpets will label neckbeards as SJW's since they put women in a pedestal (m'lady and all that crap until they are "wronged", you know what I mean).

Neckbeards are the one thing in common between the right and the left: everyone laughs at them and tries to label them as "the enemy".
Nah. There are still neckbeards. You're just labeling anyone you don't like as neckbeards. 

They are different flavors of idiots and they usually hate and mock each other, I wouldn't label them the same. 
Source? 
Has mirado si Amazon España envía a EEUU? 

https://www.amazon.es/dp/B01LZNW709/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awdb_JHFIzb1YTZN2G
Or... App developer? I've had 5 or 6 different phones together just to test. 
If you're melting at 37°, stay away from my car in August: http://i.imgur.com/Wf7VAYAh.jpg

It went down to 39° after 30 minutes with the A/C at full blast. 

In other news, I need to shower after every car ride. 
Waiters aren't usually chatty around here, unless it's a small place and they know the customer already. You will probably notice that in restaurants you'll often have to call for them if you want something instead of being constantly asked if everything is OK and if you need anything else. 

I'm not sure how it is in Australia (you're from there, right?) but if you're used to a tipping culture what you're seeing may be the difference between a waiter playing a role to get more tips and a waiter waiting tables. 

Also, as others have said here: use a positive smile (not a scary grin), say please and thank you and remember that they might not be used to small talk.
Did it hurt when you hit your head as a child? 

He already said he's in Asturias, you don't need to spew your xenophobia over here, dumbass. 
Cool, thanks for explaining :).

I'm in the side that doesn't give a damn, too.
I see atheist as someone who is sure that there is not god. If he doesn't even think about he's probably closer to agnostic. 
He's trying to corrupt Sansa's mind. He hasn't done anything bad yet because Sansa can't forgive his past sins. He wants her as a puppet ruler. 
Please and thank you is all you need. They know you are going to order, you don't need to apologize for doing so. 
`public void onBackPressed() {
 }`

Black magic, I tell you. 
Google recommends always using the latest version as target. Then you choose the minsdk depending on what you need and can't be done with the support libraries. 

Having minsdk == target is never a good idea. 
He's not wrong. 
It wasn't that, there was some personal guild drama that I wanted to stay away from for a while. 
I stopped playing about a month or two ago. I'll probably be back in one or two more months, though. 

I will probably update the new sets before I add the Warden. Adding skills takes a lot longer. 
.....,,,,,, 

Toma, unos cuantos. Veo que te faltan. 
I think Caulifla is meant to be a Goku-level fighting prodigy. She might not be as strong as him but she's copying transformations by seeing them once, just like Goku copied the Kamehameha when that mountain was burning (I'd be more specific but I haven't watched the original Dragon Ball in decades). 
He's just a retarded piece of shit, dumb stuff like that simply escapes on its own. 
>Mi profe es de España así a veces hablo con ceceo (en accidente)

Ceceo is saying "salsa" as "zalza". Seseo is saying "cerveza" as "servesa". Distinción is when you can tell the difference between "casa" and "caza". 

The three of them are found in Spain, while only seseo is common in America. 

Just trying to help if you were confusing distinción with ceceo or even a lisp, which happens a lot over there :P
Well, my dog has been bitten twice on the back of his neck by larger dogs and he's alive by miracle. This thing would have worked wonders. 
Yeah, for telling her that I was saying the same, but trying not to get misunderstood again. Did any of you try Google translate? 

You people are *special*. 
You no understand me. I try different language. This be hard. 
Ya, perdona que usara una palabra que se pudiera malinterpretar fácilmente en mi tercer idioma, mejor uso mi lengua nativa para que no haya más malentendidos: en ningún momento he dicho que lo que ha hecho estuviera **bien**, sólo he dicho que podría haber sido peor. Eso justifica algo? Ni de coña. Morir es una mierda, pero morir rápido es menos malo que morir lentamente dentro de un coche tras un accidente, por ejemplo. 

Si ya ni así me entiendes te hago un croquis. 
You should really investigate into this mysterious concept of "different levels of bad" and "not everything is just black or white". Shit, man, chill. 
I know, I know. Expecting a response is the first mistake in a dating app. But once you screwed up there are ways to make it worse... and he's a superstar at that. 
I only saw the first 7 and then July 20 and thought "he waited a couple weeks, it's not *that* bad". Then I saw the backwards date format. This man is thirsty. 
He's being targeted for how he acts, his morality and his goals, not for the color of his skin. 

One guy said:

>I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.

Don't make skin color an invulnerability card. 
So much butthurt. Is it because of the inhumane incarceration rate in your country or because of the record shattering murder rate? #1! 
That's unlikely, he lived in the civilized world. 
Yeah, I don't get how his Bulgarian dictionary didn't pick up that English word. 
Adjusted the values and bonuses of most Weapon Traits in the following ways, with the listed values being for Two-Handed, gold-quality items:

**Decisive**: Increased the chance to generate one additional Ultimate to 40% from 34%.

**Defending**: Reduced the Spell and Physical Resistance granted to 2752 from 5160.

**Infused**: Increased the bonus value granted to the applied enchantment to 30% from 20%, and increased the cooldown reduction to the applied enchantment to 50% from 40%.

**Nirnhorned**: Increased the bonus to the weapon’s damage to 15% from 11%.

**Powered**: Increased the bonus to healing done to 9% from 7%.

**Precise**: Increased the Critical Strike Chance granted to 9% from 7%.

**Sharpened**: Reduced the Spell and Physical Penetration granted to 2752 from 5160.

**Charged, Intricate, Ornate, and Training** remain unchanged.

The **Prosperous** Armor Trait has been re-designed to give it a combat function. It now grants 11 Health, Magicka, and Stamina Recovery as a gold-quality item, instead of gold gain.

https://www.ceddit.com/r/GamerGhazi/comments/6n89u4/slug/dk7njr3

[Image mirror](http://i.imgur.com/JudzoYr.png)

His name *was* ethnonationalist. 
Meh. 
I saw it in this year's Mobile World Congress, in Barcelona. They are probably starting to show it around :) 
https://youtu.be/d2FGgYp6mdk
Is it free or paid? With microtransactions? 

I don't mind paying a few euros if I don't need to wait hours between game sessions because I don't have enough "energy"... 
So a hit list? Is he crazy? 
>plus this idiot does know a site like that could get him in extremely deep legal hot water right? this is the kind of site that one person could effectively sue him for everything he owns , even the clothes off his back.

Why? What was the site about? 
Joe María Aznar... I heard he got along well with Antonio Blair. 
He definitely looks middle eastern and Asian. 
Oh, cool, he was fired. I guess his bullying was worth it then.
What about bullying children if they resist American brainwashing?

http://www.bizpacreview.com/2014/09/19/parents-of-6-year-old-say-hes-being-bullied-for-not-saying-the-pledge-of-allegiance-146533  
http://toprightnews.com/student-claims-teacher-bullied-her-for-refusing-to-stand-for-the-pledge-of-allegiance/  
http://www.thedailybeast.com/mini-kaepernicks-sit-out-the-pledge-of-allegiancebut-not-all-teachers-know-the-law  
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/our-humanity-naturally/201411/pledge-allegiance-has-become-nightmare-many-kids  
http://nypost.com/2017/03/23/teacher-fired-for-bullying-student-who-didnt-stand-during-pledge/  
http://www.salon.com/2013/11/08/forcing_kids_to_say_the_pledge_of_allegiance_is_bullying_and_pointless/  
http://www.wmur.com/article/middle-schooler-demands-apology-after-punishment-for-not-saying-pledge/5200376  
https://www.csmonitor.com/The-Culture/Family/Modern-Parenthood/2013/1107/Pledge-of-allegiance-controversy-When-a-teacher-becomes-the-bully-video  
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2314283/High-school-student-faces-suspension-standing-Pledge-Allegiance.html  


Yes, your fantastic "free speech" protects those children. In theory.
You guys will even flip out if a multimillionaire does anything else during your anthem. Even if he's *technically* free to ignore it, the whole country will attack him for a while for daring to speak his mind.

Again, you are not perfect. Until you see that, you're just a circlejerker who will never improve.
10 years in prison for covering a story in the US? [THE LAND OF THE FREE](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/23/two-journalists-trump-inauguration-protests-felony-riot-charges-evan-engel-alex-rubinstein)

We've all got shit on us. You're not exceptional. Find your flaws and try to fix them. If you always say that you're perfect you will never improve. 
Yeah, that is uniquely American. Right. 
That's just the standard applebot reply whenever Apple has lower *anything* than the rest. 

Look at his comment history, the dude keeps hating on Android instead of enjoying his superior iPhone. 
Tables are obviously femenine. Just look at them, all sexy and stuff. 
They are different languages within the same family, like English and German. 
Step 1: Read the source. There is no step 2.

Where did you get lost? 
Dude, you're deepthroating CNN's dick and you didn't even read what they wrote? 
>But I am beginning to think that this whole thread was a mistake.

No, it made me laugh 👌
They went full SJW with their "fight fire with fire" mentality. Fighting your perceived "good fight" does not mean that you can break the law, idiots.
I was curious, it's 2.485 × 10^-5 miles
I'm not trying to say that his shitposting *is* dangerous. My point is that the comic's picture was just another dumb shitpost. 
She was posing for a photographer, they were both idiots. I don't think any of them actually intended what you said. You just can't take the banter when it's against your hero. 
That sounds like a bug, I'll try to fix it when I get back with the app (I'm full of "real life" work at the moment) 
It's as dangerous and as scary as a weird woman posing with a fake head. Hypocrisy is bad, you know? 
I don't get it, is broadcasting symbolic violence against a named target good or bad? It's hard to follow your morals since this subreddit started sucking Trump's dick. 
Look north, maybe? 

Anyways, [read this](http://visionofhumanity.org/app/uploads/2017/06/GPI-2017-Report-1.pdf)
> this is just shitty gang violence that has been going on for ages

Do you realize how this sounds to people living in peaceful countries?
"Holiday island". Es que son subnormales, o algo así? 
>foriegin

That kind of aberrations are too common in English thanks to your cthulhu-based pronunciation rules. You can never be sure of what vowel is there or their order unless you see the written word. This is simply not the case in Spanish; if you can say it out loud, you can write it down. 
Skyrim, it's been too long without a new release. 

But seriously, the Shining Force series. 
It doesn't matter who he voted for if what he's saying is right. 
Yeah, it's obviously subjective. 
Garfield would be a boring, you mean. 
Normal tobacco smoke has poison in it *and* it smells like a week old turd. 

Weed just smells awful. 
Yep, it's the same region topping the list of debt **and** contribution to the state. Others top the list of unemployment, like Andalusia. 

Someone has to spend and make money in this country, I guess. 
Most (all?) antivirus in Android are scareware.

Do you have ads? They usually treat them as a "menace": Adware.
It sounds great :) 
Seeing this for the first time now, it looks like a fan made AMV. Was all the music in the series changed, too? 
Yeah, I haven't *seen* anything either, it's just that sadly... I don't expect much from the forocoches users, so I can't honestly say that there wasn't. 

I want to believe that the reason they gave for the cancellation is false and it was actually someone realizing that it was not legal to do that who cancelled it before there were legal repercussions. This would be the sane outcome. 
People on Twitter, I wasn't trying to attack you or anyone in here, I'm just confused with everyone's reaction (I'm a spaniard, I'm actually reading first hand both sides' tweets). 
It's not free, you paid for them with tour previous tips. 
I work from 8am to 5pm, with an hour for lunch whenever I feel like it and 15/30 mins for breakfast also whenever I start getting hungry early in the morning. 

Other poor suckers will be forced to take 3/4 hours for lunch and stay at work until 8 or 9pm, but that should be illegal. 
No m'lady, no convoluted language, no euphemisms... 0/10, not a neckbeard. 
The guys who planned to "troll" it are 4chan wannabees... Actual death or bomb threats are a possibility. 

It being illegal is also a possibility, but that won't make the harassment justified or ok in any way. 
The guys that do my neighborhood are pros: they will start at the end of a one way street and do it in reverse. 

It's an art. 
Hazte Oír viven en el milenio equivocado.
It is the exact same time for both actions. You just let go instead of drag. 
What extra step? After you hold for half a second on an icon you can either move your finger to drag the icon or not do anything to see the shortcuts. 
How is that any different to how it works on Android 7.1?
El carajo es el pene: http://dle.rae.es/srv/search?m=30&w=carajo
I like the better option: Live in a country with police who care about citizens and don't go around murdering "criminal-skinned" people.

I'd terrified if our cops acted like American cops... 
Avoid [this](http://statics.memondo.com/p/s1/crs/2010/12/CR_76458_a5e79612c182450d88250fb37d791917_this_summer.jpg?cb=8471021) and you will be fine 👍
Trump even ruined neckbeards :(
I remember being pleasantly surprised with Lost Odyssey about 10 years ago. It might not look as good right now, but I remember it like it was a perfect, smooth, undetectable transition. 
That is enough projecting for a whole theater. Those are a different kind of asshole. 

Neckbeards were stereotyped as white knights overprotecting women, Japan weirdos and/or simply fat guys with bad hygiene and horrible beards. How is a fat bearded guy playing dnd an anti semetic racist sexist and xenophobic just for being a neckbeard? That's just applying labels to demonize anyone. 

When I see a neckbeard it's mostly a white knight fantasy kind, being the righteous social justice advocate and calling everyone racist and sexist. 

I guess we agree that they are not nice people, though. 
Yeah, in a romanic language it's easy to guess, but not in a germanic one ;P
You misspelled castefa. 
This guy is retarded, but how is that neckbeardy? 
Just kissing in the cheeks (literally, un/dos besos en las mejillas) or simply "kissing twice" (dame dos besos). We just do it, no naming :P
Yeah, we do that here in Spain too, but it's one or two only, not as many as in other countries... I didn't even know it had a name 😅

Human contact is good, though. If you're unsure and the other person is a good friend just go for the bear hug :P
Ooooh, I didn't know it had a name! Thank you! 
Do the what? 
*Tres comas. 
Armin eats Bertholt and becomes the colossal titan. 
That happens! If I get any kind of vague UI requirements I will flag the task, ask for an exact requirement and hop on any other project or task. I'd rather wait an hour or two weeks rather than doing it and then having to repeat it. 
No, it's without the space in between. 
Yies. 
Cartridges were the way to go. Instant load times, integrated saves without physical "memory card" DLC, drop and scratch resistant, no multi disk games, custom hardware included if the console wasn't powerful enough, oral system diagnostic routines if the game had trouble working... Those were the days. 
I think he wants to fuck. 
He might be just getting into the sport. 
If history begins when the Corona de Aragón was assimilated, then yes. There is absolutely no historical reason. After all, what are 6 centuries of *prehistoric* independence? 

That is exactly why Gibraltar should never become Spanish, there is absolutely no history of it belonging to us. 

I am *against* catalan independence (I believe we would not be able to join the EU and we'd be fucked), but denying our history is extremely unfair. 
You have no idea how confused I was when I read your reply before reading the context. 🤣
Religion. Everyone is born with the original sin. Because fuck you, apparently. 
The car driver could have swerved to avoid hitting him and killed himself and whoever was in the car next to him.
>  buuuut I'm just saying I have doubt the driver carried any guilt from the incident.

Should he? Driving wrecklessly at high speeds is pretty close to attempted murder in my eyes.
They don't remove the whole account, you just can't publish any more apps or *purchase anything* from Google. But you can still use everything else. 
"Fuck you, got mine", I guess. Usually shown in people who want to pay no taxes because it's giving money away that won't be used to improve only their own life.
"If that happened it's because they deserved it". My teacher, the next class after 9/11. And she didn't see anything wrong with that. 
In my office (Spanish) we call "SQLito", meaning "that ass".
Did she first contact him or did he voluntarily look for an illegal thing to do? Does that make it better for him? 
The kid hired a prostitute, offered less than negotiated when she got home, lied about his age and then reported her. 

*She* is the victim here if there is any.
Yeah, probably, or I read another comment and replied here. I need some rest. 
> Today Catalan is being forced... to be learnt, in schools. Cause you know, that's what fucking schools do. Haven't you noticed how Spanish is being forced also in Spanish schools? What a shame!

Do you actually go to school in Catalonia right now? Because the one that my nephew goes to does most classes in spanish because the foreigner kids do not understand catalan yet.

But keep repeating that lie, I bet it will become true if you repeat it often.
Don't you need a license? 
Oh, right. This sub is for mentally challenged people. 

I COME FROM EUROPE. I FOUND THIS ARTICLE ABOUT BRINGING RETARDENDESS TO EUROPE WITHOUT BEING SUBSCRIBED. YOU ARE ALL DUMB IF YOU THINK WE CARE ABOUT THIS HERE. 
One time reading a book I could not put down (Frankenstein, if anyone's curious). Another time reading again, but this time it was a long running comic, from the first issue to the last. The next time was when Kotor was released on the Xbox, I beat it twice without turning off the console. Another time I was at a lan party, everyone was taking turns to sleep without leaving the pcs unattended and I got distracted. 

There are many other times I've been coding until dawn and then I just thought "fuck it" and stood up until the next night. 

I need to control myself or I'll fuck my sleep cycles very easily. 
The second guard could have shot his buddy back to full health with a +1 blessed bullet, I guess. Guns solve everything. 
Hello from /r/popular! Look at our murder rates and gun deaths. We are good. Thanks. Good bye. 
Homophobia does not mean "fear of gay people", buddy. 
You're a good person and your dogs are lucky to have you. 
He's being xenophobic, not racist. Use the right words. 
So... Maybe some people wanted to listen to it. Clapping and cheering in a movie theater is barbaric. 
Thank you! :) 
Hi! Send me a pm with your Eso Toolkit username and I'll reset your password. 
So much *of what you know* about Spain's culture. 
Even with this dumb sign it's better than living in a place where you can go bankrupt for visiting a hospital. 
> **the advocacy of women's rights** on the basis of the equality of the sexes

> the doctrine advocating social, political, and all other **rights of women** equal to those of men.

"Feminism is for women, if you also care about men you should use a different word" (Not serious, it's just the reversal of what Maisie said).  
From an outsider's perspective (I'm not american, there are different "flavours" of feminism over here), today's most vocal feminists are the *bad kind* that will make men be wary of those who call themselves "feminist"; as a very recent example: my brother had to produce legal documents for a school that said that he got custody because they accused him of kidnapping his son, since the director could not accept the fact that a man can be a single parent.

IMHO we should:

* Fight for equal rights for everyone
* Ask for missing rights or privileges instead of trying to remove them from "the others"

Try to improve society for **everyone**, don't alienate people because of their skin color or *gender*.
And that's why some actors only use one liners. There's a better chance to get the cash prize that way. 

The more you know. 
Nah, I don't think there is any kind of animosity between Girona and Barça.
Sure, only two browsers support Apple's protocol and all the ones that don't are the equivalent of Internet Explorer, which was famous for implementing tons of proprietary shit that no one else used. 
> Last time I checked there was about one mass shooting a year, which is incredibly sad, but tell me how that compares to monthly terrorist attacks (and daily among themselves).
> 

Let me see:

June 5th, 2017: http://www.wesh.com/article/multiple-fatalities-in-orange-county-shooting/9975812  
June 4th, 2017: http://www.wwltv.com/news/crime/third-victim-dead-after-mid-city-shooting-that-left-multiple-people-injured/445735654  
June 4th, 2017: http://fox2now.com/2017/06/04/7-year-old-girl-dies-after-shooting-that-killed-3-others/  
June 3rd, 2017: http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/three-fatally-shot-and-one-wounded-in-north-st-louis/article_38192373-cb6c-5f39-980f-43c0e9da1c8f.html  
June 3rd, 2017: http://www.lmtonline.com/local/crime/article/LPD-Police-officers-involved-in-shootout-in-11192545.php  
May 30th, 2017: http://www.sunherald.com/news/local/crime/article153360134.html  
May 29th, 2017: https://www.dnainfo.com/new-york/20170529/west-village/west-14th-street-shooting-bicyclist  
May 28th, 2017: http://www.wtvm.com/story/35535373/12-people-shot-at-phenix-city-party-sunday-morning  
May 28th, 2017: https://www.usnews.com/news/best-states/new-jersey/articles/2017-05-28/paterson-nightclub-shooting-kills-1-injures-5  
May 28th, 2017: http://wjtv.com/2017/05/28/developing-learning-more-about-the-8-victims-killed-in-lincoln-county-shooting-spree/  
May 27th, 2017: http://wjla.com/news/local/police-1-dead-7-injured-in-nw-dc-shooting-over-memorial-day-weekend-2-suspects-wanted  
May 26th, 2017: http://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/community/miami-dade/miami-gardens/article152782524.html  
May 26th, 2017: http://www.scnow.com/news/state/wire/article_ea14a845-9c70-577c-a6c5-391273d12762.html  
May 22nd, 2017: http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/Shooting-Philadelphia-Gunman-Multiple-Victims-423393584.html  
May 21st, 2017: http://www.abc15.com/news/region-southeast-valley/mesa/breaking-2-people-shot-in-mesa-near-val-vistauniversity-drives-suspect-outstanding  
May 16th, 2017: http://yoursun.com/sunnews/sebring/12757895-699/story.html.csp  
May 14th, 2017: http://www.kait8.com/story/35424337/second-suspect-in-the-basement-shooting-extradited-back-to-craighead-co  
May 12th, 2017: http://www.nj.com/mercer/index.ssf/2017/05/trenton_man_arrested_after_30-hour_standoff.html#incart_river_index  
May 11th, 2017: http://cjonline.com/news/crime-courts/2017-05-11/man-charged-connection-triple-homicide-kansas-city  
May 11th, 2017: http://homicides.suntimes.com/2017/05/11/week-in-review-at-least-2-people-shot-to-death-in-chicago/  
May 10th, 2017: http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2017/05/suspect_charged_in_quadruple_s.html?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+flint_journal_news+%28Flint+Journal+News+-+MLive.com%29  
May 10th, 2017: http://wjla.com/news/local/second-suspect-arrested-in-moco-murder-also-wanted-in-fatal-carjacking-in-pg-county  
May 5th, 2017: http://www.news4jax.com/news/jso-4-shot-in-moncrief-park_  
May 3rd, 2017: http://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/19299166/former-nba-all-star-guard-brandon-roy-injured-california-shooting  
May 2nd, 2017: http://cjonline.com/news/local/crime-courts/2017-05-02/days-killings-friend-says-josh-gueary-was-paranoid-bought-gun  
May 2nd, 2017: http://www.cbs8.com/story/35298500/woman-killed-in-mass-shooting-identified-update-on-victims  
May 2nd, 2017: http://ktla.com/2017/05/02/lapd-seeking-publics-help-in-identifying-man-wanted-for-shooting-in-boyle-heights-that-left-1-dead-3-injured/  
April 30th, 2017: http://www.news4jax.com/news/several-injured-in-nw-jacksonville-attack  
April 30th, 2017: http://wpde.com/news/local/several-people-taken-to-the-hospital-after-loris-club-shooting  
April 30th, 2017: http://sacramento.cbslocal.com/2017/04/30/five-shot-at-sacramento-party-dispute/  
April 5th: 2017: http://www.pasadenastarnews.com/general-news/20170504/couple-suspected-of-carrying-out-random-shooting-rampage-in-whittier-la-mirada-charged-with-murder

Your country is a fucking warzone compared to Europe, even with **monthly** terror attacks.

Again, you turn a blind eye to the massacres in your own country while denouncing the ones in a different continent because a) they are not the **BEST COUNTRY IN THE WERLD** (xenophobic, nationalistic), b) they are brown (racist), or maybe c) you're dumb enough to believe the retarded president you voted for.

Look at statistics, even if we include the recent surge in terrorist attacks (I'm not saying they don't exist), it is still *a lot safer* to live here than in the United States of America. I'll still envy your country for other reasons, don't get me wrong, it's just that I believe that you are personally a retarded imbecile.
By completely misinterpreting the original message and trying to make it look bad when it was just a "there will be more police than usual for your safety, don't worry" instead of the "nothing's happening, just go on" that Trump read (if he can read). 

You voted for him because you look up to his intelligence, right? 
You only care because it's done by *brown people*, otherwise you'd be horrified at the number of mass shootings or school shootings happening inside the US. The "quiet guy as a school shooter" is so normalized that it's just a meme by now. And your dumbass president even has the guts to try to undermine the authority of the one trying to calm down the people. Please, focus on your **mass murderers** before pointing out other countries' problems.
Luckily all your killing is done by locals, instead of imported. At least the spilled blood is done in the name of race purity or gang reputation instead of a jihad. 

Sure, it's a lot more deaths. And yeah, things could be done to prevent them. But, you know, London has small scale terror attacks, let's focus on that. 
Yes, trying to provoke terror through Twitter is the best way to fight against terrorists. The rest of the world just doesn't understand the wonderful genius of Trump.
Those walls are obviously made of paper, maybe they thought that it was a kid blowing too hard again. 
Not when the user tries his best not to update. Like OP. 
It looks delicious!
Yeah, a non updated windows 7 machine. That will be the best, no possible problem at all. 

I would just update regularly, on your own terms instead of delaying until the OS gives up on you. 
Are there non topless beaches here in Europe? I though that there were only normal beaches (topless or not, do what you want, don't get fully nude) and nude ones. 
Menorca is like that, at least in the smaller beaches (I was in Es Grau, mostly, but my gf was a local and took me all around the island). 
I was in a job interview for a PHP dev position, I had just bought a Google ADP1, showed it to the interviewer and told him that I wanted to start developing for it. A new position was created and I was hired. Over 7 years later here I am :)
Why should you?
Please, explain how my nationality might make Trump smarter. 
> We believe in freedom of expression and speech, something a bit unique to our country.

Now you're just being ignorant. 

I never said that my country is even *good*. I would criticize it here on reddit too... If anyone here cared about it. 
If your American media didn't report on the Paris accord, congrats. It's shit. Ours did, but didn't even mention that tweet, I only heard about it on reddit and YouTube. 

I'll laugh at the clown as much as I please. 
Yep, as the owner of several multinational media corps I've given myself several raises over this. 

Because people laughing at an idiot *now* means that the other shit he does is accepted. You fool. 
Yeah, I don't know what it is about instant messaging apps, that people expect fast responses. They should come to my house and speak to me if they need anything right now. 
Maybe it's his influence acting on me. Damn, he's good! 
Yep, just like Androids. You can locate, make it ring, format or brick.
Don't worry, I'll let you know when our kids start shooting schools 👌
Nah, your through the roof murder rate, normalized racism and lack of free Healthcare do not affect us. We've got very different problems. You overestimate your "influence" and what it means. 
Yep, your country is fucked and we are all laughing at your president.
Oh, man, you're in for a discovery. Google "senile", it's not a word I made up. 

Older people can suddenly forget how to do stuff they have been doing for *decades*. It's unavoidable, if you brain starts to fail there is not much you can do. 
Does being born into a rich family make you smarter?
He made a typo, couldn't delete it, didn't finish the sentence and then published it. Over five hours later, when Google had more than 200k results for his typo he deleted the tweet. 

He is definitely not a sharp man. Not retarded, but getting closer to a senile old man every day. 
Why should they care about your phone? I don't think it works like that anywhere else in the world.
Neolanguage is funny. 
Ignore everyone, open world and dungeon chests as you please. The items you loot now are not deducted somehow from your future max level loot, but can be used or sold immediately.

The only thing you need to save are the Undaunted Keys, which you can get starting from level 40 and use them all once you're CP160.
If 3 are a ton, what do you call over a thousand brands with tens of thousands of different models?
>then there were also people from Columbia

Don't they speak English instead of Spanish in the USA? 

Now seriously, far too many Spaniards are afraid of learning new languages (and it is *hard* to socialize in a language you don't speak or are too shy to try to speak). My brother tried to remove his son from an English academy but my luckily my mother stopped him. Hopefully it will get better with time. 
Power tripping assholes, apparently. 
Unlike Apple, who transcribe the audio via ouija. 
What lives are worth more, those of Syrian scientists or the millions of uneducated and poor people of the United States of America?
Exactly this. Questions about "Spanish" will be answered by any kind person who sees it. Do your job, specify the dialect you want and your answers will be better. 

It's the same with everything in life, you wouldn't ask "how do I uninstall an app from a phone?" without specifying what phone you're talking about. 
Fuck you too, man. 
My Android app (ESO Toolkit) does exactly that, now :)
Uh... Because only Americans are white, right? 

Caucasian is wrong. *Anything*-American is worse. 

Say black, not African-American.
My tip: do not translate word by word, translate sentences.
Let's make a third type. Middle out fermented. What do you think? 
Breath of life is for a single, big heal. It is pure shit for constant group healing. Use healing springs for that, it stacks with itself, it's cheap and heals more than enough for any vet dungeon. 

You will also proc Bogdan a lot more than using BoL. 
If you're not sure of their gender use your language's neutral form. That way you'll never be wrong. 
What I don't get is the people calling *whites* racist or Spanish hating. As a white spaniard the obsession with skin color that people from the USA have is very confusing. 
[Castellfollit de la Roca](https://es.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Castellfullit_de_la_Roca)
Those are catalan cliffs, they don't collapse 👌
Unx se pronuncia "urrrrr zoi invezil".
Having tried both at the same time for the hell of it: no. They are not the same. At all. 

Most probably the cheap fucks are doubling the water ratio or some shit like that. 

Whatever the reason is, in the end it's a bad product (here in my area, remember) and I'll avoid it like the plague. 
A can of coke will taste much better than the syrup+water thingy that's usually also flat. 

It's still poison, but at least it tastes better. 
Eh, I'm just having fun. Spain is like this, we have people who can't take jokes and we've got pranksters who love jokes. Boring or fun, we got it! 
Do you honestly see the holocaust at the same level of a communist party governing in Eastern Germany? 

Maybe that is why we're not seeing eye to eye, I consider the Nazis "bad guys". 

>I could do other controversial, but harmless things that would not get me arrested in the U.S., but would get me into actual legal trouble in almost any European country

Like smoking marihuana, I guess. That's why the incarceration rate in the US is the lowest in the world. 
It wasn't actually Franco, but almost: http://www.eldiario.es/politica/Carrero-Blanco-condenado-carcel-Cassandra_0_627487875.html

It's unprecedented and unbelievable. 
You can have guns here. You just need to follow the law: http://www.guardiacivil.es/es/servicios/armasyexplosivo/controldearmas/autorizaci_armas/licencias_armas/ (this is for Spain, obviously) 
The nazi salute might be considered a very real death threat to Jewish people in Germany. I actually agree with that ban, it's not a "let's ban pepes" or "let's ban milk and the ok sign"... It's a ban of an actual salute to the person in charge of the party that committed genocide against millions of their own people. 

And that's only in Germany, go to any other European country and you will only get weird looks, but not arrested. 

Now, you should have talked about the girl who is going to prison for tweets mocking a long dead Spanish dictator. **That** is backwards and sad... But you can't expect much more from our right wing government :(
As far as I know, illegal aliens aren't actually covered here either. Non residents will get a bill for their treatment in public hospitals (I think!). 

I believe you didn't think about the people who don't go to the hospital for apparently small wounds because they are not insured or can't afford the co-pay right then or because they don't want to pay for what looks like it should be nothing. That untreated wound could then get infected and make you lose a limb. 

I also see the free healthcare as a way to make sure that one small, free visit avoids way bigger problems in the future. And remember, if others live longer and are healthy enough to work they will also be paying the taxes that build your roads or pay your next free doctor visit. Taxes suck, but you profit from them in the end. 
Oh, you must be European too. I did some research and apparently the USA has invented a kind of restaurant that serves expensive food. Who would have thought?! 
Meh, I won't check the religious background of my politicians. It just *should not* matter. 

Note that what I'm complaining of also happens to a lesser degree here in Spain. I'm not trying to be *holier than you* ;P
That sounds pretty cool! :) 
>Categories of speech that are given lesser or no protection by the First Amendment include obscenity (as determined by the Miller test), fraud, child pornography, speech that incites imminent lawless action, and regulation of commercial speech such as advertising.

Uh, oh... There are exceptions in your favorite amendment. What is the difference? 
I live in Spain. There are dozens of options for private health insurance, with cheaper options and extra premium options. There is no difference except since we've also got socialized health care for free, our prices are probably much smaller for the same coverage. I just checked and found a 40€ one with no co-pay which seems to cover pretty much everything. 

The important thing here is that we don't mind paying those taxes since it means that every citizen is covered and people won't die because they couldn't afford to go to the hospital. 
We've got them too... In fast food chains where the beverages are a shitty syrup mixed with water. 

I'd rather drink the real version or simply water. 

(It's nice to have the free refills as an option, though, no one can deny that) 
If it doesn't bother you, what field do you work on? 
Jokingly break the law is still breaking the law. There is a reason for the nazi related prohibition in Germany. 
You don't see any problem with having to hide your beliefs? 
Wow, tell me more about those luxury restaurants that America invented. 
What does your health insurance cover that mine doesn't? (Or didn't, after not using it for a few years I cancelled it). 

If you've got your own private insurance you can go through it instead of the national health care system. And if you've got money you can simply go to a private hospital and pay for whatever you need. 

I truly fail to see what you would be missing by having a free option available to everyone. 
Where is the joke? 
You should move to a country with good socialized Healthcare. That kind of hospital bill should be illegal. 

$100k is 3 to 4 years of the average salary here. Holy shit. 
Giving a small amount of your money to help the ones who need it also makes it so you get the help you need thanks to everyone else. 

The American obsession with earning more money right now at all costs is probably the cause of many of it's own problems. 
Do you honestly believe that a politician could openly say that he's agnostic *and* still have any chance at all of becoming president?
How will you make changes on the compiled apk?
Ah, yeah, sorry about that. I came from /all and didn't even check the subreddit. 
He's pretty vocal about how good he is and how easy everything will be until he meets for 10 minutes with a world leader and his next public statement is "(issue) is way more very complicated than we though. Very very complicated. Nobody knew about that. It's very complicated." 

He is definitely underestimating *everything*, which should be a red flag. 

(SAD!) 
That is Silvia Abril, a comedian playing a role, you don't need to feel bad :) 
It is never written with u, but it can be pronounced as u (all 'o' outside of the strong syllables are pronounced 'u' in many catalan dialects). 

Catalan is a bit more complex than Spanish, it can get confusing. 
They call it p(a a)mb tomàquet. Or maybe they use "tomaca", which is also valid. Tumaka looks like Cebiya. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blaster_(computer_worm)

Every infected machine was trying to infect every other machine. 

There were a few of those: blaster and sasser are the only two names I remember, though. 
Puppet democracies that ruin a country are not something you should be proud of. 
Look at his comment history, he's asking for genocide. 
I see that you already know my opinion without me forcing it into anyone else's throat. Care to share what it is? 

Or are you making shit up? 
That is what you choose to see. A small minority that shapes your opinion of the whole community. 

Or: a generalization.
Generalizations are bad. 
That's the link I found now, the one I found last night didn't mention it. And no one is talking about an explosion so I'm not really sure what is going on. 
> Els fets han passat a tres quarts de quatre de la tarda al restaurant Mas Oller d'aquest municipi després que **el castell inflable en el qual estaven ha sortit volant**. L'inflable ha anat a parar a uns 30 metres de distància del lloc on estava ancorat.

> El delegat d'Interior a les comarques de Girona, Albert Ballesta ha explicat que "**no se sap com ha sortit disparat el castell**". Sobre les possibles causes del succés, Ballesta ha comentat que caldrà esperar a la investigació dels Mossos, però ha apuntat a una "causa mecànica", ja que a la zona no hi bufava vent en aquell moment.  

>El delegat d'Interior a Girona ha confirmat que l'atracció estava ancorada a terra. "Caldrà veure com han respost els ancoratges, però cal esperar perquè ara mateix tot són conjectures", ha confirmat. 

http://www.naciodigital.cat/noticia/130650/mor/nena/sis/anys/havia/resultat/ferida/explotar/castell/inflable/caldes/malavella

I believe they would say "yep, the explosion made it fly" instead of "no idea how it happened, it was anchored to the ground". 
It didn't blow up or explode, that's probably why you're not finding anything. 
Wow, that sub is full of hypocrites who don't know shit about France (that surrender joke is incredibly stale). 

Congrats from your neighbors down south, you dodged a bullet! 

(Maybe France *should* have surrendered in 1775).
Oh, shit. My mother has worked for decades in a public hospital. Does she know she's a slave? 
You won't label a crazy guy going on a rampage as terrorism as long as it's in US soil. That's cool, but innocent people will still be dead. 

You're safer in Europe than in the land of school shooters, once you're dead it won't matter if it was in the name of Allah or because an untreated mental illness made someone kill everyone he met. 
And then, the mighty faggot was born. 
OP can't tell the difference between Venezuela and Spain. 
>"Blue Lives Matter"? Well no shit. Who said they didn't?

Uh... The BLM movement? 
The Flesh Atronach in the card is the redesign created for the Imperial City DLC of Elder Scrolls Online. It's not just the "most recent" appearance.
You can level all weapon types to max level, easily. 

You don't want bow and staff, though, since one is a support stamina weapon and the other is a Magicka damage weapon. 
What are the false pretenses and what laws is it breaking?
Wait, you complained to Google, Zenimax and Bethesda because someone created an app for the game? 

Are you fucking out of your mind? 
Fuck me, you're right. 
You're calling a 7 year old video "stale". Good job, detective. It's got old jokes.
Something might have broken in the server. I'll check it out tomorrow (it's 2am right now). 
Maybe I'm biased because I live in the north east of Spain, but Pamplona is north, not north east. 

Almost everyone in the country speaks Spanish, it's very rare for someone to only speak regional languages (especially in bigger cities). 
Why is that? I've only been there once a few years ago, but I don't think I saw anyone like that. 
It's not my forte, I know :P
Eh, tongue in cheek or something, I'm bad at that. Reality is more fucked up than you believe: http://verne.elpais.com/verne/2017/01/11/articulo/1484126136_979811.html prison for joking about a dead fascist thanks to our right wing government, who are like Trump, but dumber. 
I don't see her criticizing a government, how does free speech apply? 
It's a cute nickname, nothing else. It means "little bug", but they could have said "madalenita" or "cosita" and it would be exactly the same. 
Hispania was the Latin name given to the Iberian peninsula by the Romans. It includes Portugal, making Brazilians hispanos, too. Or not. 

Hispanic comes from Hispania, not Spain or España. 
Hispanic is a weird word, it used to mean "someone from Hispania", but it's now "someone from a country *related* to Hispania", which usually means the old colonies and excludes us Spaniards. 

I consider myself white, European and a Spaniard, but I would never call myself Hispanic or Latino (and again, logic tells me that both off those *should* apply... This is confusing).

All this race segregation will end in trouble someday. 
Android 1.1, the first update my first Android phone got :D
> You cannot debunk what is true

Is it true or is it false that at the time it did? Did I specifically mention which device I tested many years ago or was I being deceptive?

OP said that it *might have been debunked*, I corrected him saying that it wasn't possible to debunk a truth. And it still isn't possible.
They will break their teeth trying to chew bricks. Why would anyone live on edible houses? 
They only need one nuke to fuck the planet. 
At least she sounds nice, other people might have started raising their voice to help you understand their perfect Spanish. 
Yeah, it's not like I mentioned "the original iPad" when trying to explain that "iOS doesn't render new objects while scrolling" was true in it's time. You can't "debunk" the fact that the original Galaxy S looked a lot like the iPhone just because the Galaxy S7 doesn't. iOS used to block everything as soon as you touched the screen, that is a fact and cannot be debunked.

And my video clearly says 2012, I never tried to pass it as something new or recent.
Sadly, no. I wish I could sit with him and show him an Android phone for the first time and explain how the modern world works, but it's impossible. 
Basically, designers who haven't even looked at an Android phone:

* xxxhdpi resources that are smaller than the base iOS resources (because @2x is *way* bigger than my 1440p phone).  
* Splash screens are one big image, a single shape, in different sizes... when most of the time it's a white text logo over a solid background, which anyone could replicate in xml with their eyes closed and it would look better (the logo would not be distorted or resized).  
* File names inconsistent between densities and/or with illegal characters.  
* 30+MB jpeg as background? Sure, why not. It went down to about 200KB when *we* converted it to webp.

Any many more. I'm here only because Atlassian is down. Come onnnnn, let me log in!
Isn't the wood useless if the door opens the way it does? 
You cannot debunk what is true. It has probably been changed since the original iPad, but it most definitely did not draw or load websites while you were touching the screen. 

Edit: Since people are downvoting the truth, here is an old video I made of exactly this: https://youtu.be/GuKLcXyiFqA. The truth might hurt, but it cannot be debunked. 
I'm paying 350€ for a small 2 bedroom house in walking distance to the beach... Housing in Spain is very cheap if you're not in the capitals :P
You must not have seen a subreddit called /r/justneckbeardthings, it's full of examples or "doesn't believe in God = he's a subhuman piece of shit"

Congrats on being agnostic and at the same time confusing it with atheism. 

Militant atheists are incredibly annoying. People who attack anyone who does not actively believe in their god are dangerous assholes. 
Atheism is the belief in the abscence of a god. Agnosticism does not believe in either.

The american theist circlejerk is unbelievable. Anyone who is not a believer is instantly insulted and attacked. Congrats on slowly copying fundamentalist islamic countries, the rest of the modern world is moving towards *less* religion in our lives.
Deep state? 
*Memento*
You actually made me think of Kickapoo ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
You stopped believing, man. Should have listened to the song. 
The majority of time, I see people called racist or sexist because of what they *look like* or what party they vote for. Those people treat actual racism as a simple insult... And that is insulting itself. 

The USA voted for Trump, that is a mistake you will have to suffer for at least 4 years.. That does not mean that the half of the country that voted for his party are automatically racist and/or sexist. They simply fucked up big time (if you want another example of a big fuck up, look up Spain's government, we are ruled by bumbling, corrupt idiots). 

You guys think I'm defending racists. I'm complaining about the abuse that will trivialize the word. 
You could also try role playing games or old adventure point and click games (Aventura gráfica, like Monkey Island or Day of the Tentacle) in Spanish, you will usually *need* to understand what's going on and it's a fun way to test yourself and learn a bit more on the side. 
My bad then, using a third language is sometimes hard 😑. 

I don't want to pretend they don't exist, I just don't want the words to lose meaning *because* I can't stand them. 
Cool, now I'm an alt righter. Even though I vote socialist parties. See? Alt right, too, will soon mean shit. 
If you see sexists and racists absolutely *everywhere* the problem might not be in *them*.
Yeeeeeah... I'm kind of a dummy. I thought I had fixed that. Thank you :P
Look at the alt right/4channers and their overuse of "cuck". Do you take it seriously at all? 

Probably not, because they throw it at anyone and everyone. Cuck is powerless and meaningless, just like sexist and racist will be soon thanks to the people who won't stop using them for people they disagree with. Just wait and see.
Label everyone as sexist and racist and the words will stop having any meaning. 
http://www.latimes.com/world/europe/la-fg-spain-king-abdication-20140602-story.html

> “Loyal to the wishes of my father, I have always sought to be a king for all the people,” he said in a prerecorded five-minute video address broadcast throughout Spain. “My only ambition was for the progress of all Spaniards. I want the best for Spain, to which I have dedicated my whole life.”

The king of Spain did not address the Spanish people in English. This is **the exact same publication from OP, 3 years ago**, translating a foreign language for the article. People are complaining here because of who did the thing, not because of how the thing was reported.
The Spanish newspaper reporting on the Snapchat ceo quoted him in Spanish. Should we riot and accuse the papers of having a hidden agenda? Or is it common courtesy to translate foreign languages to something readable? None of them even mentioned having to translate the quote, too! 

It's like... This is standard procedure or something. 
I could point out it means "ice cream rocks". Still won't make it true. 
If you were trying to reply to me: yes, I do. That's why I don't really have much time to update this one :P
It's perfectly fine, mine was noticed by Gina and she apparently liked it: https://www.reddit.com/r/elderscrollsonline/comments/2aq4kb/do_you_own_an_android_phone_you_might_like_my_app/cixoetj/
They give random materials of lower levels so you don't have to change to lower level alts to farm them.
So now the official name of Catalonia is "East Coast above valencia". Good to know. 
Them finding out after he started working there could have been worse. I'd say that the honesty was on point. 
That's unlikely, there is too much work needed for that and I barely have any time to code after work right now. 

I will add all the Warden skill lines and that will probably take a week or two. Adding raw data and making it *work* is incredibly tedious. 

If there were any public database I could try to use their data, but I don't know of any. 
Dejad esta discusión tonta, no tienes razón y punto. 
Pues no me suena haber visto ninguna por aquí, pero sólo puedo hablar de la Costa Brava. 
Maybe the writer did find out about it in Catalonia. 
You will need to learn the idioms for the places you're going to visit or live in. You won't use the exact same language and idioms in New York, London and Sydney. 

I'd probably say "hostia puta, cómo llueve" or "vaya mierda de día que hace". I'm kinda straightforward. 
That's a shitty comeback, though. They are shitting on a whole language while at the same time complaining that those users are not giving them enough cash.

0/5 stars, I wouldn't even consider purchasing anything from them.
Veo que nunca has intentado traducir un texto escrito en inglés "personal". 

Sí, hay que memorizar palabras, pero es fácil si lees mucho. 
A veces no es un nativo el que quiere entenderte e intentará usar un traductor. Buena suerte con tu idioma inventado entonces. 
La comunicación pierde todo el sentido cuando los errores de uno hacen que el otro no entienda el mensaje. 

¿Me quieres decir algo? Dilo de manera que se entienda. No hay más. 
Pero eso es culpa al 100% de no hacer la distinción. Es hasta cierto punto comprensible. 
I'm paying 70€/month for 300/30mbit with absolutely no limits and I'm pretty happy. 
I believe that having "hate" in your title automatically means trouble for you. Youtube is trying to monetize content and they probably only want positive content reaching their advertisers.

I *really* don't think anyone at Youtube was trying to defend that developer by not allowing monetization there.
I probably can't help you, since I have never been in that position but let me ask you a question. Would you actually want it to be incredibly easy to recover your account?

Most "hacks" are actually people "recovering" other people's accounts thanks to low requirements.

Now, mr "I can't remember my full name, the card I used to purchase the game or my security question", I ask you to wonder why it's being hard for you to gain access to *your* account.
Since one of the latest game updates, the whole game is scaled to VR 160 (now Champion Points Rank 160).

How this scaling works is simple, you character gets CP 160 stats and all your gear acts as higher level items. I believe that lower level characters get an extra stat buff to make them slightly more competitive since they will lack most passives and they will fight the same exact monsters as everyone else.  
Gear is scaled following one simple rule: You're CP160, your gear *tries* to be CP160 along with you. If you're wearing an item that is lower level than you, those same levels will be taken away from the CP160 target when calculating the item's final stats. A lvl 10 character wearing lvl 8 armor will have the stats of a CP160 character wearing CP140 armor. A lvl 40 character wearing that same lvl 8 could as well be naked, because he is going to fight CP160 enemies with the equivalent of lvl 34 gear.

Higher level characters have access to more skills, more passives and gold quality max level weapons, which give a **huge** boost to damage.

You're not obsolete, you just need to reach CP160 and get new max level gear. You will definitely feel the difference between your geared max level character and your newer one.


**Bonus tip**: Use your champion points on all your characters! Those are account-wide, all your veteran characters can gain them and then *all* your characters can use them, even at level 1!
Extra XP potions, scrolls and event items *do not affect* crafting XP.

Crafting XP is actually called *inspiration*, the only bonus you can get is a monthly subscription for 10% extra inspiration.
Yeah, I didn't mention the free updates but they are included free of charge for everyone. One Tamriel removing alliance limits and the recent Homestead update are good examples.

You can purchase Morrowind as a full game (includes an ESO license) or as an expansion (if you already own the game). You should be able to simply add the Morrowind code to your account and be ready.

Tamriel Unlimited is the "surname" that the game has since the subscription was removed, there is only one ESO, even if you see stuff labelled "ESO" or "ESO:TU" they talk about the exact same thing, which is the base game.
Some merchants (grocers) should sell some basic recipes. All the others will come from furniture in homes and basicaly everywhere else.

Coldharbor is the best place to run around opening dressers and tables, since there is no law over there and it's technically not stealing.
Welcome to the game!  
I can't comment on Green man gaming, I have always heard positively from them and I *believe* that they actually partenered with Zenimax or something like that? They are pinned to the top of this subreddit, though, so that's a very good sign.

Now, armor weight: Heavy is for tanking, medium is for stamina/physical damage and light is for magical damage. You can play around with it for PvP (doing damage with heavy armor), but for PvE it is a very bad idea to mix armor type and weapons to create a "hybrid"

This is an example of what a full set of medium armor gives you:

* +11% critical chance
* +14% stamina recovery, 14% reduction of all stamina skill costs
* 49% reduction of sneak stamina cost, 35% reduction of detection area when sneaking
* +12% weapon damage
* +3% sprint speed, 28% reduction to roll dodge cost

And this is what full heavy armor gives you:

* Cooler armor (can't deny this)
* +2534 physical and magical defense
* +28% health regen, restore magicka and stamina when hit
* +14% max health
* Up to +200 weapon and spell damage when taking damage
* +8% healing taken, +25% stamina and magicka restored by heavy attacks

Those will very clearly tell you what role each one is made for. You *can* be a heavy armor/2hs dps, but you will not do enough damage, enemies will swarm you and you will feel like you need even more protection to survive, when all you need is the extra damage and maybe roll dodge sometimes.
Short answer: People suck.  
Longer answer: Those who can't play long enough to get good and level fast will try to cheat to reach a level they don't "deserve" and then you find some high CP players who either play with their computer screens off or they are incredibly bad players. So they suck.
I bought 4 ESO keys for friends and my brother from G2A and some 60 day keys from Kinguin. None of them has been bad.

I know it's a pretty small sample size, but every time those sites are mentioned it seems that people believe that all purchases there end up biting your ass later.
1. Morrowind is going to be the first expansion, those will come once per year and are paid with real money, just like any expansion in any other game. All the other DLC we've been receiving until now (and the 3 out of each 4 in the future after Morrowind is released) can only be purchased with Crowns (in game premium currency, purchased with real money) *or* available without any kind of limits for as long as you mantain a subscription.  
You can purchase ESO: Gold Edition, which already includes the first four DLC and then purchase the Morrowind expansion. A subscription has other nice perks, you should check that out too.

2. They are all good and there are rebalance updates pretty often, so you can safely pick the one that you seem to like the most and start questing. I believe that lately Nightblade is the less popular for end game content, but you can enjoy any class anyways.  
Templar is always good for a novice, they've got the best self healing (at least until Morrowind, when the Warden is released), but you should not focus just on the beginning you will probably play that character for hundreds of hours and you're only a novice for a while.

3. Your alliance only limits you in the PvP area (Cyrodiil). All PvE content can be done with anyone, from any alliance, at any level. You can wear any kind of armor (light, medium or heavy), in any style and painted in the color you choose. You will have dozens of disguises available, too.


Important: **Do not** purchase ESO: Morrowind before release, you would be paying for the full game but wouldn't be able to play until Morrowind is released. Purchase ESO (Gold edition if you can) first and then pre-purchase Morrowind.
Decon everything, craft as much as you can. Get a levelling partner, decon *his* items (they will give you extra crafting XP) and give him yours to decon. You will both get some materials back, craft as much as you can and repeat until you're out of materials. Gather more and start over.
I don't know what the fuck that was about. You did well getting out of there. 
😍
What is new? Is there a list? 
Cada uno lo que quiere, cuando quiere. No tenemos la descripción de nuestras comidas en la constitución. 

Tampoco tendrá nada que ver horarios y comidas típicas aquí en Cataluña que más abajo por Andalucía. 
Soccer games can go to overtime too. The "greatest" assets about your favorite sport are not unique to it, dumbass.
Yes, all sixty minutes of it. Half of what you were laughing at. 
Soccer has no ads. Two hours means two hours of people running. Shocking, I know. 
Like... Needing armor to play a game? 
You can go to a shrine, change all you attributes and skills, get a full training set of equipment and level every skill you need pretty fast. Don't worry, you don't need to reroll.
> Yes, -aza does exist but I'm having a hard time trying to come up with a practical example

I'd have no problem calling my mom a "madraza". She's just awesome :)
Yes, that is incorrect. They are what *used to be* the veteran versions, but not both story 1 and story 2 have normal and vet modes.

This was changed like half a year ago, so you might have learned that before the change :)
>Well said, man! Much better answer then people typing "bow is support, go dw" and thinking "damn I am such a helpful guy" ;)

Even zenimax considers bow a support weapon. Look up the drop rate change of weapons in veteran Maelstrom arena. 
Hey! Thanks for the support :D  
My paypal email is rubengm@gmail.com. I'll think about that sticky, I don't know if promoting donations would break any of Google's rules... they removed this app once because of the logo :S
I remember a female argonian called Two Tails or something like that. Maybe that's a hint. 
Level him up and the keys will be as good as the main's as soon as he hits lvl 50.
I believe you need to be a direct descendant of a citizen. Race and genetics are not a factor in any of this. 
Yes, there are whole quests about finding it and you get to choose the sacrifice that will activate it. 

You finish the main story in God mode, wearing the amulet of Kings and the emperor's regalia, doing shit tons of damage and punching tunnels into walls. 
They are special to you because they are not in English. It's just as special as ? and ! are, to me.
...that accidentally discharged a loaded gun in a room full of people. 

Yes, he is trained. An he still could have killed anyone there by accident. 

I'll happily stay around responsible non gun owners, thanks. 
You're giving more power to the word than it deserves. 
Accepting refugees is different from receiving illegal immigrants. If you can't tell the difference you might have some issues. 
Yes, both the damage buff and the self heal.
You don't need to justify yourself! Enjoy that guar :D

The next theme is going to be Dwemer.
My build wouldn't help you much, then. A friend already tried my same sets and a rotation as similar as he could and he had trouble doing over 24k (he's doing 30k~40k with dual wield).

The *thunk* when swinging my hammer is much better than the dual wield extra dps, though. Good luck finding a build that works!
Ugh, over 20k? I don't know if that's [possible](http://i.imgur.com/pgjhZUC.png).

It's very easy to do over 20k with a stam dk with 2hs, you didn't mention your class, though.
I'm sorry you were abused as a kid. 
Sadly, no. Some people are starting to believe it as fact due to the circlejerk. 
Old nokia batteries were not magical, those phones did nothing. My first Nokia *smartphones* had horrible battery life as soon as I connected to the internet, it didn't matter if it was GPRS or 3G.

Devices not using the modem will last for ages, most of the time.
As others said, ask for a refund, purchase the base version and then pre-order the update. ZOS fucked up with that. 
Jo sóc català des del segon en que vaig néixer al meu poble de la costa brava, no necessito integrar-me perquè **sóc català**.

Jo estic fins als collons de que a la resta d'Espanya vegin a gent que es comporta igual que tú i després m'insultin a mi per ser "un catalufo". 

Comporta't, coexisteix i deixa l'odi per qui ho mereixi de veritat. 
Em passo tot el dia parlant català, llegint anglès i traduint text de castellà a català. Només m'ha semblat respectuós escriure en castellà al subreddit d'Espanya. 

No intentis enmerdar-me amb la teva incultura, no és culpa meva que no t'agradi algú només perquè ha nascut fora de Catalunya... I la millor part és que després t'ofendrà quan imbècils com el Ojeda aquell, alguna premsa de cap al sud o simples espanyoleitors facin exactament el que fas tu: odiar-nos a nosaltres per haver nascut fora de les seves fronteres. 

Que et bombin, xenòfob de merda. 
Perdóneme usted, señor Antonio. 
Das pena y nos das mala fama a los buenos catalanes.
Doesn't the Imperial system come from the same kingdom you're supposed to not be kneeling to anymore? 
I've only looked at a few of those and they look *ancient*. 
The first sonic game is 5 years older than the first crash bandicoot. It was a 2D platformer with the general idea being "go fast, jump and shit" and the 3D versions might be similar to what Crash did many years after, but it still had the same idea behind (but layer it was changed to only the last part). 
😘
Burnout, Bioshock, Forza, Doom, Street Fighter and a bunch more actually ran at 60fps on the 360.

The *Dreamcast* ran games at 60fps. It's not that the hardware can't do it, it's that the devs prioritize good visuals over high framerate and responsiveness. 
It was launched, it failed and I'd be surprised if they had 10% of their peak players before the first year has passed. 

Not only is it missing important features, the tracker is bad or even horrible and every "improvement" has made it worse. 

Niantic killed the hype, they will probably still make a fortune from it but many people had their hopes crushed by bad design and worse support. 
I know what you mean. As long as you don't have to pay taxes you don't need to tell Google who you are. 
Yep. 
You misspelled "very likely". They ban the person, not the account. As soon as Google knows who it is, the account will be disabled. 
Whoever told you that has not used it in a couple of years. The other morph is awful since it was nerfed a long time ago. Just remember that you won't use Brawler for the damage that it does, but for the shield that you will get from it. 
PvE is a lot easier to solo as dps than as a tank. Get Brawler, Reverse Slice, any self heal and destroy groups of enemies easily. 

Medium armor is a lot better if you want to do damage, too. 

In the end, you can play as you want, but you should *try* actually using dps gear (medium armor) with all the passives at least for a while. 
How can you call him leader of the free world without laughing? 
Doesn't it check for app package and signature to be able to make API calls? 
Nonsense, you can be vegan or vegetarian without it affecting or being influenced by your political opinions.
The bar closest to my job serves sandwich vegetal de hamburguesa and sandwich vegetal de lomo. You should have seen my face when I heard someone order them.
HMD is as close to Nokia as you can get: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/HMD_Global
Expansion, just like a dlc but with a different name.
Start trait research as soon as possible (as soon as you log back in). You can also start training your horse before you own one.

Both of those things take a lot of time and you will need them later.
Have you tried the game in the last couple years?
You can do that with Whatsapp and Telegram without being tied to Apple hardware only.
Ok, Apple partially owned a very well know patent troll company that was suing everyone for years with bullshit patents. Is that better?
http://www.theverge.com/2013/10/17/4849376/apple-multitouch-patent-upheld-by-us-patent-and-trademark-office  
http://www.theverge.com/2012/11/7/3614506/apple-patents-rectangle-with-rounded-corners  
http://www.androidcentral.com/apple-granted-patent-slide-unlock-even-though-it-existed-2-years-they-invented-it  
https://www.extremetech.com/extreme/196432-microsoft-apple-pull-back-from-android-patent-trolling-is-the-patent-war-drawing-to-a-close

Apple is a patent troll. Some of their users are proud of that.
http://i.imgur.com/cKolVLY.png
Good thing that you deleted that innocent comment and can now explain that those calling you out just didn't get you, I guess. Now you don't look like a racist anymore!
Being racist is never justified, dude.
Bow as main weapon is not even mid tier.
It's not used in Spain, either.
Yeah, I haven't pushed an update yet... There are a few other things waiting too. I guess it will be ready this week.
Your problem is probably having only 16 megabit of ram 🤣
You should try group content instead of solo content. Like group dungeons.
> Do raid bosses have enrage timers or something? 

Yes. Take too long and you're dead.
Se nota que os importa vuestro público objetivo, cuando ni os preocupáis en escribir en español de España. 
You galician sounds weird too, so we're equal. 
It definitely does. I've got 5000 to 8000 of each material, a couple hundred of them for a huge damage boost is incredibly worth it. 
CP160 weapons get a huge boost in damage if you upgrade them to legendary. 
You want to use tank armor and a physical weapon to do magical damage. That's not a hybrid, that is an anti pattern. 
I wanted to point that out too, but they are the exact same shit as GamerGhazi. SAD! 
CP160 weapons get a huge damage boost at legendary quality, though. It's worth it. 
That is the boss bar, not the normal target health bar. 
Yeah, that is why no one notices the city wide "welcome" of the "kings" (I think it's three wise men in English) all around Spain.

"Nobody" = "No North American". 
Master Writs are a homestead feature, you need to wait until homestead is available on consoles. 
I do 30k-40k dps single target with my 2hs DK, but I'm wearing medium armor. I know I could do more damage with dual wield but wielding a nice maul is just too satisfying. 

Also, it's easier to survive against groups while doing a ton of AoE damage. 
That is exactly what they want you to show in your privacy policy... we need a policy generator :/
Definitely not. Everyone had mules. 
It was like this long before the game even had the crafting bag. 
MMOs can't afford to give *good* gear with every single kill, inflation is not a thing in single player games. 
Sure, I'll drop my unique armor and weapons for random trash that some bandit is wearing. I think we played very different oblivion/Skyrim games. 
Loot is much better in both gold and set pieces. 
If you see a weapon or piece of armor around you can pick it up. Don't let anyone see you stealing, though. 
Ice staff will taunt and block better with today's patch, you could try that. 
You were researching a trait,  or crafting a staff. Once your research is done (it's real life time, not game time) you can craft that item with that trait yourself. 
You can start however you want. Nothing you do with your character is final and you can pay a bit of gold to change your stat points and learned skills. 

Go for stamina and medium armor, enjoy the game and don't worry too much until you're getting close to lvl 50.
You just need a wider screen: http://i.imgur.com/1F8NY57.jpg

10/10 website, will visit again.
I'm starting to notice SJW people here in Spain and they use exactly the same rethoric as the American ones. 

And let me tell you: it's all bullshit. Classic feminism is good and needed (defending women's rights, trying to improve their own lives, etc) but these people calling themselves feminists today are pure hate in the form of a person. They do not want to improve anything, they only want to hate and destroy what is different from themselves or silence the ones that do not follow their narrative.

Those YouTube comments are the result of their modus operandi, idiots will vomit their hate everywhere as soon as they identify the agenda of the group that is actively and constantly harassing them. 

The end does not justify the means. 
Not in Spain. 
> I don't like the MMO feel

This is an MMO, though.

> It was off putting other people appearing everywhere stealing things I needed for quests or killing everything in dungeons before I had a chance to even explore.

That's normal in massively multiplayer games.

> Most quests were bugged and you were gridlocked to progress.

Most of these were fixed like one or two months after release, years ago.

> The trade system was annoying spam 

Most trading is done via guild traders, but there will always be some people trying to overcharge for useless stuff via chat, where you can't compare prices easily.

> and I crafting took literally days to make a sanded maple staff

"Days" means the couple seconds of animation or you mean gathering materials and then waiting for those two seconds of animation? I don't understand the problem here.

The game has improved a lot, combat animations are much better now, questing in group is now viable most of the time, you can go *anywhere* right at the beginning and there are so many changes and improvements to the game that it would be kind of hard to make a "what has changed since release day" report.  
You can play without a subscription now, so you won't lose anything by downloading the game and just checking it yourself.
You _can do_ end game content with weird combinations. Beating it is a different matter.
I went through that at VR10, 12 and 14. Once more is just expected.
Do not buy them with crowns, you can get then from a player in game for a bit of gold. 
You need to find a good pve guild in game, it's going to be easier than looking for group here :) 

PS: You didn't say what server it platform you play in. 
You can use console controllers in the pc version, you can connect your pc to a TV and addons are only available for PC. 

If your pc is faster than a boiled potato it's definitely the best option. 
Previous dlc will not be a requirement for Morrowind. 

You get a lot more story and quests from the DLCs, they are worth it, but you can wait until you see if you like the game first. The Warden will be the first paid exclusive class in the game. 
Yeah, it looks great. I've been subscribed since day one and I'm pre-ordering morrowind tomorrow. 
It's meant to be a few times the size of Wrothgar. 
You will be notified when you enter the group areas, not all of Craglorn is challenging. 
Thank you! I'll fix it when I get home from work :) 
You could sub for a month and get it :) 
The PTS client. 
You're fighting reality here. I was a day zero player (you could play a few days earlier with a pre-order) and subscriptions were definitely mandatory for a while. The subscription plan was modified a lot later when the game was getting ready for a console release in like half a year.
> and frankly disappointed by the way as a day 1 buyer of the game who was promised that it would be free after purchase,only to find out differently

It was a paid + subscription based game at the beginning, are you sure you're a day one player?
The file name says khajiit :P  
http://i.imgur.com/ridkeKK.png
The only tool I know about is this one: http://www.uesp.net/wiki/Online:EsoExtractData

I can't help much though, I only use it to get item icons, not actual game data or strings.
Does he really hate others or did you deduce that from his political orientation? 

If it's the latter, you're just as prejudiced as you think he is. 
Tab the boss, look around and click. You need to point at them. 
Then you're doing it wrong. It won't autoaim, it will just make it the top priority when your pointer is over it. 
Tab the target and it's a non issue.
If my healer has to stop keeping buffs and debuffs up because I'm not doing enough damage I will be the one with a problem. Kill fast and the enemies won't hurt you much. 
Best doesn't mean perfect.
Pa amb tomàquet, not pan tumaca. 
Those crashes are corrupting the settings file. That is all. 
I got the dro-m'Athra skin by healing vet Maw of Lorkhaj with my imperial Templar. It's definitely possible to complete hard content with a weird race combo. 

I made an argonian now, though :P
You can have multiple stations of different sets!

Also, you could visit my house and craft your Law of Julianos set even if you don't personally own the Orsinium DLC.
If you are a master crafter and work hard for it you can create set crafting stations (like "hunding's rage woodworking station") or target skeletons that let you try rotations and dps. Otherwise, it's just a decorating simulator. You can also get unique decorations by completing in game content, but those will serve no purpose other than looking pretty.

Housing is not for utility, it's for personalization and maybe role playing.
You can do more things than just killing monsters, that is it.

If you can't see any purpose that might just mean that it's not for you.
http://i.imgur.com/N2kLFTVh.jpg

It works on an LG G5 
It will restart adb with wireless enabled. Maybe you're rooted and it's always enabled, but I wouldn't trust my phone, then. 
You can do it manually:

    adb tcpip 5555
    adb connect 192.whatever.phone.ip
Try not to chew whole chickens. You can use cutting tools to make smaller pieces out of food, so you can fit them easily inside your mouth. 
6 inch, 720p.
Pues parece que lo es, o como mínimo hay más porcentaje de gente que lo habla: http://languageknowledge.eu/countries/poland
My Android app (ESO Toolkit) also has an alchemy tool, try it if you can. It's 100% free. 
> In the EU5 countries, Android accounted for 72.4% of smartphone sales during this period

I don't understand why Google still treats us as second class citizens when we are the ones who support them the most.
I applied for a PHP dev position, we began talking about this new Android thing and showed him my Android Developer Phone 1. Ended up joining the brand new Android team.
What are you missing? Can you not create an imperial?
*malvado FTFY
Powerleveling will make you want to farm skill points later, which you mostly do by running around and doing quests.

Just play the game, try to complete as many quests and dungeons as possible and you will get there pretty soon.
I never expect encoding to be handled correctly in any game. Having ñ or the accented characters (áàéèíïóòúü) is surprising already... But it took them a while to get those working in this game. 
It could be the second byte of utf-16, maybe? 
They are definitely not getting older, now. 
Si no te gusta la siesta puedes ir al centro/norte de España, que por aquí no se hace. 
You could try to update to/from the apkplz version, it will tell you if the signature has been modified.
Go to a different alliance and start doing their storylines. It will kinda feel like starting a new character and you won't lose your current progress.
Wait until CP 160 to get max level items, then start opening whatever chest you want: http://deltiasgaming.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/CuwfFl-VMAAL00D.jpg-large.jpeg

Since all quest givers wil reward you with the same kind of key, you can choose any chest, not just the one named after the one that gave you the daily.
You could have been kicked by mistake, the timer allows them to reinvite you and save you the two loading screens.
Yes, but their patcher apparently makes you download whole files even if just a single line of text or a texture has changed, which makes all patches way bigger than they could be with more modern methods.
It's apparently about 4GB: https://forums.elderscrollsonline.com/en/discussion/comment/3644260#Comment_3644260
Small towns have weird traditions, like setting a bull's horns on fire or throwing a goat down from a bell tower. The rest of the country is like "how the fuck is that still done?".
It's usually a shitton, I'd expect at least 5~10GB.
You can level all your skill lines to max level easily. There are shrines in all three capitals that will let you reset all your skill and attribute points so you can "remake" your character. Try different combinations until you find the one you like the most.

My main is max level in all three class skill lines, all weapons, all armors and all crafts.