Will you like it?
OP said they tried each stick by itself and one didn’t work... what else do you need to know?
Irresponsible drug dealer who doesn’t give a shit about his surroundings.
Doesn’t matter. One of his RAM sticks is dead.
So yeah... one of your sticks of RAM is obviously dead.
$2000 is cheap to me. Get a Razer Blade.
Did you try each stick by itself?
/r/happycowgifs
You’re embarrassing.
Indexing happens whether you were on the legacy filesystem or the new APFS. You did upgrade to the new APFS, so it wouldn't surprise me if it took a bit longer.
Your phone is probably still in the process of re-indexing everything. Give it a few hours.
The Intel XMM 7560 better be able to keep up with Qualcomm's Snapdragon this time around.
Chorizo
I fucking hate how literally every serious article turns into a shitty pun chain.
Did you reboot your phone?
iPhone 3G/3GS.
Just update to iOS 11.3.1.
How original. Just like this shit you reposted.
Are you fucking kidding me? This was already posted two hours ago.

https://www.reddit.com/r/iphone/comments/8fr5d7/ask_siri_to_define_the_word_mother_when_she_asks/
Update to iOS 11.3.1.
Looks like a BF Injection from GTA.
Stay with the default.
Please no
I knew it
You delete everything and create new partition in the unallocated space. You let Windows choose the size.
You just found some code online and opened it so you would look smart. Do you bring your laptop to Starbucks?
Still will barely be playable.
You need to spend more.
That’s not how this works...
Why do you use driver booster
Shit, I replied the wrong post. Enjoy the Meat & Tits bud-
I upvoted you so I can feel good about doing something right, but I'm still gonna eat meat. Sorry, you pushy entitty. Cheers
Stupid fucking meme.
Why don't you want to?
Please don't say bad things about him, they're making great progress and I don't want him to get angry again.
But... but... feel the bern, man! Free existence! We weren’t born to work, man! Come on... can I bum a cigarette off of you man? Thanks 
Angry Birbs 
Bluetooth speaker.
Fucking cringe. He was trying to make a cool point in retrospect, not advise you as to what you should have gotten...
No, he wanted you to drill holes in a furniture cabinet and put your components in it because it’s funny.
Because he was talking about a furniture cabinet.
Not a novelty account, but thanks! I appreciate it.
Drill holes in your hands and attach the motherboard to your palms. If you need me to provide an example, see Jesus Christ.
Will I ever find a hooker bitch who vapes... :/
Holy shit! That’s awesome.
Thanks for all your help. I did the bath and I feel better this morning. I have a friend who’s an RN and I let her know what’s going on. I’m sure I’ll be fine. My lungs don’t hurt just can slightly taste the hickory now
I’m okay. I took a bath and made the bathroom really humid and I feel better today.
Why in a mug with some silly small ass spoon?

Give me a tupperware container with a jumbo spoon.
NVMe*
No
What program are you using?

Just because the slider works and you can change the value doesn't mean it's actually doing anything.
Does the Intel DH77KC board even support BCLK overclocking?

I wouldn't imagine an Intel board would even support a feature which Intel has explicitly looked down upon.
Telling us you have an "HP 15 Notebook PC" is like me asking you what kind of engine does my Toyota use... We need more details than just that it's an HP notebook.

Either way, I'm betting your computer is just too slow and adding RAM won't improve it's performance.
*Whoosh*
Just clean it off.
Why don’t you use Windows
I’m serious.
Install Windows
Why would installing the drivers first help when you can’t even boot into Windows?

Your PSU is severely underpowered.
It looks like a bloody doggy style booty <3
Thankfully, I don’t. Haha.
I just don’t give a shit about cable management. It’s not important to me.
I’m glad that it is.
I hope this is true.
You need to go and purchase another laptop.
Connection issues 
Intel has the fastest CPU on the market productivity wise. Not sure what point you’re trying to make.
Your leg skin looks great. Nice Apple Watch as well.
So what should they do?
...because Intel still has the fastest processor on the market. I’m not buying AMD so I can jerk off about supporting the underdog.
You downvoted me because I crushed you with kindness.
How much did you drink that night?
This would never happen.
Naw dawg.
Incipio DualPro.
Thank you!
Nope. If you have to ask then you don’t need it.
Yeah but it doesn’t taste as good.

Hate to see you missing out on the best.
Buy a new sound card.
No meat?
LOL... my bad...
Gotta hate to see negativity like this.
Nice collection.

Did you get into hot sauce after watching the YouTube series “hot ones”?
No you don’t.
I think you mean the clothing brand.
OW OW OW!

Wheres the Fucking body bag???????
Ok. What’s your point?
Your private parts are microscopic.
"Aquabonic"
Jakie
You know what I'm thinking, right?
The big O that feels... tremendoish...
DisplayPorts and DVI. Video output.
i love how feminine it looks!
no i mean do you like jelly donuts in real life
DO you like jelly donut?
You're stuck with it.
CHILL THE HELL OUT AND JUST USE YOUR PHONE.

Stop looking at the stupid battery health.
...which you didn't.
Everything's the same.
Hey dude is it Done???
Yeah that’s some messed up stuff. Either /u/seanjenkins or /u/neokabuto shadowbanned me on /r/scambait an hour or two ago.

I mean, it really doesn’t matter at this point in time anyways.
I honestly don’t think this subreddit has a future anymore. It’s unfortunate, but you guys had a good run.
Please do.
Hey dude everyone’s down voting me because of you I like it though
Hey dude how we doin?
Dude please, did you read the fucking video description?
Horrible compression.
Yuck.
Are you offended?
Thanks for the advice!
Why do you keep saying “like”
You lack attention to detail.
It’s Portuguese, not Spanish...

The burn in of the icons across the white background.
No.

I don’t understand how you can’t comprehend what’s actually happening.
Doesn’t matter, it’s still stupid man.
PCMR is a toxic circlejerk filled with kids who don’t know anything about computers who care more about hating consoles than actual PC hardware discussion.

Grow up.
Don’t worry I already told her and she’s not going to stop. She loves my genitals motherboard too much... my GPU is fucking huge.
Releasing a BIOS that allows you to overclock via multiplier adjustment?
BCLK overclocking is like masturbating after already having had an orgasm. You’re putting your body into overdrive and you’re putting your motherboard and CPU in risk of having a stroke.
>soaked in gasoline from the plane engine

No. This airplane didn’t fucking run on gasoline.

The vast majority of airplanes don’t use gasoline.
There’s a difference between an M.2 NVMe SSD that runs on the PCI-E bus and a legacy M.2 SSD which is the exact same drive electronics as a 2.5” SATA3 drive.
If you’re going to run an NVMe drive, why wouldn’t you ensure it’s running on the PCI-E bus?
Chill out and stop looking at your battery health. You’ll be fine. Just use your phone...
GB and unlocked aren’t related terms...
This is ugly as hell.
It won’t stop someone from potentially rebuilding the previous GPT/MBR and recovering your data.

A reset in Windows does not “erase” the data. It typically just deletes the “table of contents”.

You want a program that actually overwrites every piece of the drive with random data.
Well it’s sort of important to do this.
I think your boyfriend is right.

Everyone I’ve known who decided to just go into the technology field on a whim have not succeeded.

If you REALLY want to, go ahead. I just think that without a lifelong passion, it’s going to be tough.
Darik’s Boot and Nuke is all you need.
No they are-noT.
8700K would work fine and would be a bit faster at stock than an 8700. But you of course can’t overclock, as you already know.
Read your motherboard manual.

You should look into using Google a little more often.
I reccomend you try what I said, besides the virus scan. Update your BIOS while you’re at it, but take extra care to do it right and not screw it up, or else you might brick your system.
Not gonna help.

Did you run a virus scan?

Have you slimmed down your Windows boot by disabling unneeded programs from initializing upon startup?

Have you manually installed the latest and proper GPU, Chipset, Network, and SATA/AHCI storage controller drivers?

Have you enabled the AMD equivalent of XMP so that your memory runs at the factory rated XMP speed and timings?
Why are you in Safe Mode?
>I guarantee I know exactly what you know.

I’m sure you do. Never stop learning, bud. There’s a lot out there to soak up, and I’m sure you will continue to be that sponge of knowledge as you become more and more acquainted with your PC.
I believe that you haven’t configured your computer properly, and haven’t gone through all of the potential troubleshooting options.
I have a good idea from seeing the types of questions you ask, and from you thinking that Windows 10 Pro is going to perform better than Home.

Your computer IS brand new and has great specs, no doubt. If you were taking care of it well and doing everything that you’re supposed to correctly, you wouldn’t be running into issues and having to ask questions about every single thing.
...Windows 10 Pro isn’t going to make ANY difference in performance over Windows 10 Home, and you will not use any of the advanced features that Pro has.

The reason your PC has so much errors is because your computer knowledge is limited and you don’t know what you’re doing. You need to really do your research and learn a bit more about computers and how to optimize and take care of your system and your OS.
Why do you need Windows 10 Pro?
Play CS: Source instead. It’s superior to CSGO.
What OS are you running?

What OS do you want to get?

There’s no reason why you’d have to pay for Windows again.
No, it doesn’t.

Even if this was a novelty account, it still doesn’t.

This is one Reddit meme that needs to die. Not everything in life is done because it’s ironic.
>it's because of the SSD, but still

What? No.
It’s unbelievably silly to compare iOS GarageBand to any legitimate Windows/Mac based DAW.
Thanks! What’s your point?
>and the environment

Why does this even matter?

Would anyone who isn’t a complete hardline tree hugging hippie actually get a refurbished device for the sole purpose of saving the environment?

Screw that.
No.
The last dab isn’t the real deal 
Sorry good sir
What do you mean?
No, it’s a creature in a world that belongs to God.
Storage and memory are two HUGELY different things.

Yeah, you can run Linux off of external STORAGE.
I already have great education and health care where I am. Crime is whatever, there’s going to be crime anywhere. As for top tier benefits? I can find and pay for those on my own dime, I don’t need the government to take a bigger piece of my pie and provide them to me.
I’m all for taxation to improve public infrastructure. That’s a stupid argument as you’d have to be batshit crazy to literally not want to maintain the roads that you drive on.

I’d rather have the freedom to shop for the paid services I desire rather than have the government choose for me.
Yeah it will be fine but don’t bother buying overly expensive, flashy memory. I’d get the cheapest you can find.
Not sure where you live now, but be prepared to pay up the ass in taxes if you move to a Scandinavian country.
You should be playing CS: Source.
Doesn’t surprise me you didn’t know it’s a modem, not an Ethernet card.

You were so confident in your assumption, and in typical millennial fashion, you got served.
You think?
/r/pcmasterrace is a mindless meme-ridden circlejerk filled with kids who know nothing about computers, lack basic problem solving/Google skills, and care more about hating consoles than actual PC hardware enthusiasm.

This shitpost belongs in /r/Ayymd, although I'm sure it's already been the top post there.
The way to make a YouTube following is to have good content, not to spam your subpar content all across Reddit.
It's so obvious. Why would you deny it when the writing is clearly on the wall? Give me a break, dude. I don't care that you make your YouTube videos, but you're promoting/spamming them in the most ingenuine way possible.
This looks strikingly similar to the diner where I lost my virginity...

If this is a real location, can you please do the low poly for the kitchen by any chance?
Yaa baby let's get them going give it to me
>EDIT; Nevermind, I’m an idiot I forgot I need to install an os

Wowza.
You NEED a tripod like a car needs wheels.
Jesus... Look at your recent post history, you're really trying to word your posts to whore out for views, huh?
Yeah.

http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/trainers-hate-him
You missed the fucking joke.
You missed the fucking joke.
Stop jailbreaking and update to iOS 11.3.
Why are you doing this
Duck Hunt
You need to do research before you screw up your computer.
Is that what you hope
Because it’s an awful show.

I’m not smart enough to understand it.
>As a chemical engineer I can assure you 

You clearly take yourself way too seriously as you took the bait to my stupid trolling ass iPhone picture resolution posts way too easily.

You just can’t help yourself, can you? It feels good to be right and to be able to tell people they’re wrong. I get where you’re coming from.

I’m sure you’re smart, but you need to learn how to play nice in the sandbox.
I’m so happy.
This is such a fucking joke.

Unless the TV can take a 4K 120Hz signal over HDMI and display it faithful to the transmission, then you’re full of shit, which the Sony x900 cannot, therefore you’re full of shit.

The panel is native 120Hz @ 1080p.

It will not run at 120Hz @ 2160p.
Have you run any benchmarks and compared it to similar systems?
I can’t believe this wasn’t found out sooner.
Why the hell would you just copy and paste a generic response?
What is your native language?

You need to raise your voltage slightly and adjust the LLC in order to maintain a stable voltage over a heavy load. Try and stay under 80C.
Show me a Sony x900 running native PC 4K @ 120Hz and I'll shut the fuck up.

I'm looking at purchasing the 65" xbr900f, and I'd like to know for sure what I'm getting.
You're a soft piece of garbage...
The Sony x900 does not support native 120Hz @ 4K.

You can’t hook your computer up to it and have a 4K panel running at native 120Hz.

Do you own a Sony X900?

Unless it's running HDMI 2.1, I'd like to see some real world results.
No they aren’t. They’re 120Hz @ 1080P or 60Hz @ 4K.
Do I get full mod permissions?
Cheerz bRuv
Terrible idea.
I didn’t ask how. I’ve removed thermal paste from dozens of heat sinks before.
He’s talking about Star Wars binary stars.
Dude I love vaping but I hate Rick and Morty.
How did you clean it?

Was it like this before?
So did you restore your phone?
Your opinion is wrong.
You don’t have to agree man, I respect your opinion. Sorry for arguing.
If you didn’t care so much, you wouldn’t have to justify your reasoning to me for taking a picture of a banana and a phone together because that’s what’s Reddit likes and upvotes.
Who cares, dude...

You thought adding a banana for scale to a photo of a 5 year old phone that everybody’s seen millions of times  would make all of the Reddit collective laugh because “oh you’re so damn witty and in tune with Reddit culture and memes, using that banana for scale... me and all of Reddit understand what that means, therefore we’ll post witty tongue in cheek replies to reassure you that you’re in the circle of humor”.
Are you using bots to artificially upvote this post?
Seriously. I made a post about this a few days ago. This shit just won't stop, will it? They've literally opened Pandora's Box.
"Check your background procesessssssssssssssssssssssssssssss"
C H I L L

T H E

F U C K

O U T

Your phone is fine.

You know why it dropped 1% in two days?

Because it was already close to dropping a percentage point when you installed iOS 11.3.

Stop looking at the battery capacity and just use your phone.
8 for the long haul.
Because it fucking looks fucking cool.
It’s fucking processed when it goes through the canning process which cooks it and then they add preservatives to it...
No shit, but he was feeding them processed canned corn. That’s what was interesting...
You answered your own question. Performance.
No, the Airpods utilize a frequency hopping spread spectrum with a private key that is exchanged upon Bluetooth/W1 initialization.
Every X case I've used wireless charges fine.
100%.

None of this matters.
The A11 Bionic is an amazing feat in mobile SoC engineering.
I don't know, dude... It's your project.

Do some research and think of something.
Where the fuck is the booze?
Maybe modify the case and add extra padding inside where the buttons contact the case.
No case is going to protect your screen like a tempered glass protector.

Why do they break easily? Are you dropping your phone or putting it in dangerous scenarios?

If your screen protector is breaking, then it's doing its job. It's a sacrificial layer. If you didn't have a screen protector, it would be your actual screen that's broke.
Touch the bar at the bottom of the screen and wiggle it up and down once.
Incipio DualPro.

I'm not sure why you think a tempered screen protector is a pain.

Wouldn't it being thin be a good thing?
Gave me a heart attack on my new monitor.
>I find that people who use terms like "wannabe" or "tryhard" tend to be rather insecure people who get upset that they don't get to be the only one who knows about whatever it is they are obsessed with.

Yes. It’s pathetic, isn’t it?
Circlejerk.
This game wasn’t a Nintendo exclusive... Bad Dudes was realeased on a TON of different platforms that weren’t Nintendo. Unless you’re one of those old people out of touch with reality who call any video game system a Nintendo...
> for some reason I thought the Ps and Xbox (independent of model) had strict copyright on their systems, games etc.

They do... That's never stopped anyone.
Yeah, my bad.
The one to the bottom is the GPU.

The one to the left is the chipset/northbridge.
It's fine. You won't have to buy Windows 10 again. If you do a transfer or a clean install, it will just work.
How could anyone forget or not notice that they have a screen protector on? It's so obvious.
Yeah.

It will actually perform better than the A1905 model, as the A1864 model contains a Snapdragon X16 modem, which is superior to the Intel XMM7480 found in the A1905 model.
It shouldn’t have been climbing up the pole.

It’s not a bad thing to control the squirrel population either way.
I wanna grab it :]
No
No
Thank you. I will consider it.
Something about it just doesn’t seem right - my photos look higher resolution than that because of post processing resizing
No. That information is open to interpretation.
I’m not spreading lies. My information as far as I know is correct, and you’re being difficult.
Move along, troll.
So you literally lose a fight and now you start attacking me? Way to be graceful in the face of defeat. Learn some humbleness.
Fuck off.
Wrong. Image processing is key here bud.
That’s not taking into account other factors such as pixel size and the image format used for compression
No, that’s wrong. That is the resolution of the iPhone 7.

Thank you for your input though.
That laptop is extremely slow. It will not play games well whatsoever. You cannot upgrade the GPU in a laptop. You’re stuck with what you have.
Yes.
9838x4124
Nobody cares.
Nice streak.
Because they found the recipe. It’s easy to make variants of a particular recipe.

This is why the patches cover these exploits as well. They’re so similar.
No. Update now.
Haha yeah man I love it
This isn’t a novelty account.
I’m not smart.
Thanks! I appreciate it, but that phrase is so overused. It really shows your lack of creativity when all you do is spew out generic memes.
https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/8840ra/london_bar_served_my_girlfriends_cocktail_in_a/dwi85fi/?context=3

Nice effort, you tryhard.

Someone recommends to post this on here and you just couldn’t help yourself to the “free internet points”, could you?

There’s nothing wrong with this. Sure it’s gimmicky, but there’s nothing functionally wrong with it.

Quit trying to shoehorn shit content into where it doesn’t belong.
Are you a Hot M.I.L.F COUGAR.?
Always.
> the only reason I'm staying on it is because of a potential JB.

Not worth it. Update to 11.3.
No you're just slower.
Seamless integration with iOS.
Do you think the whole “PC Master Race” movement is a bit cringey and circlejerky?
Wow, just as original as “can it play Crysis?” You need to step away from the memes and take a break.
Do you still try to remember how to put on your underwear by reciting to yourself "yellow in the front, brown in the back"?
Wow, you're so witty and funny. It's so funny because this card is so powerful and minesweeper has such low system requirements... I can't stop laughing. I swear I've heard something like this before but I'm not sure because I might have just blocked it out every single time I've heard it. You're so good with jokes and witty sayings. I'm going to tell everyone at McDonalds tomorrow and we will all chortle and laugh.
Grow up, dude. Not everything has to devolve into a stupid overused meme.
Thank you. People are so mindless and lack any remote sense of creativity that their brains automatically freak out back to middle school mode when they see a piece of HPC hardware and start spewing out shit like this.
All you need to replicate this is a specially made prism.
Don’t worry, they won’t be.

I love this subreddit, and I’m not a fan of T_D, but I hope that your wishes of censorship towards people with political views you don’t agree with will forever fall on deaf ears.
Dude, just calm down and don't worry about the file.

Delete it, run a virus scan for peace of mind, and move on.
Nope. I can tell the difference between a power cable and the headphone cable without looking at it.
Why are your fingernails so long yet so short at the same time?
That's what happens sometimes.

Did you adjust the AVX offset ratio?

Did you adjust the LLC level?

What are you using to stress test?
If you miss it so much, go back to Android.

Apple would NEVER let this happen in a million years, rightfully so.
Quit whining about the price of AirPods when you have an iPhone and an Apple Watch. Showing off your fake AirPods is incredibly tacky, cringey and distasteful.
Philip Morris Orbit
It still looks smooth because of the motion blur of having a 1/48 shutter speed.

High frame rate isn’t everything.
You’re not /u/mottrising.
What the fuck are you doing? You’re fucking up the entire post even more by not replying to responses and creating a new post thread.
Post in line, don’t fucking skip back to the front of the thread.
Fucking delete this post. You’re fucking up this entire thread and what we’re trying to do here.
Thanks! What’s your point?
Tell me, why do you think such?
I would
If he wanted a desktop, don’t you think he would have asked for desktop reccomendations?
It's a dog, not a doggo.
This looks like the same house where I lost my virginity.
Just use the Windows 8 key.
Why aren’t you plugged into the GPU... the actual part of the computer that displays video?
Did you plug it into the GPU or the mobo?
Good suggestions have already been made. I’d rather offer no suggestions as opposed to offering bad suggestions like what you did.
Make sure you read better next time.
He’s complaining about lag in a way that sounds like he’s talking about his computer speed not his internet speed.

He talks about lag despite lowering his resolution, it’s pretty obvious.
Internet isn’t his problem...
There has been an issue with Bryce Canyon that someone put a transponder on the summit that sends a reset signal to your iPhone. Park rangers have been trying to find the source but they haven’tyet. Keep your phone off if you ever go up there again
Unplayable.
That would run badly.
Yeah.
I’m not joking. 24FPS videos look much more impressive than 60FPS videos. Watching videos in 60FPS looks oddly strange, and you don’t get the same cinematic feeling as you do with footage shot in 24FPS.
It’s not future proofing to record at a higher framerates.
Not with videos. Recording videos at 60FPS looks like a soap opera recorded on a home video camera.
The i7-8700K’s base clock speed is 3.7GHz.
“Smoother” doesn’t mean better.
I’m talking about video, not gaming.
No it’s not. 24FPS video looks way more cinematic and aesthetically pleasing compared to 60FPS video.
Not even close dude, 60FPS looks like a home video camcorder soap opera
Dude what is wrong with you
Your preferences are wrong. 60FPS looks funny and unprofessional 
No, the motion blur created from a proper shutter speed ensures that the video looks smooth. 60FPS looks gaudy.
Then you should do 1080P 24FPS.
24FPS is much better
Are you sure dude? Do you wear white socks that turn brown on the bottom?
What about the other questions I asked
So buy a new one

Do you ever struggle with thoughts

Do you bite your nails

Do you find yourself hyperactive and fidgeting with your hands in uncomfortable situations

Do you play Minecraft
Thanks man, I appreciate it. I wasn’t even making an argument so it’s nice to see some misplaced recognition.
>Nvidia is doing I morally cannot support it by buying any of their products.

LOL. I didn’t realize we had some holier than thou self righteous social justice warriors in the PC community. Give me a break, dude.
*She’s an easy lover~
Rhode Island here - I hear ya guys and I’m keeping up to date.
I think you’re just a picky eater who loves to hate on the fan favorites.
Anker Karapax.
No, that’s Purrari Cat.
Gary Oldman looks like Purrari Cat.
STAY. OUT. OF. THERE...

YOU DO NOT NEED TO BE SNOOPING AROUND.
If you jerk off with a vibrator in your mouth, it also feels the same as well :]
Because I’m like a cat in a room with mice.
Computer wise, I know way more than you or anyone else on here.
I can already build one... I know more than you.
Yeah.
They were all terrible “jokes”.

It’s not like /u/welp42 didn’t know what happened in the video, it’s just that all of the content in the clip was so bland and shoehorned into being comedic content in an “LOL THATS WHAT HAPPENS IN RPGS TOO LOL xD :P” manner that it’s really hard to call whatever you wrote earlier being “jokes”.
I agree with you. This clip wasn’t funny.
How come?
**W O W Z A**

**W O W Z A**

**W O W Z A**

*Chat disabled for 3 seconds.*
All of them.
Did you install the rest of your drivers as well?
Why the hell wouldn’t you keep your drivers up to date?
ARM is more power efficient but the architecture is not suited for large data structures which desktop PC’s use.
It’s on her wrist.
...what?
These aren’t aliens, you got ripped off bro -

Not even close to the performance.

The seller is probably slicing his pepperoni nipples off and frying them in a pan with the amount of monney he scammed your dead rabbit wanna be ass with
Thank you for agreeing with me. Cheers.
What’s the film? I’m curious to check it out.
yet some wear condoms
If nothing else works, use some tape to hold it in a straight shape.
xXVaPeGaMeRZXx
I don’t need to compile a list of filmmakers as the list is obvious and you’re being petty about it.

Of course the silent era especially used framerates sub-24FPS, but the majority of films made in the modern era were shot in 24FPS. I’m not sure why you’re finding it so hard to identify some of the filmmakers who have shot in 24FPS. It’s blatantly obvious and as I said before, you’re being petty. I know you’re smarter than that.

http://www.imdb.com/search/title?groups=top_1000&sort=user_rating&view=simple

How many of the top films were shot in 24FPS? Don’t make me spoonfeed you.
The VAST majority of highly acclaimed motion pictures were/are shot in 24FPS.
...and hundreds of thousands of professional filmmakers who understand the aesthetic appeal behind 24FPS footage that you cannot achieve with higher framerates.
Of course. Movies and shows that are filmed in higher framerates don’t look pleasing.
HUMAN SLINKY
No, I’m serious.

For movies and video, 24FPS is superior to any higher frame rate.
No problem.

In certain scenarios, yeah it is.

24FPS is the best for movies and shows.
Yeah I do man, 24FPS video is king dude.

Anything higher is insanely distasteful and looks terrible.
It’s not right. If you do enjoy it you lack aesthetic sense.
Why couldn’t NVIDIA just give you GeForce Now for free?
This is my kind of day
Yeah, it sucks when you want to introduce something and only get critics..
Nah dude, you don’t want to use motion interpolation on video. It makes it look unnatural and gaudy.
No way, that would just butcher the native 24FPS video into looking like high frame rate soap opera garbage.
No, I’m still working with the source codr, taking time to polish it up...
It uses a LUT for the scene profile and cross compares a checksum with the server to initialize a specific CPU compute routine.
Op wasn’t talking about NVIDIA going into x86.
It works, I found an unconventional workaround.
If you don’t mind me asking, why do you say that?
Wait you mean just a laptop with access to GeForce Now?

No. That wouldn’t work. It wouldn’t sell.
Yeah but it would have to be less powerful than a 1050.
When I went to Dubai with my girlfriend on vacation we went to a club - she had her passport forcibly taken by men with wallets the size of Cadillacs, and I was forced to watch as she danced nude for these men on top of the gold-speckled marble round table in the middle of the nightclub’s VIP room.

It was a shitty horrible experience and I hope this isn’t representative of the country or it’s higher class.
I’m trying so damn hard to find your information data
Kinetic ejection pods for the higher ranking commanders on the ship, believe it or not. They had an oxygen supply to last ~6 hours and a radio beacon so that a trawler/recovery ship can locate the pods. 

That’s where a lot of the pods you see in anime’s got their inspiration from. It’s a pretty big less-known fact of the Japanese capabilities in WWII.
/r/Georgia is not for the country. It’s for the US state.
They are NOT COMPATIBLE.

It is NOT the same socket.

Different pin layout.

Even if they were compatible, it would be stupid to get a high end intel CPU with a low end monthervoard chipset...
It says the model number right on the card.
I’ve seen everything
It’s an Atheros AR9285 WiFi card.
I guess. That’s a tough pill to swallow.
Thank you for your advice...
Can’t go to the doctor. Would Imodium AD help with the symptoms? This sucks.
Ugh, that’s not something I really want to do right now :x

Is there anything over the counter I could take to help?
Nope.
Not sure, but I would always back up your files and do a clean install regardless.
Watching videos on a bigger screen feels less cramped? TIL.
Donut*
If your Razer Blade was bricked, it wouldn't turn on.

This isn't bricking. It's definitely apparent that the OS got corrupted somehow.
Google search of a text string from the post.
It's real. The post is 4 days old. You won't find it through hashtag search.
People are commenting on her Instagram where this is and she’s saying it’s the sitting room in the grand foyer in her house.
People are commenting on her Instagram where this is and she’s saying it’s the sitting room in the grand foyer in her house.
>Sorry, but you'd be surprised how much hate i seem to get whenever i mention i dislike AMD. Im talking outright "go die private messages" hate. So i respond with sass.

It doesn't surprise me, have you ever stopped by /r/AyyMD?
Don't worry me, I'll be just fine. You need to stop worrying about peoples feelings so much, it's sort of creepy.

I don't care that you hate AMD.

It's just funny that you don't consider yourself a fanboy.
> Im not an intel fanboy, I'm an AMD hater

LOL. Are you kidding me?
Obviously the fastest one.
 Did you install the Nvidia drivers 
Hotel rooms.
Why would a manufacturer specified XMP spec that is SUPPOSED to be enabled damage your components?
That’s because you’re a burrito snob and only eat at high end establishments where the burritos are hand crafted.
That doesn’t work.
When you get a burrito from Chipotle you NEED to ask them to double wrap it. It will make it so that your burrito does not fall apart when you are eating it.
[http://www.imgur.com/Vx4WBY8](https://twelve16.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/really-fat-guy-on-computer.jpg?w=373&h=278)
Me too dude. Sweet man. I love baking. Do you like vaping as well?
Nice. I love mods too. Do you like mods as well?
How YOU doin with that mod?
Thanks for contributing a mindless, cheap ass pun to an otherwise extremely interesting and informative thread.
Wow I didn’t realize how much I got downvoted for this.

Unless you’re using a telephoto lens on a SLR or equivalent, the moon will NEVER look good.
You replied to yourself, I'm obviously not going to get a notification for that.

This post is ridiculous, you're literally begging for upvotes posting about something that nobody cares about.

It's also seriously annoying how you won't stop adding text emojis to everything you post.
Stop.
Yes you’re absolutely right, thank you.
Why are you talking about space? Was that even an issue?
>Can’t wait to try and take a picture of the next super moon.

It’s going to look awful.
It’s a dog, not a doggo.
It’s a dog, not a doggo.
It’s a dog, not a doggo.
It’s a dog, not a doggo.
You’re right, I’d tell you regardless.

The only issue I have is that you’re literally making me want to go out and buy more products made out of leather. You’re absolutely insufferable with the way you’re shoving your opinions in everyone’s face. As you can probably see now, nobody really gives a shit about how leather is produced.

It’s a luxury item with an unparalleled look and feel. It even smells great as well. Leather has a long, cultured, prestigious history that I will continue to embrace into the future.

Animal suffering is certainly unfortunate, but that’s just how the cookie crumbles. It’s a fact of life - the sooner you accept that, the better.

I can’t kick you off your soapbox, but if this self righteous holier-than-thou demeanor you seem to hold so close to you helps you sleep at night, then so be it.

Just know that you aren’t even close to making a difference.

Your arguments will forever fall on deaf ears.
>I can't stop people being cunts.

You’re right, you can’t.

You can stop yourself from being one though if you give up the keyboard activism and quit shoving your worthless opinions down people’s throats.

Now, excuse me while I finish this ribeye steak then rub one out to the beautiful patina of my Saddle Brown iPhone X leather case.
Ok. What’s your point?
I will continue to buy leather products because I enjoy the look and feel. I don’t give a shit about how it’s made. All I care about is the end product. You’re fighting a losing battle. Leather is here to stay and there’s nothing you can do about it.
Why did you post this? You need reassurance in an echo chamber where everyone is going to agree with you and validate your beliefs? 

This is fucking pathetic.
Jailbreaking hasn't been worth it for a couple of years now.
Windows 10 won't make it slow.
Then let's dye it up ya fuck!!!
What version of Windows do you think it comes with
OP put the model in the description...
Huh?
You aren’t ready
Are you gonna go to the ATM machine as well?
It doesn't matter. Just charge your phone.
Nope.
Stuff like this literally takes minutes to implement. It’s not like they have to exclusively program and develop some sort of complex algorithm in order to spit out a witty response to a predetermined input...
What drug is it?
This looks great - do you mind if I show my autistic grandpa?

He's obsessed with raccoons and whenever he has a fit, looking through pictures of raccoons always calms him down.
I want to get one, but have no idea where to buy the card itself. Let me know if you find a site that sells just the card!
Did you update your 7265 with the drivers from Intel's site?

The Intel 7265 is a pretty good WiFi card.
i crys harda lol xd
Because it will be uncomfortable as shit to type on if they lower it.
How often do you reboot your phone?
Got ComptitsM lol
The shadow under the knife doesn’t look real at well.

The shadow is consistent throughout the background regardless of depth and lacks any parallax depth.
It looks wicked fake and photoshopped.
If you need to ask what they are, you don't need to worry about them.
Not everyone has a 3.60 Vita.
If you have to ask, you shouldn’t.

You’re obviously not a developer and you refuse to diagnose and troubleshoot your own problems. You’ve already talked about this in the past and you were “scared” of updating to the latest beta, only because you wanted new features.

You wouldn’t contribute anything to the community if you did install the beta.
Why do you care so much?
Why do you want screenshots?
God forbid the hospital doesn’t want to have a nurse who isn’t vaccinated.
This is really cool.
Hell no. Not even close.
How the hell do people come up with these ridiculous questions?
Me too dude... An entire sweet onion chicken teriyaki down the hatch. Fucking nuts.
Uhh, it's up to you...

Do you care if your phone screen cracks if you drop your phone?

Do you care about scratches on the screen?
Half speed on WiFi is reasonable. This isn’t even an iPhone issue...
Update to iOS 11.2.5.

You really have no reason to complain when you’re running on outdated software.
Yes I do put the conch in the basket or piggy gets the club to the head! LOLOL smh
The clanging sound of her metal bar hitting the ground right as she gets tased is the fucking icing on the cake.
You want iOS 11.
Scratches on ANY phone case are a way of life and will happen regardless of whatever you do... You just need to deal with it.
Sucks ass.
This isn’t an iPhone issue. You’re getting spammed by scammers.
No, what I mean is that you don't understand what you're saying.

The inherent benefits of reduced display latency that CRT's exhibit over more modern display technologies is based on the sheer speed that the electron gun can take the video input and shoot the image out onto the screen.

It really has nothing to do with analog or digital.
> Analog>digital

That's not it.
Applecare 
[I found this eBay link for blank LGA2066 CPU's.](https://www.ebay.com/itm/Intel-Socket-LGA2066-i9-Xeon-W-Blank-Processor/253411222031?_trkparms=aid%3D777003%26algo%3DDISCL.MBE%26ao%3D2%26asc%3D49923%26meid%3Dc42726fb0ac548959186af95272d877d%26pid%3D100012%26rk%3D3%26rkt%3D12%26sd%3D253395195070%26itm%3D253411222031&_trksid=p2047675.c100012.m1985)

Not sure if these ones work.
I don’t think you understand the issue.
Because this whole post is false.
Because you would have found it faster using Google, and you wouldn’t have come off as lazy.
What the hell is preventing you from Googling this easily findable information?
You shouldn’t avoid it... iOS 11.2.5 is the best release of iOS yet. Always keep your device up to date...
Update to 11.2.5.
Doesn’t matter.

You should always keep your iOS up to date.

Jailbreaking isn’t worth it anymore.

Not sure why an employee would help you get a lower version model. It makes no sense to crack open a bunch of sealed phones just so you can find one that’s outdated. That’s irresponsible and childish.
Nope.
DO NOT BUY AN AMD FX CPU.
That’s a complete load of crap. Leave the event log alone and enjoy your PC.
Yeah just use the CVT reduced hblanking
Why are you even looking at the event log?

Is your PC working fine?
Hopefully they don’t suck this time around again.
no i didnt
w8 so u mean this doesnt work everyttime??
It would be totally possible if Apple unlocked more capabilities to developers.

Thankfully, this would cause a huge shitstorm and would be literally be a reputation killer for which ever advertisers implemented it.
She pukes it up.
This doesn’t look good.
It's insane how so many people struggled to figure out how to use the current system to the point where Apple had to dumb it down even more.
Always keep up to date.
You can see the USB logo next to the port...
Look at these:

http://connector.pinoutguide.com/8_pin_Nikon_MC-DC2_proprietary/

https://www.datapro.net/products/usb-2-0-a-to-mini-b-4-pin-sony-proprietary.html

Would be nice to know what the hell the make and model of the device is question is.
I doubt that will fit. Don’t buy that.
That won’t fit. It looks like a proprietary hybrid AV/Data port for a digital camera.
Edit it out in post-processing.
https://www.reddit.com/r/emulation/comments/64ekk3/how_come_some_gba_games_have_12241996_as_last/
That’s strange man. It looks so weird.
No way. You just don’t understand the aesthetics of cinema.
Will the battery get damaged by charging the phone...?

Obviously not. That makes NO sense.

People REALLY need to stop worrying about this shit.

This is getting ridiculous...

There’s a reason why companies invest millions into the development of power management IC’s in order to mitigate “issues” like this.

This has not and never will be an issue.
Looks weird at 60FPS.

The video should be be rendered at 24FPS.
I never edited anything.
Not sure what you’re talking about.
...what? I was just trying to help you and offer help and you reply to me in this way?
I hope you find what you’re looking for! Let me know if you need any information.
AirPods*

Why the hell would any other wireless headphones not work?
Wireless headphones.
Get 11.2.5.
Auto brightness... it literally exists on EVERY smartphone.
Stupid idea.

Jailbreaking isn’t even worth it nowadays.
Did you even try...? Look at raw numbers.
Did you try and Google search this?
No
Yeah, it’s a beta...

You’re supposed to find these issues.

Report it to Apple or revert back to iOS 11.2.5
Then stop complaining and deal with the issues that come from refusing to update to the latest iOS version. I don’t know what you expect.
Update to iOS 11.2.5.
This is getting ridiculous.

It's actually been ridiculous for a while.
Jesus, dude... This question has been asked at least a thousand times since iOS 11.2 was released over two months ago.
Don't miss it.
I'm not sure how the hell everyone else in the thread missed this.
Low power mode is on. That's why...
No you're fine. Keep them both on.
"Out for delivery"

Love it.
Nobody can do shit here, I hope you reported this to Apple.
She stripped in Atlanta GA... not a surprise!

Best clubs in the US.
Let’s not.
Bad bot
I wanna fall sleep in sweet cheesy genital treats :]
Flip the orientation.
Did you reboot your router and ensure it's on the latest firmware?

What iOS version are you on?
Adidas Mouse
Update.
Nope.
It’s been like this for months since iOS 11.2, and has been covered extensively and beat to death.
Reboot your phone or stop jailbreaking and update to iOS 11.2.5.
You shouldn’t be using the beta version if you can’t even do your own research.
Update to the latest iOS...
No. There’s no good reason to anyways.

iOS 11.2.5 is superior to iOS 10.3.3.
Because the developers haven’t gotten to it yet.

Not sure what answer you’re expecting.
Yes
And it gets insta hate from people like me who do understand jailbreaking, because it simply isn't worth it anymore. I can totally understand back in the old days with antiquated iOSes, but I haven't missed a single thing about jailbreaking since.
You should remove your jailbreak and update to iOS 11.2.5.
Did you reboot your phone?
You're leaving yourself open to a shitload of security issues if you do not update to iOS 11.2.5.
Literally EVERY piece of software you use will include the previous patch fixes that older versions had.
If you're worried about this shit, you shouldn't even be touching the beta...

Beta versions are only for experienced users who are well aware of the risks and who have all of their backups in place. They really aren't for some average joe who wants to screw around with something risky on their daily driver and brag that they're on the iOS beta like it's some exclusive thing.

It's clear you aren't a developer or someone who would be able to contribute on the bug discovery/reporting channels, so you should definitely steer clear of ANY iOS beta and wait for the official iOS releases only.

Even if you do install it, you should be well aware that any issues you run into on an iOS beta are your responsibility to troubleshoot, fix, and report - not to go spam on Reddit for help with.
You should understand how the GM beta works if you’re going to use iOS beta versions.
Someone’s spoofing your number and screwing with you.
Get rid of your jailbreak and update to iOS 11.2.5.

See if that fixes it.
Yeah I know man, just kidding.
Hopefully one that will get you banned from whatever game you're using it with.
Haha lol wow so funy
Interesting! It definitely does saturate some colors.
Have there been any examples where a third party jailbreak developer has developed and released a security patch faster than Apple?

Jailbreaks are developed from security holes, and typically remove any sandboxing protection your stock iOS release had.
Still not worth keeping your iPhone on an outdated iOS version with security holes.
Try updating to iOS 11.2.5.
11.3.
No, they aren’t.
Why the fuck does every post on Reddit have to devolve into shitty mindless pun threads?
Update your iPhone to iOS 11 and you won’t have a problem.
Update your software...

I think it’s funny when people complain about problems with their phone when they deliberately refuse to update. Unless you’re running on the latest iOS, you really shouldn’t be complaining about any software issues with your phone.
LOL. You clearly have no idea what you’re taking about.

The Apple A11 is superior to the Snapdragon 835.
Am I the only person who jerks off with their non-dominant hand?
Enjoy your security holes and bug issues.
Yeah, that’s not iOS 11.2.2.

Enjoy your security holes and bugs.
THIS CAN'T BE FUCKING REAL.

PLEASE DON'T BE FUCKING REAL.

People are really like this?
Yeah, and you clearly love to self-promote your blog.
Agree to set up Apple Pay then cancel/click "not now" when available.
Because it requires you to allow you to have low level OS access, which is why Android is vastly more susceptible to security issues.
Not worth it to stay on an antiquated iOS version and leave security bugs open.
No way there would be a leather version that's comparable to the official version.
I haven't done it in years.
6th.
6.1.6.
> Don't downvote

Oh yeah dude?
Cavendish
This reminds me of why I stopped jailbreaking my iPhones.

Looks tacky and over excessive just to show off that you modified your iOS.
This has nothing to do with the ability of cameras to pick up infrared light.

Either way, what you said is wrong about old monitors flickering on camera.

That isn't caused by the framerate.

It's caused by the shutter speed of the camera not syncing up with the refresh rate of the monitor.
There's really no reason to post your battery life results on here. This result is just like a vast majority of other phones.
Frame rate has absolutely NOTHING to do with the fact that the CMOS sensors that cameras use can pickup infrared light much easier than a human eye ever could.
You should keep your phone up to date regardless.

Jailbreaking isn’t worth it.
What PC model is this?
No. It’s a PCI-Express Slot that you can use for more than just a GPU.
What phone, iOS version and how did you find out the health?
They don’t custom design them.

Just download the latest from Intel’s website...
Nope. To get you to pay for YouTube Red.
Ok.
Glad I could give you a chuckle!
They do this on purpose.
>Becouse i will keep thinking about my phone and I'll go to check fb feed ecc...

This is ridiculous.
Use your own self control and perseverance.

If you don’t learn it now, you’re going to have a hell of a time in the real world.
>Get a life

Says the person who can’t help themselves but comment on each remark I make about 24FPS video.

Why would I stop? I get a huge kick out of watching you get your panties in a bunch whenever I mention it.
It looks way more cinematic. It’s the frame rate that’s used in nearly every movie you’ve ever watched.
You need to get a silica dessicant to do anything. Rice is a slight myth. Might work, might not.
Go to the Apple store.
No. Spam.
Hope they find him. Easy doggy to spot out!
Too late and never too soon.

I was hoping this trend of posting a watch with your phone was over.
Get an iOS base level content blocker and use Safari.
Were your contacts exclusively linked to your work email?
I'm not surprised that you shitpost 24/7 in /r/jailbreak.

You'll grow up, eventually.
That's weird. I've never had a battery life issue with any iPhone I've owned. Not to say anyone else isn't, but I just can't relate with these issues.
Amazing.
I swear, PCMR users are on par with vegans and crossfitters when it comes to shoving their beliefs down other peoples throats. Go back to your circlejerk.
iOS 11.2.2.
Cool idea.

Should have shot in 24FPS.

Would have looked even better.
Hey look, and iPhone and an iPad...
Nope. You aren’t supposed to be able to downgrade. If you really want to open your iPhone back up to security holes, then do your own damn research.
Is she a pain in the ass?
Thank goodness.

 There’s already enough of these pointless photos being spammed.
6/6s/7/8 have always been top tier phones.
Congrats. Not sure what you expect with this screenshot. These Geekbench results are identical to every other iPhone X. Nothing out of the ordinary, and nothing that nobody doesn’t already know.
I’m here!

I’m ready to help you cum!
Yeah, everyone on iOS 11 has known for a while.

I think you just wanted to get some karma by posting your "witty" jailbreak modifications.

This is nearly akin to a woman saying she's ugly when she's really just fishing for compliments.
I wouldn't worry about it, don't even bother ever looking at your battery stats and just use your phone.
What iOS version are you on?
LOL. Jon Ryan looks like he should be [wearing these New Balance's](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/f9/1f/de/f91fde4c4c5136761be8349db8c34cf4.png) while mowing his lawn on a Sunday morning before sitting down on the couch and cracking open a beer for the 1 o'clock game.
Yeah, it's ridiculous. People can't help but follow the leader.
Yes he did
You butchered that really badly...

*Don’t look at me while I’m fucking talking to you.*
No
Miles Jack is a funny man who makes funny noises and plays football.
Wahah! waaaaaaah!
Right as they are about to climax
Welcome
It does the thing!
Footling Raseey
Yeah.
Stop the game! Mariota has a family!
Because it was a touchdown celebration...
You should update iOS.
Nobody cares about your jailbreak here.

You should remove your jailbreak and update.
You can faintly see the beginning of the infrared spectrum.
Cause nobody does their job.
Yeah ooookay.
Get a waterproof case and use one for porn videos in the shower
Funny because I just got done watching an AprilEighteen scene. Her ass is incredible... I like VampireCollective as well because her butthole isn’t bleached and looks a bit more natural... love the girl next door!
Waah waaah waaaaah the signing of the OSes wasn’t even intentional.
These apps are bullshit and are not reliable.
Clear safari cache and get a content blocker.
No there aren’t.
No there aren’t.
Download the update. Don’t be stupid.
These photos all look weird and have clear portrait mode flaws.
No. This is a stupid petition made by whining kids who desperately want to jailbreak. This isn’t going to happen.
Haha, seriously man.

I gotta admit, you're adamant, even if it's in all the wrong ways.
This is your third goodbye.

You simply can't help yourself, can you?

It's people like you that I give reasons for people not to jailbreak their phones.
I'm glad I could teach you something.

Keep an open mind, you might learn something more one of these days.
> I am not trying to decompile software and such.

You can't just say you aren't going to commit one of the terms of the license agreement and think everything's going to be fine.

That's not how real life works, buddy.

Again, read what I posted before, except in bold:

> (d) You may not, and you agree not to or enable others to, copy (except as expressly permitted by this License), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, decrypt, **modify, or create** derivative works of the iOS Software or any services provided by the iOS Software or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or by licensing terms governing use of open-source components that may be included with the iOS Software).

Do you understand why this petition of yours will go absolutely nowhere?

Apple is under no obligation, and would never have any reason to cave in to an online petition.

Even if someone wasn't going to jailbreak, Apple is protected, based on the fact that these legacy iOS versions have bug/security issues that were fixed in more recent versions. It would be reckless to redistribute them to the public.

>With all do respect I really don’t care.

Pretty big response from someone who's vehemently supporting a cause they believe in.

What a great personification.

http://images.apple.com/legal/sla/docs/iOS112.pdf

Page 2, article D:

>(d) You may not, and you agree not to or enable others to, copy (except as expressly permitted by this
License), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, decrypt,
modify, or create derivative works of the iOS Software or any services provided by the iOS Software or
any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable
law or by licensing terms governing use of open-source components that may be included with the iOS
Software).

Good luck with your silly petition.
Are you just going to keep repeating yourself with the same arguments that are nullified by the terms and conditions that Apple has put forth in order to render “petitions” like yours invalid?
Again, why should Apple allow users to reinstall legacy iOS releases with security flaws?

They control the ecosystem, and iOS security is certainly in their best interest.

This petition's purpose is only to allow people to jailbreak their phones.

Why would Apple allow that?
What? You already said this to me.

Are you planning on copying and pasting the same response to anyone who doesn't agree with you?
I swear, someone gives you a taste of something accidentally and you want the whole damn thing afterwards.

Hell, you'll even make a petition about it.

There's a reason why Apple swiftly reversed the signing of the legacy OSes.

It was a mistake, **and they are insecure.**

You've created a petition that is literally telling Apple to reopen security holes that may compromise the devices of the people that use them. Why would they do that?

Why would they open themselves to that liability?
A minimum amperage charger isn't going to prolong your battery life by any noticeable amount.
Overpriced limited down phone?

As far as I've seen, the iPhones crush the benchmarks and look amazing in applications that utilize the A11 Bionic.

Overpriced? You don't have to buy it.

You've willingly bought into Apple's ecosystem, and you need to play by their rules. It's in Apple's (and the consumers) best interest that they deny you from installing obsolete iOS versions that have potential security flaws.

>but some of us have experienced the massive potential it has when we can customize it to our liking.

So, this is a petition to try and force Apple to allow you to jailbreak your phone?

Do you realize that jailbreaking is achieved through circumventing kernel security in iOS?

So, your petition is to allow Apple to reopen their iOS security flaws that were patched with newer versions?
This isn't going to happen, and it's a stupid idea.

Why would Apple allow more platform fragmentation, which will complicate their support channels with complaints of bugs on legacy OS releases that have already been fixed in newer iOS versions?

*BUT MUH JAILBREAK!!!1!*

Well, grow up.

Shit doesn't last forever.

Either have the foresight to not update from your current iOS version and have the know-how to deal with the issues you may incur from using an outdated iOS version, or update and receive all the bug fixes and feature enhancements from the official source.

It's hard to take 99% of petitions from *change.org* seriously, and trust me... This isn't one the 1%.
Stop worrying about things that don't matter.

Just charge your phone with the supplied charger.
Exactly. Yet again. Thanks.

All these other people advising otherwise should ACTUALLY read the post and see that OP is clearly trying to find a way back into a phone that he forgot the passcode for, and that he obviously isn't trying to get rid of a carrier lock.

I swear, people are so ready to jump on shit without paying any attention to detail.
I'm not sure what you're thinking, but they will not, nor have the capability of casually removing a passcode for you.
So you're telling me that Apple will remove/reveal your iPhone's passcode for you?
A simple Google reverse image search revealed this...

https://www.macrumors.com/2017/09/13/new-interview-adventure-game-sky/
Gotcha. Unfortunately there's nothing the carrier can do to bypass the PIN. It is an older phone, and there may be some (insanely advanced) ways to access your information (especially since the secure enclave isn't present on the iPhone 4S), but it could involve removing the PCB and wiring it up in a way where you can brute force the PIN without running into the time limit where you enter the PIN too many times.
Exactly. Activation lock was never even an issue brought up in this thread.
OP is trying to access photos on a phone that he hasn't used in years, that he doesn't know the passcode to.

This doesn't sound like an activation lock issue.

It sounds like OP is wondering if the carrier/Apple can remove the passcode so he can access his photos on an old phone with a passcode that he doesn't remember.
>I have no idea what the passcode is

So if you show a receipt and all that, you can get Apple to bypass the passcode for you so that you can access your phone?

Based on context such as wedding pictures and not knowing the passcode, it's obvious that OP means unlocking pertaining to gaining access to the phone as opposed to unlocking carrier wise.
Nope. Carriers have nothing to do with Apple's inherent security features.
It works most of the time. It sucks in bed, and doesn't work when it's on a table in front of you.
What iOS version are you using?
It doesn’t have a virus.
Force close the music app.
It literally says “Erase All Content and Settings”.
Then don’t complain about any issues you may have because you refuse to update.
Update to iOS 11.2.2.
Security issues and it increases platform fragmentation which is a bad thing.
Nope.
I wouldn’t, there’s really no reason to.
Anker Karapax.
Always keep your iOS up to date, download an ad/content blocker for Safari, and use a case and a screen protector!
Wikipedia. Google search.
I would. I did and it was great.
You obviously still have no idea what you are talking about.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamic_frequency_scaling

Read it in you native language. Thank you.
You have no idea what you are talking about or how CPU’s are supposed to work.

Do you understand how a human heart works?

Why does a human beat slower when the human is at rest as opposed to beating faster when a human is exercising?
That depth of field is terrible. This really isn’t the kind of photo that’s framed decently enough to show the strengths of portrait mode. 
That’s a bad idea.
You are seeing the 60Hz flicker of artificially generated light at 240FPS, it’s a lot more noticeable than at 120FPS.
I’m not justifying shit. You don’t get what I’m saying.

When the SoC is not under a full load, the CPU will downclock itself in order to conserve battery. In idle states, CPU’s do not need to run at full clock speed. This may be a case of OP’s CPU not running at full speed because it is in a semi-idle throttle state. Just like any other modern CPU will do in the same scenario.
Finally, someone who actually understands and doesn’t just assume a battery.
I’m not talking about battery power.
8+
Not gonna happen.
You broke your phone screen... I don’t know what you expect outside of getting a screen replacement.
Yes, it’s really important. Update. You should be updating to the latest iOS regardless.
You sure it’s not because it’s in a lower power stage?
Don’t worry about it, I’m not trolling. I’m telling you as a fact that 24FPS looks better than 30/60.
Is this your phone? Use the passcode to unlock it first.
It’s a joke...
Because nearly every movie you've ever watched has been shot in 24FPS and is the cinematic standard.

FPS isn't everything.

Shooting videos in 60FPS makes it look like a soap opera or like it came from a handheld camcorder.

Shooting in 30FPS just makes it look like it was shot from any smartphone.
Yeah. You need to bring it in for service or try and fix it yourself.
Happy cake day! Give me upvotees!
I eat all the tomalley and everything inside the lobster. It's honestly the best part flavor wise.
Titan A.D?
Are you running the latest iOS?
Oh haha. That's my favorite breed of dog

You can't remove it.
That nasty smudge that only shows up on OLED screens?
Nope.
Turn off background app refresh for the apps that you feel don't need it.
You should have shot it in 24FPS, man.

It would have made it look insanely cinematic, fitting well with what you were trying to go with.
Yeah, in a really bitchy way?
OOOH.
Thanks for letting us know?
There have been content blockers available since iOS 9.

It’s an ad blocker.
Yup.
[http://www.imgur.com/VsQ4Px](http://krapps.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/megamaniphonewallpaper1_thumb.jpg)
Did you ensure that Corsair Link was updated to the latest version?
You can only take a cellular network and use it as a WiFi hotspot.
Are you on the latest version of iOS? Are you using any content blockers?
No.
Went here for my buddies wedding. Loved it!

Great thing about RI is that literally everything is close to home, haha.
You're spamming your website all over Reddit.
You really love spamming your website, huh?
Yeah, when I updated it stopped happening. It hasn't happened since I got 11.2.
What? When?
I used to, it hasn't happened in forever.
It's software... Update to iOS 11.2.2, and ALWAYS keep up to date.
What iOS version are you on?
Yeah, first you put the soft shell on then the hard shell goes on the outside of it.
You're two months late and this is ridiculous.

*"Gotta get on my grind heavy LOL YOLO swag gotta watch my Twitch streamers and listen to my SoundCloud hiphop artists LOL... Gotta get down with that urban millenial lifestyle haha make sure my Instagram is poppin' gotta get those subscribers so make sure you smash that like button and subscribe and keep on chasing clouds bros... Haha lol peace bros hit up my SNAPCHAT crying emoji crying emoji"*
https://www.google.com/search?q=iphone+upgrade+program+credit+score

[First result:](https://www.imore.com/iphone-upgrade-program-faq-everything-you-need-know)

You probably won't be able to.

Honestly, you're better off heading over to /r/personalfinance and asking there. Spend responsibility and never live beyond your means.

Don't be afraid to Google your questions. It's a great resource to get the information you need.
No. As has been widely covered over the past day, it's only Spectre fixes for Safari/WebKit.
Yeah mine got grippier with time. It was really slippery when I first got it.
I can't watch this. I'm so scared.
I don't blame her for pressing him.
> this fucking chick started asking me where the camera was.

You sound like you're pissed off that she was concerned about being recorded in a gym.
>  One of the problems is certain programming languages can’t be run on arm based chips

CPU's don't execute programming language as code.

Once a developer is finished coding an exectuable for a platform, it's then compiled down to lower level machine code for the target platform archtechiture (x86/RISC).
Incipio DualPro.
That's a bad idea. You should always keep your iOS up to date.
Doesn't matter, OP's iPhone 7 probably isn't being throttled due to battery issues anyways.
We're literally talking a ~1% margin of error and a combined ~2.5% margin of error with the benchmarks. Your benchmarks will be higher and lower every time you run the benchmark...

That's normal.

iOS 11.2.2 changed NOTHING with the iOS core, only Safari/WebKit.

Anyways, why the hell are you doing these benchmarks in low power mode?
Bad bot
What if you're doing something with the stopwatch and you want to access another app?
1. Because they needed to do a quick patch of the Spectre exploit in Safari/WebKit.

2. Because iOS 11.2.5 isn't ready yet.

3. Because iOS 11 has had many issues for a lot of people so Apple is working overtime to keep fixing issues.
Yeah... It's called margin of error.
If what you think I said was rude, you need to grow a thicker skin.

Anyways, this isn't even a novelty account.
>but the new software is more intensive and uses more energy causing the battery to die faster

You just said that iOS 11 throttles your phone to consume less power.

Either way, any iOS is typically going to be more intensive under healthy battery scenarios, as more features are added and the potential rare memory leaks that are yet to be patched in third party app updates. I personally have never had any serious issue that wasn't fixed by a single restart at the worst.
An iOS update cannot modify the lithium battery's chemistry in order to make it degrade faster. Batteries will die at the same rate across the board. That's how lithium batteries have behaved since their creation and introduction to the market.

The iOS update to throttle phones was instated as to prevent the phone from shutting down when the lithium battery can no longer provide a sufficient amount of power to the SoC under certain load scenarios.
Yeah, you should have to upgrade in order to receive support.

By staying up to date on the latest iOS ensures a more homogenous ecosystem and helps to rule out issues you may have had in previous iOS versions.
So then you should update to iOS 11.
Force close the music app.
That's how it should be. It will help to rule out any issues caused by refusing to upgrade to the latest iOS.
/r/iOSBeta
DAYUM!
I LOVE THE GAMES!
You know, a Google search for "geekbench iphone results" yields the official Geekbench results browser...

https://browser.geekbench.com/ios-benchmarks
Why is this even a question? UPDATE, AND ALWAYS KEEP iOS UP TO DATE.
The update specifically says the update is for Safari and WebKit.
Go back to /r/pcmasterrace.
Yeah!!! Yangkees sux!
I hope they don’t go to Worcester.

I always loved the convienence of having the ballpark so close to home, can literally get an Uber for dirt cheap and get loaded at the game on a summer night... If they moved to Worcester that wouldn’t happen anymore :/
It’s always been safe.
Keekly*
Not if you’re jailbroken.
The whole PCMR thing is a cringey circlejerk. I bet my PC is better than yours.
They don’t look even close to the same. 60FPS is too smooth for any respectable video. 24FPS is way more cinematic and looks much more professional.
No I haven’t, but I’ll tell you that if you’re cutting out frames at a disproportionate rate that doesn’t scale down to a whole number factor without any remainder, and you’re not running at a 180 degree shutter angle (1/48 second shutter speed) you’re going to get terrible results.
Switching to 24FPS post production doesn’t produce the same results as true 24FPS recording.
Why does she need to know?
So all your videos look like soap operas?
Are you using a fake notch?
This is why you should shoot in 24FPS, everyone.

It's superior to 30, and especially superior to 60FPS.
What version of iOS are you running?
You shouldn't jailbreak.
Definitely stick to 4K 24FPS.
I would stick to 4K 24FPS my man.
Would be good for you to not tell people what to do in a way where you sound holier than thou.
Nobody fucking took cancer and got addicted to it.

Shame on you for comparing cancer to drug addiction.

That’s insanely screwed up that you trivialize cancer to the level of drug addiction.

*Yeah, I had loved ones who died from cancer who didn’t succumb to life ruining substances.*
What did he say?
Shitty joke. You can't even spell right.
Still waiting for the revocation of my downvote.

You gonna upvote me or what?
I hope to God you're right.
Contact them.
Ok.

I have the same issue, and Bank of America isn't going to read this.

Message the developers. 
It would make me very happy.
Ask me if that would make me happy~
I know I’m just kidding man.

It’s just funny because I’ve heard different iterations of this argument supporting HCC CPU’s by giving these funny hypotheticals of power users in a room with a 6 monitor setup hacking into the mainframe. It’s funny and I’m not mad at you. Give me my upvote back.
Yeah because everyone all of a sudden is a video producer who loves to play with physics sims while streaming to your two twitch followers.
Because it's a nearly 6 year old CPU that was already struggling to keep up back when it was released. It utilized a seriously flawed and inefficient architecture, and was generally met with poor reception at the time. Hell, even Core i5 Sandy Bridges released the year before were beating it.

It doesn't cut it because you haven't used anything better. To each their own, but when you do finally upgrade, you'll definitely notice a huge difference.
I do, I can't wait.
Yeah baby, let's slather some buffalo sauce all over those bitches and have ourselves a meal!
No, you should update to iOS 11 and always keep your devices updated.
Yeah.
You put soap in the dishwasher?
Search up the Geekbench result browser...
11.2.1 is the best.
Possibly an issue with the oleophobic coating.

Do you work with chemicals?
Just update to iOS 11.2.1. Jailbreaking isn’t worth it.
You can see NIR faintly at the very end of the visible spectrum.
Nope, it’s the same infrared light. NIR light is still visible at the extremes of the spectrum.
Pretty easy to find pictures of it my man
Nah dude there are plenty pictures of this case/phone combo online.
Dude I got a case too but I didn’t feel the need to show everyone the same case that we’ve already seen a million times. Hope you enjoy it though!
> We're currently working on that.

Oh yeah? What are you doing about it?
Upgrade to the latest iOS and see if that fixes it.
What iOS version are you on?
You answered your own question...

Batteries degrade on all devices. Not sure what you’re expecting.
As I said earlier, an OS update can’t accelerate the degradation of your battery.
LOL. You’re an idiot if you think that the latest iOS updates actually make the battery degrade faster. Learn a bit about lithium ion batteries before you go spewing this misinformation.

They throttled the phones in order to prevent your phone from shutting down when the battery reaches a level of degradation where it can’t supply enough power to the SoC when it’s running under load at maximum frequency.
Content blocker.
Why are you enabling  laziness?
Search up “iPhone battery replacement UK” in Google... not sure why you had to post this to find the information.
You will have to use shorthand interpretation in order for the characters to register and also redo the LTE connection settings manually 
/r/shittyoverusedmemes
What iOS version?
Did you reboot your phone?
Old news and how is this relevant to /r/iPhone?
Desktop site is way better
Desktop Reddit in Safari
Hook your computer up to iPhone and use file explorer
This isn’t a novelty account.

/r/iOSBeta
You’re on the Beta. You’re supposed to troubleshoot this yourself and use the proper bug reporting channels to deliver this to Apple. Stop complaining and revert back to iOS 11.2.1.
No.
Maximus X Formula.
Yeah... This was a hugely stressed feature when the iPhone 7 first came out.
Android supports Android Auto in many cars that also support CarPlay. You don't need to tell anyone anything, nearly everything you said is incorrect - you're just throwing obvious shit against the wall for the hell now of it because you're definitely not contributing anything of real substance.

There's nothing wrong with wondering when more third party applications will be CarPlay compatible. You're being unbelievably ignorant by offering silly suggestions when the aforementioned wasn't even the topic of discussion.
Mapping and navigation are still closed to third party developers.

/u/UniquePebble is right on this.
No, it's Apples fault.

They refuse to release navigation based CarPlay API's to third party developers as that will allow people to ditch Apple Maps for Google Maps/Waze.
Higher frequency signals have more bandwidth potential, but they also have a harder time penetrating through walls than lower frequency waves.
I’ve been well aware what it is for a while now, I was an active user for a bit. It’s a toxic circlejerk.
What’s your point?
Nice setup, but this whole “PC Master Race” thing needs to stop.
Oh well. You apparently don’t know how batteries work.
Apple intentionally modified the battery chemistry to make the battery degrade faster?
No. You need to use a case.
Update to 11.2.1.
NO.

Where the hell do people pull these questions out of?
Keep all of your software up to date.
Karma whore.
Brought ya up to 1 grand baby!
Yeah.
There have never been any battery problems for the iPhone 8 on ANY iOS.

Update to iOS 11.2.1, and always keep your iPhone up to date.
Story, please!

What the hell happened, and how does the iPhone look overall?!
/r/AppleWatch 
Just let the phone charge, man. It'll be just fine.
Who knows if it's even going to be a thing.
That's why when I use it I like to huff some glue, chug a beer and eat some cat food so I can sleep through the burning.
I'd be scared of stagnant water causing mold.
*Bernie Sanders intensifies*
The only reason I could see bringing an iPhone into a sauna is to record the hot sexparty.
It’s not waterproof. It’s water resistant.
Cute! Hope you feel better now.

I feel like you're more offended, you needed to come back to /r/jailbreak and post this to get positive reinforcement from your friends in this echo chamber.

https://www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/7n0r7c/discussion_riphone_in_a_nutshell/

This happened a couple days ago. I'm not sure if you're trying to incite a downvote brigade, but just so you know it's against Reddit policy.
Then stop bitching about iOS issues when you refuse to update to the latest release.
You’re supposed to use them in still, not perspective.
Maybe you should update your iOS to the latest version then.
Lens flare.
Don't worry about it.
What were you thinking you could have done with two crushed Airpods?
You need to get new ones.
Increasing the resolution of the image isn't going to do anything.

This one actually looks worse, you're running it through Imgur's compression again.
Of course it did. Haven't you ever heard of fixing something by turning it off and back on again?
You're confused.
These apps are bullshit.
No, it's not. Even if it was, why would you feel the need to point it out?
Did you reboot your phone?
It was never not safe...
8
No thanks.
Oh baby a triple!
Brandin Cooks looks like Don Cheadle
Doin Lewis is amazing
It’s purely sexual 
LOL. Bademosi’s flop reaction slower than dial-up internet.
Nope
Leave it alone it won’t help.
Not too much... go for Jesse James today.

Landry is TE centric so expect big yards
Grab Lewis... juju won’t see much today
Yes play him and start Jesse James 
My iPhone 6 I got in 2014 is at “75%” battery health, according to those BS battery apps, and I ran a constant geekbench loop on it last night and it was not being throttled. I have never had a battery issue with any iPhone I’ve owned over the past 9 years.
Whatever you want.
 Did you even run any benchmarks to see if your SoC was throttling?
Fake.
Great portrait photo!

But for gods sake, read the fucking rules:

>Image posts with camera photography will be removed. Try /r/iPhonePictures, /r/iphoneography, or /r/itookapicture. Images of iPhones/Apple products are fine.
I wouldn't take any at all.

I'd wait until I could get both at the same time.
No... It will reset your network settings, like it says.

If you want to wipe your phone and return it to new, the setting above the aforementioned is the one you want.
The stock iOS keyboard is the same color.

The color of your keyboard is something that you're going to have to bring up with the developers of SwiftKey.
Oh okay, so disregard whatever garbage I said before.

Sorry dude.

Go to Settings > Reset > Reset Network Settings.

Do that.
>Do I need to contact the company behind that?

Hell no. Never.

Go into your router settings (192.168.1.1 usually), and ensure that the firmware is up to date.

Also, I should ask, is this just with your WiFi or ANY WiFi network you connect to?
You should check.
No.

It's to accommodate for the bezelless design of the iPhone X.

I'd love to see you complain how it's hard to type if they removed it and lowered the keyboard down, because it certainly would happen.

Look at how you hold your phone and think for a second.
Thats because you like butts
Call Apple.
Have you updated your router to it's latest firmware version?
Yeah, for the most part.
1. Everything except FaceID *sometimes*
2. FaceID *sometimes*
3. Anker Karapax
4. Incipio DualPro
5. An Anker wireless charger
Looks beautiful, but humans look from top to bottom naturally.
Try Geekbench and 3DMark.
>what do you think can get rid of this ?

Better memory management routines in a future iOS release.
Go into Safari settings (in iPhone settings), then hit "Clear History and Website Data".

Look into a content/ad blocker as well if you haven't already.
This bends my mind.
Probably never.
You didn't reply to me, and I'm still telling you that your iPhone 8 will not throttle.
Yours should be right on par. That's strange. An iOS update shouldn't make that much of a difference.

Try closing all of your open apps

Turn on airplane mode

Shut off your phone

Then plug in your charger to make it turn on

Then run Antutu.
Holy shit. /u/Hemukurra, I scored 239k.

That was after putting my phone in airplane mode and rebooting while connected to power... 
Your iPhone 8's SoC will not be throttled with new updates.

If anything, the newest updates will enhance your experience.
~~We aren't overclocking our i7-8600K's and GTX 1080 Ti's, man!~~

~~Pretty much what you get is what you get.~~

I'm on iOS 11.2.1, let me run Antutu and I'll get back to you in a few minutes.

EDIT: Your score is WAY too low.
I use the Anker Karapax, and it works and looks great.
I'm not sure if you can directly exchange a non-Apple phone.
Yeah, that's what I've done in the past. Especially since it's so cold in RI right now it's even more important.
I can't say that you're wrong about that.
So you want moderators to start removing comments that you disagree with?

Along with you singling out my comment for vote manipulation, you really don't seem to understand how Reddit works.
Because I feel like my personal preference is the right decision.
Users at /r/iPhone aren't posting unedited screenshots of comments they disagree with in said subreddit where the content of is strongly defended. It's only natural that I was going to get a lot of heat for this, just like throwing a piece of meat into a cage of lions. That's vote brigading.

A bunch of people browsing a subreddit and stumbling upon a comment they disagree with, and downvoting it ISN'T vote brigading.
Of course they have. No doubt about that.

That's one of the reasons I really don't have a need to jailbreak anymore. I have a personal preference to consistently stay on the latest iOS releases.
Because I wasn't aware of this post, and it now makes sense why the post in question is being downvoted so much. You incited a downvote brigade on said comment.
Yeah, it's because my comment was posted to /r/jailbreak and this post is experiencing a downvote brigade from the users of /r/jailbreak.
I used to use MyWi to tether my iPhone 3G to my laptop back in the old days and I used the Rock Store and Cydia way more than I used the App Store back then. I'm familiar what you can do with a jailbreak, but I grew out of it.
No. It's not as great as it used to be in the old days.
Yeah. What's your point, man?
You sound like Joe Roggan too
You sound like Joe Roggan
/r/shittywimhof
Holy shit, you’re being way too cynical.

Always keep your phone up to date.
4K / 24FPS is the way to go.
Hell yeah. 24FPS is the BEST way to record video. It looks so damn good, and certainly rivals lower end DSLR’s I’ve noticed.
Ok.
Ok.
The smudge up top? Part of the OLED issues with certain blurred wallpapers.
Meh, still not as good as iOS 11.2.5 is going to be.

I stopped jailbreaking years ago, I didn’t have any need for it anymore. I find it to be a lot better just keeping up to date with the latest iOS releases, and I’ve never had any major problems arise from doing so.

Jailbreaking isn’t what it used to be back in the old days.
The battery replacement is going to cost you the full price.
That was a really bad decision to throw away a working iPhone because of a cosmetic issue, and not even wipe it of your personal info and photos...

There's really no way to make it his without you giving away your password or wiping it in person.
Are you overclocking through the BIOS or Intel XTU?
I think any sort of excessive PC/Console fanboyism is awful and immature.

PC's and consoles both have their pros and cons.
The ability to Google their problems and curiosities.

General passion and excitement about learning about computer hardware and software.
Do you have an interest and decent knowledge in computers already?
So impractical. I just want hot chocolate...
No that's what ladies have once a month.
PG Tips language Full Stop haha
Sounds like a horrible idea.

Jailbreakers are right on par with vegans and crossfitters when it comes to cramming their opinions down other peoples throats.
Or let people enjoy their consoles of they want to. You don't need to try and shove PC gaming down everyone's throat at every opportunity.
How about you let console users enjoy their games?

I swear, people like you are what give PC hardware enthusiasts a bad name.
Of course you wouldn't, go back to your PCMR circlejerk.
Thanks baby. I just think it’s funny that you think Apple disabled CarPlay on older iOS releases based on your own silly anecdotal evidence.
Oh well. Switch to Android then.
No, I used to jailbreak back in the old days but I feel like nowadays it’s completey unnecessary and has been relegated to kids who want to show off their silly themes to their friends at school.
It’s pointless nowadays. Especially on a such a flawed release such as iOS 11.
Batteries degrade. This isn’t news.
You’re being unbelievably shortsighted and ridiculous. Apple does NOT block CarPlay on older iOS releases in order to get people to update.
Hell no.
Run a benchmark.
Yeah but soup kitchen food gives you diarrhea.
...read the article.

>is offering anyone with an iPhone 6 or later a battery replacement for $29 **starting in late January** through December 2018 — a discount of $50 from the usual replacement cost.
I would try and do a clean restore.
Should have waited. It was obvious that Apple was going to release a statement and provide an appeasement service. This isn't anything new with them.
Burnout Paradise
Ya think?
You should always keep updated to the latest version of iOS.

Jailbreaking is not worth it whatsoever.
No it's not. These apps are compete bullshit and you should not worry.
1-2% with nothing disabled, everything normal.
Nope. Never had any battery issues with any of my iPhones over the past 9 years of owning them.
It will ruin the oleophobic coating.
It’s as harmful as looking at your cellphone screen. So, not harmful at all.
FaceID is way more advanced than Windows Hello.
Uhh... why are you asking?
You can’t provide a source, can you?

Because what you’re saying isn’t true.
Can you show me an example where an Apple Ax SoC uses custom instructions that deviate from the ARMv8-A microarchitecture / AArch64 instruction set?
Because it is actually related to battery issues.

And I’ve never had a single issue before.
Core i7?
Yeah.
Delete any connection profiles on the head unit and reconnect. Try a new cable.
nobody thanked you
Not Apple’s fault.
TTY accessibility.
Yeah it happened when I let my dog use my phone.
Hopefully they will start Mike Sofa this week.
REE REE!! IM PICKLE RICK! Lol
No
James Harrison has been known to still have a direct line with Tomlin. This is simply nothing but a reconnaissance mission in order to aid the Steel City in learning the intricacies of the D.
> Any app you use to gauge battery health is total bullshit.


Any app you use to gauge battery health is total bullshit. Stop worrying about your battery, it’s fine.
Yeah, nobody else cares either.
I don’t really care... these pointless battery screenshots are posted every day.
They wiped it and now it’s stuck in activation lock. They did not access any of your information.
Absolutely. I always upgrade to the latest version and I have never had any problem. It’s silly not to update.
Big siffwr nice.
If what you think I said was rude, you need to grow a thicker skin.

This isn’t a novelty account.
Absolutely NOT.
I like to have a stable, secure device.
Thankfully, all you can use is iOS 11.2/11.2.1.

Jailbreaking is stupid.
Charlene Ulysses Muenster?
I’m pretty sure that it wipes it the puts it in activation lock.
Yes unfortunately
Server load from Christmas presents.
That’s not how this works.
Run benchmarks before you go on about this throttling nonsense. Clock speeds can vary and can be inaccurately reported.
Because the people who programmed iOS didn’t feel the need to use hours or days when it comes to counting down from a disable lock.
And? What do you want us to say?
FOR THE MILLIONTH TIME OVER THE PAST MONTH.

YES. IT’S A FEATURE THAT WAS ADDED WITH iOS 11.2.
Jailbreaking is pointless nowadays.
What’s your point? Update to iOS 11.2.1.
You should ditch the jailbreak and update to iOS 11.2.1, then do a restore.
You NEED to update to 11.2.1.

Why don't you want to?
Yeah... This is the millionth post about this over the past month. Restarting won't do anything about it, because it's a feature. They won't get rid of it.
I wouldn't do it. And if you do, I'd have a winter backup car.
Yeah, the Intel XMM7480 will consume more power, as it's built on a larger silicon process than the Qualcomm X16, and also because in poor coverage areas the XMM7480 will have to work harder to find and keep a signal if you're right on the edge of coverage.

It shouldn't cause THAT much of a battery life issue though.
Did you try a hard reset?
https://www.google.com/search?q=Does+google+home+mini+work+with+iPhone+iOS

First result:

https://support.google.com/googlehome/answer/7029485?co=GENIE.Platform%3DiOS&hl=en


THERE WE GO! I was wondering why the side button was so laggy. Sweet deal.
That's surprising, considering the backlight would constantly have to be on with any non-OLED model.
I survive without it because I use the silence button on the side, just like everyone else. It's way better than whatever mute setup you have, and it's also a plus because you don't have to Jailbreak and deal with outdated iOS versions and shoddy developer support.
If this was implemented in anything other than the X, your battery life would be AWFUL.
>I’m not saying they couldn’t.

>One tweak developer did what Apple couldn’t.

Are you fucking kidding me, dude?
That's an amazing diagram.