Okay but is your refrigerator running?
Shit. I've put 8,000 miles on my not even 3 month old car and I thought that was a lot.
The engine isn't running smart one
I thought I was the only one.
We have one at my Lexus dealer but it isn't brand new. 2600 miles, previously owned by Andy Rubin (SVP of Google's Android division). Kinda cool. 
F
Tell me, how are these smaller turbo engines cleaner for the environment? They don't put out any less emissions than a comparable modern car with a less shitty larger NA engine. I'm a car enthusiast and I don't like the direction, and I blame the EPA for making it happen.
Cars have more than enough emissions equipment as it is. MPG mandates by the government don't do shit for the environment and just lead to compromise. These small turbo engines don't pollute any less than larger NA engines either so I'm not sure what your point is.
I'm actually somewhat onboard with this. The EPA has gotten pretty ridiculous these days to the point where compromises in the automotive industry have been made to satisfy them (like these tiny turbo engines that only exist to meet EPA standards, and suck compared to larger NA engines). Balance is needed.

Edit: Thanks for the downvotes treehuggers! I was talking mpg not actual air pollution, dumb fucks. 55mpg is an absolutely ridiculous standard and can only really be achieved with compromise, which as a car enthusiast I want none of. Roll that shit back.
This is why I have trust issues
At the expense of being possibly crucified...the newest Camaros. Interior is cramped as holy hell and the visibility is fucking awful. Not to mention almost everything inside feels cheap and shitty.
TLX because it's less fugly.
I can [relate!](https://i.imgur.com/RLUWExJ.jpg)
20,000 Borla exhaust systems for a Honda Accord Coupe...what the hell am I gonna do with them all
Just fix the leak. High mileage oil may also be worth using.
I'd offer 10K. Get it inspected by someone like the comments below me say too.
Cause he spent it all on the car. Duh.
They're not. They're still gonna flood the area directly in front of your car and suck everywhere else. The proper way to do it is retrofit, but you probably have about zero options with this being a new generation of Accord. 
With 9th gen Accords a popular mod is fitting an H9 halogen bulb. Proper performance, about a third brighter. Not sure what's up with the 18 but food for thought.
I do something similar with a word doc, though a bit more detailed (and repetitive lol). My mom did this with her old Accord too (which I now own). 2 inch thick folder of paperwork and a spreadsheet breaking it all down.
Yeah I wanna keep mine running, especially since my mom now has a terminal illness and won't live too much longer...kinda keep her legacy alive with the car. The transmission is starting to shift hard/slip a little. It was rebuilt twice around 150K...hoping it doesn't shit the bed completely. I've drained the fluid and installed a transmission cooler so I've done all I can. It also burns oil like a mf. Still love it though lol
Same with [my 1998](https://i.imgur.com/79CBM8d.jpg)! Mom bought it 6 months after I was born. I bought it from her a few months ago, it's my second car now. Lots of sentimental value as I basically grew up in it. 217K miles on mine.
I've seen it all...
Sorry for the late reply. As for power, I feel a difference pretty much everywhere, but under 60 it pulls the hardest. Honestly you should never be shifting into first gear while moving at any speed (like any manual car). The car will automatically downshift to 1st when you're almost to a stop. That said, I haven't messed with the paddles much (and especially not at slow speeds in 1-2 gears) so I can't say for certain if my car does that or not. 

I'd say go for it, I love it all around. If the power isn't satisfying enough for you, there are a few things you can do in terms of modifications and there's also [Ktuner](https://ktuner.com/) which so I hear can make a noticeable improvement even stock. I have yet to buy one but I plan on it.
Thanks! I've noticed the same thing with mine to some degree but eh it's not bothersome. Will do, I'm loving it!
Yeah I still would have gotten a manual if I could have found one but I don't really regret the AT. It's a good automatic transmission, no real complaints with it.
Yeah it was a pain but it's over now lol
Bit out of my price range lol. Probably sticking to the Borla. And I know right! There aren't that many of us
Yep! [Say no more fam.](https://www.ebay.com/itm/142462358272) I want the HFP spoiler so bad. Maybe when I get paid next, and after I buy my Borla exhaust again...
Yeah I love these cars inside and out. Oh and it's a long story but:

Basically I was gonna buy a white V6 6 speed last week from a local dealer. 2015, 21K miles, looked pretty clean. So I went in and looked at it, traded my car in, gave them my down payment and did paperwork for it. They gave me a loaner car in the meantime because it "wasn't ready." Supposedly all it needed was an oil change and detail, said it'd be good to go the next day. Couple days later they called me because they were having trouble getting me approved for the loan and they needed to CPO the car to try and get Honda to approve the financing (I had a lot of carryover from my previous car loan, so the LTV ratio was too high.) They were not calling me back so I drove over to see what was going on. As it turns out, the car apparently needed thousands in repair work (including the transmission) to get it certified. They told me they could no longer sell the car for the price we agreed on because of this, and asked for an additional $2,000 on top to cover half of it. I said no (car was obviously abused), and got a bad feeling about this whole situation. Since they already had my car and down payment, I just went ahead and got this brand new one off their lot and was done with it. 

It was a super shady experience and I would have not bought a car from them if they didn't have me by the balls already, but I did anyway to simplify my life. This was a legit Honda dealership too. The automatic is not bad at all by the way. I know it's not the same but it has flappy paddles. I'll miss my clutch a little but I'm really not bothered.
This is my first car with more than 4 cylinders and 200hp, and man I love it. This J35 is no joke. Picked this up for $2K off MSRP with 241 miles on it. One of three new old stock V6 Coupes they had on the lot. I've also never had an automatic car. It's a change but I honestly miss the manual a lot less than I thought I would. 
Nope.
Makes sense
Love it! Someday I wanna repaint my Accord pretty much this exact color. 
Ahh. The regular 8 is the perfect size for my hands personally. 
I mean that's great for you, I played with one in an Apple store for a good 15 minutes trying out all the gestures, Face ID etc...not for me. 
Yeah exactly.
Nah don't agree. Face ID is less convenient and slower overall.
How about a middle ground like the Galaxy S8, Note 8 and basically every other mainstream phone?
If Jobs was around I don't think the X would have been how it is now either though.
Hardware wise it is a total compromise yes.
That's great for you! I do not agree.
The 8? I don't mind it. I don't care about having an edge to edge screen.
The Note 8 has a more thought out design and more features to justify its price tag though. I love iPhones, been using one since 2011, but the X just isn't worth it. 
Yeah I agree with you. The Note 8 for example is worth the $950...the X isn't. And I'm a total iPhone person.
I was expecting a lot worse.
Lack of home button, stupid unintuitive gestures to replace said home button, lack of Touch ID, the ugly ass notch, the price, etc. And yes I used an iPhone X in person before forming an opinion on it.
Yeah iOS 11 has been a bit...less than perfect.
Surprise! No one wants an overpriced bag of compromises. Shocker.

-iPhone 8 user
I don't get the self driving thing. Are people really that lazy? I love driving.
Every other comment is tide pods lmao
I charge mine every night so not really...
But what about the Apple Watch? That thing has a positively tiny battery, much smaller than the iPhone's, and is still rated for 1,000 cycles.
Apple products for the most part, are sold directly by Apple at their own stores. That's one. I can't really think of many others...
I mean this just shows the shitty batteries they put in there. The iPhone is currently one of the only iDevices with a less than 1,000 charge cycle rating. The MacBook Pro, iPad and even the Apple Watch are all now rated for 1,000, yet the iPhone is still at 500. That's bullshit. 
Man light, I need one of those! Fuck those pussy ass map lights.
Only time I use it is for long road trips.
Looks better than the 2018 Accord! Then again, almost anything does...
Problem with that is most of our stores just suck ass in general and are probably out of batteries. Not to mention that one guy who went in for his and they charged him 30 bucks and didn't replace the battery...something that happened at our local store (Valley Fair), as /u/Kolbentine already mentioned.
CBP coupe here. My first and last black car. Getting a light color next time, fuck this. Looks sexy as hell after a wash though...for like 10 minutes.
WOKE
Said friend here. What’s even more hilarious is about 3 weeks after I fought to PAY for my replacement battery, Apple came out with a recall so I had to call in and get refunded. Fuckers.
Bay Area local here, can confirm the Apple Stores here are fucking terrible. I dread anytime I have to bring my shit in.
been in the 60s here. California be like
You asked why, I answered.
On one hand I think it's a nice gesture to slash battery replacement prices, but on the other hand, I don't see why this throttling was necessary in the first place. I'm pretty sure other Android phones don't do this...and they aren't shutting down or having other problems. Maybe Apple is just putting shitty batteries in their phones and instead of replacing them all they tried to sweep it under the rug with a software patch, which blew up in their face of course.

-Current iPhone user who had a 6s with battery issues
Battery issue. Had the same problem with my 6s and a replacement battery fixed it.
Get cocounutBattery on your Mac and plug your iPhone in.
Then people will cry about planned obsolescence.
Oh yeah great idea. Cheap Chinese batteries aren't good at all.
Happy with my 8. The X is a $1,000 beta test, don't want anything to do with it.
9th gen Honda Accord. I could tell because the blower motor in mine kicked the shitter a month ago. Was super easy to replace though.
Australia, bitch.
I do not like Subarus (not even the STI).
Heh, works out to every 3-4 months most of the time for me, not a big deal at all especially since I work at a dealership lol
I still change my oil every 5K miles because I'm old fashioned I guess. Old habits die hard.
Most Hondas and Toyotas.
Welcome to the club!
Having to make the first move
Download coconutBattery on a Mac and plug your iPhone in via USB.
This would be okay if a) Apple was more up front about what it's doing, and b) if they would let me walk in and pay $80 for a new battery, without it having to fail their diagnostics.
How does one have trash in the car to begin with?
I am a car person already lol, I just don't have enough experience/knowledge to tackle large projects (and there's a lot I can learn). Just starting out at a dealership, so I'm headed in the right direction.
Wow my original comment makes me sound like I don't know anything about cars lol. I work at a dealership. I know my way around a car already, but I want to get to the point where I can literally fix anything. Like, replace a transmission in one day level shit. Right now I wouldn't feel comfortable like, tearing into an engine or something like that, and I wanna get there (and beyond) someday.
I've never owned a car with over 200hp, or an SUV so I can't relate to this lol
Reasons why I'm currently trying to soak in as much knowledge as I can, so I can fix anything on my car without the help of some crook at a shop.
I wanna say this was about 3rd grade. Word got around I had a crush on a girl from school, and another student thought it'd be funny to tell me that she liked me too, secretly. Of course, I didn't have the balls at the time to actually ask her, so I just assumed it was true and was super happy...until a couple days later when my friend told me it was all a joke. I'm still pissed about it to this day lol
That's why I said "imo." But nah, I'm getting downvoted because this is r/apple and unless you suck Tim Cook off and love everything they make, fuck you I guess.
Lack of Touch ID, lack of home button, weird/complicated gestures in place of what once were easy functions, lots of wasted UI space, that ugly ass notch, etc
Got iPhone 8 on launch day. No desire to own the X, too much of a step backward in many aspects imo.

Edit: Aww, cute. Downvote me some more, shills!
Please tell me this is fake.
I drove a 1.5 last week. It drives nice, interior is nice...but I just can't get over how god awfully ugly it is. Nice car otherwise.
The fuck happened to 2, 3 and 4?
By saying you're interested.
Because that's how reddit is when they don't agree with you lol. Yeah, I've seen it everywhere. I brought it to my local Apple store back when and they didn't do shit about it.
Unfortunately it is "normal." My brand new 6s had this out of the box back in 2015, never did anything about it though cause I didn't really care. You could try swapping it but you'll probably get one with the same issue
Kyle, Drake, Kehlani, Bryson Tiller
Seems like a fair trade.
So fuckin' ugly. I test drove one last weekend and it drove nice, but I can't get over how hideous it is on the outside. 
Toilet paper was never invented. Instead you clean yourself by licking your asshole...in public.
Lol I loved that move as a child
Ohh
Is that what taking a screenshot looks like? Jesus fuck.
He mentioned it, more than once...
Because it's the biggest threat to the internet since its inception. It's a big deal.
I'd get 16 simply because you cannot upgrade it after the fact. I bought a Late 2013 rMBP with 8GB a few years back, regretted it, so I sold it and got a Mid 2015 with 16GB. 
Wow, I think my dealership (Lexus) pays 4-5 hours for our airbag recalls. 
If not for my best friend convincing me to get the 7 I'd have definitely just kept my 6s until the 8 came out. It was the best phone by far when it came out and is still pretty damn good.
Why do I still click on this shit
You will have to pay extra money to access certain websites or services, kinda like how you pay more to get more TV channels. ISPs will be able to block or throttle access to things like Netflix.
I stand by my statement.
That's almost so low that I would have every fluid changed and check all rubber parts.
lol wut
Yeahhh I think 20s even look big on a car like my Accord lol. 
I like. 20s are just too big for a Civic.
This is what nightmares are made of
Accord fan here. Love love love [my 2013](https://i.imgur.com/e9p6VWH.jpg) (and most Accords in general). Fantastic, nice looking, fun to drive car. However, despite me being a huge Honda guy, I can't stand the 2018 Accord. It's ugly as all hell. Looks like they took a Civic and blew it up a bit. Tiny turbo engines...who knows how reliable those will be?

Get the 2018 Camry if you want a brand new car, or a 2017 or below Accord. I've always preferred Accords to Camrys but this is the first year I like the Camry more.
Helped my dad with some work, filled my car up with gas, came home and have been on the internet since. Go me...
Oh man, must be so fucking hard for you to have a dad that cares about you.
/r/mildlypenis 

Edit: dammit people beat me to it.
Some duct tape will fix that right up.
My first girlfriend that I only "dated" for 2 weeks in 9th grade. Yeah I know...
Ha, got eem!
Wait that's why I've been seeing this question mark everywhere? Damn
Sigh...can relate to that last bit.
Yeah I honestly don't care too much with mine either since it ain't a bad leak. My steering rack was replaced as well for probably the same reason. I can relate to that lol, my 98 is my second car (I daily a 2013 Accord Coupe 6spd) but I'm still not comfortable doing large repairs myself lol.
Clothes, like $200 T-shirts and $2000 handbags. I just don't get it.
Ah I see. Yeah my mom just had the oil pan resealed on mine, but now the valve cover is starting to leak again lol
Thanks! Lemme guess: transmission?
This is the thing that infuriates me the most about the X. Half the god damned screen is unused...
Lookin like a snack damn
That icon looks so out of place with the rest of the UI.
Not a fan of EVs in general. Fine by me.
No problem!
[Here ya go!](http://www.autozone.com/transmission-and-drive-train/transmission-cooler/torqflo-transmission-oil-cooler/238922_0_0)
So far I am!
It hasn't and I doubt it will, but it also hasn't gotten any worse in any recent amount of time.
Thanks! I'm really happy I was able to get it. Literally grew up alongside this car so I'm pretty attached to it. 

What's even cooler...I convinced my near 60 year old mom to replace it with a '13 Civic Si! She loves it!
The car in question is a 1990 Honda Accord so should be good there. So then I'd bring that info to the DMV. Got it, thanks. 

Where can I obtain a bill of sale form? Online? Would I just bring that with me when I go to refund the guy and get the car back? Also, would we just fill that out like I don't own the car and I'm buying it from him?

Thanks for the info on junking it, probably what will end up happening unless I can repair it to pass smog/be driveable again.
Not true love but definitely infatuation/crushing
2
To fall in love
Ayy
24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.
Might be worth a check lol that'd annoy the piss outta me
Why didn't you get that taken care of when it was under warranty?
Yes they can, I'd recommend doing so.
Get the CL knuckles. The brake job on the 90-97 Accords is a total pain in the ass. Whoever thought captive rotors was a good design needs to be slapped.
No problem!
I came to this sub back when you originally posted in r/iphone (I think?) in 2014. Didn't really use the app cause Alien Blue was good enough, and almost forgot it was a thing tbh, but holy crap is this nice. Deleted the official reddit app as I installed Apollo today.
I tried out the beta back in 2014 ish when you first posted, didn’t really see a reason to use it over Alien Blue at the time. Now though...holy shit this is nice. Uninstalling the official app as we speak.
Damn I didn't even think of that! D'oh!
So that's why these fuckin things round off so easy! And make it so I can't get my damn socket off. Was working on a Fusion a while back and went "the fuck is wrong with these lug nuts"
No dogs in the water...how is that hard to understand?
Love the IS F <3
Her reviews are literally some of the best, most analytical and in depth on YouTube. You can't be serious lol
I work at a Lexus dealer. This stuff is pretty easy to get off, and this LS is by far the worst with these covers. With that said I'd just leave it off if it was my car. 
I know how to drive a manual lol. I don't do that.
The gearbox in my 2013 Accord Coupe is temperamental too. Sometimes it locks me out of 1st gear, though it's rare and a quick re clutch fixes it. Other times shifts are just less than buttery smooth, seemingly at random. Some days are better than others. Other times it's picky about downshifting to 2nd. I've never had it grind though. 50K miles.

Despite all that it's still one of the smoothest manual boxes I've driven, though I've only driven a handful of manual cars (05 Eclipse which I had for 2 years, 01 Porsche 911, 08 ish Hyundai Elantra, 03 Mustang, 15 Civic Si).
A brand new car running Lollipop...never change, Android.
Dope.
Eh I stand by my statement
Legit makes any car look better
My tech21 Impact Clear carried over to the 8 just fine. Depends on the case.
Looking good, love 8th gen Civics. Suggestion: tint your windows.
Still don't love it.
Disagree. I do not like the X's design or the direction they're headed in, notchy display, wasted screen space and all. I'm glad they didn't just say "Hey, remember all y'all that know and love the iPhone as it is? Fuck you!"
I'd argue that the 8 is not any less of a year over year upgrade that we've had in the past several years. The 7 didn't feel like a huge upgrade over the 6s, certainly not any more than the 8 over 7..yet I heard much less people complaining last year than now (even though the 8 is arguably *more* different with the glass back). I went from the Rose Gold 7 128GB to Gold 8 256GB because I got tired of Aluminum and missed the glass like my old iPhone 4 had, and for the other improvements like the beast SoC, True Tone display, and wireless charging which are all nice additions. Love the phone overall. 

With that said the 7 is now $550 and for several hundred dollars less you get not that much worse of a phone. For people on a budget it's a very compelling option. I just feel the hate towards the 8 is unwarranted. It's an excellent phone. Oh and fuck the X. 
Gonna also vote for 2012
For good reason lol. Mine like to get stuck and take 30 seconds to retract when you open the door sometimes.
Glad you think that :P This thing was absolutely trashed when I bought it, abused in every possible way but I'm slowly trying to fix it up.
Semantics ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Oh thank god, I was thinking it was some kind of dog shit or something LOL
Heh, thanks. It was a mess when I got it but slowly getting better!
You know what they say...happy wife, happy life
Eh not worth the time. Others have already covered it below me, in which a mod responded with an equally vague answer lol. I turn 20 in two months so can't say I care that much, but for the rest of us...rip
I mean, your rules are pretty vague so I'm not sure where the line was drawn in the sand. I didn't mean the relationship shit was going anywhere, I was just citing that as a reason for participating in this sub in the first place.
I can see this has already backfired. This sub is literally for shitposting and memes, that's what teenagers do. Literally the only reason I even lurk in here is because a) I'm a teenager, b) I like shit posty memes and c) the relationship shit. A is about to not be valid anymore so I guess that means I don't care! For the rest of you youngins though, fuck this. There are no brakes on the meme train, nor can you control teenagers. 
Hopefully you started with changing every fluid and maybe the tires and other rubber items. How many miles? Transmissions in these like to go tits up
Or just be honest about if you're selling a piece of shit or not.
[Automatic seatbelts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seat_belt#Automatic) my man.
Ah, it's the new lightweight braking system!
Thanks man I feel like I just pulled an engine^/s
Front end on this thing is aight but the rear end is absolutely atrocious. I'll keep my 9th gen.
k

I understand the business reason for doing so but that doesn't mean I have to like it.
Typical Apple apologist. Why wouldn’t you want the best performance possible out of a device? They’re limiting the better modem to match the shittier one. That’s pretty stupid.
I was summoned. Can confirm this is a real issue
Thanks for proving my point for me
I agree with you however this is just the way it goes with these things. And none taken, you're actually the most respectable person I've talked to in this thread thus far lol.
Do you have any *facts* to back that statement up?

If you were running a business and had the job of supporting several older devices in your pipeline, which would make more sense? Making 10 slightly different versions of the software to run on each, which would cost you a lot of manpower and time for little benefit; or: Make one version that supports all of those devices with different flags in said software that dictates what device it will run on.

May I ask what Android device and what version of Android you're using as an example? If it's stock Android then I believe you. Otherwise, you're full of shit. 
Allow me to illustrate the flaw in your logic.

You're saying Apple is intentionally slowing down older phones with new software, purposefully to get people to buy new phones. Which isn't true and there is no factual evidence of them doing that on *purpose*. 

Fact: Newer software is more demanding on older hardware and will cause slow downs.    
Not fact: This is being done on purpose and isn't a normal byproduct of technology advancement.

Could they do more to make it run better on older phones? Yeah maybe. Is there any business reason to invest in doing so? Absolutely not. At the end of the day Apple is a business.
And that is a result of newer software being more demanding. You can't understand why software written in the present, written to run and take advantage of the processing power of the latest devices, runs slower on an older one with less resources? Color me confused!

To clarify, YES, they probably could do more to optimize the software for older devices but there isn't any business reason that justifies doing so.
Could they do more to optimize the software on older devices? Probably. Is it the main cause of the general slowdown? Nope! New features and software is written for the latest device, and will undoubtedly run slower on an older phone. 

Do you complain because your 2008 MacBook Pro can't run El Capitan as fast as a 2014? This effect is slower in computers because computers are much more powerful than smartphones (though the gap is narrowing...), but it's the same principle, just over the course of 2-3 years rather than 7.
That's also because those devices get an update like every...almost never.
Got any factual proof to back that up? No?      
Neeext
It's funny cause they can't please anyone. 

If Apple updates phones: "My phone is so slow! They're just doing this so I buy a new one! Planned obsolescence!" 

If they don't update phones: "They're not giving me the latest features! Planned obsolescence!!!"

They literally can't win.
I mean duh. New software simply becomes more demanding for older, less powerful hardware. People who scream "hurr durr planned obsolescence" are conspiracy theorists.
Do not care.
Couldn't have said it better myself
Exactly.
Oh I knew but not to this level.
I bought a Pixel as a secondary phone earlier this year. Loved it, for an Android phone it was excellent. 
Stock up on them apex seals and cherry pickers my dude
And yet most of the time when I go in for an issue they tell me there's nothing they can do. Figures. Lol
TIL Some people on this sub are petty af. The iPhone and Pixel are both excellent, I'm interested to see what is announced.
It's like we're going backwards...oh wait we are.
Thanks carriers. 
You done fucked up, A-Aron.
BUY THE MANUAL

But in all seriousness, Honda's Achilles' heel is definitely transmissions, especially V6 autos. I am unsure if they've finally ironed it out but I'd just be safe and get the manual. Plus, 6-6's are rare af. I couldn't find one in my price range so I settled for a 4-6 (still love it though).
Sounds like the previous owners are pieces of shit.
I've dropped every phone I've owned multiple times throughout ownership. I don't have the balls to do this. I always have used a case but the 8 is the first iPhone I opted to get a screen protector for. I've scratched up my screens in the past, not this time.
The hard drive is weighing the machine down a large amount. Should have gotten an SSD. It's absolutely ridiculous Apple sells SSDs standard on just about every other computer they sell, but not the iMac.
This is one of the most impressive parts about the iPhone nowadays, imo. Apple caught Qualcomm with their pants down with the A7 and have been dominating ever since. 
Ugly as all hell. I'll keep my 9th gen coupe, thanks.
Welcome aboard!
I think about this quite often. I'd be heartbroken if my car was totaled. Hope your Si makes it!
My dad's daily is a 2008 Ford Ranger. It's such a POS in so many ways. He also has two other trucks, an 06 F350 and a 99 Dodge Ram.
Nissan Sentra. Slowest car I've ever driven.
My second beater. 1990 Honda Accord DX, bought for $700 (way too much) in terrible shape. 262,000 miles. When I got it, the following things were wrong:

-The steering rack was so loose you could turn the wheel 90 degrees and nothing would happen    
-The tires were all bald, mismatched, 7+ years old and weather cracked bad    
-The brake pads were down to metal, let go for so long the rotors were almost chewed all the way through        
-The brake master cylinder was literally just brown sludge    
-The engine had over 7 quarts of oil in it (it only takes 4!!)    
-The timing belt was about to snap, got really lucky on this one    
-Transmission shifted hard, had an empty bottle of Lucas transmission fix in the trunk :/    
-Both front door handles broken, all interior lights missing    
-Windshield leaked because of a roof impact    
-2 of 4 stereo speakers blown, radio antenna broken    
-Front corner light broken    

Despite all of this the thing still ran like it just didn't give a damn, so I sunk $2,000 into it. Got the timing belt, water pump & related parts replaced, had the steering rack fixed, slapped 4 new tires on, did front and rear brakes with a flush & new master cylinder, changed ATF, fixed the door handles, siliconed the windshield, put LX bumpers from a 92 on, redid the entire stereo and so on. 

The car's worth about a grand on a good day. I sometimes ask myself why I thought this was a good idea but I get some sort of satisfaction seeing the car still running well after some TLC. I still hate that there's no air conditioning, but it was a "dealer installed option" back in the day so maybe I can fit it on. That said, *most* of the mechanical stuff has been fixed, so eventually I want to work on cosmetics some more. Would I do it again? Absolutely not. 

[Picture's worth a thousand words](https://i.imgur.com/qcxcnxU.jpg)
Kinda hard to feel sorry for you tbh. Have you never heard about the abuse rental cars see? Especially with a car like an M4. I almost never let anyone drive my car let alone rent it. I get nervous when I have to take it somewhere and let people drive it, and it's just a Honda Accord lol.

Not trying to be a dick though, fuck the guy who abused your shit. They should be making him pay for it.
This whole ordeal has further reinforced my negative opinions of FCA. Fuck them.
Debatable 
You're in the wrong sub my dude, head on over to /r/Android 
I have a 12" and a 15" rMBP, every time I swap between the two I'm just like "Well this feels a lot bigger than usual"^thats^what^she^said
Congrats! Yeah same here lol
Yep, I did that with the 6s two years ago. Took 10 minutes in and out to buy the phone. As usual, if tech journalists can make a headline out of something they will.

B.O.B, lol he had a popular song in like 2010
I have never had a Plus iPhone because they are too large for me personally. Aside from the portrait mode I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything. 
This isn't the whole story. Apple has been pushing for pre-orders and store pickup appointments for quite some time. I'd be interested to see the numbers for those two things as well.

-Someone who woke up at 5am and stood in line for my iPhone 8 on Friday
I too collect phones. [Here](https://imgur.com/a/y2lG8) are *some* of my iPhones. 
Holy shit lol, I only have 27 on my Mid 2015 rMBP, though I just bought it in January of this year.
wow beautiful
I don't know why they remove wallpapers with every update. Just leave them all!
Buy an S7, they're cheap af now and are approximately 8 million times better than an S5
Haha will do man. You'll get there! Took me forever.
Damn, you're making better videos than I was at your age lol. I made a [video](https://youtu.be/k9kVn9cRUoI) on the iPhone X and thoughts on my iPhone 8 so far if you wanna check it out. 
My first iPhone was the 4. Love the 8's design.
Nice work
Same here! Got my Gold 256GB 8 yesterday, can't stop looking at the back. 
Aight, you keep believing that.
Lol BS. Android isn’t optimized for anything.
Apple has been obliterating everybody else in this regard since the A9, god damn.
No shit sherlock
This makes me very very happy as someone who had both their 6 and 6s bend (6s only by a very small amount but still). The 8 seems to be very rigid and durable, probably due to the new stainless steel midframe. Can't wait to get mine tomorrow!
I love it
That wasn't really a reason why they decided this was a good idea, just an explanation on how it works.
Went through a lesser version of this with my Accord. Did not reinstall any of the screws upon reassembly. 
Looks like it's about to give birth

Best comment 10/10
Casuals. I've had it for several days.
The difference is I never believed that until this clusterfuck of a phone came out. Eh whatever, getting the 8 and calling it a day.
Ahh I see. That's not much of a savings...you could try to return it and get another but depends on if that's worth it to you. Probably wouldn't be to me personally.
When I got my 1990 I just handed the car over my mechanic, so I'm not too sure either. As for the bushings though, just replace them all if you can. I need to do the same.

Yeah, I know Apple doesn't (usually) fragment the shit out of their device lineup and do things for absolutely no reason. Steve Jobs is rolling in his grave right about now. 
Good! Took me about 2 weeks to find my coupe in 6MT form in my price range.
I asked myself the same thing each time it broke.
Oh what the fuck. They literally changed every way you do something involving buttons or gestures on this phone, all because they were too lazy to make the bottom bar thing 3D touch for a home button press. For once Apple didn't take the easy option, instead they complicated *everything*.
I've always wanted to rebuild an engine just to learn how to do it, and this seems like the perfect opportunity for yourself. If your wife can drive another car in the meantime, go for it just to say you did it.
'13 Coupe checking in. My driver sun visor has been replaced twice.
Some issues I've seen being a part of the 9th gen Accord community: Starters intermittently fail around 40-80K, stock batteries are garbage and die around the same time, and the serpentine belt tensioner likes to fail too (or rather, the bearing fails so it starts whining). Oh and the sun visors are trash! I've replaced mine twice. Thankfully those are all pretty easy fixes. Other than that nope. Solid, excellent car, especially in manual. Buy it.
Welcome to the squad. That's a hell of a first car lol. My coupe is my 3rd car.
Did this on my 2013 Accord Coupe. Took forever to get the snap ring out but other than that it wasn't too bad. Happy I did it.
Any automatic Accord or Odyssey from 1998-2003 ish (maybe all Hondas from that time). 7th gen Civics.

Edit: Just realized everyone already said everything I did, gg.
Wow wtf
I have a similar problem with my 265K mile 1990 Accord, though my tie rods, alignment and tires/wheels are all good. Thinking it might be worn out shocks but I'm not sure. The wheel shaking happens rarely and seemingly at random. There also seems to be some slack in my steering rack. The steering wheel "center" position seems to drift. Sometimes it'll be slightly left, sometimes right...it's weird. When I got the car it was worse because the steering rack mounts were loose but I tightened them up. Concerned the rack might be bad.
A tie rod and a bushing are not the same things. Not even close lol
Grill is disproportionally large, otherwise looks nice.
Yes you can. The Accord is picky about what format the image is in. I forget what it has to be though.
Did you say 91...thousand? Holy. Shit.
Who the heck designs Honda's newer rims? 
Looks a lot like makeup, like the comment below me said.
Squad!
Probably open box. If you got a good price on it it doesn't really matter. I got my Mid 2015 15" rMBP at Best Buy as an open box in almost perfect condition with a similar number of cycles and I saved like $300. 
My mother worked at Apple in 1982-83 and with Steve Jobs. She said he was a huge asshole but that doesn't change how brilliant he was. Dude had a head on his shoulders.
Weird. 
It looks absolutely hideous.
Standard fare, the SIM-Free iPhone usually is available a 1-2 months later.
Lot less ugly than that huge, hideous notch we have right now.
Yeah the 6s is one of the best iPhones hands down
Hey, OP! That's a picture of my 6s I posted like a year ago! I still never figured out why that happened. It was always in a case. I called it "iPhone ebola" lol. My iPhone 7 hasn't done the same thing after 8 months of me having it.
Misleading, clickbaity title. 10/10 OP
I think the iPad Pro is also kinda a stupid name. Computers are one thing, mobile, consumer devices are another. Apple is diluting the "Pro" name too much.
I guess we'll find out!
I don't like that name either. What's "Pro" about an iPhone? Absolutely nothing.
iPhone X is such a better name than Edition.
GS hands down
I experience this on iOS 10
[Mine. Tail light squad!](http://i.imgur.com/KE7StY3.jpg)
God damn
I don't mind it other than the fact that there is so much wasted space compared to the older layout. Like holy shit man, I'm not blind, everything can be a lot smaller.
Well I turned this car down because the guy seemed kinda flaky. Thanks for the advice y'all
Yeah true 
Haha damn
I'm not a big fan of VW either to be honest but as I said...lol
Well that's definitely an upgrade! Then again, a Ford Pinto would be an upgrade from a Daewoo lol
I gotta ask-what car did you buy to replace this?
I regret clicking that.
Yeah fuck those and fuck the Surface Laptop. You know it's bad when that thing is much less repairable than even Apple's laptops...
[My Accord coupe](https://imgur.com/gallery/iqOya) 
My daily driver. Love this car so much, driving this thing into the ground. 

[My 1990 Accord](https://imgur.com/gallery/jXgQj) 
The project. More mechanical stuff (repairs, not mods) have been done than aesthetics but I got some new bumpers for her. Planning on different wheels next.
I felt the owner was talking a little condescendingly throughout the video, but other than that this was fun to watch.
Yeah fuck anything FCA. Garbage.
Lol yep. It does everything I need it to do. I used to have a Late 2013 with only 8GB RAM. This machine (2.2GHz base 15" Mid 2015) I can see lasting an easy 3-5 more years.
That's a California license plate.
$1000, which is already ridiculous.
"Have Apple Watch"

THE CONSPIRACY IS REAL GUYS!!!!
I just picked up a tech21 Impact Clear for my 7 and I love it. 10/10 would recommend. Smoked/frosted but not glossy so you can see your phone but shows a lot less fingerprints/smudges, very thin all around (2mm) so your phone still feels nice, and protects from drops up to 5ft.
Get out.
Damn I really hope this is true.
Maybe I'm glad I got the Iris Pro MBP?
Agreed. I mean I don't hate the color, but man is it high maintenance.
Yep. Shows every dust spec, scratch and fingerprint. It's infuriating. 
[Indeed](http://i.imgur.com/4YrQEaY.jpg), but looks like shit all other times lol
Blue is by far my favorite color. I tried to find my car in blue but couldn't :(
You bet!
Ah. Moot point then. Enjoy your new phone! There still is a possibility that it could be cheaper after the 8 comes out but eh, hindsight is 20/20.
If you didn't pay $549 (or $649 for the higher capacity) then you paid more than it'll be in a month. If that doesn't matter to you then so be it lol
It will drop at least $100 so yes.
It's black. Seriously, I will never buy a black car ever again.
Sorry, should have elaborated. The new iPhone is coming out. Even if you don't like it/can't afford, etc both the 6s and 7 will be $100 cheaper than they are now.
Wait till September
open bobs and vagena
No problem!
I'm gonna have to change mine in December rip
What I would do in that situation is do a drain and fill. Measure how much you get out, compare that with what's supposed to go back in according to the service manual and fill 'er back up.

I drove one yesterday (I work at a Lexus dealer). Was pretty dope
Well that's fucked.
That moment when these make Macs looks repairable as fuck...
It would but that's kind of a piss poor fix. These machines are just defective, no real way around it.
Camera looks much better than any of the other renders I've seen. Hopefully it'll look like this.
Raise them up.
Ah that's what it is. Been a while.
By any chance is this a 2011 with AMD 6550M graphics? If so then you've got yourself a bad GPU.
Indeed!
Ohh I misread that. Still though.
What Accord did you have before?     
edit: I see it. 7th gen.
Thanks! I love them.
Oh dear lord
3rd gen Eclipse. Liked it because of Midnight Club that I used to play the shit out of as a kid. Had one (a 2005 5 speed manual) for 2.5 years. Was not a bad car but I'd not buy another.
Congrats and welcome to the [club!](http://i.imgur.com/e9p6VWH.jpg)
This is the exception, not the rule.
Rip the coupe
Only 5 years of prison for rape and manslaughter. Seriously?
You have to use the auxiliary terminal under the hood and connect the would-be-negative to any unpainted metal surface.
Because people expect the Google phone to be significantly cheaper than other phones because that's how it was before. It's gone upmarket a little.
If I could have found one when I bought mine, I'd have gone for it. I have a 4-6 lol, gets the job done. I'm pretty sad Honda killed the 6-6 Coupe.
[Your average Honda.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrVPwbWbWog)
It would probably cost too much to do. I also would like to do this with my 91 DX Accord, but eh I'll just have to fix my windows so they actually roll up and down and deal with it.
It was very, very difficult to find my car a year ago. I wanted a 2013-2015 Accord Coupe 6 speed manual that was an EX trim or higher. Took me 2-3 weeks to find it. Even now there are hardly any for sale.
Their quality control is already questionable...
Your first mistake was buying a Jag. That blows
To me, if it has a bed and isn't something like an El Camino, it's a truck.
It's faster than most people expect an Accord to be.
Not surprisingly if you read my flair, 9th gen Accord Coupes. I always liked Accords in general but once the 9th gen coupe came out I was in love. Finally managed to get one a year ago.
https://imgur.com/a/KfyNe
Well that's stupid. If I walk outside my house, my phone still tries to hang onto the WiFi network and it fails miserably causing nothing to load/connect (WiFi assist doesn't do shit). I turn WiFi off when I leave the house for that exact reason.
Thanks!
It's just a box unfortunately lol
HEY

[Axis Sport XQ](http://i.imgur.com/F9Auuib.jpg). Wanted the stock 19s but overpriced and get stolen often, plus I wanted to be a little different.
wtf
I put 19s on my originally 17" EX Accord Coupe and I don't notice that much of a difference in ride quality. It's noticeable but not harsh or anything imo.
Aesthetically speaking, same
Lol thanks man 😂
Yes actually!
Agreed, I have pretty good credit now days.
Thanks!
4 banger 6MT. The Type R thing is a joke.
Yeah haha
Black looks great but it's such a bitch to keep clean, and shows every scratch and imperfection. I will never buy black again lol. 
Yep, $50 for sealed genuine Honda parts. [Link](http://www.ebay.com/itm/JDM-2PCS-RED-H-FRONT-REAR-BADGE-EMBLEM-FOR-ACCORD-2DR-COUPE-2008-2017/172327610279)

Also, I see you have an SNP coupe. I am eternally jealous. I looked for weeks back when I bought mine to find a blue one and couldn't.
When I signed up for the card I had no credit though. Weird.
I like the bit of flair it adds. I'm not trying to be a Type R, the title was just a joke lol.
I have this card and only paid a $50 deposit. However my limit was only $200. It soon increased to $500 and then $1,000 after some time though.
I'm so sad they're killing it. I love mine, even being a K24.
It's a joke, I know it's not.
+1
Thanks, I like it too!
Ayy haha nice
Hot
Damn, nice.
That's awesome! How'd you drive 300K in 11 years (or less)?
Oh dear fuck
This is exactly what I was thinking when they rolled this out.
BMW M cars. Don't really like BMW but the M4 and such are nice af.
Toyota/Lexus 1UZ from the LS400. The only car engine so robust that it was approved by the FAA for aircraft use. 

Aside from that, most Honda/Toyota engines. The F22 in my 1990 Accord has seen some shit and still runs great.
As others said, oil consumption and VTC actuators are pretty common problems. I'd look at newer or older Accords.
Overpriced, crap quality. 
3rd generation Eclipse.
Well you're a cunt if I've ever seen one, jesus christ.
So sorry for your loss. Beautiful car.
This was not worth the risk.
Good, thanks. Shit's annoying as fuck. 
I also find this annoying. 
Oh rip
I mean at least it wasn't that bad since it was presumably already gone lol
Yeah, typical Chrysler quality lol
There are only like 5 muffler shops in my area lol. Never replaced a caliper on any of my or my family's vehicles.
Indeed. I live in California so can't relate lol
My dad has one of these, same thing almost. Dashboard disintegrated into a million pieces.
I think a lot of automakers do that. It's quite an achievement!
Makes sense. I think I'd die of impatience by then lol
Heck yeah, take it to a million! Lol
Nope.
Yeah, looks a lot like this, at least to me. Could be a bus.
Oh I see.
Makes sense
Ah, I figured. That's awesome though!
How do you drive so much?
Things will be smaller on the MBP display. I use two external 23" 1080p screens with my 15" Mid 2015 MBP for reference. Gonna have to step up to like 4K to get a comparable size. Honestly it's not that bad though, doesn't really matter.
97,000 miles seems awfully low for what is presumed to be a semi.
8 months? Damn, and I thought waiting 3 weeks to find my 9th gen 4 cylinder manual coupe was bad.
Love the 2013-2015 GS so much. If I had to get a Lexus this would be my first choice, besides the GS F ;)
I'd like to someday. I've honestly never swapped an engine though.
I honestly don't like the rest end on any of them much.
I like them, lol.
I can't get over the weird looking tail lights but other than that this is the best looking 10G Civic body style imo
Thanks!
That's absolutely fucked. She paid the deposit, she deserves the fucking car. Not waiting an additional 90+ days while a few "prospective customers" finger bang the god damned thing on the showroom floor.
Honestly I didn't even know what an iPhone was until the 3G/3GS. To be fair I was like 11 and didn't use the internet a ton.
Ayy
I guess you could say this Lexus is actually...a Sexus.

...I'll show myself out.
Yeah, plus my daily is a 6 speed so it makes up for it.
And I bet none of those 40 are Verizon or Comcast.
Thanks! I wanted a manual too but this one was cheap and available.
Apocalyptic af. Love it lol
Pretty sure the entire YouTube tech space are all friends.
I like Accords for some odd reason. My daily is a 2013 Coupe 6 speed.
I don't think it can be disabled. I find it handy in some situations personally.
Anyone have the IPSW link for an iPhone 6?
I drive a Honda, the possibilities are endless...
+1
I'd cast my vote for Michelin Premier A/S, good all round tire for a car like that.
Literally every time I post in this sub someone brings up my flair for fuck's sake lol
I mean personally I only have briefs
Good point I guess, I was more thinking tighty whities.
Most guys don't own anything other than briefs lol
Yeah it really turned me off to OnePlus
No prob.
Should be fine honestly, just give it a good once over when you go look at it.
Considering the OnePlus 2 was canned recently (updates), not even 2 years since it came out...I don't have high hopes for any OnePlus phone anymore.
I'm certain the timing belt has an age limit, probably somewhere around 8 years. So I would do it to be honest. 
Those headlights are dope!
POLAND HERE I COME
167,000 is nothing for a car of that age, let alone a reliable car like the LS. It's really up to what model you prefer, don't even worry about a difference of 30-40K in mileage, it's almost irrelevant. Just make sure the maintenance was done when it should have been and you're golden.
Damn that's clean. Go for it.
Wow. So once the thermal paste goes dry and the battery goes flat it's a paperweight. Genius. Microsoft doesn't have a damn clue what the fuck they're doing these days. You know it's bad when a MacBook is infinitely more serviceable...
Yeah even though they're not my favorite wheels they'd work on the LS430 aesthetically speaking.
I'm kinda in the middle. I don't hate them because 5 spokes are my favorite kind of wheels but eh, they are a bit fat for my taste. And I feel they don't really fit the aesthetic of the car. 
Never seen tarmacs on an IS before, interesting.
I guess you have a point there
That's exactly what it means? Unless they include children it's a pretty accurate statement.
4500 miles???
It's such a waste of space, everything is too big.
So glad I bought a Mid 2015 instead. Fuck that noise.
Honestly, it seems like most of the Honda dealers in my area are bad like this.
Hopefully they actually revise the starter at some point...
+1
Actually the starters are [somewhat of a problem](https://www.carcomplaints.com/news/2017/honda-starter-problems-class-action-lawsuit.shtml) on 2013-2015 Accords.
>runs beta software on phone they actually rely on    
>complains about it
Get the 2015. The new MBP is a fucking joke. No ports and non-removable SSD. Not to mention more expensive for barely any performance advantage...
19, some say I look early 20s or so
Shallowness/lack of...I don't want to say intelligence but maybe that's what I mean?
Jesus man, save some pussy for the rest of us!
Damn, that last message though. No mercy
So, so jealous of the blue. I looked up and down cars.com back when I was buying my Accord Coupe and couldn't find one blue in manual. 
The V6 Accord has a regular 6 speed automatic, not a CVT
Wow, that's so weird to look at.
gg
Magic Actions, Stylish, Grammarly, Ghostery, HTTPSEverywhere, etc
I rarely use my MBP on battery power so it isn't really a concern for me. I absolutely despise Safari for the lack of extensions/personalization. I've been using Chrome for 6 years and that didn't change when I got a Mac 3 years ago lol
Chrome all day erryday
Interesting!
American here. Isn't this a rebadged Civic?
Brake with it in gear, until you see the rpms get close to idle, then clutch in to neutral. If I'm going 40mph and I'm gonna stop I usually downshift to 3rd and then do what I described, but that's for when you learn to rev match/downshift.
Check all of your tire pressures cold. My TPMS light kept coming on every few days and it turns out I had a nail in my tire. It was losing 1-2psi a day.

None of those conditions would affect the light coming on.
Ughhhh I want both my cars this color. Lexus blue is best blue

Ditto on how hard it is to find a manual. Took me 2 weeks to find mine, and I just did a search the other day for another just to see, and it hasn't gotten any better almost a year later lol.
>Virgin
False. You can switch between the two and you can even mix them together, it doesn't matter.
This begs the question: How many miles are on these trucks? I mean, 30 years of constant driving all day long has to be a really big number.
9th gen Accord coupe squad ayy
That's awesome! I'd like to reach that mileage someday.
Charming.
I work at a Lexus dealer as a greeter/valet...you don't know how many customers I've talked to that have no idea how to engage 4WD.
I actually lied...my head unit does have Bluetooth, but it sounds so fucking bad compared to AUX that I don't even consider it an option. I just bought 2 more dongles from Apple so I can keep one in the car and have a spare, but that's my point. It can be annoying.
The only scenario in which I find it annoying is when 3.5 is the only choice of input (like my second car) and I can't listen to my music without the dongle.

Other than that I love my 7. Excellent phone.
It does.
It's for your muffler bearings so they can rotate smoothly.
Oh hey, it's my car! Lol when I bought my car (2013 Accord Coupe) the gas gauge was in a similar position. Dealer filled it up for me free of charge as they should've.
I feel this way all the time. I feel like I have several things missing.
Same here. I get told to fuck off more times than not when I bring in an Apple product with an issue to my local stores.
Thanks for ignoring 90% of my comment. I gave answers that I deem 100% reasonable given the questions you asked. Would you have rather I said "yeah man you're absolutely right fuck Apple! Why am I using this shit? Go Microsoft!"

Your opinion is *not* fact. Stop being a pompous elitist fucktard.
Yeah it's not something I'll probably ever be able to do lol
Ughh I want my beater painted this exact color. 
Hackintoshing is often a pain in the ass to get working, with the potential for updates totally fucking the system. I want exactly none of that. I like when my shit works all the time without any fuss. And up until the past couple years, Macs did have better build quality than other laptops. It's only recently with machines like the XPS 15, Razer Blade, etc that have really leveled the playing field in that regard. Desktops are fair game; Apple doesn't make one desktop that I would buy over building a PC myself. My lifestyle requires a laptop.

Nah, you're just an asshole who doesn't recognize that I value different things in a computer than you.
The operating system is more than half the reason. I can't stand Windows these days. The other part of it is the build quality, and things like integration with my iPhone. Not to be cliché, but it really "just works."
Because hurr durr Macs suck
...what was the worst?
I drove an 06 GS300 with 317,000 miles at work once. I was amazed.
Hey man, priorities.
They're more than $50 lol. I looked at a Thunderbolt dock with all the ports I'd need and it was $180. No thank you.
It just says to me "Hey, we don't care about you guys anymore. We're gonna pander to the regular consumers." And they don't care (I mean look at the Mac Pro! 4 years without an update!). Apple is catering to the masses and I get why, but I feel jaded about it. Power users and professionals matter too. Why can't they sell two MacBook Pros? The current touch bar one and a thicker, more powerful, expandable version with all the ports you could ever need? "Cause no one would buy it." Okay can't argue with that much. 

I understand what you're saying. There are "options" like dongles and $300 docks that would absolutely solve my problem in most scenarios. My argument is I don't want to have to spend extra money on top of the already expensive computer just to do the same things I already did. To each their own though. Some people (and especially a lot of people who buy Apple) don't care about an extra $500 here and there. I do because I'm a broke 19 year old but that's just me. The outgoing rMBP was a good balance of portability and versatility. This new one isn't.
I use USB devices (edit: not USB C) on a daily basis, and I have cameras. Therefore I need those ports. And no, I was not going to replace a 1 year old machine. I just bought it to replace my Late 2013 because the new MBPs do not do the job for me. And I will continue to use it until Apple gets its head out of its own ass, or until I buy a different laptop to get my work done. Your "doesn't affect me so it doesn't matter" mentality is incredibly stupid.
So what? Does that mean the people who actually use the MBP to get shit done don't matter? At the very least I need one regular USB port and the SD slot. The world is not ready for all USB-C, and I'm not spending $50 on adapters just so I can use the same shit I already own. 

Fuck this new machine. I'll keep using my Mid 2015 until it's not good enough and if things are still the same by then, I'm buying an XPS 15. The "Pro" in MacBook Pro doesn't mean a damn thing anymore. Not all of us are hipster Starbucks college students who only type documents and browse the web.
It's a sweet phone
Your girlfriend has some nice hair, damn.
Bring back my damn ports.
I just got a Pixel as a second phone and being an iPhone user primarily I am VERY happy with it.
Yeah I understand
I subscribed to it a few months ago, heh.
This is an exceptionally shitty LPT.
Mitsubishi and Chrysler.
Do you run that YT channel? lol
Dat ass *dough*     
I'll see myself out.
The oldest this could be is 2006.
It's just a phase mom!
I switched to Verizon in the process LOL, had enough of GayT&T.
>Shillmung S8+    

Says you.
I mean, bar none fluid changes are the best way to keep a car running right. Oil, trans fluid, brake fluid, coolant, power steering fluid, diff oil etc and of course things like filters, plugs, wires etc.
Severe operating conditions.
Yeah, it's not quite as black and white as I made it sound, but generally it applies.
I'm not saying it's okay to execute innocent people. I'm saying it IS okay to execute not-innocent criminals. Learn the difference. 

People should be executed only if they're 100% guilty of the crime and it cannot be proven otherwise. That applies to a LOT of cases, not necessarily this one.
My car resets Trip A automatically every time I fill the tank. Pretty handy because I used to do that anyway.
If it keeps criminals off the streets and out of taxpayers pockets, sure. Blame the legal system, not the punishment.
You can have a car with 100,000 miles that's never seen anything other than an oil change or a car with 250,000 that's been maintained by the book its whole life. I'd take the 250K car.
Lol okay
On the flipside of that statement there are plenty of murderers/child rapists out there that are 100% guilty of the crimes they committed still breathing when they should be dead.
Finally someone with a brain.
Don't buy the 2001, they have transmission problems.

It's still hideous.
Ayy welcome to the club
Well if this happens it'll be a disappointment. The GS is my favorite model.
Thanks man! I can't wait to get it installed. [It sounds nice.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHOlAq4jRRM) Yeah 80s cars are awesome!
Ah. In that case I retract my statement.
Since they came out in 2013 I always wanted a 9th gen Honda Accord Coupe. I always loved Accords (I grew up in my mom's 98) but the 9th gen I really love. I was able to buy one last July, I was 18 at the time. I previously had a 2005 Mitsubishi Eclipse. Both manuals.

I've done some stuff since. About to get a Borla axleback exhaust. [When I got her](http://i.imgur.com/XIKkt89.jpg) vs [now.](http://i.imgur.com/jp39IRk.jpg) Still puts a smile on my face every time I get in. Who said a dream car has to be a fancy sports car?
Honestly I would instead recommend an RX350 of the same vintage. When those hybrid batteries need replaced you're looking at many thousands of dollars in repair costs. And those cars are 10+ years old, they're gonna need it somewhat soon.
Though I don't care for the overly aggressive looks of this car (or any of the 10G Civics in general), I'm glad this exists and Honda is back in the performance game. They really do build excellent cars.
Holy shit that's a lot of miles. I think it's awesome to be honest lol, I'm that guy that thinks 300K is a better achievement than keeping it in the garage and hardly driving it.

Just be prepared to open your pocket book for the maintenance it'll need down the line. If you can get a good deal on it then go for it!
I just saw a yellow one of these driving to work a couple weeks ago...basically a concept car that made it to production.
Exactly!
Yeah good point.
I see your point but the way it drives and reliability matter a hell of a lot more than a damned touchscreen computer system. I do agree that digital controls like that are a dumb idea though.
They should make the Apple logo the Touch ID sensor.
Wow. That is one beautiful car.
That's awesome.
I feel
I don't know why they won't give us a dark mode. 
Ah, damn.
Except you could load the later EFI on the machine and run newer versions of OS X with a little determination.
And this is why I can't modify my car.
Literal as fuck
Ayy squad
Oh man that sucks!
The one I pulled out of my 2013 Accord at 30K looked about like that. That isn't that bad
The previous owner of my project car (CB7 Accord) overfilled it in much the same fashion. I drained at least 6 quarts from the crankcase (capacity is 4 quarts) when I changed the oil after driving it 60 miles back to my house. And it just didn't give a damn.
Funny how you keep ignoring the actual logic in his comments and instead insult him. 
What happened to it?
Oh dank that sucks. It's a Honda, I don't doubt it!
Haha thanks! I got her good side in the picture. I painted the bumpers myself a couple weeks ago. [This](http://i.imgur.com/uSjtvhG.jpg) was what it looked like when I got it. Notice the lack of mirror (yes, it was an option!) She's come a long way in a month.
That sucks! This car was pretty neglected, I doubt any of this stuff has been touched in at least 10 years.
Sweet!
You should become a marketing director.
I just got this game tonight. Fucking love it
I guess they didn't have [breakfast](http://i.imgur.com/9p0NyOj.jpg) today.
Guess I'm hanging onto my Mid 2015 as long as I can.
Man that's honestly BS...
Well this is much more complicated than the Retina models.
So it runs cooler?
On the older models you could remove 4 screws and get the heatsink off to replace thermal paste. Apple uses garbage paste from the factory so I always repaste my new Macs as soon as I get them. It just sucks you now have to remove the entire logic board to do this.
Just broken in.
Afaik you can't repaste the machine without removing the board. How hard is it to do so?
Nice! LS400s are tanks.
No way! Small world lol
I'm not too far behind on my 1990 with 263K. I just bought it a week ago though lol
I just bought a 1990 CB7 with 263K miles. Needs a lot of work but that's the point! They're solid cars. Mine has a pretty bad trunk leak, and the cause is the tail light seals. I'd watch out for that.
That's incredibly low
Is there supposed to be a difference?
I could! I'm taking the car to a shop to get the brakes and steering fixed though, because I do not have all the necessary tools to do it myself, and it would be inconvenient to do so. I will ask the shop to save me the old parts so I can examine them. Everything else (like interior repair and stereo overhaul, plus any other things I feel like) I will definitely give updates on! Alternatively you could follow [my YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/dell0304)

I'm not a trained mechanic, just a teenager with a toolbox so if you're expecting something actually interesting I wouldn't hold your breath lol
This car needs a lot of work but for the price I got it for I can't complain. The two biggest things being the brakes and steering. The front brakes are worn out and grind really bad when stopping, and thanks to Honda's genius captive rotor design replacing them isn't super easy. As for the steering, there is so much play in the steering wheel you can turn it one full revolution and nothing will happen. Hope it's just tie rods and ball joints.

Getting both of those things fixed this weekend if everything goes to plan. Otherwise, aside from some cosmetic issues and some worn out tires the rest of the car is solid.
That would be iOS 4 but close enough.
What I want to know is how they drove 41,000 miles in 1 year
I love RCR lol
Quite a few! I will definitely be visiting them when I can. I need a lot of little parts to fix all the neglect this car has seen.
THANK GOD! I was getting so annoyed.
Fuckin Intel and their cheapening out on the PCB.
Agreed, anytime!
Bro, get the [sport grill.](http://www.collegehillshonda.com/product/08F21-T2F-100.html)
I hate the arrogance and superiority complex in that sub. So, so much.
I had a Late 2013 for 3 years and the only reason I replaced it was because it had 8GB RAM. Now I should be good for a long time lol
I just paid $1650 for one of these open box and I thought that was a good deal...
Exactly!
It's certainly not a bad car, just ugly.
The new Honda Civic, or the Lexus RC.
That sig tho
I try not to discuss religion with anyone ever. 
100% agree with this guy
Wow, this guy is a fucking dickhead.
I had the Iris Pro models in both cases. I got the new one pretty much for one reason: 16GB RAM. My 2013 only had 8 and I didn't feel confident using it years down the road. Now I know I can use this 2015 for 3-5 years without an issue. 

And yes, this also illustrates how stupid and expensive it is to get more RAM in your Mac. Slots aren't "cool" enough anymore I guess
I just picked up a Mid 2015 15" to replace my Late 2013. No way in hell I'd ever trade either of them for a 13 inch. It just depends on what's more important to you, performance or portability.
Personally? I would. This is the first release of a new generation, and they're always sucky in some way. The 2012 rMBP wasn't all that great and had issues that were fixed in later models. 
I just upgraded to a Mid 2015 15" so I'll be good for quite a few more years. Not a big fan of the new ones as it stands right now. But in a year or two when they improve (like adding more top end RAM for those who want/need it) and prices drop I'll likely be onboard with them. Like someone mentioned below, the 2012 rMBP wasn't perfect either. It took them a couple years to iron them out.
Maybe I'm thinking of something else then. I get a LOT of comments, so it may not be so much that the comment notifications aren't coming, but they're getting drowned out by all the other useless crap they throw in there now (upload notifications, etc). It's stupid. 
Yes, I did that years ago. 
I don't know...all I know is I got the old one back for like 5 minutes and I had a crap ton of notifications I haven't seen before. Some comments are getting through for sure, but a lot of them I missed. 
That's awesome!
I wish my 2013 had that shift knob. My stock one is pretty meh.
62K miles? What time machine did you use to get this? Lol
I have missed a shit ton of comments because of this. Typical Google fixing shit that isn't broken...
Y O Y
Do you think Apple's best days are behind them or is there some other huge innovation they can capitalize on?
My dealership rents out a big building just to store cars and it looks exactly like this, except it's two stories. I near shit my pants the first time I went in. 
Glad they care about the enthusiasts somewhat. Fuck CVTs.
2013 EX Coupe 6 speed here. Squad!
It's because Intel has not done a god damn thing since Sandy Bridge. They have no incentive to innovate anymore because AMD is so far behind, there would be no benefit. Monopolies are great.
It's a hybrid. People think those don't need maintenance apparently.
Love those new headlights, looks much nicer!
The 2017 IS looks so much better. Always hated the ugly headlights on the 2014-2016
rip
[I had](http://i.imgur.com/ZjMeKTP.jpg) a 2005 4 cylinder 5 speed manual Eclipse for 2 and a half years. Was my first car and I put about 40K miles on it. The only time it ever let me down was when the clutch slave cylinder checked out, but other than that just regular maintenance things that one should expect to do. It always had lifter tick but that's a common thing with the 4G64 engine.

Just make sure it's the car you want because I grew to not like the look and it was sooooo god damn slow (like 10 second 0-60). You're looking at a V6 but for what it's worth those aren't super fast either. But they're pretty reliable if you take care of it, like most cars.
Don't buy a Nissan. Period. Like some other dude said, look at the iA, Mazda3, Yaris, etc.
Ditto.
I'm 19 and talk to other 19 year olds, so yes occasionally we yell like idiots.
Oh nice, love that general look
rip
Ugh, both my dad and I work so much we don't see each other as much as I'd like. Kinda gets to me. Every day is a gift. My condolences, OP.
I like this but I also hate it when I'm typing quickly because it never registers.
It's been 3 years. Just install the damn app already and move on with your life. I don't see the reason to not use it.
The odometer can read 999,999 miles by design. 300K is pretty attainable given you take care of the car. A guy got his 1990 Accord to [a million miles.](http://www.pressherald.com/2011/10/24/honda-goes-the-distance-1-million-miles_2011-10-24/)
I thought the Taptic Engine in the 6s was good but this is just wow. I got my 7 a few days ago.
Are those RP03s? 
Not feeling the new look.
Oh I do, I top it off and change it every 5K religiously with full synthetic oil. Thanks!
Thank you for the detailed response! I only ask because I have a 9th gen Accord Coupe with the K24W and I want to reach 300,000 miles. I only have 36K miles so I have quite a long ways to go, but I just want to know what I'm in for. My car burns a little bit of oil.
Do you know what caused those parts to wear out on the 07?
My iPhone randomly capitalizes words all the time, don't know why.
Oh could be yeah
Because Consumer Reports is fucking retarded and will dock a car's reliability if "the touchscreen isn't easy to use." Like are you kidding me?
Lexus dealership squad. Lol
Ayy 9th gen squad!
You'd be surprised, they can be pretty oblivious sometimes
Hopefully the next couple refreshes are better...
This has nothing to do with politics. It has everything to do with you people being some of the most degenerate, inconsiderate, ignorant fucks that walk this earth.
You probably could! Lol
You can replace it with a phone that is not dangerously defective. I don't know why people are so attached to this phone, it is not that much better than other phones, especially not when it's a safety hazard.
Other than the headlights I like it lol
Damn you drive a lot. That's awesome! Take it to a million!
I'm just saying, with any car do not look at mileage only. You could buy a car with, say, 50,000 miles on it and have way more problems than this 140K one, depending on how it was taken care of. Mileage is almost irrelevant; maintenance history is much more important.

I don't even drive a Lexus, lol. 
Sad that Mitsubishi took a sharp turn downhill lately.
Don't listen to this guy. It's not about mileage really, it's about condition and maintenance history. 140K is not that high for a near 7 year old vehicle. 
When my Late 2013 isn't enough anymore I don't know what I'll upgrade to. This one has too many regressions to accept, personally.
Fuck I hate this. No more quick reply sucks.
Close enough! (Kidding, obviously)
Aww you're so sweet
LOL
Lol this is actually the most popular thing I've ever posted on reddit
Guys, people drive drunk all the time and that's illegal but it's okay cause people do it!
I mean hey, if you present a valid point I'm totally open to hear it. The thing is most of these fucktards in this sub are full of shit.
I can guarantee you no one is driving around knowing about that recall with their defective airbag. I am insulting people that are choosing to ignore this very bad design flaw in the Note 7, because that's just as stupid as ignoring the airbag recall.
or even the Note 5, it's still a good phone
Uh...you got a source for that? They're not exploding/bursting info flames, the iPhones are just shutting off due to a faulty battery. It isn't a safety hazard like the N7. Source: I own one.
I mean hey if you don't mind permanently scarring your legs, go right ahead. But I'm going to be calling you a fucking dipshit the entire time.
It is indeed a random post. I've never been on this sub before lol, and judging by the reaction to this post I probably won't be.
If this is Apple's vision for the future of headphones...it ain't lookin' too bright.
HAHA you must be an OG to remember that lol
And the Note 5 is still a good phone. And it's cheap. One could return the Note 7, buy a Note 5 and pocket most of the money until the next non-explosive Note comes out. 
It's definitely a HOT product!
I think this is the best rebuttal in this entire post. Well done.
Eh, true, I guess this sub isn't really that big.
LOL god some of these people make me laugh.
Well that blows. In your case I understand.
What I'd do is: return the phone, take your $900, buy an S7 used for $400, and pocket the rest until the Note 8 comes out early next year.
Note 7 explosions are up to 112 now worldwide, or at least were in the few months it was out. I'm not arguing lithium batteries are not dangerous in themselves, but the company that made the Note 7 is confirming the battery/chassis design is defective.
Like that guy's Jeep.
Oh I totally agree. It's just, in this case it isn't just another phone. The risk is higher for this phone than others.
Are you serious? LOL if you really do not believe us to be different people, look at [my YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFe0rXKHLl4cBlVejuCgirg) and [Brono98's YouTube channel.](https://www.youtube.com/user/Brono98)
Amen, brother.
Well that's shitty. I totally get that response. But I'm more asking about the people who are like "this phone is so great that I don't care if it gives me second degree burns in my pocket"
I giggled a little.
Let me ask you this: If you were in a lake with possible sharks in it, would you stay in that lake because "the chances of me getting mauled by a shark are low"? Fuck no you wouldn't. Similarly, if my cell phone has the known possibility of bursting into flames due to faulty design, in my pocket or while charging in my car or what have you, I wouldn't be dumb enough to keep it.
LOL
Because if it explodes while they are around people or children it could possibly injure them. It's selfish because they do not care about others safety.
You are not drawing a parallel line here. Take the Takata airbag recall that affected several automotive brands. What is the possibility of you getting into an accident in your lifetime? Comparatively small to the probability of you not getting into one. Yet those defective airbags expel metal shards when they inflate. What's the chances of you getting injured by that? About the probability of a Note 7 exploding. 

You wouldn't want a defective airbag in your car...do you want a battery with the potential to burst into flames in your phone?
I'm learning that.
I never said people would die, but injury is certainly possible. Cars are inherently a risk to your life, but cell phones (usually) aren't.
From my understanding the reason for the thermal runaway is because of the tight tolerances in the chassis. There's not enough room for the battery to expand slightly under normal use/charging.
I did care about answers to my question...it just so happened there is no logic to any of them.
Thanks! I try :)
*affect I get that. I just wanted to see what these idiots' justification is.
Hah! True that.
But Samsung has said the design is flawed as well...you know, the company that made the phone.
I certainly hope so.
Haha hello. Completely agree with your sentiments.
Eh true.
Exactly!
But the Note 7 has a flawed battery design that doesn't allow it to expand a little under normal use, causing pressure on the battery which causes thermal runaway in turn.
Let me know when there are 30-100 cases. I'm aware that lithuim batteries are capable of exploding in any device, but the N7 is a flawed design. 
The reason I posted this is because I wanted to see what these dippy dumbfucks think a good reason is to ignore the recall and keep this time bomb.
I realize the iPhone has caught fire as well, but there have only been a handful of cases in several years and a likely cause was cheap chinese chargers people were using. Where as with this, Samsung has acknowledged it as an issue severe enough to can the phone entirely. That's not something you should ignore. Their engineers are smarter than the both of us. 

And even if you ignore all of that they're going to be blacklisting/banning/making it very hard for you to continue using the phone (as they should) so these people are fighting a losing battle.
Well, you're a dumbfuck, but eh whatever.
You can't fix stupid unfortunately.
3edgy5me! You're a real rebel man!
That irritates me. Wish they were handling this better.
I don't give two shits what you believe, to be honest.
Well that's stupid on their part. They should let you return it for a full refund and a voided contract. But nothing like this has happened before so it makes sense carriers don't know how to deal with it.
Haha alright man
So wait 6 months or so and you'll have it back. What did you ever do before the Note series came out? I mean come on, yeah it can be nice for certain situations but it's not a must have feature that should also make you ignore the recall.

I honestly don't care how I sound. These people are fucking dipshits.
Well that is certainly inconvenient.
I quite liked the S7 indeed. Can't see how these Note 7 apologists don't see the S7 Edge as a worthy replacement. It's almost exactly the same phone.
Typical dickhead argument. It doesn't matter what devices I prefer. If this exact same situation happened to Apple and not Samsung my opinion would be 100% exactly the same. No stupid cell phone is worth risking safety over. 
I don't know about you but a smartphone bursting info flames is not one of the "daily risks" I want to have on my list.
You said it
Well shit, worse than I thought then.
My argument is as follows: The company that made the phone has acknowledged a critical, dangerous design flaw that can potentially injure you, and these numb nuts are completely ignoring it because "the phone is soooo good."
This will be my first and only post in this subreddit. I just wanted to see what the retards think is a good reason for keeping this time bomb. I had a good laugh.
A little of both. This sub is a prime example of idiocy at its worst.
That's crazy!
Damn guys, he got me. 
You're not the only one.
Hah.
Good one but I'm not that attached to a god damn cell phone
I'm not the one ignoring one of the biggest recalls in history because "oooh my smartphone is so great I'm willing to risk my own and other peoples safety because look at my S Pen!"
When their choices are irresponsibly stupid I have no respect left. These people are fucking idiots, full stop.
I'm sure the Note 8 or whatever will be out sometime next year anyway though
I just didn't think there were that many stupid people in this world. 
Couldn't have said it better myself
Whatever you say. 
Holy crap. I'm from the pussy land of California, personally never been in less than 32 here lol
Oh definitely
Hahaha I didn't even think of that xD
It's not small enough to be ignored. If it was one or two then I'd agree with you.
You must not have heard of an expression. You must be real fun at parties.
It's not an IED, but it's not exactly safe either. Spontaneous combustion is not generally a wanted feature in electronics. But whatever, they're all going to be bricked eventually. I just do not understand why people are so attached to this phone. It's not really special in any way. 
Wow don't cut yourself on that edge man
Holy shit, someone on this sub with a brain! You're a rare breed around these parts. Wish I could upvote this twice.
...I'm done LOL
What is the point of keeping it then? Are you gonna bury it in your backyard as some sort of time capsule then? I do not understand your logic, or rather, lack thereof.
There have been at least 30 cases of phones exploding (edit: the figure is now 112 worldwide). That's not exactly a small number in the grand scheme of things. Will every last one explode? Probably not, but the possibility is high. 

I will definitely continue to insult the everlasting fuck out of the idiots that think keeping it is a good idea. I honestly don't care about the user potentially endangering themselves, they deserve it at this point. The problem I have with it is you are potentially putting other people at risk. 

There is no way in hell that the Note 7 is that much better than other phones that it's worth putting safety at risk. But whatever, natural selection will do it's job I suppose.
Welp, whatever faith in humanity I had left is gone now. Have fun with those burn scars! Seriously, do you know how stupid you sound?
If it's powered on it's a safety hazard. Period. There is no way you can convince me keeping it is a good idea. No valid justification whatsoever. But hey, it's your funeral. Hope you're happy with the 2nd degree burns/empty lot after your house burns down.
There is no justification for keeping this phone. You don't need a stylus more than you need safety. It's flabbergasting that people are not taking this seriously. 
TIL more people are clinically retarded than I anticipated
Agreed. 
So lemme get this straight: you're keeping it in a box in your garage or something, right? Why? What is the point? Did you already get your money back? I'd rather have my $900 back than a potential bomb in my house.
I mean honestly if people want to hurt themselves I don't care. They deserve it if they're dumb enough to keep this safety hazard. What I do care about is the people around them. They're literally putting people in danger by using this phone still. 

And after reading the comments below you seem about as intelligent as a door knob.
My dad says this. Dad joke confirmed.
God if they keep the design for another year this is going to be the longest an iPhone design has been recycled. I mean I like the design of the 6/6s/7 but I'm pretty bored with it.
Ayylmao it's lit
The battery is just shite in these machines. They shrunk the battery by like 25% and expected Skylake to compensate, but of course it didn't.
Honda. Not only because they're reliable, good cars but my mom's had a 98 Accord ever since I was born. My whole life I rode in that car. Still driving today. And I love the way my 9th gen looks.
I did this on mine and it fixed it for a few weeks. Got my battery swapped and haven't had an issue since.

Now that's quality!
Hah I see
...google "speed test"?
I had this exact experience a month ago. Apple gave me the same run around until I fucking demanded to be able to pay for a new battery (my phone was out of warranty). They finally did, and I haven't had any issues since. I knew it wasn't a software problem. And now with this recall I will be reimbursed for paying for a new battery, so win win. It was just a pain in the ass to deal with.
Love the color choice! 
Wheels, window tint. Best two things you can do to any car.
I had to read that title twice. Jesus fucking christ.
+1
My driveway did this although not as bad lol. Time to invest in some wood blocks or something.
Scumbag redditor     
Asks Apple about repairing his phone, doesn't accept the repair. gg
Shove 8 or 16GB RAM in there and that'll fix it right up.
Damn that's a great deal!
Don't know why this is being downvoted, this is true as fuck. Build quality is the reason I buy a Mac and the other reason is macOS. 
No it's not. I'm not overly sensitive. As I stated the 6s I have now has none of those issues. 
Yep...and then iPad Air, and then back to the numbers with the Air 2...and now Pro. It makes no damn sense.
Oh my...    
-Loose screen that moved around/clicked/made noise when pressed (this was hands down the biggest issue I had with all of them. The Apple genius actually opened FOUR replacement devices in front of me at once that all had the same issue!)  
-misaligned front camera (common problem)      
-dead pixels on screen    
-mushy home button, misaligned home button     
-crooked iPhone branding on the back    
-gaps around Apple logo cutout on the back    
-bending    

and probably some other shit I can't remember. I have literally none of those issues with the 6s I have now. The 6 is just a crappy phone.
Very true, friend. Guess I can't complain too much lol (The rest of reddit: this dude was there to witness all of it).
Sorry that I wanted a quality product for my 800 dollars....which they are totally capable of delivering.
I think you're forgetting the 3rd generation iPad was simply called "the new iPad."
...I went through no less than 12 (yes, *twelve*) iPhone 6 units last year and I didn't get jack fucking shit. Thankfully the only issue I had with my 6s was a battery, so that was easy to fix.
I mean you could but there's a chance you'll break something lol. 
Remove the screen, plug it into an external monitor, and hit the display Fn toggle on the keyboard. Bam.
It's not bundled with the Galaxy S7 either...
Just exchange it for a new one, it hasn't been 2 weeks yet...no need to wait for the genius bar.
When the hell are they going to make a successor to this wonderful machine
On my old car, I replaced the tires myself at my school's auto shop. My instructor had one of the students help me put the wheels back on the car because we were running out of time, and I guess he didn't torque them correctly. I learned that about a week or two later when my right front wheel was rattling louder than a tin can. Turns out 3 of the 5 lugnuts on that wheel where halfway off the studs. Thankfully there was no damage. You bet I double checked the torque on every lug nut after the fact.

tl;dr Torque your damn lug nuts and double check that shit after a couple hundred miles...and don't end up like OP's customer's car. Lol

Yeah I'll have to pick one up along with it. Hopefully they're cheaper in a few years lol, and yeah I saw his video on it.
I use my 15" Late 2013 base rMBP as a desktop replacement but one thing it definitely can't do is play anything other than Minecraft. It's a good thing I don't game often, but when I do I have a custom build for that. Otherwise it gets everything done I need it to.

Hopefully in 2-3 years when I inevitably buy one of these new MBPs USB C will be less of a pain in the ass to use.
I use my 15" rMBP as a desktop replacement, and as such I use every port on the thing for all my peripherals. Hopefully by the time I need a new laptop in a few years USB C will be widespread and affordable so I can upgrade seamlessly.
Oh I totally agree to be honest. One hub with everything connected to it and only having to connect one cable to the laptop is pretty cool. But 10 individual dongles is pretty clunky.
The dongle life yo
Hmm, without some sort of special interface tool, probably not. 
Totally agree. 16 year old me thought that a battery light meant the battery was bad. Only makes sense...but nope. 
Looks good. I would have left the chrome logo though.
I don't use it. I change it every 5K on the dot just like my last car.

Just buy some aftermarket wheels! My Accord had some pretty [not good looking wheels](http://i.imgur.com/gSYkCgL.jpg) on it when I bought it, but [I fixed that.](http://i.imgur.com/eN8FLPA.jpg)
Batteries sitting completely dead for extended periods of time aren't good for them. The capacity may have been reduced because of that.
I made this mistake years ago when I was a car noob. The battery light is misleading...usually it has nothing to with the battery, but the charging system (alternator) instead (like the guy below me already said).
It should have been 2.0 liters at least. This isn't 1993 anymore.
Squad (except mine's the I4)
I kinda want one of these.
Ayy I have a black Coupe EX 6MT. Squad!
It took me a solid 2 or 3 weeks to find a manual Accord in my price range when I was car shopping. It's pretty sad, really.
Haha
I work at Lexus so I'm around them all the time lol. Never liked the predator looking headlights on the 2nd gen IS. These look much nicer.
You'll have to pry my manual Accord from my cold, dead hands. But seriously it seems when I'll need a new car in 15 years or so it'll have to be an automatic...RIP having fun while driving.
I'd have to look at my alignment sheet to see if the fronts have negative camber as well. Doesn't look like it though.
Can I take a minute to appreciate how much better those headlights look over the 2013-2016 IS? Like wow, only subtly tweaked and I hate them far, far less.
My car has negative camber in the rear too, seemed odd to me for stock but it's for better cornering, I found out. I believe it's something like -1.6 degrees. If yours is within spec I guess it's fine? 
What. The fuck. Is that.
Thanks, I agree!
> They're Axis Sport XQs, 19x8.5, 45mm offset.     

Just in case you didn't see my other reply haha


Thanks! They're Axis Sport XQs, 19x8.5, 45mm offset.
I've never driven a Civic, but I can get to 20 in first, just under 60 in 2nd, and about 90 in 3rd, nearly redlined of course. 5th and 6th are pretty close together. Comparing it to my old car (4 cylinder 3G Eclipse) which was a 5 speed, at 80mph the rpm is nearly the same in the highest gear, suggesting this 6 speed has closer/shorter gears of course. My old car was slow as shit LOL. I may be biased but I do not find this car lacking power at all. It screams and goes pretty good if you wind it out. 
Because they have people (like me) by the balls because I do not want to use Android or Windows.
Thank you! I tried, lol.
Agreed. I have no desire to reach out and touch my laptop screen and I probably never will.
I'm at a loss for words other than this guy is approximately 99,854 times worse than Trump. Christ (lol) what a retard.
Hah, you really showed them!
To me at least, from my poor attention, it seemed that the MBP did not come with a USB C cable in the box which isn't the case. I'm still sad that they don't include the extension lead anymore though...
My point is even if a bunch of USB C shit comes out I probably won't be running out to replace everything I have anytime soon.
I skimmed it before I left my house, my bad. No need to jump down my throat. 
I've had my 6s since launch day and overall I have never been more satisfied with a phone, iPhone or not. 
2
I read that as sweat shop...
Okay but like...I'm not planning on buying USB C monitors, keyboard, mice, and external hard drives anytime soon. I still use Ethernet and the SD slot (WiFi at my house is unreliable as hell, and I make YouTube videos). I guess in a few years when I need a new MacBook Pro I'll be buying one of those hubs...
I work at a dealership as a valet. One time I drove a car that was so out of gas that the estimated cruising range said "please refuel." The needle was below the fucking E mark and I was terrified the whole time. 
A while. My dad used to take me to empty parking lots to teach me when I was about 12. I figured it out after a few times. Didn't perfect it for quite a while though, a couple months maybe after I actually got my driver license and started doing it every day. I've been driving manual for several years now and I still have my moments every now and then...
No computer is perfect; not even Apple's. 
I did indeed misinterpret the post. Shoot me. Still, I think this is kinda bullshit when you now don't even get the extension cord in the box, and now if you want a second charger it costs more money if you want to actually use it.
Well...shit. Derp, article was misleading.
But they don't sell the iPhone without both. That's the point.
Agreed.
I feel the same way despite how negative as I've been about this thing recently.
Oh, because most people who buy MacBooks never really use any of the ports, because they sit in coffee shops browsing Facebook? My bad for thinking Apple should care about people who *actually use* their computers.

When I say they did transistions right in the past, this is what I meant: In the case of floppies to CDs, CDs were already very widely used throughout the market. It made sense. With FireWire to Thunderbolt, for a solid 2 years (2011 to 2012), the FireWire 800 port was right next to the Thunderbolt port to give people time to change over to the new standard. With this USB C transition...nope. One day you have all the ports you use, the next day you have only USB C which only a handful ot Android phones use currently. The timing was very, very wrong. I don't see myself getting rid of the peripherals I use with my Mac in the near future, either. Not to mention, there is no reason to get rid of things like HDMI, USB A or the SD slot. Those are going absolutely nowhere anytime soon.
I never agreed before but now I believe it to be so fucking true. Steve was the visionary of the company and the person to reign everybody in. He kept everyone in check. I still like Apple but I am thoroughly convinced they have no idea what the fuck they're doing anymore. Example: you can't even plug your iPhone into the new MBP directly, without buying a separate cable. Steve Jobs would have never let something as idiotic as that happen. I feel he also would have handled the transition of removing every port but USB C, and even the headphone jack on the new iPhone much better (like they have done correctly in the past with floppy to optical drives, Firewire to Thunderbolt, etc).

Tim Cook is a logistics guy. He can't run the company like Jobs could. Jobs wanted things done [even if it's almost impossible.](http://www.businessinsider.com/steve-jobs-new-iphone-screen-2012-1) There isn't a driving force like that at Apple anymore, and I am legitimately worried about the future.
[Squad](http://i.imgur.com/Ibc1zHS.jpg)
There ya go.
It really is, they each have their advantages and disadvantages.
I know that now haha
Oh my god 1 and 2 are a daily occurrence for me
I totally agree, it really looks great. I just bought a new ASUS monitor with thin bezels and it's real nice.
I still think macOS is superior to Windows in many ways, but after getting rid of the auto updates in Windows 10 I have no real complaints.

As far as hardware quality goes, this thing feels just as solid as a MBP in every way possible.
Currently am!
Heh I was always here really but thanks!
Heh who are you? I am!
I still use 1080p displays at home but yeah on a laptop a HiDPI display is nice. Got used to it with my MacBook Pro Retina so it's nice to still have it with the XPS.
Heh, I think so too. I was a Windows guy before for many years, but swapped to the Mac in 2013. I will miss some things, but overall I love this thing.
Not updating to 10 as long as forced updates and data mining is a thing.
Ah I didn't think of that
Lol yeah, I wouldn't see myself using it very often either. It is a neat feature though.
Apple's fucked. I hope this is a wake up call but I'm doubtful. Hanging onto my 2013 rMBP for as long as possible and then after that I don't know...not about to pay $2400 for a laptop I can't even fucking plug any of my devices into.
Heh, I remember seeing you post this before. 
Wow. I was able to get my dad to cosign for me (he has excellent credit), so I got a 4% interest rate on my car.
I remember your original post about that Integra hah
Indeed they do.
It's a 6th gen, they all have shit transmissions
Agreed. It's sort of creepy how applicable it is to the company today.
Holy shit the irony is real with this one...and not in a good way
Yeah, sure. The government is totally following these rules. NSA doesn't exist or anything like that.
So they removed all the ports I use in place for a "standard" one that isn't even in use by most devices yet...so I have to spend even more money on adapters to use the exact same shit I already own. Because of course the current $30 adapters I have for my current rMBP won't work with the new one.

Apple. Think Different.    
Also, fuck you.
Guess I'm old fashioned then. If I wanted to reach out and smudge up a touchscreen I wouldn't need a computer.
You left your car unlocked with the keys in it...outside? Small town or not, that's just asking for it.
Idk man I prefer a physical keyboard and a mouse/trackpad. Touchscreen PCs do not interest me because I don't use them in the same way I use a phone.
I have never, ever, ever felt the desire to touch my screen while using my computer. 
Heh, I've been driving since 16, almost 19 now. I drove my first car for 2 years and put 41,000 miles on it. Guess I should say 20-25K a year lol. I just bought a car 3 months ago and I've put close to 7,000 miles on it already.
Lol some people just buy cars to let them sit it seems. I drive 25K miles a year.
Ohh
It really is. Can hardly believe it, seems like yesterday I started high school let alone graduated 5 months ago.
My grandad had a 2002 in perfect condition but it had 74K miles, and I thought that was low lol
Air conditioning. Runner up: manual transmission.
I giggled a little.
What kind of batteries are you putting in this car?
One more year and change for me. Fuck, time flies.
Agreed. The 6P was a shit phone for several reasons and I'm glad Huaghei isn't making the Pixel.
I'd keep the Civic too.
...isn't it supposed to?
Probably because it's gonna take a lot of learning to get it right.
Christ that's low mileage for that old Camry.
Some cars don't come with them. My old Eclipse was a GS so it didn't have one, but I believe the top trim levels did.
I do mostly computer/tech stuff and cars lol, typical guy I guess. No worries, glad I could help :) I get ya though, everyone wants their channel to come up quickly haha. Don't give up!
Let's see...you have 670 subscribers, and are averaging 200-500 views per video. That's honestly not too bad for being 3 years in. You can't rush these things lol, I wasn't that far behind you after 3 years. And even with 11,000 subscribers now, I only get about 1,000 views per video most of the time.
The 4S did just fine given how old it was. The iPhone 5 still runs pretty well on iOS 10, being a 4 year old phone (and much better than the 4S). This will only get better as time goes on because the oldest iPhone is becoming way more powerful.
Buy a new phone. No, seriously. The iPhone 4 did not age well at all. Hated mine by the time iOS 6 came out honestly.
Starting to think most original production run 6ses suffer from battery issues. I finally convinced my Apple Store to let me pay for a replacement battery and I have not had issues since.
jelly
What is your channel?
Don't get discouraged. It takes a very long time to build a channel, especially now when the site is now saturated. Put out at the very least decent quality content, find a way to get it out there without being annoying and people will watch. Make friends, build a small community for yourself and the only way is up from there.
Bullshit. My battery was doing the opposite (sitting at 1% for hours) and they said the battery was fine. I leaned on them, paid $80 for a replacement battery and it has not had an issue since. 
It's the OIS, not an issue
For now is the key word there. lol
My phone is doing it (AT&T) and my friends' are too (T-Mobile). It's an iOS 10 thing.
I say IS F
Ayy squad! Great choice.
We all have different uses for our stuff so whatever works for you is best!
Yeah I liked the 4S a lot too.
There are plenty of good Android phones out there nowdays but nothing really does it for me like the 6s (and iPhones in general). Just a preference thing
Let this be a lession to everyone on this sub that you should just fucking do it.
Agreed. I've always been an iPhone guy but the 6s it the first one that feels 100% right.
My name is Ryan too am I cool yet?
I'm 18, make $12 an hour and bought a car 3 months ago. Oops.
You played yourself
What a bunch of fucking shitheads. Bet they won't like it when their houses burn down or they get arrested. Or at the least, when their phone breaks and they get no support whatsoever. And no software updates, ever. 

Return the damn phone. It's a safety hazard to both you and others around you. It's just a smartphone, you can buy another, less deadly one.
The problem here is they marketed it as a truly unlimited plan with no throttling. 
Oh wow
God dammit what degenerate FUCK did this
I assume you don't plug your phone in overnight? I always do.
Lol wow. Mine's been doing it since iOS 9.1 I'd say. 
I could watch mine drop 1 percent every 15 seconds while using it lol
Yeah, guess I'm not the only one lol.
Well that's good. My battery was replaced so hopefully I'm good now.
It's pretty odd lol
I found an Apple Support forum post from years ago describing the same problem with a 4S. Guess it's been an issue for a long while.
That's exactly what I thought, I even told them that I thought it was the battery's controller IC in the store lol. I have done that after it's happened every time, but it came back after a while. Question: in my car, I use USB audio. It charges my phone. Could all those little charges be screwing up the accuracy? I mean, it shouldn't but still. I have at least 1 or 2 20 minute charges a day during my drive to work or anything I'm in the car.
It may be a long time from now...this issue only presented itself once every month or two. But I'll try to remember.
In my case it was the middle of the day, I was away from home and couldn't charge my phone. But I probably didn't need to anyway because it lasted the rest of the day without dying lol. 

My battery passed as well but I leaned on them to get mine swapped (at my expense).
It's been happening to me almost since I got my phone lol
I hope this second battery lasts longer lol, swapping the battery once a year isn't exactly desireable. 
Ah I see.
Whew stalking my comment history and trying to be cool. Honestly what the fuck is wrong with you? Get a life, loser.
Have you ever considered getting your battery swapped out?
Why have you not gotten rid of that time bomb yet?
Doing the math that's about 44K a year. Pretty high but I know people who drive that much lol. I do about 20-25K a year so I'd never get to a number like this
Original. Don't quit your day job.
He really should stick another transmission in there from the junkyard or something. I would.
Put a junkyard transmission in there. Seriously.

Also...how the hell do you drive that much?
You're implying this is normal behavior. You're also apparently a complete fucking imbecile. Coincidence?

I get it can be a few percent off but come on, use a little common sense. By your logic you should be playing roulette with your phone to figure out when to charge it. 
Yeah, it's the only thing that makes sense to me.
Sorry, I'd actually like to know with reasonable accuracy where I'm at with the battery. Fuck outta here with your condescending ass.
The 6s is still a very solid phone. I've had mine since launch and it still runs like the day I took it out of the box.
Physical stores. Fucking hate waiting for shipping and I will pay more for instant gratification. 
hot
No worries!
I assume the reason is it would take up a significant amount of space on the device.
The 4 aged so badly. It was my first smartphone, got it in November 2011. By early 2013 I ended up hating it. Ran like shit even on iOS 6, and iOS 7 just finished it off. The 4S lasted so much longer, wish I would have gotten that.
Yeah I figured that was the case. Wish they would just keep all SKUs the same hardware wise...
All models of the 6s have both GSM and CDMA radios. It will work just fine.
Well, specifically the only band difference I know of with the 6s is the AT&T model which has an extra band (30) but I could be slightly wrong.
Man, last year with the 6s literally any SKU would work with any of the four carriers since they all had the same radios (save for a couple band support differences between them). Now we're back to this shit again.
They complement the car well!
This just keeps getting worse lol
Heh yeah, literally the same underneath.
Is that a Prizm/Corolla?
Fantastic looking 8th gen, especially with the RPF1s.
Apple has been kicking ass since the A7.
Downhill. Not in all respects, but some. Not feeling the new look of Nougat very much...it's like they didn't even try to follow Material Design. That along with the now short lifespan of Android phones which has been a thing now for a long time. That's even harder to stomach when you now have to pay just as much as an iPhone for the new Pixel phone...for it to only get software updates for 18-24 months. Fuck that with all due respect.
EXACTLY
I will never use Android as a primary again, especially with the direction Google is going lately.
...yeah because people totally don't see it any time they see your car outside ever
I never want to own a car like this.
I couldn't imagine using a phone that large day to day.
They seem like nice phones, with your typical flagship Android phone hardware backed by stock Android. They're priced to match and I don't see them selling well because of that, but that doesn't make them bad phones. I wouldn't buy one of these over an iPhone or a Galaxy S7 though.
Song please

Edit: nvm read the video description peoples
Where the fuck are these Apple stores? The stores around me usually tell you to fuck off for any reason honestly.
ha
It's both the worst and best movie I've ever seen.
What does a Mac even smell like?
[meta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y33yz5CFoSg)
You can now buy the new 32GB 6s for $549. There is no excuse anymore.
Holy shit I forgot about this
Oh hell no. 
F.lux exists lol
:/ I suppose
Looks fantastic!
I don't get why car makers do this...why can't we have manual transmissions on higher trim levels? It's almost like they're punishing us for wanting to have fun.
This sub in a nutshell
Motorola was dead as soon as Lenovo bought them. It's over, guys.
That brown and gold is so 70s. Love it.
rip
If that's the case I want fuck all to do with that. I still use a wired keyboard and mouse and a wired Ethernet connection because wireless devices aren't reliable worth a damn. 
Well, said MacBook in question was released long before the iPhone 7. You never know with Apple.
I know that, but that doesn't make my life easier. As I said I don't really care about it being gone on a phone, but once they start doing that shit to the MacBooks is when I put my foot down and say enough is enough.
I'm not enough of an audiophile for that to be worth it to me. I use ATH-M50x headphones via 3.5mm and they get the job done. 
My MBP is connected via 3.5mm to my Sony receiver under my desk, which my headphones are connected into. I have more than one sound source I use for the same headphones. I don't see the point in buying another piece of equipment just so I don't use the headphone jack. It's inconvenient.
But the thing is I don't do that. I can't afford to do that. I have my computer plugged into my Sony receiver under my desk via 3.5mm, and my ATH-M50xs are plugged into that. I see no reason to change this setup.
*stares at screen for 8 seconds*     
*long pause*

wat
Here's the thing though: I don't care about the headphone jack really. I don't use it anymore, the iPhone 7 not having it isn't an inconvenience on a phone.

My computer is a different story. I use wired headphones with my MBP all the time. The removal of the jack complicates things, because now I have Lightning headphones that only work with my iPhone. I now have to use more than one pair of headphones between my devices. If Apple removes the headphone jack on computers then I am not going to be a happy camper. 

tl;dr while I'm not bothered by the removal of the jack I can't see a clear reason why they did it or any consumer advantage in doing so.
Sweet, easy fix. Enjoy her man!
That's awesome! Does she run?
The first one is always the hardest. 
You just gotta look in the mirror, man.
Pretty impressive for a phone.
I could say everything that was said below but no need. My mom actually just took advantage of this deal. I don't see a downside other than having to stay with AT&T, which we were going to do anyway.
So much YES
Butternuts lol
Heh, after I used it for a while a little thing popped up and explained the new features. None of which I think I'll use. Lol
So I installed it...and besides Siri, what's the difference? I notice just about nothing different.
tech21 Evo Mesh. 
My 6s has actually been faster since the update.
Hey, the 6s is still a fantastic phone and will be for a long time. I was SO EXCITED to get mine last year, and still love it.
Someone calling me is such a rare occurrence these days I just don't care.
Looks like YouTube's garbage "stabilization."
I don't see why it's necessary but it's your call lol
I didn't know it was possible for people to be this dense LOL
The 6s has some...water resistant glue I guess? on some of the critical parts of the phone (inside). It may be worth pulling it apart, letting it dry out completely, and seeing if it works.
Hey, that first post is mine! Lol it's so odd.
HAHA
You must be fun at parties.
And this is one of the reasons I love iPhones. Apple knows how to make a damn good SoC.
And with that marks the last good car Mitsubishi made.
I don't go out of my way looking for new apps. I get the ones I know and use and that's that.
You would be correct. I'm 18, so.
I say get the iPhone 7 and deal with it. Then again I'm biased because I don't need the headphone jack.
I feel it. Good luck to you man!
You're not the only one LOL, instantly thought of this
My mom bought her 98 Accord LX when I was 6 months old. She still has it to this day with 204K miles on it.
Hmm that's a good deal then
They never say why except "a shortage." It's always been like that.
Oh wow, that's crazy. Glad they didn't make it to people's hands though. The whole Note 7 thing is costing Samsung billions and damaging their reputation. Hopefully the supplier of the batteries (likely Foxconn) is held accountable.
I'd sell the phone rather than trade it in.
When I preordered my 6s last year I was able to get it on launch day. Good luck to all of you.