“Important” doesn’t = playoffs.
I’m with you on more minutes, but I think Hood is still the right choice.
I disagree. Cedi has just as much exp as Hood in the playoffs, none. I also don’t think he should get 0 minutes tho.
I hope we have a blowout game where they put Perk in and he dunks and taunts Drake
Yep, I did too. But the raps decided to blow it big. Lololol
And every single Cavs fan and basketball fan in the world knew that, everyone except Ty Lue
iirc wasn't Hill BIG in our last regular season game vs the raps?
Def not the boyfriend. 150% sure of that. 
"comfort" stop ;) ;)
Not too far from the truth, even for the onion
It’s not a lie.
I have a feeling things will be shaken up in okc this summer, big time. Pg gone, melo gone for starters... after that I wouldn’t be surprised if they make some other big moves out as well.
I hope those 2 go nuts and drop tres like mad
Not on Brons watch.
Not really, I mean, TT had more pts and a double double overall. The TT everyone has been shitting on all season, rightfully so, but today TT stepped up.  Love had only 6 dimes and 2 reb shooting 38%. Not gonna cut it from the number 2. Have you taken a look at Reddicks or Embiids numbers? IF we make the next round, the 6ers are gonna mop the floor with Kevin. And hey, I love Love just as much as the next Cavs fan, but man, it's not looking good...
Had Bron not gone ballistic we certainly would have lost, but that could be said about every win we had this series I guess.
Love was weak yet again. Man, we need him to turn it on vs Toronto like sooo bad. I hope he can get it together.
Send him to the Suns or Orlando or whoever is tankin' next season.
He just hates Bron with a passion, and the only time he says anything good he usually adds some doubt to it at the end... There's no other explanation, he's a piece of shit.
That's the biggest thing that pissed me off all game, having to listen to his bitch ass. I hate him so much, league pass didn't have a Cavs feed for some reason... Thanks NBA...
Starts with a T
Japan: (while I’m not actually Japanese, I’ve been here for over a decade) summers here are HOT, like melt your brains hot and humid. That and the size, everything’s so small and I’m not.
By and large tho, Japan ain’t half bad
Man, I would trade a lot for that...
I’m in the same boat. I lost the generic lottery in many many other ways, some serious, but my teeth shine (not literally so much anymore, coffee and all). I’m 33, and for most of high school and college I did a half-assed job brushing and never flossing and still to date have never had a cavity.
The quik software/app really really lowers the quality, it says it’s 1080 or whatever resolution you select, but the codec wrecks the quality at the cost of data size. Yes, it’s quick (and smaller in file size), but if you want a quality looking video, use something else (Adobe Premier or some other video editing software).
Time to dump Melo and take the money hit. Maybe the rockets still want him, lol
Superstar? Dunno if I’d go *that* far
May not necessarily have been much better. Yes I’m fully aware tha Steph is a superstar, but what I’m saying is there’s only one ball and you can only score when no one else has it. Now, if one of the 3 was cold the other 2 can make up for it, that’s the good thing about having 3 superstars, but they didn’t need 3 today, look at KD and Klays statline...)
Why?
The great ‘pink’ white shark, that dude in the bottom left is about to be eaten.
I think we are all forgetting to mention the Pacers just have a good answer for Kevin, on top of him coming out of injury and his mental stress etc... look at the interview of him after game 6, dude was FUCKED UP. He did NOT want to be there. He knew he was a big part of why they lost. 

I hope he’s alright and can at least put 10+ in game 7, 15 would be sexy and 20 would be fucking amazing. 
What would be best is, him getting 2-4 quick 3s, the Pacers changing stuff around for Kevin and then just having him pass it  once he’s cold.
But I’m not counting on him turning up tho. Lue just needs to find someone else for game 7. 
Spend it all on Bitcoin, bought from my sound proof room, in my underground bunker.
It takes about 1 second to say "motherfucker" so I guess for 10 million seconds, or 115.741 straight days, Sam Jackson will be saying that, I have soundproof headphones too, so it’s all good...
Barkley explained why Simmons doesn’t deserve it on the latest episode of Road Trippin. He gives a pretty solid argument to why Donovan should get it or they both should, but not Ben only.
Oh, someone acted like a complete ass to the losing star, gee, wtf do you expect? Leave them alone morons...
Melo to China? No one wants his poison filled ass...
I mean, they could put him in the starting lineup and then take him out quick to feed his ego, and just keep down to “bench” minutes, 20 or less
1990!? Damn I’m old
They’re not playoff tested. JR has shown he can still play D and make the occasional shot in the playoffs. While Hood and Nance aren’t doing bad, they’re nervous as fuck, and making more mistakes than they normally would. You can see it. Clarkson has been pretty bad too. I think Cedi should get more than garbage minutes though.... next game, game 7, I don’t think he’ll see time, again, unless it’s garbage time, (hopefully caused we’re up by 20)  but yah... 
Don’t use amazon guys.
In other new, water is wet.
MVP 
WiFi?
Do they stay on while the car is off tho? (I honestly don’t know)
Did he hit one off kluber already?  I forget 
So far Kevin Love and JR have combined for less than 30 in the last TWO fucking games... yes, TWO games and TWO starters, less than 30.
Lebron on the other hand over those 2 games scored 66 by his mother fucking self...

Oh, but we have KK!! wait wait, add him into the mix and the THREE of them, love, jr, and kk, have 52 in the last two games, still less than Lebron. Now, kk did ok in game 5, so I don’t want to shit on too much, but yeah, this is embarrassing.


And Bron for the series has 196, while Love and JR have 115. Now that doesn’t look too terrible cause one game love had 19 (we lost that game tho...) and JR had 15 in the first game, we also lost that game too...
But gawd dayum Bron needs some fucking help and to not have to drop 45 to win a damn game. Ffs

I still think we would have an easier time with the raptors than the pacers, but yeah. Bron can’t keep this up, and it’ll take a miracle to get to the finals, let alone outta the first round.
So far Kevin Love and JR have combined for less than 30 in the last TWO fucking games... yes, TWO games and TWO starters, less than 30.
Lebron on the other hand over those 2 games scored 66 by his mother fucking self...
JR hasn’t started all these games, but he did the last 2.

Oh, but we have KK!! wait wait, add him into the mix and the THREE of them, love, jr, and kk, have 52 in the last two games, still less than Lebron. Now, kk did ok in game 5, so I don’t want to shit on too much, but yeah, this is embarrassing.


And Bron for the series has 196, while Love and JR have 115. Now that doesn’t look too terrible cause one game love had 19 (we lost that game tho...) and JR had 15 in the first game, we also lost that game too...
Bron needs some fucking help.
Superstar potential is there, obviously not gonna give him that title this year or even next... We’ll see how they perform in the 2nd round though. If they can get a game 6, I'll be impressed, assuming no injuries on either side of course. 
He deserves RotY
Fuck no to Melo and Westbrook, and probably not worth it to PG...
First of all, melo has to go.
And I don’t think PG was a *bad* addition, just there’s another guy on the team who doesn’t know how to make others around him better, but the same could be said about PG... but don’t worry, he gone too
He fucking made every one of those too. Pissed me right the fuck off.

I hope Love can fix himself up.
What a sad disappointing game. Everyone except bron was ICE cold, D was probably the worst all series. No effort at all today.
Klove is weak today... Come on dude, all series now... step it up!
I like how Lebron’s head is drawn thin, realism 
Cavs are 3-0 when I have gas and 0-2 when I don’t.
I’m eating refried beans for this game!
Uhm? Not last season
It’s cool, we still got Jose
But the pacers shouldn’t have had possession. So let’s not forget that.
I really hope Jose starts. Dude is fucking awesome and has never failed us all season, the stars don’t lie
Lebron James is good at it, that’s for sure
You didn’t write in reddicks salary...
Melo is a washed up ball hog and I believe the sole reason OKC didn’t get a higher seed. Next season he needs to be dropped 
Australia!?
And you KNOW those North Koreans are wearing bad/cheap dress shoes, probably the wrong size 
Pro tennis players are dicks... just kinda tosses them like, pick this shit up bitch!
I thought I read somewhere they wear their shoes loose to prevent injury, like tighter would seem to be better, but I dunno... I’m not a doctor
Yep. Considering the cake walk we had through the east last year to this shit in the first round now... and that’s after putting the whole rest of the regular season to the side. Let’s not even go there...
Why would it be any different for any other team in the East, EXCEPT the Pacers (and we KNOW he ain't going there)? I mean, we just randomly happened to seed against you guys 2 years in row... that's all there is to it.
His D on Vic was acceptable, but yah, 0 points aint gonna cut it in the 2nd round, possibly not the first... Fucking hope we can end it in game 6
bots?
Awesome fucking ending, but man Klove was WEAK offensively today.  Dude needs to step the fuck up next game and send the Pacers home. And JR with 0... come on dude.
I came in my pants when he made that shot.
Of all people who shouldn’t be getting open 3s it’s mother fucking Bogdan... that dude should never have an open shot. Ffs
It HAD to be UT...
Yep for sure! I always respected the big (buff) guys are my gym when I started out cause they were generally friendly and always said things like, everybody has to start at the bottom and work up. Eventually I got bigger, never got “huge” because diet and all that, but still, I always respected the new guys that game after me as well cause of what I learned from the guys before me.
I dont think it would have caused serious damage even if it hit him, UNLESS the sharp end of the axe hit him in the eye or face etc.
Obviously it’s still dangerous, but most of the force was directed to that stump 
Wowowo! My 2 year old daughter said she was interested first! 
Haha, but hey, he DID have some Kyle Korver training while he still was in Cleveland, so...
I really dug those 2nd suits they wore. The grey ones were cool, but the black ones were way better. Want to buy
For video or photo?

Video use 2.7k @ 60fps
But if you want something really slomo, you could make it 120fps, think you’ll need to use 1080 for that.
I wouldn’t go less than 1080p.

Photo, it’ll be hard to get a shot while it’s firing, so maybe use burstmode. And just mess around with the settings beforehand.
The last 2 games’ 3rd quarter have been insanely stressful. It’s like, oh sweet, we should have a smooth coast into the W with this fat lead is what I think around HT.
3rd quarter starts and it’s like racing down the first hill of a roller coaster. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck, lead gone.
Dipo had a terrible game because of the D. They doubled him hard on purpose every time he touched the ball and they will for the rest of the series. It’s Lues go to plan for one star teams. He doubled IT hard last year in the ECF, doubled Derozan, doubled PG, and is doubling VD. It works most of the time.
Bron gets tech because lance flopped.

FTFY 
Absolute bullshit. They KNOW he does all sorts of bs, flops like mad and is just shady AF, yet they give Bron a tech -.-
Had we lost today’s game, I would have been furious. I’m still mad Bron got a tech for his flop, but yeah. We won, so fuck Lance
And everyone shits on Lue, I was thoroughly impressed with the D this game and last (even though last was a loss, it still looked decent)
Klove did that for Brons Halloween party one year didn’t he?
Exact same fucking way the 2nd half last game went, which ended in a L.
Do not fucking do this again, come on...
Whew, glad it wasn’t an injury or something. 
/wipes sweat from brow
Couldn’t agree more.
I go to fireworks shows all the time and see tons of people just recording the whole thing, literally staring at their screen the whole time. It’s like, are you *really* gonna watch that again later!?  

Yes.
-no one, ever
From their pools, while drinking their martinis  and smoking their commodores... with a monocle.
Ill be there soon too, can’t wait.
My old cpu is not nearly as good as your old one tho
Yeah but that dog looks like a service dog, trained AF
But why the Japanese...?
Wait what!? Holy shit! Dude was on Reddit all the time. That’s fucking horrible!
Brons as pro as Pop at answering shitty questions.
LeGone :(
I love it, had two complete listens. 
Sick editing. Make a howto?
I’ve gotten paid on the 18th. It was a tiny tiny amount though,  .02
I’m a small time miner :(
I’m pretty sure they missed that FT on purpose, to cause this. Cavs had no timeouts, they couldn’t do a play in this situation, shitting all over JR for this is dumb. He had to get it down the court ASAP, he missed. That’s all there is to it.
What an embarrassment of a 2nd half.

Good ol stressful as hell Cavs basketball.  *Large sigh*
What a fucking embarrassment.
Maybe Bron can get a refund on those suits.
Wow, fuck Bogdan... fuck him so much.
If we lose this after being up fucking 17, the Cavs don’t deserve to make the 2nd round.
I said early, gotta lock up Bogdan. They just gave him 2 open 3s... ffs
I hope so. He has as many pts now, in the 4th as he did in the first 5 minutes last game
Standard no calls for Bron -.-
Such a shame. I knew this would fucking happen. Every time we have a lead in the 1st half they blow it...
We really need 1st Q, game 2 Bron to show up for 5 minutes
Pacers in the bonus with 5 min... goddamn
Cavs 3rd quarter basketball strikes again. -.-
Better not let these pacer bums crawl back into it...
JR the thief! 
Did you close your eyes last game? 
 Think Bogdan is their only hope today. KK can’t guard him and yeah, just need to make sure he doesn’t do anymore than he already is
Crap no call
A couple unlucky misses, wer’e still good.
High five guys! Solid secrit D! 
Let keep this 10 pt lead all game.
Keep them turnovers coming pacers! 
Really liking JR so far. Keep it up pipe. Solid D, two steals now?
Calling everything under the sun, this games gonna take 5 hours -.-
Watching the Cavs feed on LP. I hope it’s not ESPN only. Fuck JVG. He hates the Cavs and Bron with a passion, wanker.
League pass slow as hell to start or is it just me?
I don’t think I’ve seen him wear a suit to a game before (I mean, I’m sure he has, but it’s kinda rare isn’t it?) 
$70 with a CC? Bank wire? What?
That matters, quite a bit...
Also my bank transfers were always slow as fuck, like 4-5 DAYS.
Yah JR was the only one, and they were verrry slow and probably didn’t really want to do it. Griff left a year later
That sounds like an awesome idea! TT to the Knicks!! We’ll take some picks
I think you’d have to have lived under a rock the last 15 years to not know who Bron is. 
Curry could be understandable, I’d bet if I asked my mom right now who Steph is, she wouldn’t know. 
2016?
Wow. They’re really laying into that dude... kinda old news though.
Whether that video was him or not, all that shit aside, he’s been pretty mediocre this season, but his injury makes his season stats record look even weaker.
I don’t see him staying with the Cavs next year. I miss 2016 TT. 
I got away from that during the 3-4 dips we had this year. But I’ve finally added the “stocks” widget back to my iPhone, to occasionally look at prices. If I find myself obsessing again I’ll remove it.
No way in hell Bron is going to no Lakers... cousins, who knows. His injury is serious business tho 
I mine while I’m away.
And use a remote access app to occasionally check my PC (teamviewer) and see if everything is running ok.
On Coinbase?
Can’t use CCs anymore. Or for a while now.
Bitcoin is not a company, nor do they don’t make or sell anything. Terrible comparison.
Apples to baseballs kinda level... they’re both round... end comparison 
Golden state Glass Ankle Warriors 
The blazers +/- is nasty!
Playoff Rondo is real.
CPU mining is so small it’s pretty much worthless tho... 
Even like top a top of the line CPU will only be fractions of a meh GPU.

Optimizing for a few more cents.
He whined about some calls, rightfully so though, as most calls he whines about are ACTUAL missed blatant fouls. Either way, he was a relentless scoring machine last game. I'd be interested to see if he can outdo himself, cause that was some crazy ass shit. 

Game 3, 50 pts!?  

On a side note we need Klove to step the fuck up too though. 15 points aint gonna cut it for the number 2 in the playoffs.
And now is def worth Waaaaay more than 1c
Auction that for profit.
I’m not the biggest foo fighters fan but I’m a huge Dave Grohl fan, dude always does badass shit like this! Props to him
That was insane dude. 
Keep it up 
Oh yeah, I was a little disappointed he didn't put up 20 tonight.  15 aint bad, but that aint gonna cut it. We shouldn't NEED Bron to go super saiyan 5 to win... I don't mind watching it, but he'll obviously get gassed if he does it too much. 
Honestly EVERYONE excpet Bron needs to step it up a couple notches. The D wasn't too bad tonight though, JR was solid, Hill was good, JG etc. good stuff.
What did they ask?
My exact thoughts. Should have won by waaaaay more than 3.
Hoooolllly Shit!!! Bron is a mother fucking ferocious lion tonight. Gg Pacers, you done.
Honestly though, what does him selling all his LTC have anything to do with Pornhub accepting LTC...
Artosis from SC2/GOM doing the same thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nmqs_6CBzcU
I’ve done the exact same fucking thing (baby is now 2.5 months old). Use my foot though, much easier and leaves your hands open
Totally would like a setting for this! “Raging civilians mode”
The pacers need a good stomping to show the Cavs aren’t going to be broken. Game 1 was a fluke.
Like most people in this sub, lol
I agree. Most of these fucks, like SAS just say crazy shit so people watch them... Kenny Smith, who I generally agree with, on inside the nba said TT should be playing. It’s like, ummm have you watched the Cavs at all this season bro?  No, he shouldn’t.
Under appreciated?  I don’t think any single one of the Cavs fans or even basketball fans under appreciated kyrie... unless that’s sarcasm...
Dude played a very very big part of our 2016 ship
Didn’t know much about Mo, except he’s big.
Did a quick wiki read. Oh, his brothers play too, oh wait, they’re both felons...nm...



Copied from wiki:

His older brother, Sidiki Johnson, played college basketball at Arizona, Providence, and Wabash Valley.[4] Johnson is currently facing a four-year prison sentence for third-degree robbery and second-degree attempted robbery.[5] Another member of his family, estranged half-brother Ibrahim Johnson, also played college basketball at multiple universities, this time being in Farmingdale State and Montevallo, and is also facing multiple felony court cases.
Right, it’s like, we held them to under 100... and they fucking held us to 80!  You can’t write all that off as “we just weren’t shooting good”... yeah, cause the pacers D was better!
And they almost made it back, imagine if he actually used KK? Woulda won no doubt... sigh 
Will do, thanks!
Yep, completely agree. Health > team, always. 
Way too many players are and were injured this season. It certainly sucks he can’t and isn’t playing, but he shouldn’t have to.

And give him his fucking privacy. Unless you’re the Spurs owner, you don’t have any right to know.
Fuck Harden.
Lebron for MVP
Came to add, an MA is pretty much required to work at unis in Japan too. Doesn’t need to be TESOL or AL though. 

If you want a tenured gig, you’ll need to start working on a PhD most likely, not always though, I’ve heard of some lucky guys with MAs and lots of experience get tenured gigs.
Source: I work at a uni in Japan.


(Sorry for the mobile slop)
He cant math.
Yes, so it's technically not my coin in their wallet, but yeah, don’t have to leave 20 xrp there when I withdraw
/r/astrophotography 
Does this calculation include power costs?
Cool stuff. Post more please!
Storms, more docking, pirates, etc etc 
Great, but you’ll have to leave 20 in until they change the minimum 20 rule (not toasts fault, I know)
Yes! Found this out the hard way... binance is the only wallet you can send all xrp out of without issue I think.
Yeah, one of the most addicting “side games” I’ve ever played in any game ever.
I don’t expect much either. Even with all the Lue hate, he’s better than 98% of the shit talkers in here, knows the players a hell of a lot better and I don’t think anyone on Reddit would do better.
He’s pretty methodical and very slow to make huge changes that would throw players off and is more willing to just write that stuff off as a “bad night” or a “slump” 
Now, in the playoffs if you slump, you go home, so let’s hope he does something though.
Honestly, I think all the new guys just had a case of the playoff jitters. Of course they all wanted to win, but this loss doesn’t mean much. Potentially 6 more games (I hope we can end it sooner, but yah, who knows) I think they’ll get it together next game, and win it.
That looks really fucking fun
We lose first round, he gone
Not last season...
Tripod?
*More* of a problem without embiid. Not that he’s bad, but adding stars doesn’t always = win
I’m excited and seriously worried about the 6ers Cavs match up for the ECF.  
I think the score wouldnt be as good honestly. Not that embiid can’t shoot, or the 6ers would have lost, but it just would be less a win. Adding stars doesn’t always make you better, see OKC.
He had the “oh shit, it ain’t stopping tree” ready to go tho.
Jelly, to the max...
the good ol days of playing dota 2 (i've stopped for awhile) and always being pissed cause the russia dude(s) on your team sucked. proof!
Crazy! Thanks
Any videos of this turn?
And it's not Fox News, that's the shocker. Fuck NBC too!
Cavs in 4
They have a limit!? Lolololooool
I’ve had some for a long long time (months) too. Maxcoin is virtually worthless tho
Been using this for a few years now.  Qb is where it’s at.

Utorrent was THE shit like 10 years ago, it’s just plain shit now...
Dressing in a modern suit, I don’t think anyone would label him a weirdo. Take off that hat and Babe would still look pretty normal in today’s society. Standard 3 piece suit... the material may be a little old fashioned, but that’s about it.
Nah, pain in the arse to dress like that all the time. And there’s nothing stopping you
Because mvP, not mvT
Lol? Did WB not win MVP on that stat alone last season...
And never will. Mark my words.
Just like what’s his name from CLE, now Dubs
Hah, Kawhi ain’t coming back tho, so it’s cool
Those secrit plans better not include TT
Garbage time in a super blowout, sure.
https://photoshop-tutorials.wonderhowto.com/how-to/use-x-ray-techniques-photoshop-show-naked-skin-through-clothing-nsfw-410663/
took the words right out of my mouth
He said earlier he’d vote for himself, like a week or two ago
... lawl who didn’t vote for him!?
That’s why Bron should be the mother fucking MVP
Thanks, I honestly think your team this year is better than last and ours, while not necessarily worse, is less EXPERIENCED in the playoffs. Not having Ky sucks, but the bench is Way waaaaaay better (if you exclude TT)

That said, you’re doomed!! Muahahahaha
I’m aware they’re not actually litecoins, but yeah, still seems kinda pointless.
To each his own I guess.
Rough for Houston? that a joke? Harden will foul dive his way to victory. (bring on the downvotes!)
MVP.
lawl, Bron is more likely to go to the G league than he is the Dubs.
KD to whoever wins the finals?

obligatory FUCK KD!
No.
Jesus christ... Dubs done in first round?
I was talking with my friend about the exact same thing yesterday. Kemba is the answer, give them the pick or some players or whatever.  We know MJ doesn't want Kemba anymore anyways. Sorry Hill, but I say we cut him, keep Jose so maybe we can trade Hill, TT and the pick for Kemba and a possible 3 way with some other team besides the Hornets? Also, depending on how JR plays this playoffs  (if he does well, he might have some value), I think it's time to consider cutting him too.

And I really really don't think Bron is leaving. Win it all, or lose in the first round, he ain't gonna bail. He could give a shit about money too. His Nike deal is BANK. (I also don't think we'll go down in the 1st round either, but just sayin)
Kevin tore shit up in the playoffs last year, it was nuts. I hope he can repeat it again. 

I'm worried about JC, Hood and Nance a little with their 0 playoff exp, hopefully Bron enlightens them. 
Pretty sure that's not him, the back of his jacket is different.
There was another dude with the [exact](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/newpix/2018/04/10/18/4B04AB0E00000578-5600055-image-a-42_1523380575737.jpg) same shit on...

and dailymail... come on guys, we're better than that shit.
What did Simmons say?
to be honest, that seats obnoxiously low... He's not tall though, only 5'6
and you sang!? badass! 10/10 (I was totally expecting a dub of the actual song)
Cool, but the whole idea of buying an actual coin for crypto is still lost to me. Like why? Isn't it supposed to be digital??
That's a good idea I guess. I don't really make any purchases with xrp though so atm it's all just "savings"
really... well that's shit. it's only 20, but yeah, lame.
We all WANT him to turn up. It's just going on previous evidence this season, we're all a bit skeptical...
Harden is a foul drawing whore. Plain and simple.
*cracks knuckles*
I think Miami could steal one cause Spoel and Wade know Bron too well.  They play hard “anti-Bron” strats and it’ll be up to the rest of our team to make up for it. If they’re cold, we could lose...
I wouldn’t be surprised if we drop one (or 2!?) to them. They’re definitely the most underrated team in the east, if not league. Oladipo is a star.
I’d be willing to say the Oladipo Pacers are better than the PG-13 pacers.
Back when Bitcoin was a few cents.
Rofl. Man that dude needs to quit SC...
No, the van gets annihilated, you didn’t notice? 
Skip to the zoomed view at the end.
And I think the kids inside all died.
Hopefully resting him and that’s why were seeing TT get minutes. 
Melo. 
I would agree to this too, Harden seems to have a record with bad pacing in the playoffs (he gets gassed early), but that could be different now that he has a right hand man, CP3. Anyways, even IF curry is still injured come finals (and they make it) the Dubs are still the dubs with too much finals exp.
Doesn’t mean unsinkable I is underwater, maybe he just has 2 boats...
It was actually to put emphasis on *that* 
That! Will be expensive just felt worse
Go Bucks!... and Hawks tankwagon...
That would be what TT did the other day. 0/0/0/0 in 10 or more min.
Crazy how tight the west is...
Pop didn’t even budge though. Perhaps wasn’t watching tho 
The NOPE bridge.
He just slowly slides out like, umm, I don’t know what you’re talking about... luckily in China, big brother sees all.
That, will be expensive
Dunno if my previous comment was removed, but some stupid auto-mod sent me a message about linking to r/nba so I just copied the actual text. See one of the top comments of the same Harden post on r/nba if you want to see it. Here it is copied below though. This guy hits the nail on the head.

> The guy is a cheat, he lacks the mental strength of great players and MVPs like Iverson, Duncan, Bird, Jordan, Kobe, Dirk, and Nash, and too much of his game and scoring ability relies on bending the rules and having the refs look the other way.
> 
> You're not an all-time great or even a guy headed towards that status when you don't show up in a key playoff game like he did last year and then mumble and mope your way through post-game questioning and inquiry.
> 
> The fact that Chris Paul - a future Hall of Fame point guard and mentally-tough veteran - had to be brought in to be a Plan B option if and when Harden can't toughen up down the stretch and in-the-clutch in the playoffs says a whole lot about Harden.
> 
> He also dogs it on defense too much and can be a liability. Did/do any of the Hall of Famers and future Hall of Famers that I mentioned dog it or not give a great effort defensively and force their teammates to bail them out while they ball out at the other end? Hell no.
> 
> He reminds me of Cristiano Ronaldo and the criticism he has gotten throughout his career. The guy is one of if not the greatest pure scorers ever yet he's petulant, he dives and cheats with his theatrics, isn't always a team player, and you have to build the whole team around him because he's only willing to have fun attacking and he leaves most of the hard work and grunt work to his teammates while he glory hunts.
> 
> There's no denying that both players can be amazing to watch, that they fill stadiums, and that they have days and days of highlight reels on YouTube, but they're certainly lacking as complete players and neither of them command full respect like other all-time greats have gotten and will continue to get.
Unfortunately both games this season he scored big, this one and the rockets waaay back, we lost :(
I love JG. Hope he can keep it up in the playoffs!
https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/8amrvk/comment/dwzv3kl?st=JFQHXOB8&sh=e9c81303


Couldn’t have said it better.
I’ve loved him all season. Just wish he would attend the Kyle Korver school of tre’s. If he had a decent 3 pt %, he’d be a deadly threat. Like almost Bron level... he plays in the paint like Lebron, his FT% is awesome, he just can’t shoot the long ball well...
He’s a scrub. I said this all last year. He has potential to be better, I mean, he can be, all he has to do is stop this cheese. I’ll never respect him until he does (he probably will never stop).
Christ, the NBA changed the rules BECAUSE of him this season! (Diving into your defender to draw fouls and get FTs).
I think the NBA should think long and fucking hard on who they decide to give it to (the clear answer is Lebron), but they won’t.
Glad the rockets lost today.
was gonna say, in sure this photographer has been trying and doing this for awhile...
Inspect the room in complete darkness?
A billion!? For a measily 30 days?? That’s nothin... 
The cleaning guys must love that act
r/kpopfap
Including the mention guys, 3 of those bums were on the Cavs at one point and 1 still is. If JR hadn’t turned things around post trade I’d be screaming, why the fuck isn’t he on this list!?
Second half of the year you mean. Id like to forget that first half...
Source ?
He's engaged. Bron did that on the 2nd game of a b2b, AWAY. You guys were fresh, we also didn't have a PG, but you didn't have Embiid so, ok.  
First round sweep, 2nd in 5 and ECF in 5-6. Dunno wtf happened in the 1st half though, that was a disgrace.
Why do the Cavs do this, down by 30 and then decide halfway they want to win... it can’t be good for anyone. 
I agree, the 76ers are playing with a killer instinct and the Cavs playing like retired golfers... it’s gonna be a blowout though, so I’m not gonna torment myself. Already turned it off 
I know the nba couldn’t know the Cavs and 76ers would be so close, like seed changingly close, but it always seemed unfair as shit to me that any team would get to play fresh and the other on a b2b... just bullshit...
2 teams in a b2b, sure, but not like this. It’s a huge advantage. And to top it off, we’re away! 
Time to turn this off. Fuck this nba schedule. B2b’s at the end of the season...
Don’t get the calls Bron gets!? So you mean you don’t get calls? Stfu
They’re just hitting everything, and we’re doing the opposite.
At least we go the lucky red jerseys on.
Not looking likely 
It is a b2b for us tho. Crap fucking schedule
Way too much hustle by the 76ers and NONE by the Cavs
Wow. This is ugly 
Go go Hood!!
Gonna need to play solid D to win this. Even without Embiid it’s looking tough...
Hey now, the Cavs blew a 15 point lead in that very same game.
MVP.
He was the number 2 scorer in that game. He played very well.
Several career highs this season. He’s got plenty of gas in that tank
That was awesome
Wo wo wo, let’s not shit on holland cause TT is trash.
Had this as well. Awesome set
And Kristaps as the 6th man
Sweet baby Jesus, making that next week.
Oladipo > PG13 ???

A healthy Cavs team would make quick work of the Pacers tho.
Trump, the art of wrecking the deal.
And how the fuck did the Nets beat the bucks...didn’t the Bucks beat the dubs last week?
Here to overreact about Lue!!!!
Just a bit of title-gore. Perhaps wording it a little nicer would have enticed some constructive conversation?  (Not you, cleveland.com)
Man, he should just rest until the playoffs. We need his umpf a lot more for that than these regular season games.
and who do you feel should start? JR? KK?
Not a game question, but anyone know what is up with those weird slanted butt cushions the players use? I noticed Bron won't even sit down without one.
Fuck ESPN.
Woulda been the embarrassment of the season if they lost that cause the garbage timers blew it 
Or so they thought.,,
They need to dump him, honestly and I wouldn’t put off dumping Derozan too. 
Ha, no. Unless they sweep us in the playoffs (lol @ that) he ain’t going to Philly 
As a Cavs fan I wanted the Nets to tank hard, but instead you guys didn’t want it. Terrible tank job, waaaay too many wins 
Another Mavs fine inc
I was just gonna say, wow! That is some determination!!!
Don’t think that’s gonna happen. The dubs are all back except curry and unless they lied about his injury he’ll be back 2nd round. They still have 1 superstar and 2 all stars though, plus Kerr...
? Not really... some nights he HOT, others he’s ICE. That’s the opposite of consistent.
He only had 6 pts today. Gonna need him to drop more vs the 76ers, and everyone in the playoffs honestly. They have like 6-7 people who put up 10+
Looks like a swimsuit, but still... wtf
Awesome work. Where is this?
Lights out. Solid. We love him.
I dunno, we had trouble picking up an injured guy this season, I'm a little scared of what might happen again. I mean, make no mistake, a healthy Kawhi is WAY better than IT, but still... that's *IF* he's healthy.
I really hope the Cavs *secret* weapon becomes Jose. (Yeah I know he's not really a secret, being in the league for years and years, but still). His "tank" was saved all season, lets put him to good use now and sweep dem playoffs.
Wreck these baby dinos!
Playing very well, yeah the baby dinosaurs ain’t got shit on us. ECF sweep.
I think most people here agree, he does, but for some reason he doesn’t get them... there’s some reason theyre saving him, whatever it may be, but when he comes out he always shines 
The man, Jose!
Omg green, just stop, for fuck sake
If I gave a fuck about that I wouldn’t have posted this. You guys are still salty it seems though.

Keep dem salty downvotes coming.
We had half a roster then, hence my lack of concern.
Huh? Lebron murdered that guy iirc
Shaqs story was funny. He blew his signing bonus on two Mercedes
Does KK wear AF1s??
Last season he started wearing Kys, but I’m guessing that stopped for obvious reasons
Holy shit, I know this city... (Hamamatsu)
I just bought one too. Should arrive in a week or so.
What a douche (the car)
But I HATE truckers who tailgate. Like HATE with a passion, I hate all tailgaters, but truckers top them all. When you’re driving an indestructible killing machine, don’t fucking tailgate.
I wonder if that’s really what happened and who he threw it at though
I’m certain they don’t read this sub, lol.
But I doubt anyone in the Cavs org does
... wants to get traded to a team that matters next season.
Why didn’t he play?
Cavs so they can go home first round.
His foot DID get stepped on but Jokic is a flop king so you can never be how much of it was flop and how much was real. Still a foul though 
Actual video 
https://youtu.be/Skff2j_KqbY
Lost a bet or something
/whinyrocketsfan bu bu, Harden is so gud! 
That’s just not fair, like why!? I would look instantly 
Genius.
45 sec left, down by 13, why call a TO...
That goat sign is awesome
Mavs finally turn the tank on? Took them long enough... musta got the nod from Mark
Nah, there were a couple other games this season that sucked a bit more. 
Partied too hard after breaking MJs record!?
Turned game on 3rd Q, down by 10 to Mavs!?! Wtf!? ...Ohhhh the Cursed Jerseys.
Burn those things!!!!!
They look so sluggish and out of it. Stayed up too late for Justin’s concert?
MVP.
Great news. Hope he comes back 110%
That’s not crazy rare... 
I don’t think anything has topped Hayward though, that shit was ROUGH.

Hope he (McCaw) can heal up tho. Wicked fall
Wow...
12 years of “free trial” that’s pretty decent...
Fill void? Dude didn’t have to work hard enough for it. Joining a 73 win team!? And you expected that to film a void. No.
Fuck KD.
Lebron, without question
Curse of the Cavs continues. We didn’t have anyone out on injury did we? The basketball gods knew...
The rockets almost lost to the Suns, IN Houston!?? Wow.

A win officially, but definitely a loss overall.
14 mother fucking REB. Solid.
Ill take, this is bullshit for 300 Alex.
TIL Drose has a son. Didn’t he just get married?
I would like them if they didn’t suck.
Miami’s city jersey is hot fire.
I can ride an escalator into hell but have to CLIMB to heaven!? 
Don’t need nance to go off against the lolHornets. He also just got back from injury so he’s probably taking it easy
And lebron quietly drops 40...
For A round.
Nah, I think Ky fucked the Cavs with his “decision” at the last minute. Or at least that’s how it seemed... all the big trades were done. Had he said something say, before the PG trade, Indiana woulda jumped on Kyrie like white on rice. 
Everyone's been slamming TT hard, like the smallest mistake and everyone shits all over him. Yeah, he can't shoot but he grabbed 10+ REB last game, today's game coulda been better, but it wasn't AWFUL. 
Personally I would prefer Nance at C, but come playoffs, you KNOW it's gonna be TT, he has what, 3 playoff runs with Bron now? That's a lotta exp that you just can't ignore.

next year, if Bron and Nance are still on the Cavs, I could see Nance taking over if TT keeps up his mediocre performance, but currently, I just don't see them doing it. 

What I do think might happen, is Nance getting more minutes with TT starting. He got more minutes today, he got more in Miami, Brooklyn, Phoenix etc. They did the same with Hood and JR. Slowly fade them out, until it's just clear that the other guy will be taking over. But like I said, I don't think they'll do the switch this season with TT.
Let's hope he's got a few more left for the finals (2-3)
Nah, Fred and AC explained it well. Sure there are times where you don't think about it, but then you take a step back and say, holy fucking shit, we're living in one of the golden ages of Cavs (and all) basketball right now thanks to Lebron. Soak it all up and enjoy (and lets get one more ship!) 
Go Cavs!
Once crypto mining tanks, they will be fine. It's already tanking actually.
Good game Cavs fans! Walker continues his losing streak against the King
Bron is dunking all over these Bees
Family.
If? lolol
Bron is shutting him down once again.
MJ didn’t even bother going to the game, probably went golfing or something
The Rockets go 82/0. The Cavs make the playoffs but lose in the first round.
Outshot the shit outta the Hornets 2nd Q. Let’s hope the Cavs don’t pull a *cavs* and do what they always do in the 3rd... but do hope Kemba stays ICEY for the rest of the game.
Huh? Did you close your eyes during the 2nd Q? He has 22 already....
Brickin 3s like mad
Fucking sucks about Klove... I hope he’s back before the season ends
Not really, I think he would feast even more on Nance and even more on Z.
TT at least has the knowledge on how to deal with DH, if he does or not is another story.

Nance can def shoot better though.
That didn’t work very well did it.
Damn, looks rough. Kevin the baller still smiling tho!
We love you Love
Never know, Aaron could go off... unlikely, but I wouldn’t write it off as a win for the Nets yet.
Iceland, man I really wanna go there.
Vicious. Brons not gonna be talking to Dwayne for a while, lol
Everyone loves him when he does well and now that he’s slumping the hate comes pouring in.
His back is fucked up, he should be resting, not playing 31 fuckin minutes. Coaching issues there.
Loss to Miami, called it!
So it’s nothing serious? Like he’s not out for weeks or some shit?
And damn, WITH a mouth guard?
What happened to Klove? 7 minutes!?
Pop for president!
Overall a better lineup, hands down. The only thing that stands out is Kyrie. But he’s injured now, but had he been healthy I think he’s the only truly better guy we lost.
He was complete ass.
Shouldn’t have trade Ky to Boston in the first place. By the I mean, we shoulda traded him, just not to Boston.
How the fuck did his happen!? 
Why did Drose see no time? There’s your answer.
Hah! He’s gotta say that, but no fucking way.
Delete. (Social media)
Florida?
This isn’t r/nba dude, you’re not gonna get downvoted for saying good things about Bron
He’s not gonna call the guy an ass to the media...
I dunno, I could be wrong, but I have an inkling stars don’t get along with Russ. Take KD for example, left without even saying anything.
He seems like a bit of an ass for one (Russ), so I’m sure the locker room sucks too. Melo may be washed up but PG played way better as a pacer.
Needs to look into Brons training regiment 
No. The Nets play ok, they always start off strong, they just can’t close, and thus lose.
MVP.
That’s why he’s the goat.

The Nets answered right back next possession with a 3 as well though.
Wise choice. He also regularly drinks  wine, they should totally do a study on him, post retirement. 
Damn, that battle was nuts. Have him do an AMA
I get it!!! After like 10 loops (too much booze)
Thanks. Was a bit windy and I wanted to do a pass through the gate, but didn’t want to risk it being over water.
What happened to Uncle Jeff? Normal rest?


Edit:

Nevermind, found out he was sick 
Really realllllly need to dump that Land jersey design. I like the who "land' idea, but the colors are just booty, and cursed.
Nance is doing quite well, most people in here think he should start over TT, I mean, he IS now but I think that's because TT is coming off of injury. We will see what happens in a few games though. Hopefully Nance keeps starting. 
He's also an Ohio native and his dad an ex-cav with his number in the rafters (currently worn by Nance our sub banner needs to be updated) if you didn't already know, but that definitely helps a little too. Everyone loves him for that too aside from just playing well. 

JC, personally think he started off great, then kinda slowed down a tad, but overall a great acquisition as well. 

Channning still out? Treat him well, he's very missed.
He should but I know the NBA will screw him and give it to Harden
10 REB ain’t bad... 
Centers draw fouls, he’s being aggressive. A couple of those were questionable too. I’d rather him be aggressive and get some fouls. 
But yeah at the same time he needs to be a little more careful.
Think he was like +17 or something
What!?? Why!?,
Let me know what you get, box, dog poo, or an actual 1080, lol
You know those other team guys for this kinda thing are fakes... still a little funny tho
A towel!? Sigh 
Gotta have a hobby that support using it. Biking, motocross, skiing, diving, etc etc
Slow-mo version?
Jesus.
I had a taxi driver who thought he was an F1 driver in Seoul last year. My buddy was scared shitless eventually screamed at him to slow the fuck down.
No, I mean entire games. Not for injury.
I won’t disagree he deserves it, but Bron played the first half of the season with career HIGHs at age 33, then we started slumping, but that was due to a short guy whose name I don’t need to mention. Now that said shorty is gone, we’re doing great again, beating the top 2 teams in the east fairly recently (celtics then raptors). 
He also has been averaging a TD as of late, that may have ended but i think in Feb for the entire month he did.
While I still agree Harden has him topped, I wouldn’t say it’s a *landslide* ...
And as a side note, I know the season ain’t over but he’s slated to play all 82 games, and that has to be worth something too. 
Out of pure curiosity, has Harden rested?

ESPN confirmed swinging from the nutsack of the warriors, saying this is good news, lol
Yep, he ain’t gonna rest. He’s said he wants to play 82.
NOLA, Raps (they’ll be out to prove something, we’re clinched so who gives AF), 76ers will do what Toronto will, overplay to show they can do it, and fuck it, Miami.
After Bron had that taste of Nance and now Z, he’s spit that foul tasting T out.
So glad we won that Raps game. I’ll bet it made him feel great. 

My Canadian friend was like, I can’t believe they scored 79 in the half and still lost. Those delicious Canadian tears.
And wasn’t laggy and only 720p
Yep, and it’ll probably happen. He’ll (TT) get the start due to his seniority. I hope for his sake and our he plays hard and well, but if he doesn’t I hope Lue or Drew or whoever the fuck it is has the balls to take his ass out!
Haha, the abridged version of the last 2-3 seasons.
Get early lead, blow lead, drop by 10+, then sometimes make comeback if Bron explodes and gets a TD, otherwise lose.
He played one game so far, after returning, against the MFing Suns. Calm down guys. If Drew continues to give him big minutes, over Nance and Zizic, then we should start to worry.
Who’s your photographer?
But the “do” sound nothing like and English “do” 
So it’s a stretch... 
1975*
I like how the dubs are like, welp, we’ll take this and score and let you guys call the timeout.
He wants to play all 82 games, hence him taking no breaks thus far.
If Embiid and Simmons stay healthy.


Edit: ok, apparently the two top players don’t need to be healthy to make the finals. You fucks are delusional AF
Huh? Cavs don’t give AF. Bron will show Simmons he’s still king and will be until he decides otherwise
Raps got 1st seed on lock, they don’t give a fuck
Signed. 
Nance starts, Zizic bench, TT garbage minutes ONLY
I can’t imagine that dunking repeatedly and balls slamming into the rim all game that it would stay straight.
Wait, he’s back? And already injured again? Yeah, dubs are done this season.  Even as a Cavs fan, I’m sorry warriors, too many injuries. All the best 
If I was rich I would too. Most players are decent, Westbrook aside.
Booty as TT got 16 fucking minutes!? Fuck off. 2 for fucking 7 too... smh
I swear, he’s gonna cost us either a ECF spot, or ECF win or finals win or something. Mark my words. 
Yes! Drew knows what’s up. To the pine TT!!

Let’s keep Nances  minutes light tho, it’s the Suns after all 
Really depends where you live... if it’s hot AF and a sauna, no. Or, if it’s always cold as hell and freezing, no. Or a combination of the 2, no.
Most people don’t live in a climate that would make attic living comfortable 
I mean, he could work his ass off and get better, but I’ve always been against famous, non-acting types (musicians and sports players usually) who try to act or do something like that. For example, Shaq...
Like, come on, it’d be the same if some random unprofessional guy did it, wouldn’t it? 
He’s *very* skilled at basketball, duh, and an overall smart guy for what it’s worth. I love Bron 100%, completely support his voicing of opinion on political matters and the like, using his fame as a platform to guide youth etc, for sure, but just jumping into acting and the like, it’s clear he didn’t put all that much time into it and just doesn’t sound all that great. Sorry, just my 2 cents... 

/preparesanusformoredownvotes
Sounds like load of BS
Damn, you old.
No. Hes only 6'3
How am I not surprised 😠 Sigh... 
Fucking America 


Edit: apparently this was a good thing. More downvotes -.-
What happened?
Time to call up all the Grizzlies g-league team and put the Grizzly’s players back to the G
MJ wanted to trade him. 
Kemba: hold my beer.
Nice pun 
I dunno, I’m totally against the lady that said he should shut up and dribble, but he’s not that great of a voice actor... 
/runsandhidesfromdownvotestorm
Fred said the players are all calling him that, even though he’s not the original “Z” in CLE
I wonder what the NBA would have to say about that. 
Who are you again?
When isn’t testifying in court under oath? (Not a lawyer) can you even testify *not* under oath?
Avoided water, didn’t avoid death 
Fuck that peoetl guy. He was fucking annoying 
Making sure those knees are tip top for the playoff run
Lebron killed it last season too and he didn’t even make it in the top 3. The NBA has written off his greatness, stupidly. 
You guys get a good replacement for Ibaka and I think you may seal the deal. He’s trash
This season though, after that game, dunno about no raptors making the finals. We’ll see I guess.
“The” game!? You mean every single fucking game this season
Stupid Celtics trade... shoulda dumped Jae’s bum ass for RJ
What. The. Fuck.... did I just watch!?!?
It’s not bad, just saying that most of their “new” ideas are stolen from JBers. I want this as a normal feature honestly 
Yes! And send this idea to apple too afterwards so they can steal it later, lol. Like they’ve stolen all good jailbreak innovations.
? Tier 6 here, don't follow. 
I like my Fuso. 

Hate my Japanese T5 cv though. The Bogue needs a nerf like nobody's business. 
Where can I get this mod?
lmao, he's still pissed we rekt his team on his special day.

Get bent PP
Turned on playoff mode early.
Win of the season, thus far.
Fuck yeah!!!!!!!!!!!
That Bron rebound after DeMars brick. Wow!
Sweet Jesus I’m in Love
Dagger by love!?!?!
Haha, she decided to wake up and boy did she let me know.
Wow, missed the 3rd due to unforeseen baby, but wow, fuck, might have to rewatch it...
Fred and AC is where it’s at. Fuck ESPN
Tres are blowing up the scoreboard this game
Awesome start, let’s hold this up and blow these fuckers out to return the favor and show them they ain’t winning shit again this season.
? He’s been decent this season
TD inc
I’m 33, already using old man diapers and a walker. 
No, but he’s no spring chicken, come on...  Maybe he has something against the raptors, shrug 
He’s old.
30 points with 4 min left... Defense optional
Well ain’t shit we can do about that now.
Nance would have made a huge diff. Him and KK. Raptors are gonna go nuts with 3s, I can feel it already. They’ve already hit what? 4-5? 
Whew, wipes sweat from brow, they’re wearing the Reds and not the Grey
It’ll def be the Nets. Cause yeah, they’re more important 
One of those fake lie “injuries” then
Hallelujah 
DeMar playing I assume? (He sat yesterday). 
Don’t expect much from this game if DeMar plays and almost half our team is out. Probable blowout inc.
I’d say it’s more like trying to stop a boulder rolling down a mountain
Nature is fucking fire
The NBA writes him off every year, but every year he deserves it.
He’s in line to play ALL 82 games (Harden hasn’t played them *ALL* has he?)  averaging a TD as of what? 2 months now? He’s also fucking 33, if that doesn’t go into consideration it’s ridiculous.  

Is Harden outta this world this season and the number 1 spot probably? Yes.  But is Bron outta the running? I would say, fuck No.
Crossing my fingers everyone gets back healthy 2 weeks or more before the playoffs start
So 3-4?
Way, have an upvote
Yeah that shag on his face don’t look regulation
He’s trying to break in the 4 new guys as well as keep us in the playoffs. If he half assed it or sat out some games, I wouldn’t be surprised if the Cavs didn’t even make the playoffs. The finals is gonna be very hard to get into at this point. It’ll take stars aligning and an array of miracles for a ship
Jesus... RIP. 
Cavs issues just don’t stop.

And yeah, we def ain’t winning (the game tomorrow) now.
I hope the raptors blow us out again and we just use a weird lineup, cause then they won’t know what to expect for the real game in the playoffs. I’d say rest Bron, but that’s not gonna happen cause he wants to play all 82 games, out to make a point or something 
They blew us out last time. Rest for the Cavs ain’t needed
Didn’t play, why not?
So I noticed the Raptors rested DeMar for the game tomorrow.
Refs totally had it out for the Cavs last night. Bron got clobbered too with little to no calls.
Yes.
If he goes to the line 15 times, assume he’s been slapped in the face 30.

Klove on the other hand is a master foul drawer, like Harden level good.
Double OT, it’s impressive but not THAT impressive
22 ain’t shit. Still got plenty of time. Toss that ice cream in the trash and hit the weights tomorrow.
After reading some of this shit, yeah, I ain’t got nothing. Wow.
More so fuck these people. 
tl:dr

I don’t have a clue. Just like everyone else. Random ass speculation.
The real question is, a team of 5 Brons or 5 MJs?

The answer is Bron all day. He ain’t jealous, he’s just smart. 
Stopped posting on there ages ago, rarely check it either. FB will be MySpace (dead) in a few years, mark my word.
And no D-Wade, wow
Came to see this comment at the top, wasn’t surprised.
Jesus. Hope he can heal up...
Monster line. Thank you Kevin!
Yep, day by day.
Rest him I say, long as we got a playoff spot, I’m happy.
Same, good thing it wasn’t his shooting hand that broke.
Probably planned long ago.
Kinda hard to print 1000s of tees that quick
Fuckers won’t roll over. Fuck off Bucks
Klove is so fucking smart, high b-ball iq
These refs got something out for Bron. Smashed in the face, no call. Literally taps Giannis’ arm, called 
Clearly is serious 
So, did ya die?
So what happened?
A d-rose of old.
Yep, I admit I’ve talked shit about Lue but this season has been so fucked up, you can’t put all the blame for it on him.

JR fucking sucked, what other options did he have? yes, KK, but for most of the season kk was in a successful 2nd unit. Once the 2nd dissolved (Wade left) JR went out after the new guys were tried and tested. 
Another example of moving Jae to the bench and TT to starting worked for the one or two games before Love got injured, the list can go on, but I’ll stop there.
Everyone wants instant action, but I don’t think it’s that easy... especially when you have someone like Bron on your team. Remember the nothing but a towel storming of Lue’s office? Yeah.

Anyways, Lue ain’t perfect but we shouldn’t be so harsh on the guy, even if he wasn’t sick.
I noticed Zizic doesn’t, but that’s forgivable as he spent most of the time in the g league.
Not sure about the other guys 
I’m well aware what you meant. And I’m telling you, you’re getting angry that your “Canadian” team is losing to Americans, but your Canadian team doesn’t have any actual Canadians. 
... come on now, most of your team is American, or at the very least, *not* Canadian.
I like watching 3 balls go IN too though. If there’s one thing Delly could do, it’s brick the long ball
Holy shit, didn’t even realize he out minuted Bron! Is that like the first game this season someone on the Cavs had more minutes than Bron?
Billions still available, check.
So you can’t ever move it? Cool, but no thanks 
And please give me the option to remove “continue watching” !!!! Some shows suck, I don’t want to ever watch them again. 
Fine, 10 Brons. Guaran fucking teed 82/0.
I understand, but The Bulls are down some too. The  24 and 44 Bulls! 
Letting Valentine get a career high of 34 should not have happened.

A should not have been so hard, hard win.
Thank Fuck we have Bron
Gee, another player gets a career high off the Cavs, how am I not surprised.... ffs, is anyone guarding Valentine!?
Too low, Walmart Bron would be like Draymond 
Seems like they turned on cruise control (blow lead mode)...
If only we just had 5 Brons, to play all positions. We wouldn’t lose a single game all season, except those games Bron rests, it would just be a slaughter, lol 
Jose, think we’d have been way better off this season if Lue just kept you in as a starter the whole season, or at least until Hill came in.
Who are these beauties?
Dictator***

That’s what those are called.
the NBA would have a fit.
Jokes aside there have been WAY too many injuries this season. Need less games in normal season IMO
Just wait, it’ll be back awake in 30 minutes. 
I’m also dealing with a baby and was doing this exact same thing last night 
Hopefully amazon 
Did Jose dress? Like I don’t even see his name...
Didn’t look like a terrible loss to the blazers considering we’re down so many players (Love and Nance),  i mean, when Holland has to put in 15 min, you know something’s up. 
Also, what happened to Jose?
Didn’t watch the game but looked at the scoreboard. Wow, these injuries blow.... with Nance I’d bet we’d have won this. Not looking too good now though.
KK needs to start for the remainder of the season and post-season 
Crack down on something that can’t be regulated? 
Whole lotta NOPE
I saw the google news, don’t know why that would start a dip like this...
Good riddance to the scammers I say, not going to panic sell or anything, just wondering...
Other coins are all based off the price of btc. Btc drops, they drop, pretty much. Eth seems less linked but still linked.

Edit: I didn’t mean it’s not linked guys, it is very linked, but it just didn’t seem like 100% like say some random shitcoin.
I remember the b-cash crash back last Nov and eth not moving nearly as much.
Found it, I swear to god that option wasn’t there yesterday and I was updated...
Jose is a baller on the Cavs, wish he saw more minutes (he is now and I'm happy again). There's no way we would have went on that 13 game win streak back in the beginning of the season without and him and then proceeded to slump like a bitch when he went out and you know who came back after that...
Married to a Japanese national (I’m not), know many others who are as well. Dunno where you heard that, but it’s not anymore than say, a white American parent would be against their child marrying a non-white, as an example.
Duolingo is pretty solid for learning the basics. I love it
No it doesn’t... 
I’ve lived in Japan for a decade and had many a gf and don’t speak like a girl...
I recall one instance, yes, literally ONE where I made that mistake, in a text and my then gf at the time laughed her ass off at me. She said that only girls use that, and you should use something else (she then taught me) and yeah, I was much more careful and would ask about things. 
I suppose if you had NO other friends besides your gf, maybe, but I don’t know any other foreigners who talk like girls either
Good stuff, thanks
I’m also not a daughter but a father of two very very young daughters (oldest just turned 2) and I’ve been reading all these comments because I too grew up with all boys (two younger brothers) and am pretty lost in the how to treat and play with girls category.  
Thanks again.
Who Bron? He did one in high school iirc
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!
why all the Murray hate? sorry, late to the party
I like his stat line, but there’s no way he could hold that down. He’s 36, and not Lebron
Against the Suns though,  Im saying I’m not happy, cause I am, but I wouldn’t make any big assumptions yet.
I dunno, he’s definitely not shooting a whole lot but he IS KK after all, just *seems* cold. But if the stats don’t lie, I guess I’m wrong
Huh? Dude has been balling  HARD AF
KK fouls way more than JR and has also been cold as of late... Dunno what the fuck to think, very mixed.
Not seeing that option...
Day late and a dollar short. I’ll be moving my coin off there when they do though... time for a real wallet (non iOS one)

whats up with the downvotes fucknuts...
Glad he worked out for them. Cause he didn’t work in CLE
Aren’t they like infamous in that area? 
Chump
Drugs, has to be drugs 
What a dick, clearly driving behind him not trying to let him know...
I sure miss his skill
I hate people like this woman. 
Act Like it’s their god given right to get something from a celeb etc.
No, it’s not. So stfu

Anyone know where this was? Kinda off he’s still in his shorts...
Bron is Bron, but he’s still 33, he started the year off like a fucking rocket, then did a nose dive pre-ASG, a combination of losing Kyrie, other starters (JR, TT, Crowder, IT etc) playing like absolute ASS, and having to swap in and out so many players have surely taken a toll. 
Can they make the finals? I wouldn’t rule them out, but their chances are far far less than last season...
Been living here for close to a decade and I'm only 6 ft (183cm) and I hit my head on shit like that waaay too much. The stuff here was NOT designed with any thought for people over 5'9
Waaaaaay too many (big) injuries this season. I think the NBA needs to cut down the number of games or something.  And take back that rule on “resting key players in nationally televised games” 
Cavs fan, peace and all that, hope Ky stays healthy. Totally agree, rest him.
Wait, still confused, so Kyrie is NOT injured?
Obligatory FUCK KD!

And fuck you downvoter
And yet I get a downvote storm. Edy was kinda iffy though.  I thoroughly enjoyed those 3 seconds Bogut played
I've been asking for a REAL big on my xmas list every season, haven't had one in ages /sniff


Why downvotes!? I didn’t kick him (edy) off the team......
Dunno, China? Retirement? Cash Considerations? idgaf long as it ain’t the Cavs.
Bron needs to just do a Tim Duncan and take less money so they can get some better people around him.
This happens often against The No Defense Cavs, nobodies (not saying Randle is a *nobody*... but let’s not kid ourselves...) put up season high scores or what have you.
And the post Kyrie Cavs are dumpster fire bad
A reasonable overview. 
I’ll be shocked if JR is a member of this team next season. Shocked. 
TT too...
How to be a battleship captain (WoWs)
March was pathetically awful last season iirc.
I’m expecting little to nothing this season too. Bron is just prepping for playoffs. He needs some breaks. They better give him the Suns and Bulls game off 
Time to turn this dumpster fire off. What a shit show. They gonna get swept in the first round.
Just how can it be so bad? Players?Coach? Defensive coordinator?  All of the above?
This game is over. 

Bron has missed all his 3s, JG still trying 3s, he got lucky once. Fred then said he was 4 for 22 from deep...

I know lots of players are out but this is an embarrassment
Don’t think he will, Bron will see to that. 
If we lose, it won’t be his fault (IT’s)
At least JG tried a closer shot. Maybe someone said something to him 
Wait, does he?
i thought it was the grey ones for the Suns, who they play after the lakers
Randomly? bought one of the best albums ever created?
I knew those red ones were good! Please tell me we’re wearing those against LAL tmw!?
Fuck off, that’s the picture they used. And now I delete the link
NBA will call us out, lol
He’ll surely see time.  Jose will be in big minutes too.
Jesus fucking Christ... the whole team is gonna be MIA... 
looks like the G-league team will be starting with Bron
Wow, 2 weeks!? Sighhhh
https://mobile.twitter.com/nba/status/961065139465281536
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8FYUdPPUy4

Dont know where the pic is, but thats the video
I’ll bet next time she doesn’t try to be cool
Wow, lakers game is gonna suck, and probably be a loss...
Not saying I like it (the decline), but rock music has lost A LOT of popularity in the last 10-15 years. When I was in high school (majority white, but not suburb or rural)  if you didn’t like rock, you liked rap and definitely in the minority. I don’t think that could be said about today’s kids. 

Now, whether that’s good or bad is another story, so don’t try and skew what I’m saying. I learned to appreciate many other kinds while in college so it could be a good thing, other kinds of music or getting a chance, what with the internet and Spotify etc etc
Tattoo that looks like weird disease, check 
His FT is gold. His 3pt is trash
Back injury, where have you been the past few weeks? He missed a few games and they’ve mentioned it many times.
It’s clear he’s holding back, his back definitely ain’t healed.
Would not surprise me. You KNOW he wants to prove something. That’s the kinda guy he is.
*JG open 3s
He’s been ice shooting since like December (minus that ATL game), he also fouls too easy
His 3 is booty. But you can tell he’s holding back, because of his back. With Hood and Cedi out, this road trip is gonna be ugly. Hope they’re back soon
Fox News doesn’t care about facts. They want alternate facts
This ship sailed YEEEAAARS ago. Ffs leave video games alone assholes.
Fuck Fox (trash) Not News. 

Literally every other country in the world has access to these games (maybe not *all* of them but you get the picture) and they don’t have these shootings, gee... I wonder why!?
Goat coach.
He can get 110% from every single player on his team and get nobodies to play like allstars.
Sexy. Don't think I can afford this, babies and all, but I'm looking to build a slightly less expensive version of this, no Intel though, Ryzen, in the not too distant future.
Nothing really... Perhaps a little overly negative even though we have the GOAT
I just think outside of the mega stars, Wilt etc, most people are too young to know anyone from the 60s, myself included.
It should have an estimation, like you showed me, March 7 and it still isn't in your bank? You should also get an email linked to that account that says they'll send you another confirmation when it's complete.  
Did you get that email? I don't think there's anything else. My complete sales look just like yours, so I dunno. Maybe your bank is having an issue? I'd call them to check if there have been any transfer attempts from "Coinbase.Com/(and a huge string of numbers and letters)."
By the way, have you sold before? 

Also, use gdax to sell next time, you won't pay a huge fee like you did this time, of $15.  GDAX is run by coinbase, or vice versa,  but I think Coinbase is the main company, anywho, you log into gdax (same exact login as your coinbase) and then transfer your funds from coinbase to gdax, it's a little tricky at first, so I'd start with something small like $5 or something to test it out. Then once it's moved, just sell as usual. There's def guides around online too, on their site etc.
TT's bum ass better never see a start again (in CLE).
Rofl, if KK is on the court, duh... I think there was one game where Bron took it over KK though, and I think he bricked it too. I was flabbergasted by it.
Just watched that, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh that was rough! Like he just slipped off. Freak AF. Poor Celtics, man that sucks for them.
I'm truly interested as to why alts dip at the EXACT moment btc does. Does anyone have any hard evidence or research as to why? 
It's shady AF, you'd *think* alt owners would hodl, or sell btc to *buy* alts but that never seems to be the case.  I really just want to hear something more than a guess or conjecture...

AMA request for someone who sells alts during BTC dips. Any takers?
Already bought the dip, let’s go bulls! 
Good, cause fuck de beers. Artificially jacked diamond prices up for decades 
Don’t check Reddit daily, or sometimes weekly. Recent dip so I thought I’d take a peek. Prices is random, alerts on my phone went off
Wait at least a full month before you even LOOK at the price again. Checking everyday will just stress you the fuck out. Then slowly check less and less after that

Grats on buying the dip tho
Those scamazoners are getting pretty rampant. Although I guess you never really see too many, "hey! my purchase came as intended" posts though...
I wish, just don’t see that happening or being good to happen that quick. We don’t want another Dec. 2017 and proceeding Jan/Feb 2018 dump
You clearly didn’t watch game one...
Did he even get A hit? That’s what we call a shut down. 4 to 0 iirc. And I’m fairly certain Judge had 0 hits.
Still salty I see.

We lost and I don’t even care, just happy to see salty yankee fans
Short rest, stupid start. Not his fault and I don’t blame him 
I think that means you clicked “sell” and it’s started. Usually takes mine 3-5 business days. If it hasn’t come in by then, wait another few, lol. After 10 days I’d try (good luck) contacting coinbase
Hero 5 doesn’t shoot 4K at 60fps.
This a 6?
Standard NRA tactic no doubt. Gun problem is getting out of hand? Blame video games...
Yankees fans just pissed Bauer shut his ass down.
Iirc I read they tried to dump JR and TT and no one wants their overpaid asses
People seem to forget that...TT came in cause IT, Bron, Crowder, JR and Love wasn’t working, at all (reasons being you know who) Crowder went to the bench and things improved, Love didn’t have to play the 5, iirc we won our first game after the switch. I think the next game Love got hurt.
That’s a lot of fucking cheap carrots
If you listened to the children saying “snitches get stitches” on Reddit, yah... I don’t think I need to explain that any further...
Doin gods work son.
Really sad for him. Cavs didn’t need to let him go. His salary was nothing. Utah waived him anyway. It only there was some kind of magic miracle drugs for his knees. He totally woulda led a team to a ship if he didn’t get injured
Still gon get swept by king james

https://goo.gl/images/7KWMXH
The bench?

He ain’t gettin no ship with OKC and his ego will land him either on a team he won’t be able to carry or the bench.

(He’ll stay)
Shaq played with Bron, in CLE however and they still didn’t win no ring.
Kiss my butt bye
RJ balled harder than TT last finals. That’s a fact. Stupid trade deadline.
CLE fan, coming in peace.
Goddamn man, I think this loss is the least of your worries. Here’s to a speedy recovery.
This LeBron guy sure is gud. Several LeFuckyou shots in clutch time. Insane.
LeMotherFucking GOAT!! 🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
Good game guys. 3rd was a little iffy, but feels good to come back and win after the loss before. LeGoat for the mother fucking win.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thats game.
Fucking floppy foul drawing cheese. fuck off Jokic
LEFUCK YOU!!!!!!!!!!
You can tell that mountain air is getting to bron. He looks BEAT
I'd prefer he doesn't take that shot. But his back is still aching, for sure, he's not playing anything like he used to.
hes been ice for quite some time.

edit: and he heard me
brickbrickbrickbrick
Nance is a beast
Oscar award winner
I wouldn’t say destroying but he wasn’t fairing well
They had trash perimeter D last game. Also Nance wasn't starting.
And the Oscar goes to Jokic!
I just don’t like those fugly jerseys and it seems like we always lose with them. Haven’t done a count but it’s gotta be sub 50%
Shit greys again -.- fuck those cursed jerseys!!!!!! Who decides what they wear?
Those 1080s? I wouldn't say $5k+ isn't much. Nice work.
Hot AF
Like father like son 
10?
Duh, cause nvidia>everything else for gaming. Yeah I said it!
Only in japan could you do that and actually get your camera back.
Lmao, wow Korea is dumb.
What I love on my mouse, a Logitech forget the model number is, it has a lock for the wheel, so if you’re on a really long page, you can unlock it and it’ll stop clicking and just give it a big swipe and it’ll spin pretty damn fast and get you where you need to go much faster. 
Love it.
How about reading the article...
Sounds like a freedom of speech issue. Can’t see this going through 
It was in the Pistons game, forget the quarter, 2nd half iirc. Bron didn’t play in the 4th now that I think about it so it was the 3rd
Honestly surprised more fans/camera men are fucked up down there 
Ask stupid question get stupid answer. He answers kinda like Pop.
The shitty thing is there’s no one cool next in line. KD is lame, Curry ain’t cool enough, Giannis mayyyybe, but he’s gotta leave the lolBucks, Simmons maaaybe but still iffy, Ball not likely. You see where I’m going with this.
Welcome to the club
The warriors crap has to go.

Found the warriors fan in this sub. Fuck KD
I’d say if they all go cold except Bron it’ll still be an issue too. There’s plenty of games we have where Bron dropped 25-30 and we lose
Just read that and tried to post it. You beat me to it.
Good read, I hope anyone else who has an issue like this gets help. Don’t hold it back
I think just taking the T off would be insult enough... Rump Hotel.
Get it, “Ass” Hotel... 
I’ll show myself out
Buy valve, lol... the price is gonna be so high some countries wouldn’t be able to afford it
Super de duper illegal. That’s fraud. Which is also a felony iirc.
Super de duper illegal. That’s fraud. Which is also a felony.
If only Larry had the height of Zizic, he’d be the next Shaq
In our dreams.
Yay! [Suck on in Ajit](https://me.me/i/comcast-ajit-pai-after-work-today-19550096) 
Hah! That’s a pretty rough and inaccurate statement. He’s not even close to the worst ever. Top 5 OFF Reb’r for many seasons. Number 1 a couple of those iirc. 
He was only bad against the warriors tho really. Kerr is too good a coach and they played the hack a Thompson one finals, then he got better at the line and they stopped and I also think TT was too short to compete against Draymond and the other Dubs big.
He was a rebounding machine until like 2 seasons ago. Check the stats, top 5 OFF Reb for many straight seasons.

Zizic played fine. 
Better make it 3, 😉 can't be too sure if it's healed or not...
This Nance guy likes posters
Come on though, I don’t care how good you do the other stuff, you need to hit some shots as a starting guard... unacceptable. 
Feel sorry for the pistons, more so Blake than the Pistons tho. From shitty LAC to shittier Pistons. He deserves better.
Larry fucking Nance!!
TT to the pine!!!
TT to the pine!!!
Ego. I’ve said it before, but Lue is smart to start him, keep him at least happy for the occasional fire game he has, then reduce his minutes. Check the games post trade, Hood has more minutes in almost all of them.
He also got a ring with them...
Shot like trash last few games tho.
Glad he’s finally doing well. Would like to see more 3s but I’ll take what he’s giving now
Not too shabby
Zizic ain’t doing to shabby! I like!
Ikr! Just hope he’s not trying to show off and end up hurting himself or something 
Lue won’t bench JR, doesn’t want to hurt his feelings. He’s already been cutting JRs minutes. Hood is already playing more minutes.
He’s been aggressive as hell, and looks pretty durable to me
TT is out! Nance starting! Gg
Parachutes?
I ain’t selling, that’s for sure.
I’ve started to do this too, def need to do it more though.
I’ve also found sailing away at strange angles to the ship firing on me helps
Million times better. And probably not cursed.

P.S. why the Ky model?? 
Damn! Sam is fucking 69!?! Wow
Show her r/gifrecipes 
I’d bet my life savings they would say otherwise if their own kids/grandkids  got killed.
Haha, Simpson’s gifs, always perfect. I swear that show never fails to amaze. Grew up watching it, from like 2nd grade till early college when my WoW addiction started. (Its long over now btw)
That was my guess, just a dramatic scene to *look* like he crashed
I understand why, I’ve picked up on that too. Works well
They tried to trade his bum overpaid ass and no one wanted him. He’ll probably get dumped this summer. If Bron stays or goes, I can’t see him stayin
Cavs surely woulda been 0-6 with their old setup.
And they still gave him all 9s... I guess in Japan the only players who dunk are the foreigners anyways
Is it possible to disable that specific coin or would I need to disable the whole algorithm?
Yeah, I’ve figured out to not repair fires instantly the hard way.
Thanks for the info tho
Fair enough
I have not, perhaps I’ll try.
I just want that Yamato so much, so I went down the bb path.
I dabbled I’m cv’s too though, they’re fun
Fuso, so I know I'm big and slow, I don't recall who was firing. Seems like many people are badass at aiming, cruisers especially
i zigzag and try to reduce my broadside, for sure.
Never had an issue.
“Started in Dec 2017... “ 

Stopped there.
I had a gf that said she would want that, I recall trying to wake her up doing it and her getting angry about it. It’s like, bu but!!?!
Quite a claim...
Cause Lue is a fool.
Maybe next year, maybe next year... I think it’ll require the Cavs getting swept in the playoffs for that to happen.
I’m def not a conspiracy theorist but those jerseys are CURSED!!
Way too many easy shots for DEN. Good D in the 4th, day late dollar short kinda feeling though and some game deciding bricks at the end cost us
There’s the dagger :(
Two bricks by JR when we DESPERATELY needed one
Come onnn Bron, freight train us to victory!
Please JR, do it! Ignite!
Nuggets just don’t miss damn 3s
Get some stops, knock on wood, and actually hit a couple 3s while not giving them fucking wide open 3s and we *could* win this
Wide open Nuggets 3, Wide open Nuggets 3, Wide open Nuggets 3, Wide open Nuggets 3, Wide open Nuggets 3, Wide open Nuggets 3... trash
Far too many
Perimeter D is trash, that’s why
Slightly off topic, those outdoor heaters always shock me. It’s like, come on... unless you’re standing directly under or next to it, it’s a 100% useless waste of energy. It’s like driving down the road with your windows completely open and the heater on...
I’m probably gonna get a ryzen soon too, and it will also be near 18 years as well for me to use AMD. I built a PC in high school, maybe 2001, used an AMD, and haven’t used AMD since.  Use a fairly old Intel i7 now, something something lake, forget. It’s served me well but the Ryzen is too sexy to pass up.
Kenny Lofton
We sure that isn’t like a fleshlight and dildo?
That's been the refs all year. 
I mean, the CONSTANT bitching and whining needed to stop but I think they’ve gone too far.
Feel sorry for the delivery guy more than your people... you know he ain’t getting paid shit to do that
They tried to trade him, no one wants that head case.
I was kinda sad Hood shot so bad today, I really was, but I wouldn't rule Hood out yet. I also don't think JR  will be put on the bench. Iirc, mid-super slump in Jan, JR said he would be fine coming off the bench. So first off, this tweet is probably bullshit. Second, I don't think starting even really fucking matters. Hood has already been playing more minutes than JR post-ASB.

Nets game: JR 22 min, Hood 30 

Spurs game: JR 20 min, Hood 28 

Grizzlies game: JR 15 min, Hood 24 

Wizards game: JR: 32 min, Hood 27
goat, best ever,  Bron > MJ. 
Yep,  this is definitely illegal 
Did you see his booty ass drive today? I coulda done better. I knew the instant he started it was gonna brick. He did not disappoint 
Yeah, that’s his one job. It worked well when we had 4 other great shooters. Kyrie, Bron, Klove, and a pre-2016 JR...
Not so much anymore
Hood dropped 20 bricks tonight. 
Toss those "land" jersey's in the FIRE! Have we won even a single game with those?! I lost count of how many rim-outs we had, there were like 15 in the 1st Q alone.
Heaven
Pretty sure that’s what he meant. Took me a second, it’s subtle but not subtle. I love it
Duh?
Definitely look paler, let’s guess, started in summer, ended now-ish?
I’ve also lived in Japan for 10 years and can confirm their inability to stay at home when sick. A combination of the backwards culture, ‘work hard or you’re not good’ attitude causes people to come to work even when they’re on their death bed. 
I once worked with a lady who had pneumonia and was coming into work.  She did miss a few days, but she came in Waaaaaaaaay too soon. She sounded like death for a good month.
My jaw was on the floor. 

The open windows thing I also can confirm, it’s absolutely insane. Yes, let’s get colder and “air out” the room -.-

I would go year in and year out, simply washing my hands, keeping my distance from people (not getting within arms reach), and not touching my face for the entirety of the winter (cold season). The last one took some effort to remember not to do, but it worked. And I rarely got sick. Never wore a mask, even once. 

I have a sneaky suspicion that honestly, the whole mask thing has to just be a scam by the mask companies. 
Yes, except that is the antithesis of productivity in college however.
Daddy warbucks?
It was the opposite during apartheid.
International companies and govts stopped investing in SA because of apartheid. Seems like they’re taking steps backwards again.
Don’t see how that isn’t hard evidence.
“I did it” ...
Nope, still need more.
?!?! 
Da fuq... how was he not caught sooner!?
Ego. 

JR has been doing ok since the Spurs game he put up 0. 
And yah, bench him and we all know he’ll pout and play crappier than he already has been. We need pipe hot, so, start him and just take his minutes down.
I have a sneaky suspicion Lue is planning to/ if not doing it already.

Nets game: JR 22 min, Hood 30
Spurs game: JR 20 min, Hood 28
Grizzlies game: JR 15 min, Hood 24
Wizards game: JR: 32 min, Hood 27

So in all games since the ASB, Hood has played more than JR, and the one he played more in was a loss (Spurs game was too though)
Hoping KD or Curry have some injury of some kind during the probable Rockets vs Dubs WCF.
I think the rockets have a very high chance at forcing a game 7, if Harden and CP can stay healthy. I hope it’s bloody AF.
On the opposite end, I don’t think the Celtics will last in a 7 game series vs a healthy Cavs, and as for the Raptors, who knows. If Kevin comes back without a hitch, I think we *could* sweep them. But we don’t have Ky anymore so my guess is they’ll take 1. 

If a bruised and tattered Dubs make the finals vs a hopefully not as bruised and tattered Cavs, we potentially could win. Sure. 
Cavs in 4! Lol, but seriously 6 or 7?
He knows he has a chance to get a ring now. Unlike in LA
I don't know if I'm in the minority or what but I've NEVER had even one problem with CB. Cashed out (smaller amounts) several times, problem free. Using all of their 3 currencies.
Empty 
Agreed. He definitely just blamed the one thing that crypto can be pinned as “bad” for. Didn’t mention a single good thing, like blockchain etc. Kinda sad that a guy who revolutionized tech like he did would say such a shitty thing.
Oh well... he’s the richest (not sure, 2nd?) guy on the planet so money is the least of his concerns.
Aside from being gray, which don't really matter imo, your hair is baller... you aint going bald, and that's what really matters...
See you took the scenic route around the middle east, probably the wise choice.
Dictatorships are gud /s
Not even just making it a black square...?
Did a bot post this!?
Tupac!? But why?
I swear, some people just, like how!? Do you run that through a belt sander on the daily!?
You wanna see the [cable](https://imgur.com/gallery/Ru76t) I've been using for 3+ years!?
And to top it off, you watch them whenever you want, usually practically commercial free
Officer, we have a double homicide to report.  Yes, the OP and “post” were both found dead at the scene. The post seems to be nothing but a dried up skeleton at this point however.
IRS: So Mr. Cent, about that bitcoin you have...

Cent: What? I don have any of that stuff. (quickly sells all)

...
Just watched it, but that Cunningham elbow to Bron's neck was dirty AF! Totally a F1, possibly F2?
I’m referring to FTs, only.
Sun was expect to rise and it did. That’s what I got from that tweet
Sounds like a media ass pulling. 
Why in the FUCK would he go to philly!? 
He didn’t even choose Embiid in the ASG...
He’s def a master of answering shitty press questions. As any coach should be.

ikr, I’m sure he could be there in a month with a beard and new hairdo and maybe a hoodie and no one would fuckin know.
It was still shitty what he did and this is good publicity 
Very strange... they NBA probably *conveniently* scheduled it during some big event and players were like, dunk contest or bitch at refs... DUNK CONTEST!? Or bitch at refs!?! .... fuck the refs
Rest up uncy Jeff. Take as long as you need, cause we’re gonna need you later.
Nance is pretty terrible too though.... 

Edit: at FTs!! since no one understood me.
Fucking absolutely insane. And stupid. Instead of fixing things, they make them worse......
Unfortunately I think lame ass Harden will steal it.
Str: 18/99
Cha: 20

FTFY
Maybe, but who knows if IT just didn’t play it down and lie about it?
During the playoffs, I think so, I don’t know how long he hid it though
But eventually he  just couldn’t take it and walked out mid game, I remember 
Glad to see Crowder still tossing up brick 3s.
So bad...
Iirc the Celtics medical staff said it was worse than the Cavs staff, like way worse. I guess the Celtics guys were right
Brad Stevens can make most things work.
Facebook has been desperate since the election. It’s filled to the brim with shit. I expect a MySpace level implosion soon
Yep, media blew everything WAAAAY outta proportion. He probably didn’t say half the shit they claim he did. 

Did he play like shit? Yes. Did he need to be traded, yes.
But the media pulled half the shit out of their ass to over dramatize it all. 

All that locker room shit is hearsay. Literally 0 proof, so anyone who believes some “insider” from ESPN is a fool
It was so painful after the first game or 2. 
Maybe he’s getting ready for his big Halloween bash next year?
Another loss in those cursed “land” jerseys.
Time to toss those into the dumpster, they ugly AF anyways... 
I'm sure they have some agreement in their user agreement that you didn't read making your case garbage.
Sounds like a normal game then.
Fuck zaza
Yep, agreed.
And why not one more obligatory FUCK KD!
Didn’t need to read it to understand that though
Gil is worth like several billion. That was chump change to him
Plenty of non-Americans in the NBA. Did we forget about Toronto?
Something something blew a 3-1 lead... KD joined a 73 win team (a team that blew a 3-1 lead)
Rightfully so. Anyone who hates on Klove is a fool.
Ouch... but really an IT jersey? You already got a James and Love jersey?
What place were we before? Dead last?
TT has outscored JR on many, many occasions, and JR doesn’t do much else except score... so? At least TT can set picks and grab rebs. Yeah, his shooting is awful, kinda surprising he’s a professional basketball player sometimes but yah...
Cool.
Awesome, I live in Japan. Luckily, I’ve never gotten the flu.
Not surprised... The Kims also get dibs on them. Didn’t both Un and il marry one?
Agree. Please send out emails to those you are revealing...
JR has been cool since the Twolves win or so. He played like trash all season before, but let’s keep him happy, cause we need his 10-15 a night (I know he didn’t tonight, but he has had it again, since the twolves win)
Still played 36+ 
I think Lue should have taken him out earlier.
The Grizzlies ain’t nothing without Conley, I was shocked how crappy our first Q was.
Glad they tuned things up though 
And his dunks look much cooler than TTs boring *drops* 
lmao, man, I do feel some remorse for the lil guy and his injury, but yah, it SUCKED
He ain’t useless. He’s been balling ok so far, post starting again and injury. Nance is def better thus far, but I wouldn’t bench TT, cause while he was benched before in place of Jae Bricker, he said he didn’t mind but he played like ass off the bench so deep down I don’t think he wants to.

I think nance will perform better against LaMarcus though
Larry Nance! Rock D!

Those refs needed to get the basketballs out of their anus’ tho.... calling everything under the sun.
Breath wrong and you get a tech...
An annoying act. I’d rather watch golf than SAS
You know what I fucking meant.
*An annoying fucking idiot

Ftfy
Curry is also paid millions to do this, he better be good...
As per usual, nobodies have career games against the Cavs /smh
More?
Why's that?
Your dad's!? Man I'm old...
Yep, DH is the shit. They got everything. Also knockoff shoes, if that's your thing. Jordan's etc. Just can't search for "Jordan's"
Tl:Dr ??
Fuck driving, I can't wait to be driven by my car
Look at a map of Japan. It’s filled with backwards “swastika’s” 
I’m not japanese, by studied Japanese in high school (I actually live in Japan now) and I remember the first time I saw a Japanese map of Japan. I was WTF!? Didn’t you guys lose ww2!? I then found out that all the 卍 or “manji” in Japanese, are symbols for temples on maps.
You didn’t see last years ASG did you?
ASG break’ll do that. I reckon, even in a b2b we can win tmw against Memphis 
Update after the wizards game? Surely fg% dipped
Nance is bootie at the free throw line, needs to attend Korver School of Shooting, him and Cedi both.
Sushi *shaped* s’mores.
Nothing sushi about these
Dirty as fuck...
Yep, I’m not angry they lost. Just need to brush up on that 3 ball. Shot like garbage. Hill and Hood had some wide open bricks, and Uncle Green too
The black ship jerseys, first, the throwback orange ones last season second and the new black ones this season third.
Those shirtless interviews, lol. I guess he did put a shirt on though.
I guarantee he’ll have a plan for this next time (playoffs?). Whether or not his team executes it is another story. 
Fuck this sub. 
Not impressive by 2030, still commendable 
I also thought SA would be cool too, but then if you think about it, I just don’t see him meshing with Pop... Bron has never had a coach like Pop and I’m not saying Bron is stubborn, or unwilling to listen, but he’s always kinda been his own coach...I think he’d fit better with the Rockets coach, or Kerr even more than Pop
Pity panhandling?
Kyrie wasn't the norm. Ky wanted out *because* of Bron. The rest of trades in and out, first off aren't superstars, like Kyrie, and secondly, we both know the team is made around Bron, so why TF wouldn't they communicate with him about it...
They have to *say* they aren't, but come on, are you really fooled by that?
Honestly all this BS about him going to the Lakers is such a fairy tale. When he can lose like he is now (until very recently) and still be 3rd seed!? Nah, he ain’t leavin’...To the west at least. And I wouldn’t go anywhere else in the East if I were him either. He has a long term relationship with the Cavs owner (was that trade not insane!?) and FO, has a say in just about everything they do. No way he’s gonna throw that all away, not for no Lakers, not for anyone.
He’s guaranteed max anywhere he pleases, so money ain’t a thing, and he ain’t gonna pull a KD and join the warriors, so, yah, Cavs till he retires.
Seems like it’s the spurs medical team... I don’t think it’d be hard to find another doctor on the issue somewhere else. Not like he doesn’t have the money... 
What about next season!?
Shitty, but he has to realize that he isn’t Lebron... 
You should do an AMA about your time in a Thai jail.
I picked up TF1 for a similar price a year or 2 ago.
Was cool, for the first couple hours I played, then never again
Several lies a day, to the NATION. I don’t think that’s anything short of pathological. Any sane person would just feel bad lying so much.
Just imagine how many other hundred times a day he does it for small shit. 
Awww come on, pornhub ain’t that bad!!! 
And if he’s in the olympics, he most assuredly is an “elite”
Very helpful, thanks. Have an upvote.

I think the fact that it was a North Korean makes it seem all the more “vicious” before knowing the actual rules.
But yeah, I think anyone would have done that after reading that.
Cool, can anyone sub it to english?
Can’t read a word
Not as annoying as TrashCan Gundy
R/Bettereveryloop
Yeah I wouldn’t use CB unless you’re planning to sell it in the near future for fiat 
Japan here, actually an ex-pat from the US, and a not too terribly religious family.
Japan is paradise in regards to religion, or the little to no invasiveness in peoples lives or society. 
Sure, there  are little temples and shrines everywhere. But you never, ever hear people talking about religion (ever usually) but the ones that do, almost never in a way that would cause offense, or something demeaning of others who don’t follow their religion, just mostly small stuff.

And Yeah, like you said, Japan sure is a hell-hole. /sarcasm
I miss pre-EA every single company they’ve bought
What do you mean? It was down to like 0.60 usd per xrp at one point during the crash. Its around $1.10 today, almost doubled in price. 
Iirc btc was down to around 6000 something usd, during the crash. Btc is now about 11,000. About double the price.
That’s pretty damn similar.
Things aren’t bad at all for ripple.
Yeah and He couldn’t do it this year for the Pats. 
Too soon?
Win the Browns a super bowl!?
If he did that I’d bet they would rename Cleveland to LeBronland
At all.
Hence OKC taking so long to mesh
If we win a ship, knock on wood, Green deserves to get paid. If we don’t, green will probably leave and deserves to get paid. He’s worked his ass off this season, so far
From random white NBA guy to Khal Drogo
Men like what you describe as “meat” so it’s definitely to your advantage. You look spectacular btw
That. Was. Awesome. 
The person who took the video, crazy lady A, def cut shit out to make it herself look *less* like an idiot. She wasn’t very successful 
Has to be a private place, if this was some chain they’d both be fired the next day, regardless of whether they were in the right or not (they appear to be)
She obviously posted it somewhere, cause here it is on the fp of Reddit.
I heard, I think AMD, is making some cards specifically made for mining. Would be win win for gamers and miners
Once.

What I haven't got, is a payment recently from recently mined coin. It *seems* like if I'm not mining when payments go out, they just skip me... Even if I have an unpaid balance that's above what would normally be paid
Equihash fucks everything up,  but I’ve turned off video accel and if I leave the browser maxed open on the screen it’s fine, if I make it not max, even a bit, everything gets crazy laggy again.
Or a one in a billion way to get a lot of money.
A pro troll, that’s who
Selling Ltc will give you lower fees, not eth.
Hodling is def the way to go, why are you selling so fast?
Oh I remember, he was just broken. The raptors have made any moves worth mentioning, they’re as good as done.
I was just thinking, this has to be a Photoshop or something. Wow... That's pathetic. What a shithead of a president
Dunno how they could deny it even if they wanted to. It was a blatant foul, all arm.
Are you really into bikes or just a lazy weekend warrior?
If you answered the latter, 2 stroke all the way, otherwise 4 stroke no question.
Sounds like an excuse for something else. He coulda played 5 minutes or something if he was only tired... I’m not hating on him for resting, but don’t fucking lie about it, Come on now...
Small!? 
Poor Boogie. Man that sucks...
They ain’t gonna do shit. 
Pre-trade,  sure,  we prolly woulda lost. 
But Derozan always cracks under Bron, they won’t win.
I don’t see how Bron could  win anything in LA.... Let’s say they get PG-13, they won’t be able to afford much else with Bron.
With Bron, PG, the rest of current lakers minus IT and a few other minor changes, I could see them dropping before the WCF even with a team like that...
With The players the Cavs got, FROM LA, I just don’t see him going there.
We all know IT will be shown the door at the end of the season but Ball ain’t no star (yet?) and the rest of the Laker ain’t gonna make no finals with Bron or without. 
He’s staying in CLE.
More people will without a doubt die under trump than the falling of the towers
Also more people will undoubtedly suffer financially, mentally, various other lly’s under trump as well.
If you have a Coinbase account, you have a gdax account. They’re one in the same
It's much easier to navigate older seasons on PC. you probably can do it on phone though. 
Just open up the games and look at the months tab, I think it's default on week, then scroll back 2 seasons. That's what I do
How did the battery hold out!?
True
The Cavs got lucky by getting 🐐 then a superstar PG.
If I was a team owner I wouldn't bet on a PG tho. Curry is an exception but it seems like most of the time, a PG can't lead a team to a ship. SG/SF ftw (I know this guy ain't a PG, just sayin)
We also got Bron and Kyrie, 1st picks, lol.
The best hype video for me is this 
https://youtu.be/6J-nYN9NGRE

I watch it every now and then, especially during this last big slump/losing streak. Really helps
/sniff
One more!? Come on Bron! You know you got it in you! 
Bron is so happy. Ship inc.
He was Griffins apprentice, and he was a pretty good GM too, so...
League pass, Cavs only (or the full pass) lets you watch many seasons of Cavs games, of course this seasons games as well.

It is of course, not free.
Just have a retired players 3 pt shootout Separately.
Bron and IT in a few years!? Lolol
That was really cool. Went as expected though (kind of a make up chat)
That was garbage 
Gotta admit, Sr’s dunk was a little smoother. Juniors was also good tho. He got robbed, shoulda won with that
First up, Nola ain’t giving up no AD, 2ndly, Love won’t get traded for anyone short of like KD, who also won’t be traded till it’s a cold day in hell.
Gotta keep that population down somehow. Can't be having anyone come back from the dead!
Goes without saying
Probably, the registration only costs $5 though, so it’s not gonna kill you to pick one up...
look on the FAA website about drones 
Link?
Only, petite Asians
With Trump and crew in power it's only gonna get worse. Mark my words
Gilbert is worth almost 7 billion. I don’t think he’s hurting on cash
Fuck the media and their ass pulling. No way Wade would talk shit on Klove.
And Wade is gone, so whatever 
That DH one was the worst (best)
If someone broke in, they’d just ignore it.
Clearly a prepped course, but awesome shredding
Most likely the media is running dry on shit to make  up so they’re pulling this one back out of the toilet. Who fucking cares, they’re both gone...
This. That doc was nuts. 
How can they regulate btc? That’s the whole point of btc.
Cashing back from crypto to USD (fiat), sure, perhaps, anything else, no.
No, don’t get injured. I, as a fan, do not want anyone, outside of the Warriors, getting injured.
Lawl, course it was Curry...
Find the source (for pr0n)
Fox News, the anus of news networks.
Fuck those idiots
I’m sorry lakers, you guys got burned.
Thank you for Nance and JC tho, no sarcasm, truly thankful 
Awesome! Let’s win Nick a ship!
Go Cavs!
If they can get a young star that's already drafted, sure, Mitchell? Simmons?  JJ? For example... I don't think it would be a waste. 

Going for Kawhi would be costly, and cost more than the pick and he's having serious injury issues... Dudes been out all season! He's not Drose bad, but I would almost write him off at this point.
PG, meh, not worth it. Depending on how OKC does his value may go up even more and we all know he wants to go to the Lakers.
Frye is so awesome. At least he has Walton as a friend/ex-teammate out there.
Hope you like dust. Nah looks cool, just get some canned air 
I think i've seen this like 30 times. We got it, SK aint gonna ban crypto... ffs 
Turn it off
Very hot.
3, 4 games max.
Can I come to?
Remindme! 4 days
That would be very sexy, but I dunno. I need moar!
I think it will, in a good way.
Fuck btrash and Ver
Dusting off my 10k memes already
Yeah, they require WAAAAAAAAAAY too much info. Nope.
The double T was weak
Good thing miller tastes like ass 
Not a fan of the new "the land" jerseys AT all. The new black ones are nice tho.
I do like Miami and Utah's city jerseys.
IKR, the whole point of a flask is to drink straight out of it...
The washing machine!? But why??
/sniff I miss Frye already :(
You must not have seen the abysmal wasteland that is the top of Brons head
Young guys don’t wear them as much as older guys tho. Those two are both geezers and are trying to use every last bit of technology and innovation to stay razor edge
[Best](https://www.teamrankings.com/nba/player-stat/rebounds-offensive) OFF REB'er in the game. TT's injury really killed his rating this season, but he was #1 last year and #2 two years ago. TT's been in the top 5 since 2013
That winning streak was w/o IT.
See all that white stuff on his shoulders? that's not actually part of his jacket, that's salt.
Been like this all season. Bron and JR played solid ball though.
How da fuck you gonna be down 20 so quick... to the Kings no less... 
When will this pic be flair?
FUCK NBC, i cant even watch the clip outside of the US. greedy terds.
Savage win. All around amazing play and Bron’s 5 TOV easily forgiven by his 37 pts and near TD. Pipe was hot, new guys hot, JG with some delish floaters, my boner still is poppin
JR!!!!!!!!!!!! TOTALLY REDEEM YOURSELF
Nance better hit the gym with KK and work on them FTs. 1 for 4...
He’s pretty damn cold today. No match for Adams.
He's the biggest reason they're still in this game. Russ aint shooting too hot and PG is doing decent 50% from 3, but Adams is a monster in that paint.
Fuck Adams, he’s too fucking big
I think Bron will have a fucking statute built outside the (new Q?) like Jim Brown at the Browns stadium and of fucking course his number will be in the rafters. Kyrie, he deserves it, trade aside. Love, probably if he sticks with the Cavs, JR and TT are iffy. TT I would say no, JR if he can play out his career in CLE and if they got another ship, sure.
Everyone talking about Toronto is gonna give the Cavs a hard time in the playoffs, just don’t see it. Derozan is very intimidated by Bron and I think we’ll sweep the floor with them with this new squad
This Lebron guy is good.
He had 2 delicious floaters though
Adams is a monster, I think Nance was doing better on him than TT. Hopefully he gets tired and starts getting sloppy. 
Hood is shooting well too though. 
Need some way to shut down Adams and this game is in the bag. He's the only reason they're not getting rekt.
This D and hussle is giving me a raging boner though. 
Nance on Adams is working well
nice shot, where is this?
eating chocolate.
The curling team. I know nothing about curling but I watched them and they’re good (according to the announcers, and then winning gold)
Is that a Walmart ? 
I think his family and everything is still in ATL
post with gf
When he retires he's totally gonna be on the coaching staff doing stuff like this.
Lebron ok with sending his best friend “home” to finish his career in Miami and then a response like that from Wade. Yeah, Bron ain’t leavin
Fascinating. Turn the music off or at least down when he's talking ffs.
Why might i ask was it made illegal? Why prohibit innovation!? I'm more into "extreme" sports like freestyle skiing and freestyle motocross and you'd get laughed out of the room if you talked about banning a trick because it's "difficult" 
over reaction to the billionth degree
The "physics" being larger batteries -.-
[The article](http://www.newsweek.com/chemical-mcdonalds-fries-may-cure-male-baldness-study-say-799439)  since no one has posted it.
He played like absolute ass for over 1/2 the season.
If he can keep up this 12+ a night, I’ll forgive him.
He was nervous... or something.
I forgive him.
Without question, Ky's shoes are the best. I say this as a Cavs fan too.
Holy shit! JR is only 32!? I never really thought about it, but he looks way older.
Shorter than IT!?!
Hey now, I am 1/64th Cherokee and I'm OFFENDED!
Sweet jesus, the Cavs are BACK with vengeance! 
Wasnt too shabby on Ky either.
Oh maaaaah GAWD! FUCKIN AWESOME!! Go CAVS
Sorry, this is the US app store. I don't think it's available anywhere but the US currently.
Yeah, I did. They may allow transfers IN but out doesn’t seem possible.
Wow. Well that makes them useless.

Really? You can’t move it to a private wallet??
To the Cavs!? They never had any issues with him. We liked him. Just sucks his bad luck with injury continues... I wish him the best.
He had 6 f’ing turnovers.  Over one third of the whole team’s...
That’s why the Cavs dumped him, his shooting does look better.

Edit: I guess 6 turnovers is cool. -.- 
In many countries, I’ve seen it in places throughout Asia. Korea, China, Japan, probably more too.