So a 100mg kamagra? Did you drink at all or was it just speed?
Fair enough. I guess I could try sticking to alcohol only and then take viagra. 
Speaking from experience?
Thanks, that would be the last thing I need lol. I mean during my abscess removal they also removed anal fistulas but it's been a year since then and I've been to my proctologist and dermatologist countless times so I very much doubt that they'd miss something as massive (and medically obvious?) as a pilonidal cyst.

Any idea what it could be though?
No visible liquid, it just feels a little wet sometimes. Also I feel no pressure at all on that spot
What makes you say that?
Good on ya mate
Power Pete, Fifa 98, Pokemon Blue & Gold
Lol 60€ for 10g is what I paid last time around
HZD and Shadow of War are really interesting. HZD's story, world and gameplay is supposed to be top notch.

What about Shadow of War? Is it a different from the first part or is it more of the same? (does it get repetitive quickly?)
Everywhere I read that in Skyrim you make your own adventure but I'm having a hard time grasping that concept coming from a TW3 perspective.

What exactly is it that you do in Skyrim?
Yeah it looks really interesting, but I'll wait just a bit until the jury's out. What's the story like so far?
Just ordered TW2. How does it compare to TW3? It's not open world as far as I know, right? 

I love The Witcher Universe, so it's an obvious choice. After that it'll probably either be Skyrim or Horizon Zero Dawn.
Sounds awesome and a lot like TW3. Is the story captivating at all or is it the game itself that's more appealing?
What did you do instead of the main quest? 
I thought Fallout 4 was bland and the story felt generic. 

Would you say that Skyrim's story can live up to TW3's story?
That's what I heard about HZD as well. What is the world like? Does it feel lively?

What I loved about TW3's world was the fantasy feel to it. Almost like a mix between LOTR and GOT. That's why I'm considering Skyrim, but from what I heard the story isn't that great in Skyrim.
Same here, probably down to maintenance
Great point. I feel like I've almost already made a decision to break up and I'm just looking for confirmation that it's the right decision lol
Why
Pretty sick! Personally my favourite set was E-Force and Rebelion
The character I personally disliked a lot was Darryl. I just always felt like he was an asshole lol
That's why you want a jailbroken iPhone. No more huge volume slider all over your screen
What's the point? Your life that boring lol?
Underleveled noobs 🤣
Still there?
Phuture Noize it is 🍻🎉🙌🏻
Is PN supposed to be playing anywhere that night?
TNT 1h
D-Block & S-te-Fan 1h
Wildstylez 1h 
Da Tweekaz 1h 
Noisecontrollers & Atmozfears 1,5h
Frequencerz 1h
Sub Zero Project 1h
Gunz For Hire ,75h
N-Vitral ,5h

Leaves 1,25h for surprise act(s)
G4H & N-Vitral probably won't play the full hour tho.
PN would be great, I really wouldn't like to see Brennan Heart again
9 acts? I guess there's gonna be at least one if not two surprise acts
Ach sorry, ich hatte das gar nicht gesehen. Dachte du willst das verkaufen
Was willst du haben?
Plus is too big in my hand so that's not an option. Why do you think I'd regret a 64GB phone?

So iPhone 7 then?
I clearly said that I do worry about jailbreaking. My DD needs to be jailbroken
Any idea how much it'd cost to transfer it to Europe? Stuff like import tax?
I can get the 7 for 28€ monthly, the X would be 48€ monthly. That is a lot of money for a phone that probably won't enhance my experience that much. I mean that's almost 500€.
I guess 64GB should be enough as I'd use my iPhone 6 for going out to Festivals where I take most photos and videos. Not much else takes up space on my phone.

But I'm still none the wiser concerning the jailbreak forecast for the iPhone 8
I agree that's why I want a phone which will be jailbreakable ASAP.
Yeah I won't spend all that money on the X. It's not worth it to me. 

The real question is: Is the iPhone 8 that much better than the 7? I mean I can get twice the storage at the same price plus the 7 doesn't have a glass back. Then again the 8 should be faster..

Also there already has been a jailbreak for the iPhone 7 and there might be another one (10.2.1?). 
I don't have AppCake installed 
Yeah it doesn't happen in non-JB mode..
Nope
I once hit my phone on the table in anger because the antenna bands or something else is fucked and my phone hangs up calls midcall all the time (needless to say it's terrible when on business calls). The screen is a tiny bit loose now in the bottom left corner
Sound quality still shit unfortunately 
I put the Excel file on a USB stick for work. Just want to be sure. I mean I have no idea if their IT Security would even pick up on something like that
Thanks. Saturday and Sunday take a lot longer to sell out than the weekend I would have thought.
Hopefully AJ can follow in his footsteps
How lucky am I to have 15-20 of these lying around at home 😝
Sorry, new to this subreddit. Still feel like a change, any advice? Hegazi looks like he'll be dropped, Willian is also in danger of being dropped with Hazard back..
PS4
Who did Bran warg into at the end? The NK?

And it will be interesting to see if Aegon and Dany manage to stay and work together despite Aegon's claim to the throne.

And please Jaime, join Tyrion and fight your sister.
Who did Bran warg into at the end? The NK?

And it will be interesting to see if Aegon and Dany manage to stay and work together despite Aegon's claim to the throne.

And please Jaime, join Tyrion and fight your sister.
What are the odds of Bran being the Night King?
Defqon will be 4 days next year so that's amazing but Intents was even better, hands down
I just checked out the lineup and as a hardstyle lover it's not really great but then again we are spoilt in Central Europe, so I guess you guys have to take what you get!
Where did I say anything even close to that? I just questioned a certain type of music
Never understand how people can actually party to Zedd and the likes. It lacks so much energy compared to Hardstyle/Hardcore. I've partied to a number of EDM genres, but nothing comes close to the harder styles
So I just did a drug test at home and it came back positive. It's been 82 hours since my last line and it's another 96 hours until I drive again. I have one more drug test left which I'll use on Sunday before I leave. And the cut off line for the test was at 300ng for benzoylecgonine 🤔

Thing is, I'll be drinking at the weekend. Is that going to have any effect on my recovery?
Since it's an EDM festival I think they'll primarily check for drugs. I just bought 2 urine tests, one for today and one for Sunday but their cut off is at 300ng while the police test's cut off is usually around 30ng 😕
Thanks man, I'll definitely check it out 🙌🏻
Looks like PP69 is back
No jailbreak available, no update
I've had the suspicion that it might be the sim card. I came back from Australia in February and I think that as soon as I put in my new sim card the problems started. I'll try it out later today
Nope, didn't work 
Fair enough. I'll enquire how much a replacement would cost. You have any idea?
I do infact. I'll try it withou the case and let you know
My phone is almost 3 years old now so I don't fancy my chances. Did they say what exactly was broken?
The secret is to undercook the onions
Before definitely looked better
In Leverkusen, Germany
Lol of course it hurts dude 😂 no comparing the pain, but it's bearable. If you wanna have a tattoo you'll have to endure the pain 
Thanks guys. My tattoo artist is a genius and to top it off he's a mate so I only paid €300 for it 🎉
Absolute Legend :)
How do I enable the notifications for the app? I can't seem to find it
Good thing we're talking about Defqon here :) but I'm also going Decibel this year.
I just sent you a PM
Yeah man that would be awesome :)
Yeah mate, everytime I get an eMail it's too late when I click on the link. I was hoping to find someone here that would make a private listing on ticketswap for me and I'd transfer them some extra money as a thank you via paypal :)
Go to a hardstyle rave, the best music to listen to while rolling
But... But the earth is flat :O...
By all means test it, it's definitely the right thing to do. I've done MDMA countless times and as I said there are some reliable sources (dark web comes to mind) where I live. 
Haven't bought a test kit thus far. I'd only be interested in a test kit if it could show me all the components of my MDMA or pills. Otherwise I have no need for it. Living close to Holland we get amazing pills and md from very reliable sources. 
Been to a couple of raves in Australia and some DJs played banging, hard knocking PsyTrance, but I've had difficulty finding it online. If you guys could point me towards some songs that'd be awesome
Thanks, I'll try it. I'd basically do this every other day: pack a fresh bowl day 1, re use the unburnt tobacco day 2, fresh bowl day 3, etc
Thanks, I'll try it.

Also my GPS position is inaccurate by about a mile. Any clue why on earth that might be?
I pack my bowl densely with an oyster fork and then I put some super thick foil on my bowl and poke the holes with my oyster fork. Works like a charm for me
Anchor
Anemone
App Admin
AppList
BatteryLife
CallBar
Cataracs
DockShift
Facebook ++
Faded
Filza
FlipControlCenter
HideLabels10
iCleaner Pro
Infinidock
iWidgets
KarenPrefs
KarenLocalizer
LockHTML4
LockMusic
LockScreenGestureCleanUp
Mint 2
Moveable9
MTerminal
Phantom for Snapchat
Priority Hub 2 BETA
Shy Page Dots
SimpleLSiOS10
StatusVol X
Swipe Home
SwipeSelection
TinyBar
Touchr
WhatsApp ++ 
Youtube ++ 
Zeppelin
It's not that I want to do it, but since it's so difficult to get Tangiers here, it's the only way I could make my shisha last longer
Does that mean the left product has less MDMA per 1g then? 
The one on the left is a bit brownish while the one on right is almost crystal clear.

The brown gear has a very strong typical MDMA smell, while the clear stuff hardly smells of anything.

Is this down to how well it has been processed and how many/little impurities are left over?

Both are fkn amazing, so it doesn't really matter. Just out of interest :)
Great idea but poor execution IMO
Who in their right mind wants a tattoo like that?!

Fuck off back to Woolwich, North London is ours
Disgusting lol
I have not received mine, as I just said. It still shows last seasons best as this season's best
How long do I need to let such a wound heal after the procedure? I could get it looked at on Monday but I have a big music festival I'm going to next Saturday.. Am I safe there? 
I'm on iPhone 6 iOS 10.2 and jailbroken. Any point in me saving my blobs?
Has this track been released yet?
I guess splitting it might be the reason. Well next time I'll do cap first and pill after and see how I go
Yup exactly those, little NL circle. They weigh around 500mg
I've only heard and read good things about them. I'll try to find out more tho
Yeah well next event I'll just drop a cap first and the redose with XTC, that way I'll get my desired effect. I was just curious why it didn't hit me as hard
Let's just say it's pretty close to the source. Living in the dutch area, it's not that difficult
About 2 months and yeah had a bit but not too much.
Let's say that my source is very reliable. Shouldn't be any issue in that regard, but I'll double check
Winner winner chicken dinner
Didn't help, it's still massively inaccurate 
I'd strongly advise you against getting the quote done. The picture in itself would be a lot stronger and leave room for interpretation. Also I believe that quotes have to be amongst the top tattoos that people regret.
Resetting my network settings won't do anything to my jailbreak? Where can I do that lol?
SOLVED
+1 thanks buddy
+1

Thanks mate :) any chance you could edit the original picture and leave it at the original resolution? That would probably look a lot better. Thanks in advance 🙏🏻
I was there last night, Mark With a K was absolutely amazing
On the Q-Dance website mate
Absolutely sick lineup! Think I'll probably stay in Sportpaleis for most of the night.
All good mate, personally I'd love it if you could bring back the love button like in iOS8. Example: http://assets.ilounge.com/images/articles/features_ios84/9.jpg
I don't get it, I can't customise anything. All I can do is enable the tweak. That's not really customising to me lol
Worked!
Thanks, I'll install 1.31 and see if that's gonna help :)
Surely there's got to be a solution to my problem, don't you think? 😕
Are there mods for PS4?
Please make it. I need a LS player that let's me favourite songs.
LS is: 
LockHTML4 with Cataracs

HS is:
Anemone with Mint 2
Easy Time iWidget
Dockshift
Anchor
Zeppelin
Moveable9
HideLabels10
ShyPageDots
Thanks, forgot to write down the name before upgrading from 8.4 to 10.2 :)
Whenever I try activating Veexilium it sends my phone into safe mode. Could it be because of infinidock? Also it showed a yellow warning sign next to the name
Don't like psy that much. Hope psy hype dies quickly.
I'll wait until a full and stable JB is released. Got 10.2 installed and waiting patiently for a week or so
+
+
Thanks for the help guys, the pictures are perfect :)
Some great songs in there, but not the one 😔 If I remember correctly the song had some reverse bass in it 😁
But.. But I thought the earth was flat...
SOLVED
+
Thanks man :) What's your paypal address?
Yes perfect :) does it have all the requirements I listed? 
Yes, is there any chance to make both the logos bigger? :)
Upload uncensored versions to dailymotion or similar hosts
So he used corn on the cob as well. Very creative 👌🏻
So its initial damage is 300 and it decreases from there? It's too high considering you also have the slowing effect IMO
WTF is this shit lol
Dwight Schrute Ninja Turtle?
Hope you're not like Clash On Gan who never opens his chests 😂
Exixir
When Hog decides to ignore the pull of my tombstone/cannon
Not a good deck IMO. No balance and too heavy.
Yup they are way too strict down here! Well I'm still not sure on what to do. I guess the safest but the most uncomfortable way is to put it up the bum, because the odds are it wouldn't fall out if you squat.
Thanks for the replies guys. It's in Melbourne.

I usually just tuck it under the sack but my worry is that if they do have sniffer dogs then they'll definitely find it if it's just somewhere around my balls.

I usually put the caps in a baggy, then the baggy in a sandwich bag and wrap it up and cut it off. 

My mate got done as they took him to one the search tents and had him squat on top of a fucking mirror lol.
If the werewolf is Legend27 then you don't even have to bother trying
Best game I've ever touched
Bose might also be overpriced but you will get a better product from Bose for $160 than you will from Apple lol
Tbh the things are a complete waste of money IMO. You're better off investing in headphones made by companies that specialise in sounds (e.g. Bose, Sennheiser, etc). Just my $0.02
What a shit season this has been for me 😂 keep choosing the wrong fkn captain every week! 
I think I must be blind because I can't find it lol
How do I do that? Is there a guide somewhere?
I'd be lost without my tweaks. An iPhone without a jailbreak is a completely different phone, it's like driving in a Corvette with a 120hp engine lol
I think I'll wait though. Tweaks like iBlacklist, Whatsapp+, Snap+ (when it works lol), CC Settings, etc are just too good to miss out on. 
What to do... I'm on iOS 8.4 with a perfectly jailbroken phone but the real question is, do I upgrade now in the hope of a jailbreak or do I wait and gamble with the signing window....
+
+

I really liked this one: http://imgur.com/JOx9ps7

Can you give me a couple variations of it? I would like to see what it looks like if you added shapes to the logo (circle, triangle). Also I'd like the text to be bigger than the logo :) 
Alright, hitting bed now as it's 2:21AM here. Just post another couple concepts and we'll work our way to the finish line :)
I'd prefer full letters that aren't cut off, but the idea wasn't too bad. Give me one photo with the logo above the text and one with the logo between the text (like the one you just posted).

Do you think adding shapes to the letters would make sense (like a circle)?
The ID is clearly in range of the lightning and is sometimes the only troop being targeted, yet it doesn't get hit by the lightning. Think it might be a glitch as it doesn't happen with other troops (neither air nor ground).
Absolutely brilliant haha. God knows what he was thinking
Cheers mate
Great idea :)
Perfect :) I'll send you a PM
Irritating on so many levels lol
Dirty cunts
I know your pain brother haha. Gotta love the tournament standard
Epic chest is the most cost and time-efficient way to do it. $5 a pop :)
Pretty dope :)
NG+. I enjoyed it even more the second time around. Outstanding game!!
RG is too easy to level up, should be made a rare or even epic card IMO
Please come back and bring Lamela with you from injury.
Give him a chance IMO
truest shit ever lol
haha sameeee
lol what a legend
I'm level 10 around 3300 and I face level 9s with level 12 Royal Giants. Pretty messed up lol
this one
Member when Royal Giant was shit? Yesss, I memberrrrr

Decent idea :) 
Lucky you! Fourth release tickets were $400, couldn't be bothered paying that much lol
I only do MDMA when I'm out clubbing and personally, I just love being tipsy and then dropping. Think it works pretty well and might be a reason why I never have problems falling asleep
I don't get the feeling useless part. I'm just back to normal 2 days after my roll. 

As long as I have all the important things sorted out (like uni, work, etc.) I don't see a problem with having a heavy MDMA period, as long as I know that I'll stop using in a month or two.
Nah, it's better to roll at a party IMO
It's only for my personal use, so I'll be making 100mg caps either way. 

I'm asking because I can remember buying a cap at a club which I took home, but when I got home the MDMA looked like it melted on the inside of the cap. If possible, I'd like to avoid that lol
Alright, I've just removed LocalIAPStore and AppCake. Waiting for further instructions.
Update: BetterLSMedia kinda does the job but it also removes the controls from the lockscreen which isn't what I wanted.