Walter, "Incoming GDO code, its team dick butt."

Hammond, "CLOSE THE DAMN IRIS!" 


Boobs, boobs never change. 
Google maps....for Batmobile.
Heard she's the reason marathon runners have to run an extra 1.2 miles.
You have unlocked the most powerful move in the game: POCKET SAND!!!
Somewhere in America a doctor is wondering why there is a tomato instead of a heart during the transplant surgery. 
Your wife is cute, is she single? 
The green guy is his secret assistant and the both keep a pack up their asses for this trick to work. 
That racoon is me at an average night at a club or bar. 
One always lies, one always tells the truth, and one stabs people who asks tricky questions. 
Nothing like eating a mcnugget while you have the sauces laid out on her back via doggy style. 
You activated my Trap card! Cardbang Bukkake!! 
Wouldn't mind opening that ark of the covenant.
One would take you to heaven at the same time the other to hell. 
ARBIAN NIGGGGHHHTTTTSSSSS!
That's a lotta McDaniels
Mission impossible theme starts playing.
But how's your utuerus? (For the uninformed look at OPs username)
It sounds good till some fuck ass with a flaming sword decides to burn you alive.
Kitty, "how the fuck did I get here?!?"
Shave that balding hair.
And you number closed I take it? ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ 
And I flush, flush so far away.
Must be a cold day.
I walked up to a girl and shouted 'nice  cans doll' and ran away only for her to chase and tackle me like a line backer. Obviously this is a joke but I'm curious as to what real world complement you guys gave?
Wait you went to tech boot camp to be a full stack website developer and can't find jobs?? I though those job opportunities were flowing out the wazoo. Have you tried doing a lot of free work eg making websites for charity organizations so you could showcase your work?
Envy is wanting what someone else has. Which is what I feel whenever I see my brother's big tiddy wife.
The new sex tech is vibrator that doubles as a phone.
8 inches? Pssh he wishes.
It's not the most experienced engineers who get promoted, it's who upper management likes the most.
So cold yet so hot.
It's amazing how one book can dictate majority of the planets events for a century and then some. What would the world be like if there was no cold war, Vietnam never happened, no Putin, fewer extreme muslim groups, so on and so on.
Ah yeah gurl, show me dat marble.
Her name is Jason Waterfalls. 
My 180 degree neck appreciates this. 
Opps wrong hole. 
You're Goddamn Right.
Humanity is truly this world's greatest virus. 
7/7 would stick it in crazy. 
 Well Excuuuuuuuuse Me, Princess
Helps to have some godly genes too.
And tanks for the big ones?
CSI theme songs chrips in the background: whoooooo are you? Who who who whooo
What's your workout routine?
Something tells me she likes sex.
These boots are made for walking 
/r/palegirls would love this.
“Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.” 


I thought this quote was for people seeking freedom from monarch opression like the colonists were getting oppressed up the ass by King George.


The boiling crab now occupies that space....so delicious!
The mighest Titans I mean Titan.
He could cure AIDS tomorrow but many will still never forgive him for Monopoly schemes 
Yeah those 90s game were designed to be insanely hard on purpose just so you can't beat it with blockbuster copy.
90% of tracers are trash especially in competitive.
Logistics, logistics never changes.
Bob ,"It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again."
Give me one example of someone fucking his way to the top.


Hell for the suspension but loads of fun!
Somebody chime I here but if privacy is a concern why not just fork Lineage OS and make it customized for their cars? I know most companies hate having to release their code but toyota is a car company so they could give a fuck.
Will you throw your roll to the riders to celebrate? 
Well my flagpole is At attention. 
Fun fact she used to be a hungry Betty White before chewing on a snickers bar. 
7/7 would cause the extinction of humanity.
Take us through your self learning programming cat mommy. 
Oh you think I'm tough?!? I'm just the tutorial level??
Court of public opinion != Wall Street opinion 
My dental floss has more floss than that. 
That's harnessing speed run tactics.
Yeah this city is cool but cost of living is insane, I'm looking for jobs like Vegas where cost of living is much lower. 
$25 for broke LA tickets, are they trying to be ironic?!? 


I think those are real USP's. 
My spidey sense is tingling, oh wait that doesn't work with symbioites.
Maybe shoving the internet into things like toasters or refrigerator isn't such a great thing.
This is obviously a message to other journalists, if this was China the same journalist would've vanished into thin air never to be seen again.
I guess you could say these were shitty knock off makeup.
She make my underwood an overwood. 
It's supposed to be Itsy Bitsy Polka Dot Bikini not non-existent polka dot bikini. 
Dayum she looks pretty and that's **without makeup**. 
These guys are about to knock over a casino. 
Cat, "Oh fuck this, I'm out!" 
He's just chinchillin. 
What about overboob, overbutt, and overwatch? 
I was talking about this

http://knowyourmeme.com/forums/meme-research/topics/11186-mary-jane-pose
Is she paying homage to that infamous Mary Jane impossible coffee stance (that wierd controted one that can't be done by humans?)
Needs more white /s.
Critical as is dead or dying.
Cycling with the one of the worst drivers on the planet? Vaya con Dios.
I know everybody has huge hate boner for the LAPD and had their pitch forks out but I saw calm logical analysis outside this sub that said if the cop has a prisoner in transport they have to avoid all non critical events and just phone it in.
You know 'shoot me in the right direction' is a figure of speech?
Let me get my skipper's hat. 
Are you good at ramen eating contests? 
AHHHHH SIDESHOW BOB!!!! 
I'm from /r/all, why does Julia prefer Burns? 
Anybody expect him land his balls on the diving board then hit pay water in a comical fashion? 
Hip thrusting while showing the bird activates tinder.
Assley Assdale
Everybody hates a sombra...till they start getting owned by doom/tracer 
I'd bake her some cake.
Not gonna lie I had google convert that to 265 lbs. 
What did Emma do? 
Next step: 6 pack abs. 
That bikini is holding on for dear life. 
I need your clothes, your boots, and to sign this new 100 page terms of service. 
That tongue stick is what really sells the character. 
Disney's got Chinese box office erection over this project.
Huh, because I'm happy

Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof
Was the boat rower supposed to be on the left side instead of the right due to you using the mirror or did you already factor that in? 
Hall H isn't fucking worth that hell. 
I was expecting a gun to shoot the guy in the shoulder at the end. 
I see he's got the thing for Scottish lasses. 
Edit: Dumb fucks. 

Thanks Niggative_comments
Why have you woken me? 
He's the cat that Gotham needs. 
Last night a D.J. saved my life 
Where's the German fish and multi personality alien?
If you pump it enough times, white sweat shoots out. 
Dayum anybody got a 1080 source? 
That going into and out of pool tansition was cool.
Lucky guess :p


Are you a fan of system shock by chance? 
Looks like he got out of the matrix just in time. 
Lets equip them with the latest biotic weaponry and have them fight terrorists and conspiracies. 
That's so Raven 
Kitty thumbs up approves. 
Ackbar, "it's a trap!"
Looks like ass /s
She looks soothing. 
Pussies love money. 
Dat lipstick color ;)
Whoa what mods are those? 
Makes you wonder if luck played a huge factor as well as hard work. Bill Gates wouldn't have made his billions if he wasn't able to buy that tie last minute before the big IBM meeting.
Nice gay save by the straight dudes.
Something something Dividends are taxed something something but let's not facts interupt the narrative here.
Why not a penis?
Little bunny fufu 
It mainly going around and see ladies' tits? 
Why can't I have a big tiddy goth gf and get that black lipstick all over my dick? 
You got a funny way of describing rough gravly and deep.
That doesn't look like Judge Dredd
This is a castle and we have many tapestries, and if you are a Scottish lord then I am Mickey Mouse!
Touch da cakey
Granted sailor! 
I would risk claws to bury my face into that tummy. 
Purrs or claws. You decide. 
2 kinds of comments in this sub: 

1. OMG so sexy

2. You call this cosplay!?! 
Sooooo check yo self before you wreck yo self?
Which one allows me to maximize reddit on the company dime?
You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villian.
Nothing says I won't get a 2nd term like a president pissing off Wall Street.
More like 2Beautiful amirite? 
Boob experts, gift from God or gift from a surgeon? 
What's the sitch?
I'm ready for her to throw random objects towards my face at high velocity and vast distances.
I thought the police cruiser was gonna eat it for sure. 
Where's your can of spray paint and sock? 
Opps I blew you again. 
Do you plan on transitioning out of professional escorting to something else? 
But I thought all of California was super cool to the homeless like Eric Cartman said. 
Needs more armadillo. 
Character has infinite stock, Nintendo plz nerf. 
My Skyrim is a giant strip club, I don't know where it went wrong.
Will there be at least 4 years of update support for this version?
Attempt to do the friendship finisher, I failed.
Fo4 Nora, "and im a popsicle"
Pretty soon he'll be jumping off high shelves into freshly laundry pile.
Anybody notice that cat had no tail? 
Why not hodl and buy some put positions? 
TIL THERE IS SUCH A THING AS FEMALE MASTURBATION GEL!! 
Of course not but not living in a car may have given her a couple years. 
It amazing to even swim with brass balls weighing you down. 
His name is Shamus. 
A livable wage perhaps would've prevented this. 
Cool now plz switch to mercy we got no heals 
It'll go to whoever gives the best low tax blowjob (0%) to Amazon.
When you forget to install texture assets for your bikini armor. 
This field seems outside the "norm" of big tech companies who focus on just focusing tangible products such as automated cars or AI learning for marketing. Microsoft seems to be playing the long investment game here with this research. 
Dayum those ICBMs can take out a bunker! 
Wonder if she feels a breeze? 
What it called with a chick has big aureolas? I love them! 
Opps I blew you again. 
Everything causes cancer even the very air you breathe can cause it.
Let's rephrase that question to available movie pass holders.
More like Ludicrous speed.
Well my underwood likes her. 
Hello my baby, hello my honey

Hello my ragtime, summertime gal
Welp time to buy more Netflix stock.
(puts on tin foil hat and calls devil's advocate) what prove do we have that apple doesn't sell user metadata other than their word? Without source code verification or independent third party auditors checking in on their data centers, all we got is their word. 
It'll be nice for other cell phone manufacturers to stop sucking on apple's Kool aid dick and do their own thing. Samsung is one of the few bucking the trend by still keeping the 3.5 mm headphone jack.
Love PAWG jiggle 
Looks like summer to me.
Name of Miss 6 and Miss 9? 
Soooo how much drugged fueled anonymous sex goes on there? 
With all kinds of spyware and backdoors within the firmware. People just build your own for even cheaper then their "half the price". 
How it feels to be the only hot girl in a club. 
Cool thanks! 
All is forgiven if you switch to Mercy. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXPQLXjC_KA

Why don't you make like a tree and get out of here. /s


As somebody starting to learn Java for Android should I switch to Kotlin?
Mark Zuckerberg was laughing in the audience. FTFY
Not just conservative platforms but other areas as well that Google deems not in line with it's personal politics such as gun channels. There's got to be a "grey book" regulations on public speaking platforms like YouTube or Facebook controlled by private corporate entities. Or you get shit like the Russian Facebook presidental fiasco.
So I just started to learn Java for Android development, should I just switch to Kotlin?
Umm your friend might be bringing a knife to a gun fight.
Even with a Mercy the whole team still bitches at her for not healing them fast enough to survive despite the fact she's their only healer.
It's the cocky Mario ass slap that sealed his fate.
When you fuck up mod installation and now all daedric armor has boobs even when your dragonborn is a dude.
What you got against green orc boobies OP?
Of course to complain about her trigger discipline.
Man they wouldn't give her the 0.5 inches?!? 
I bet you would look good in a one piece(cricket noises)well that's my cue to exit. 
It ain't elven if it ain't jigglin! 
Great cosplay, now please switch to mercy we have no heals.
Awesome cosplay now switch to mercy we got no healers 
Do you play heal in OW? 
I know that movie sounds lame.
SB 374 and AB 38. Too generalized worded  definition of those acts wouldn't that cause firearms that aren't  used for Mass shootings (ie hunting rifles, semi automatic 22lr, etc) to be banned as wll. If those pass it sounds like the only guns that could be used is ole wild west guns. I'm playing devil's advocate here.
Umm your hairs on fire. 
Don't lie, we all zoomed in on the nipple. 
That's nothing, OP could easily change his name back the following day. Now if he offered to tattoo $MU to his dick that's something. 
That idea needs to be spread out throughout various areas rather than hyper concentrated into certain neighborhoods otherwise you get the projects and another ghetto city. 
More like Samass Aran amirite gents? 
Best girl, best choice, best lover (comon she's been jumping on geralts dick for all 3 games!)
Wonder if Jinx has blue carpets in canon? 
Nice now switch to Mercy we have no healers. 
Lemme get my three dimensional maneuver gear. 
At first i was like dayum 34k resolution?? 
Wait does Fortenight allow crossplay? 
Isn't there a fetish where chicks wrap their hair around a guy's junk? 
She's the one! (She's agent Smith's niece btw)
She be thirsty for ice dick and somehow he will fuck it up
These facebook delete sheep are converting to Instagram and cuckleberg is laughing himself to the bank.
There was disappointment since Neve Campbell didn't go topless 
You look wonderful, get it?
That shield crack. Widow, "ouh la la"
Don't care if the person is a medal of Honor marine, you hurt my dog  you threw all notion of culture and civilization out the window. Buddy you are going down.
Best choice in Witcher 3
Dibs on Kate
This isn't initial D people, rain don't fuck around 
I take you're saving your face for the big goal finish?
When you're in tilt and in 8 game losing streek, it's hard not to feel toxic. Whenever that feelings come up, I close overwatch and blow some steam on fortenight or pubg. Hard to get angry at a game where 99% of the time you lose.
Johnny pushing 50 man is it really him going to physical hell or a stunt double? 
Margot Robbie better be wearing at hat. 
So where did you get the aimbot? 
With Mike Tyson knocking out bearded fat dudes every now and then? 
Was he rubbing his nipples as he was talking? 
Nothing personal ki----
For CS GO it should shoot dice instead of bullets 
Dafaq, just blazingly read in class!?
Fat cat and all that missing is a top hat.
That hearthstone player gonna fail JavaScript so hard
Hey, guys! Whoa, Big Gulps, huh? Alright... Welp, see ya later!
Claimed to be a native American whaler, now being audited.
Shaka, when the walls fell.
She look amazing for a 50 year old. 
Alan,Alan, Alan, Al, Alan..oh that's not Alan. Steve that's Steve, Steve, Steve. 
Helping dieters lose weight and saving the world. 
Jesus that's an Asian at 31?!?
10/10 would merge with AI
Sell me this sword
Does not work if found with cocaine in your trunk.

Source: In jail right now. 
Or the cat is about to drop his next hip hop album 
OH WHAT A LOVELY DAY!!!! 
>Yes

>Sarcastic yes

>Fuck you bitch, yes!

>No, I mean yes!
Dodd-Frank was a full body cast for a gunshot victim. Sure it helped where the bullet wound is but it also hindered areas where there was no damage 
Are people still giving her crap about being on a Vietcong tour?
The real test comes when the mask comes off
Great cosplay now switch to mercy you're dragging this team down 
Did she pass the bark exam? 
Just have Major Nelson walk up to the E3 Xbox presentation, without a word gesture to the screen showing master chief collection for PC. Drops mic and exits stage, congrats Microsoft you won E3
Nintendo and gamefreak could've have more money than apple if they have let PVP and trading on Pokemon go but they let that ship sail past and now the game population has trickled down to few hardcore players.
I thought it was about Kim Kardashian
10k pigeon textures, everything else at 480p just to run the damn said pigeon textures
Looking at little obtuse there OP 
Typhoon Explosive System doesn't run on goodwill towards others ya know. 
What's new pussycat whoa oh 
I'm guessing you cut out the cupcakes?
I know this sub is super anti gun but fuck it, older Koreans I know  were real glad to have "assault" style guns to defend their store livelyhoods. 
If I see a holo Charizard, harassment suit be damned I'm ripping it off. 
Windows 98? Now there's a name a haven't heard in a long time 
Fucking best way to get all 3 starter pokemon that's for sure 
Bing has the best porn search engine out there, just saying.
Winter is coming 
Please sir, I want some more
3D hot cheetos was my crack. 
Played by a guy named Johnny B Goode using the Power of love. 
Remember when I said I would drop you last? I LIED!!! 
While this chaps my ass, at the end of the day 99.9% of us are so reliant on Google's services so we take Google's bullshit willingly on a silver platter. 
Looks like a car ran over it 
Tell me, did anybody happen kill a red spy on their way here? 
Dog, "are you here to claim my soul?" 
Those triangular boob fats has been burned into my retinas 
In my ideal world that kid would die of cancer and the dragon balls will bring him back healthier then ever. 
You have almost a cartoonish shocked face 
Break your Reinhardt's back!
Jeff, "Cheers love, the nerf here!"
2% annual management fee?!? It's the worst of both worlds, a high annual fee associated with mutual funds and the passive non management of an index fund. Also can't really be an index if they discriminate the 3rd biggest (ripple) 
I guess he got angry at light speed kamikaze segment too. That one move is still debated till this day.
Nobody will be surprised if Google goes full notch 
I can already guess something without a headphone jack.
Hey Cortana what's the weather like today?

Cortana, "this is the way the world ends"
Oh hell yeah thats my nigg....dawg!!!
Who does number 2 work for?!?
And he didn't even get a speech I hear 
Fucking life saver is what that was during the library mission 
Foreman honks the breaks over horn and he just chucks the lit bud into the gas cannisters 
Anybody half expected the pilot in his moment of glee not notice his own plane coming back to hit him in the family jewels?
Welp time to re install vice city. 
Does he look like a bitch? 


My hands got sweaty at the collar detach part 
Lonny want nonny of that hug 
How did you become a fashion model?!? 
What's your goal weight?
Cant wait to take pics of giving the bird while wearing this.
Nice, I've been doing the wendler 5-3-1 and noticed some serious muscle progression 
Your weight lifting regiment?
I would go to the floor with her 
0-88 in about 2 hours. 
My bad 
Came for the blue poop chute explaination
Best hair, best boobs, best choice.  Yen mofos btfo
Betcha you can't stick it.
Next step hit the iron and get that 6 pack. 
Hanzo, "Why do we have such useless healers!?!" 
She looks so beautiful also cool wife in the background there OP. 
And you gained high definition in the process 
Can any of you say the same when the makeup comes off?
There needs to be a Chinese V for vendetta Guy Fawkes to go ape shit on Beijing's asses 
You think the Disney empire got this way by "competing" with other businesses?? 
A-well-a ev'rybody's heard about the bird

B-b-b-bird, b-birdd's a word
Apart from ESPN bullet wound factors aside, the day will come where "cape fatigue" hits audiences and lightsabers won't bring the masses of movie goers that it used to.
I didn't have my premission slip for this feels trip.
Knowing my ass, I'd have a lead hand and go full throttle over a hill and fly off the track. 
Everybody agree euro/asian mixed make the best chicks? 
Don't worry boys we got Amazon cashier less grocery stores as follow up prize...(cries in corner) 
That's a triumph butt wiggle 
I don't care about team comp, one of them must always be McCree 
They say in the blast crater were a pair of titanium cojones. 
I'LL SWALLOW YOUR SOUL!!! 
When the make up comes off. 
The 3.5 mm prodigal son has come back, all other Android that ditched it can go to hell 
He's a phantom! 
Call to John now!! 
The raven on my head thirsts for his blood. 
It gives putting a sqaure peg into a round hole a whole new meaning 
All that shit and you reward him one seed? 
I'll take one of each please 
People will watch in shock and awe as you pull an assortment of weaponary and gadgets out of thin air from dual rocket launchers to electronic jamming devices
Hilary Buff
I would attack those Titans 
Your response will make this thread cataclysmic
I would please pelas
For pin point split second accuracy games?!?
The house of mouse doesn't give second chances 
Billie Jean is not my lover!!!!
Anybody miss the ole Fallout 3/ obilivion story scheme of just good guy vs bad guy? This shades of grey factions is starting to get old.
If those anime chicks were truly going to Pochinki they wouldn't be some damn confident 
After going through all that shit if I were Leon I'd wouldve done over time with Ashley 
Doom guy after taking 5 berserk packs in a row 
Oh no black slipper of doom! Ah fuck me I'm gonna land white disc of death!
This kitty is gonna steal yo girl 
I'm gonna be a mighty king

So enemies beware
Bun, "World domination under the bun regime, got it" 
Translation: All of you should be shorting snapchat stock. 
More like striping am i right? 
What happens when the scuba steve enters its upper mouth? 
You either find x or you'll find his giant sword impaling you. 
It's a bot I guarantee it
I take it lot of people are gonna fly out of Long Beach until this gets completed. 
Ain't no street thug robbing this granny. 
I'm guessing her bullies are chicks who wear expensive make up everyday to a high school, lets see them all au naturel like this girl. 
Welp time to use ublock origin on full blast for YouTube 
Suddenly the number of ex boyfriend's being "hacked" and having their videos stolen has spiked 
Hard to tell without the coloring but which Gundam Unit are you doing? 
It forms a pentagram 
That's a pair of steel cojones and desire for justice right there. 
Oh fuck I lost it at sliding through a waterfall
Hope he doesn't stick the barrel into the hole or else the mouse will redirect the barrel to the other side and he ends up shooting his own but 
Is it possible to learn this power?
Rare opportunity to do the face to belly rub without claw repercussions 
Looks fun at first but the physical effort of extended play must be exhausting...I'll stick to heavy weights. 
Pray to the ski ramp god for salvation
She showing a bit of her dark side here. 
Humanity is this planet's ultimate virus
I'm gonna love you, you lil shit!!! 
If I take off the mask, will you die?
Yeah my eyes are sweating from all the exercise 
At least it's not coming out the other end 
You should hide among a giant crowd while we attempt to find you. 
They both have short legs, waddle brothers. 
Cat.
Coming home from a crappy day at work but this pic made my day go 180 degrees. 
The true test happens when the mask comes off 
We're back to mad max again 
Doesn't freaken help that our state neighbors buy one way tickets for their homeless and drive em to our direction. 
Will there be actual sake? 
As long as his camoes makes Disney money, you best believe their gonna keep him alive 
You're a shining star 
You went from a 40 year old to a 30, couple more pounds and you'll be he in high school again! 
Wonder how many times teenage Pete fantasied about doing his own aunt. 
Depends on what kind of "bullet" you're shooting 
Welcome to the gainz brotherhood sister 
Did you mention anything about bustin or feel good? 
Dat diagonal box jump boost. So many memories
I know OP is referring to pick up artist books but what about Models dating through honesty by mark manson?
Can't wait for her 3rd evolution
Everything is awesome, everything is cool when you're blowing the whole team.
Heard the black ones are on discount
There is a hell on Earth and it's called keto.
You forgot young aunt you secretly had a crush on as a kid and now that you're a man the tempting is too great.
Must've originally been from Vault 69
I'll pikachu you down B to hell even if it means losing any chances of scoring with you. 
Everybody knows gamers are the best at fingering 
Pussy magnet 
A smoke and a pancake? 

Flapjack and a cigarette? No?

Cigar and a waffle? No?

Pipe and a crepe? No?

Bong and a blintz?
Do Triss Merigold next 
Fighting Sonic 2 final boss was a bitch considered one of the hardest Sonic boss fights. No rings, no shield, attack point right above those huge arm spikes 
Oh, jeepers creepers, where'd ya get those peepers?
Somebody needed his wisdom tooth pulled badly
When this thread talk about MS hate they're specific talking about Bill Gates cause he did some real scummy shit when he was in charge. He could cure AIDS today and the community will still see him as the devil.
Lose the battle win the war
I would definitely not nerf that 
I'll see you fuckers on $ 48,151,623.42 
To be fair all the ladies wants John Wick's D
Crap i barely esacped silver hell into gold 
I would think we have much stronger intellectual copyright protection vs Europe who are more demanding of openness even open sourcing the program code.
Oh sweet Jesus you're making him render PUBG in lowest setting, are you trying to make him a vegetable?
He's got 5 kids to feed man 
Well exxxccuusseee me princess 
Wh... Why do you keep calling me Calvin?
Holy sheet you must've had a asian ancestor 
Folgers? 
Wrong hole montage incoming. 
Wrong hole montage incoming. 
Yet when I spray this damn thing in CSGO it hits nothing but air. 
To the appeals realm with you! 
Calm down there Lecter. 
U r da queen, will you show us da way? 
Is there pictures of when she's Olivia mild?
When you wanna bone but memes are life 
That some Cavalry she's got there 
Current struggling in OW silver on comp. You wouldn't happen to play competitive on there? 
How do you make holy water?

You boil the hell out of it. 
That's how I roll
Me sniping mercy at overwatch. Just joking. I'm into snowboarding, foodie eating and movie pass watching.
PM'd ;)
Added, mr.meeseeks1147
Added, mr.meeseeks1147
I'm asian bro so I like to think I'm a 7
I'm gonna be a mighty king

So enemies beware!
How about friends with benefits? j/k (unless you're down for that) 
Added, mr.meeseeks1137
Added, mr.meeseeks1137
Added, mr.meeseeks1137
Added, I'm mr.meeseeks1137
Hell yeah Downey my old hometown! Love anime but I sux at fighting games (if you could teach me)
Wait wasn't this the mod where ~~Adriana Lima~~ Alyx had a fully modeled vagina??
No I'm not Dr Rosenberg, you'll still save me won't you? (Gets shotgun blasted to the face)
With Max Powrers you strap in and feel the Gs!!!!
Google has to be the biggest defination of limosine liberal I ever seen. Promote liberal values, avoid any and all taxes.
Do you overwatch?
Daywalker
He has long term goals vs 99% of market microterm expectations. He sticks to his investing philosophy beyond market noise. Though there is the halo celebrity affect he has on market prices just by entering or exiting a position 
When erections last longer than 4 hours you're supposed to call more ladies not go on poo fling spree
Threesome with all white porn actors, that's like 35% of all porn movies out there 
Doctor I need resuscitatation down there 
Pretty but they got no ( Y )
To the tinder with you!
Time to play Bioshock 
Shower lines ribbed for her pleasure. Would love to see the cherry. 
WHY SO SERIOUS!?! 
Lets just hope he realizes who she is before he gets excited 
San Andreas motherfuckers!!!
Came in expecting pelfie complements, came out shopping for a damn apple watch. 
We can hang depending on which OW heroes you play. 
That tower is looking kinda small, mustve just left the pool 
I can be the DD and the D
Unions are vastly underestimate automation technology as it's come so far were talking near sci-fi levels here 
Union demands like these usually result in outsourcing and higher investment into automation 
Who would win? Ivy league educated professional investors vs monkeys throwing darts at NYSE company list?
She's making me harden 
Well it's supposed to rain this Monday, are you guys going this or next weekend?
But no snow :(
So Netflix lost Lost? 
Be sure in the sex scene 99% of the camera shot is on the dude's ass 


I'm guessing Mammoth Mtn? 
>Doesn't like to drink

>Is a homebody 

>Loves to cook?

Sign me up! 
After admiring your fiery bush I noticed that kick ass all white Xbox 1 S
Do ribs grow back?
7/7 would give vaspene gas
Are we talking exploring the town adventure or you having me chained down and whipping me adventure?
She be like, "put on the welding mask, no questions" 
Genji got triggered at her double jump 
It's nice to meet a fellow 49er. I believe the right place to start is all the good eats this region has to offer 
How do we know you're camouflaging your Vagina dentata?
More like Magikarp in the streets and a Garydos in the sheets 
She couldn't bear to be away for so long 
Give girl a break, she hasn't had the D in 10 years 
She's still reject my friendship finishing move 
I should bottle my piss and pass it off as piss from East european virgins guarnteed to make you feel young 
What are your top 4 OW comp heroes?
Ktown local here to shout out!
For those of you licking their stock buying lips at AMD stock remember a lot of guys espically at that "other" sub been bag holding this stock and now that their in the black with AMD they may choose to dump it 
If you can titty fuck em, then you have em is what I say. 
I see she has a lot of "talent" 
Of all the groups, the railroad has to be the useless for the commonwealth. You see the minutemen and BOS (albiet this group is more military fascist) fighting and dying taking the war to the commonwealth's baddies but the RR does nothing but hide in their hole and assist AI's who can't even pass the Voight-Kampff test. Now the Institute (if you like neutral evil) could be considered in a warped sense beneficial (their plan to replace key leaders in the commonwealth to achieve a united mankind). 

Then again the game's story is ripping off blade runner in many aspects
Better locational damage. 

Damage to body and limbs reduced, headshot any unprotected head provided its a high enough caliber is a one hit kill (for you and your enemies), reduced health pool for you and your enemies so even with Synth armor you see your health being chipped quickly ala Dark Souls. And many more features you can turn off or on.

https://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/3815/



>accurate 

>Cosplayer is actually thicc

Damn good job but now switch to mercy you're dragging this team down 
So the cost of losing is eating pussy? Sign me up!
Still better portion then some 5 star restaurant
And piss off the mighty Disney and other big wig studios?? Prepare to see 90% withdrawal of content from apple platform because they can easily give the finger to apple and release their own app on Android and iOS to deliver content themselves 
That boob armor is barely holding on 
Surprised Morty didn't purge that boyfriend having leading on bitch 
Look the silver lining here is that as long as the big Goliaths are fighting each other that means no one company can ass fuck the consumer ala 90's Microsoft. Competition is a good thing  
Fuck yeah they retro fitted the entire house of the dead 2 into a typing game. The main characters were rocking wearable keyboards and dreamcast as their backpack 
The dildos to surpass metal gear 
And I just can't wait to be king!!! 
She can be my overseer any day of the week 
Her diabetus cat
When Lincoln, JFK, or FDR starts talking you best believe everybody shuts the fuck up. 
Never skip ass day 
Those are some comfy looking socks 
Never skip leg day especially ladies 
They also did an inverse experiment where they theorized that bigger boobed women get better tips from BOTH men and women.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YJ91FKZHI0

She's half Asian to give you an idea 
what you talkin bout willis? 
Oh, riiiight. The poison. The poison for Kuzco. The poison chosen especially to kill Kuzco. Kuzco's poison
Soon you'll pass along your trusty Adamantium shield to her. 
You see the wet footprints of a tired man who came out of a 10 hour shift seeking comfort on a subway train seat only to see a homeless cat sleeping there for shelter and decided to not bother him. 
Hell no it's a time in your life for self discovery. Solo travel is not only cheaper, me much faster, ahem enjoy international relations that you couldn't do if you were with someone 
Those of you wondering how she has a Latin last name, her father was cuban that decendents from the Spanish colonists 
I can barely get to the bottom without landing on my ass a minmun of 8 times let alone do a 360 on a snowboard 
Dear mother of God 
What cluster fuck of a country 
So typical Monday for Vegas?
It's Saturday night. I've got no date, a 2-liter bottle of Shasta, and my all Rush mix tape. Let's rock!
Wait hold the horses I thought both sides of the political spectrum was in agreement about instant deportation of criminals (ie rapes, theft, etc not the criminal act of illegally crossing)? (Engage downvote shields)
uBlock with advanced setting on is your savior my friend 
I should switch careers to programming then maybe I can afford 1600 a month studio which seems to be average price for a non ghetto area 
Ok which I'd these events has the greatest chance of ~~getting me laid~~ having most fun
With all this hubbub about apple intentional slow down do you guys really think apple gives a damn what the outcries are? They know they got the apple cult fan base and make the next iPhone poo poo shaped and fans will scoop it up like hotcakes 
Old joke from team fortress 2
I heard PS customer service various from cool to atrocious
What's it called when you want to wrap your lips around the labia? 
Me greeting my boss vs me seeing a hot chick walking towards me 
Moe, "You ain't going nowhere cutie" 
Now that's a plumber ass crack I don't mind seeing 
Fully decked out Kar98 and level 3 helmet nothing can stop me now!

Developer, "hold my beer" 
Dem kissable puffies 
Wait how the hell does a non-jew get in that deep (pun intended) into jewish society. Don't they do genetic testing or something to prevent some nord passing himself off as a Jew to get a free Israeli vacation? 
Boba Fett, "You know what kids, its been real daddy-0 but I'm not giving you the pleasure" 
How much does it cost to eat there? A tire and axle? 
Dat tracer man chin
Kudos to the programmers for thinking about the scenrio 
The food coma face after Christmas dinner 
Something about pale chicks do it for me 
When yo gurl keeps suckin after you nutted 
50,000 people used to live here 
Santa finally delivered this year 
10/10 would lock her butler in the freezer 
Elon Musk didn't violate Disney airspace cause at that elevation its just space without air 
What's your method or secret to weight loss? Caveman diet, super cardio, praying to cthulhu
Headphone jack, expandable storage .....please stop I don't want to jizz in my pants at work 
Cat ,"these mcnuggets look funny"
Well time to defect to the alliance 
Get In The Fucking Robot Shinji
So who picked widow/Hanzo/doomfist?
They misspelled satan's adventure
Mercy, "help me the whole team is gonna roll me"

(Genji fucks out of there leaving mercy to her fate and later bitches about the lack of healing)
Needs more jagged pixels 
You got a flame hand why don't you defrost it and find out?
I dual boot boot, win10 for gaming and linux for porn and other sensitive work 
There's gotta be like a canon printer generation where printers all the way up to 2009 is rock solid dependable and everything after that is the hell spawn of satan. 
Yes and they lived happily ever after anybody who says otherwise is a dirty liar 
Man the downsizing movie marketing team getting creative 
Why do we keep getting excited for Chinese phones again? Even this subreddit praises the one plus even though is a solely Chinese owned company. I mean US companies spy on us to sell us their shitty products. The Chinese govt spies on it's citizens to snatch them in the middle of the night for voicing dissenting opinions to the Chinese govt
Let's make some purple rain 
Too little and too late. Google should've taken the bull by the horns on this one rather than dragging it's feet. Lots of ads are not only obtrusive but also a vector for many malware infections. I use unlock origin not to fuck content creators but rather to act as a condom from the malicous forces that be.
Being short is a good thing 
Is it cause your pixelated or is it because you're bla.....
Somebody gonna go v for vendetta on Chinese govt one of these days 
Is his last name fornia?
Otter, "I Otta kill you" 
You guys made it to /r/all folks! 
Grades never bothered me anyway 
It's no surprise here, Cali people invented the 'california roll'. For the uninformed it's when you just coast across the stop intersection rather than stopping and going like you should have 
So we're back to cable channels again via online streaming services. That means for the average consumer yo ho yo ho a pirates life for mmmeeeee
Dem lil snow booties
Its a quote from the movie Wolf of Wallstreet
At least there's no false advertisement with this one 
I would love to see her catalog 
That gut dropping feeling when you forgot to close your midget porn window before flipping over the screen and now the whole subway knows your fetish 
Sherlock Holmes, "The game is afoot"
I'd let her give me AIDS
Or OP has huge Gaijin hands
Do those jeans fill the trunk? 
I tired that with Cortana and the girl was like dafaq is a Cortana?
Her friend looks military and I wouldn't risk an ass whopping if I were her 
Us as in r4r ;)
Well let us know if you're gonna do another delicious Mcnugget feast
If there is a bright center of the universe where ideas from all beliefs and backgrounds can be debated in a polite and logical manner, then Reddit is the furthest point from. Anything that goes against any particular subreddit circlejerk or "Messiah figures" (ie Elon Musk) is downvoted to oblivon. 

Stick to posting on /r/aww it's awesome there 
My man! I mean you go girl! You wouldn't happen to be the lucky few to taste the rick and Morty Shenzhen sauce?
What flavor dipping sauce did you use OP?
Are these McDonald's chicken mcnuggets we're talking about here?
Have you tried listening to the space jam theme song instead?
In my pre coffee state I saw the title and thought what the fuck is so awesome about playgrounds swing!?
Jap anus relations for $700
Suddenly my ad block for this site magically got enabled again 
Is your sex scene gonna be 90% of the dude's ass in the camera shot?
Driver was lucky the drainage canal stopped his car or he'd have a one way ticket all the way down 
whattabout le boobie? 
Never cheat on her cause not only she's accurate with those Javelins, she's got mini-javelins on her hair for backup. 
Holy hell I came in here thinking it's gonna be all about le biz memes and LMFAO communism but instead found  a in-depth analysis of communist manifesto and it's origins. why can't /r/news or any other major sub Reddit have that non biased logical approach??
They should've been true to the source material and film the movie in regular digital and with True Imax Camera at the same time 
I laughed at Tommy's ass shot like 90% of love making scene
Don't remember Lulu equipping those spheres in the game 
What's your fav drink of choice?
Dang im taller, heavier side  but Asian 
Hells yeah anybody wanna do disaster artist?
Lord have mercy!
I'll watch if they somehow bring back cyber Samuel L Jackson and have him killed off again in the first 15 mins 
Would gladly bareback 
1st lakers post to hit /r/all in a long while and you make it sound like a porno. 
Dat wink 
Fuck yeah Nintendo Excite bikes on BOTW 
Hand drawn animation FTW 
Art directions better be cuphead
How do you think they got funding for this show? 
Kojima, my body is ready
Mother fucking hover converted DELOREAN!?!
Man the sex mods for VR will be incredible (forgets character is female) oh God quit app quit app!!!
Holy fucking shit the mental gymanstics of SJW is mind boggling. "Women should be sexually liberated and get to sleep who who they Want! This porn actress refuses to do scene with a bi-sexual actor because homosexual STD testing is not up to par....SHE'S A HOMOPHOBIC!!!!" 
Since capital appreciate in short time spab so Either $MU and #SQ or AMD these are Vegas bets 
I hope its a drawn out case so it'll bring to light the meaning of ownership, most of our movies and games are "licensed" to us we don't own it 
MFW i'm trying to poop out all those Taco Tuesdays from last night 
What if I'm a bottom man? 
I'll take Jap anus relations for 700
2beatiful 
Same company that was caught with backdoors in it's phones (or some anonymous data going to bejing) why are we in love with this company again?
She's not letting go of that one 
To be fair a good number in the open source community still consider him as such 
Awesome cosplay now switch to mercy you're dragging this team down 
It's no milk truck 
Many porn studios would pay top dollar for her talent. 
This is the opposite of walk of shame 
I would love to pind those 
I try not to use unique or legendary weapons or armor cause quite frankly most of them are pretty overpowered. It's more satisfying killing a behemoth non-legendary weapons as you inject every chem in the alphabet along with an ungodly amount of alcohol. 
Amazing morph balls she got there 
Revolver ocelot

(Revolver ocelot)
That's a whole lotta power 
Nuclear power, "you'll come crawling back on a cloudy dead wind day"
Welcome to Lee Carvallo's Putting Challenge. I am Carvallo. 
That's some aerial pounding 
Of course just not during ranked games 
Does the lass have a bountiful booty as well?
I take it it's still slower than apples A11 cpu?
That some dragons she got there 
If you squint your eyes you can make out a pentagram 
The clever doctor will always remember Clara Oswald 
They should have it so where the tank blows up when you bullseyes the insignia 
That's no moon 
Gureilla warfare is a helluva strategy
No kids but my lady friend is a Disney hardcore fan so we go to the parks often 
Did OP just watch enemy of the state starting will smith?
Let me know when they have ad block capability close to uMatrix and ublock 
That happens to Asian kids when they fall below 3.5 GPA 
Yeah by then when mommy gives you an ultimatum lil johnny knows she ain't bluffing 
This maybe unpopular but the minimum maturity age I believe is 5+
A month ago, my body isn't ready 
MU and SQ, hold me 
In this pool we only use Android!! *With waterproofing*
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say no
Everyday is a black Friday when you buy a falling knife!
I love this and in order to keep my orgasmic road conditions 90% of you need to get the hell out 
Those are some heavy elements 
Anybody doing a Thanksgiving weekend Meetup?
Ahhhh yisssss just came from the movie 
My Cavalry has arrived! 
I definitely choose you 
TFW you accidentally equip her the anti-tank rifle instead of the tranq rifle and press 'cover me' making the whole enemy base go ape shit. 
That's some excellent editing skills you got there OP 
When we all got movie pass cards suddenly its fuck it I ain't got anything better to do and I wanna get my money's worth so madea's  goes to Europe it is. 
Jesus how high were the writers have to be to come up with th...were the writers Cheech and Chong? 
She's Gottit
We can't spin cycle unless you use softener 
Full metal bitch 
What's the ratio gonna be like? 
Is there a sub version?
At least Nintendo doesn't hold grudges like American companies, they're making Nintendo land at universal japan
But it gets the point across don't it?
Oh you enabled the privacy mode on our software platform, we promise to be good boys and honor your choice (crosses fingers behind back)
uBlock and uMatrix, as long as there is malware disease ridden ads, these 2 plugins act as a condom for the internet. It sucks for legit content creators but it's too much risk going bareback into the internet, there's many stories of legit websites getting hacked and malicous ads being uploaded.
I'd like to bam bam those 
The problem for Disneyland is always space they designed a park for a population of the 1950s and can't expand to accdomate the population boom
So before the rope even drops the wait time could be over 120 mins? 
How early do I have to be at rope drop to be at flight for a reasonable wait time?
So how early do I have to be at rope drop to bum rush flight of Pandora this Saturday?
All the Microsoft developed games EXCEPT Halo, I guarantee it. 
tis but a scratch
Is there really a useless waifu? 
Silicone or not most of us would motorboat those 
What would it take to get you on your tippy toes? 
There's some lucky bastard that did hadid
Is there a gif of the cat riding the horse?
Jesus that's like 90 mods at 4 fps to get this screenshot 
Maybe selling that car to pay for Daedric armor wasn't such a good idea
Who cares if they're fake all ya'll with still titty fuck them 
You gonna buy some puts as a backup?
They lightning and mischief over my place any day of the week 
Your nips also know its friday 
I bet she has a nice oven 
This ain't the 90s Nintendo, gotta get with the online times or fall behind. You're riding high in BOTW and Odyssey but that shit ain't gonna last forever 
Something I wish my lady friend would do
kkkiilllll mmmeeeeeee
Look I'm all for all making more cycle friendly roads when it makes logical sense. Causing artificial congestion all for the sake of political points kind of defeats the purpose especially when you're trying to minimize car pollution. *engage downvote shield* 
Let me try that with my cat....somebody call the hospital i'm about to die of blood loss. 
That doesn't top the metal gear solid 3 developers creating every blade of bush and grass to interact both in 1st and 3rd person to snake's movement and all this on limited ass ps2 hardware. 
They look ready to fight the wild hunt at 4 and go for coffee afterwards 
As awesome as the OnePlus phone is, I am cautious about an all Chinese controlled  manufactured phone and programmed OS. 
Dollar shave club? Dafaq?
I'm guessing most of you would want to Tink her bell 
It'll pleasure both holes 
Should've gotten matching tops

Oh Jesus Christ that hurt to read 
Looking good 
Korea, " meat is back on the menu boys!"
Depends its it full of creme? 
How is old grimey by the way?
All I wanna do is (gun shot noises)

And a (cash register sound)

And take your money
36? You look 26 
Cardi B? More like Cardi A+
Bushes is where the stork drops off kittens 
Makes the Hannibal Lecter noise 
When you have a 9-5 job but don't want to be caught unprepared for the Apocalypse
Ice ice baby 
Buy $MTCH they got solid growth earnings and most of you owe getting laid Thanks to their tinder app
No homo but he's a handsome mofo why he gotta be rapin when groupie chicks be all over his dick?
When you're getting money from thirsty men, what's the difference? 
Sweet baby Jesus!
Like a record baby right round 
Man games are getting freaky lately never played the game but I'm guessing her weapon is a whip?
Did the guy ever get tinder laid with those lines???
TOGETHERRRRRR FOREVERRRRRR!!!
Even da kitty is going wtf
Beats expectations so it'll drop on price tomorrow amiright? /S
What's new pussycat?
These mofos could've had the world if only they pulled their head out of their ass and add pvp battling and trading. But nintendo was afraid if cannibalism. In the words of Steve jobs, "if you don't cannibalize yourself, someone else will"
(de dust 2)rush b site nobody pussy out

Everybody pussies out at tunnel and only your sad ass pops out into hail of gunfire 


They(both Niantic and Nintendo) had their chance to take over the world but didn't implement battling or trading Pokemon go 
These guys are there for the paycheck and is most likely going out after work for partying and anonymous sex
Truly the best girl, she stuck with you for all 3 games while that brunette harlot shows her skanky ass out of nowhere in the final act 
Some kind of pizza master race 
We can hang only if you drop me some of that AKM ammo
What a time to be alive where our own damn sex toys are spying on us.
Only sailors use condoms, baby.  

I like bareback and besides I got insurance if I ever crack my phone 
It's better to have one biscuit then to risk it and have no biscuit 
Biggest takeaway: Masterchief riding a scorpion. 
Or BDSM sex clubs I don't care I just need this stock to take off 
Other big name smart watches does the same shit and then way more (ie phone synergy), Fitbit products doesnt than that kind of appeal
You guys need to pay for tinder premium and fuck like bunnies please. My portfolio depends on it!!
Apple takes the crown when it comes to tax avoidance but all your major tech companies do this. What can we do about it? Not buy smartphones in protest? Politics sure as hell won't do squat as that's going back to obama era. 
Hey kids, enter my fun hole!!!
Talks have fallen through and both sides no longer talking. Time to short DIS/FOXA and buy more NFLX
You could say the phone  (puts on sunglasses) non-essential
I misread that as Sybian and thought the company used to make cellphones before switching to sex toys 
First glance at the title I was like good for Harley getting computer education and getting away from all that crazyness
*hides all nearby pottery*
Fuck it, it's good we're not joined to the hip with Bitcoin. Once Bitcoin comes crashing everybody will be buying Ethereum 
Something about having a pet gets you though the darkest of times because you gotta live for that little guy at home counting on you 
Best holo pussy 
$LIT, inb4 its price is lit up 
Nothing synthetic oil couldn't fix 
You have the downs
Translation, "We don't give a fuck, everyone will still watch our movies!" 
The fist that knocked out the hulk can never match Disney's Deus ex Machina ass pull love magic. 
Are you causing trouble in the neighborhood? 
I'm gonna guess this is Europe were talking about here. Yeah bring homeless in Europe pre syiran refugee crisis is vastly different to current situation
Your before and after look like Long lost cousins 
That's some GTA V shit right there
Let's face facts here folks any and all business owners hate unions. That includes reddits own Messiah Elon musk. 
The demand for batteries are only going higher and higher every year, from cellhones to cars and I don't foresee the demand stalling or dropping any time soon. I'm in it for the Long haul boys 
I thought he was asking chicks to play Street fighter 5 with him 
In West Philadelphia, born and raised
Awesome now switch to mercy you're dragging this team down 
Fuck all y'all
Maybe if it was white you guys wouldn't mind /s
Even if it's free I wouldn't eat subway
Just don't give her the chakram
Boob window reaching critical failure point 
Dat trigger discipline
Dayum she can be my ice queen 
Or guy coming home from his 9-5 pizza mascot sign spinning job
I'd let her dual wield me any day of the week 
I'd gladly give up smartphones for flying cars and hoverboards 
Real men use a dress, mascot head and a sledgehammer
Lucky skull
2beatiful
Now with 50% more data mining!
She can handle my spear any day of the week 
Dafaq did Terry do to get arrested?
Genji, "10/10 would promptly abandon after getting healed and let her get wrecked by the enemy"
Hugh Hefner was hooking up with chicks old enough to his great grand daughters I don't think the world gives a rats ass
That bikini is barely holding on 
Roadhog, "Soon you will learn to appreciate me"
I hope their insurance covers Onyx damage 
That's no moon 
All the low self-esteem chicks in the world ain't gonna help you if youre fugly....without the help of uncle tequila facelifter
Does it have to be blue to remind us of the disappointment?
It's a shame windows never got their mobile platform to a viable 3rd place competitor. This rock and a hard place choices (Android and iOS) is giving consumers little choices, like both war against the headphone jack. (Samsung please keep that beautiful 3.5mm)
Shave and haircut knockers I mean knock
Ahhhh fuck me, I'll see you lost souls in the general registration 
Blue butt hole circle? Is it that time again? 
Holy fuck could this lead to lower health insurance premiums 
Those are some high quality God given tits
Awesome, now switch to Mercy we need a healer. 
(sees panties)I see OP enjoys a bowl of Fruit Loops cereal just like me. 
How come she's the only red shirt?
Call me George of the jungle 
I'd like to shake her boob erhm I mean hand 
Stupid sexy reaper 
Great Cosplay! Now switch to Mercy, you're dragging this team down. 
What I'd give to see Hilary's Muff
What kind of training/education/license do you need to be in this line of work?
Runs better then the original 
Best boobs, best lay, best girl in series 
GET READY FOR A SUPRISE! 
RIP Dr. Eli Vance you'll be teleporting scientists across dimensions in heaven now. 
Bitches at you to switch to heal even though your top 4 hero hours are all healers 
Where is halo guys 2004 bullet count?
Damn you're ugly 
One Hayden please 
Empty threats, theres a reason terrorists don't attack China and Russia because when you fuck with them they'll show you the meaning of medieval. Russia starting sending family  body parts of the terrorists who held Russian diplomats hostage 
You can see his fat burning away! 
Combine Torbjorn and Reinhardt on the other side. Act like mother fucking 300 spartans at the hot gates 
Don't remember Raiden having 2 extra batteries 
Do Linux people still consider him the spawn of Satan? 
She don't need no spell book to cast magic on men. 
It's a land of opportunity only if you're super smart, super skilled, super pretty or super connected 
Now that's one Harley I wouldn't mind riding 
(Looks at 600 dollar parking ticket) yeah I'll take the smiley face can't pick up sign 
I am altering the deal. Pray I
don't alter it any further.
How long before we get one taking place during caveman days?
Reddit and China themselves proclaiming that China will be the world leader in couple years. Yeah until China starts sending their armies into countries that is ethnic cleansing or helping nation's that have no natural resources I don't see that happening 
I'd parry those 
About 65 watts 
Wonder what happens if you hit her during dialogue cutscene? 
I miss my whole team revive 
Real men cross bomb site b without smoke 
I'd definitely assimilate those 
Thou father who swole in heaven 
All right. It's Friday night, I have no date, a two- liter bottle of Shasta and my all-Rush mix-tape Let's rock...
Grabbing girlfriends boobs from behind, turns out they belonged to my cousin and they wear the same shirts 

That after high school is when the difficulty setting is cranked to max
Your pets love
I don't buy their crap uzi,galil or deagle in CSGO that's for sure 
So can the thing turbo boost?
Physics is a harsh cruel mistress
Upside down phone, typical iphone user. /s
All those years of playing half life is finally paying off
And I ride off...on the grass. 
When the acid hits 
There is no fucking drummer better than Neil Peart!!! 
My personal one, the only thing pride and honor has done for men is dig them a faster grave.

Offcolor remark about your mom, pours beer on you, spits on your shoes. Just walk away it's not worth 15 to life killing over spilled beer.
Lion King African screaming intro plays in the background 
What you witnessed is the planet aligning for that special moment. This is LA it'll be a cold day in hell before all of LA learns about keeping escalator right or not blocking the fucking intersection  
Boobality 
Kinda hoped Jon would do that Raiders of the lost arc sword maneuver and Jack would just pull out his flintlock and shoot him. 
I have an idea for a new crypto currency called hookercoin
Is her weakness the comformity and status quo?
More like assy assvalrez
These PUBG updates are getting out of hand 
Nudist beaaaacccchhhhh
I am uneasy about tech products that 100% Chinese controlled. Everything from the OS to hardware could have backdoors 
The fajita black market must be lucrative 
I heard video killed your mom 
Very nippling..i mean amazing! 
The dream is collapsing 
You're a contradiction 
Dayum nice Tron cosplay!!! /s
He's the peacock that reddit needs. 
That depends can I slap you in the ass for a burst of speed? 
Dat glorious pc master race and N7
Is there a way win10 can detect a certain audio say footsteps and amplify that 10x?
Did you say steak?

Well time to watch duce bigalow
Is she the master if unlocking?

Thanks amazingkreiderman
Going from taking a 20 inch dildo to a 9 inch one seems like an improvement too but at the end of the day you still have a dildo in your ass. 
Tequila break in between 
When you forgot you equipped her the Sinful Butterfly during 'cover me' and the whole base goes ape shit. 
If even we wiped and installed lineage one wonders if there's any hardware tracking built in 
Microsoft is joining the bandwagon late once again of other companies extracting our private data. Where's the pitchforks and torches for Android, ios, Facebook, etc?
That little red coloring representing Elmo's dick now that attention to detail 
And he likes to funk 
Were any of them named The Tormentor? 
Check crime maps for homicides and rapes in that region 
Playerunknown's Battlegrounds 
I gotta feeling we're being played like a fiddle by Putin while he's laughing his ass off in Moscow 
In Polchinski car flips you 
That's why I'm hesistent to buy something that's 100% Chinese company  controlled everything from the OS to the hardware could have backdoors  
That's no moon
She can suck me any day of the week 
Widow, "oh boy here I go tea bagging again"
Maybe the sky scraped them 
He's in the perfect i'm gonna pet your belly for 5 nano seconds and retreat before you can bite me pose. 
Three oinkers wearing pants, plate of hot air, basket of Grandma's breakfast and change the bull to a gill, got it. 
Before people shout Mai private business free speech don't apply here, tech companies have big swatch % of the internet and I believe once you become big enough communication platform then free speech should apply to your product 
They're king of the Hill in business Enterprise tech and have Xbox money rolling in, why chase after a market that is long passed mature??
Anybody remember Raiden II with the pink beam of doom?
That's why I am hesistent in buying all Chinese tech. Granted all our cells come from Chinese manufacturing but it's overseen by other companies 
Most Asian culture have highest respect for one's elders
Beast's back, tell a friend
It is time again, Eisner demands a sacrifice 
Tinder or my average conversation with Monday co workers 
I'm sure Android and iOS subreddit are laughing at Microsoft right now but this is a bad thing. Competition has kept the big corps more or less in check but now the choice between a rock and a hard place (iOS and Android). Prime example is both companies trying to make the 3.5mm headphone jack extinct  
She's Eurasian I take it 
I'm so fucking dense I need a giant neon sign that says 'do me' pointed at a ladypart before I get the hint 
Amazing taking over the planet with one economic aspect at a time 
Must be an Android bird
Welcome to the land that's way under, down under,

the sky's always yellow come rain or shine . . .
My chapped bloody testicles Marty. I need you to lick them. 
10/10 would holo sync with an actual real life hooker and do the deed. 
There is no fucking drummer better than Neal Peart!! 
Nobody cared who she was until she put on the mask 
Not stopping until I look good as my great aunt legs go all the way up Griffin 
Doctor I need medical attention....down there 
It's not the grades you make but the palms you shake 
Good time for Microsoft to pull an Luke Skywalker and do revenge of the Zune on these headphoneless asses
You sure can if you're in a long straddle position 
Those who travel alone travel quickest 
But hes a secret agent, lives in a rich British cottage and married to a Danish princess 
Old Lara > NU Lara
ETH hackerman, the hero we need but not the one we want 
Those boobs are on a league of their own 
Underwood? How about all the wood.
Google has underestimated the power of dic pics 
The fucking thing could order 3 free hookers a month on demand for all I care it still shite due to no headphone jack. 
Does Just Shades do porn? 
Lighting a fire under you ass is supposed to me metaphorical 
She can suck my soul any day of the week 
Why do you keep calling me Calvin Klein?? 
To play devil's advocate after Amazon pays what's stopping them from fucking on off to another tax shelter??
Nice Jewbs 
Those two can still headshot me at 400m while doing 10,000 rpm yet I can for the life of me hit anything beyond 100m even with prone and a 8x scope
I had blink and do a double take when I misread the diggers title 
That or Target big rig truck with that seductive bulls eye Target 
Ram criminals car off the cliff, gravity killed them 
This is pequod arriving shortly at LZ
Hope you like pickles 
She can ride my dragon any day of the week 
That cat has that "I'm too old for this shit" look down 
Always br closing!!
Condoms don't protect against herpes or other skin to skin contact STI not covered by a condom 
Doesn't vegas casinos have pretty much a small army with automatic weapons? 
Gentlemen you're supposed to enter using the bottom opening 
Yes wonderful ass..I mean scenery 
Dayum, I think Adam West entered her batcave couple times 
How do you like that silver? 
That lil V pube stands for Vault-Tec? 
Hot cheetos kills your anus 
I don't want to imagine how she "slimes" people 
Niece ready for take off 
I see somebody maxed out Charisma 
Didn't know I had a fetish for black lipstick marks all over my johnson 
She's a rouge, that one. 
That's a whole lotta kananas
Christ latestagecapitalism is a joke 
Of how Nintendo ass fucked Sony and Sony entered the console market out of pure spite 
We all glitch down here 
Recall the cheapest contraceptive out there 
I have no date, a 2 liter bottle of Shasta and my all rush mix tape let's rock 
Dayum bareback fucking!!!
Charge it up and you take out a power armor suit shield that way 
Down in Taz-Mania, come to Taz-Mania.

I can only imagine the legion of girls hugh has deflowered over the years 
Are those god given or man made?
As morbid as it sounds we need those abort numbers higher in conjunction with more freely or cheaper contraceptive. we are literally fucking ourselves to extinction
For your codec only 
Movie stars, sports legends, music icons they pass with mourning but damn Hugh provided boys youth just that something special none of the previous mentioned ever could...that an a boner. 
It's interesting to see the game pinned as main discussion on /r/PS4 but not here 
I saw your title and I assumed it was the smoking kind 
Heh "gram" ma
Son you're suppose dance like the rappers not one of his background hoes
Look it's a pain to have to use 39 different competing programs (see game launchers for example) but competition always benefits the consumer.
We all had the same feeling as that cat  when felt no phone in our pocket 
Dem morphballs
I'd buy that for a dollar 
I wish I could royally fuck up at my job and get a big fat retirement check 
Burn that beer 
Lil pudgy 
You could totally cosplay that blue haired chick in Quake  
This is the original metal gear game OP's animation is based on 
In current political climate of SJW/PC ala tracer ass pose we need good ole school 90's cheesy action hero game that gives 2 shits about politics 
The billion dollar question is this better or worse then PUBG an please don't say its different its the same damn formula apple to apples!  
UNSCHEDULED OFFWORLD ACTIVIATION 
The picture lights up the as it progresses 
He never asked for this. 


I was expecting her to be abandoned by Genji as soon as their outnumbered 
Like a pokemon evolution 
My teacher asked if X-Men used to be dudes 
That one time you accidently equip her that anti tank rifle and whole base goes ape shit from all the loud killing  
No I want the big boys to keep fighting each other competition only benefits the consumer. I wouldn't be surprised if Amazon throws in a lot of fuck you Google money at making their own OS 
A fucking pizza, man many people have that my pride is worth a billion dollars mentality crap
So how long till the planet of the cats? 