Correct unless you negotiate something with the seller
Yeah those seemed innocent enough. Surprised they rejected them
Some Sprint sites will be kept and turned into TMobile sites. This will lead to more capacity or coverage.
It says branding decisions are tbd.
Besides that not being how cell towers work, I'm still getting them while overseas. 
When I took my test, my parents had a van that only fit in the cones by a couple inches on each side. We rented the driving instructor's focus for the test. Totally worth it.
Or you've moved here from a much bigger city to escape the downsides of such a city, only for things to start heading back that direction.

Don't get me wrong, Columbus has moved in a positive direction, but the changes in traffic and housing prices suck. Personally, it just feels like we're going to be stuck in our tiny current place because suddenly we can't afford a slightly bigger place that, had some debts been paid down, we could have a few years ago.
While I agree in general, this wasn't a case of assembly failure. This was stress fatigue in the metal until it partially cracked and ultimately fractured. 
Flight attendant just bitched a guy out on my last flight for watching a movie and not using the headphones he was wearing. Then she asked us loudly if we were enjoying his movie lol. I love people who don't take shit from anyone.
Yes, because clothing has a direct line to feelings and sexual preference... (/s obviously)
Tf did I just watch?
Or because puppies are adorable little assholes, at least in my experience.
It means at least one of the ingredients they purchased came from crops that used GMOs.
Tforce once couldn't activate a brand new one for me and said they'd have to charge me $25 for one. They ended up waiving it without me asking. 
Just remember folks, "NO COLLUSION"
Their shit is already so marked up it's ridiculous. Most branded beauty products have super crazy high margins, and usually very low material costs. Why they even need to do this is beyond me.
It's always bad after winter. 
I think I recall Costco having it.
Less that, more just actually voting in the first place. Johnson and Stein got 3.25% and 1% respectively (popular vote). There was way more people of voting age that didn't vote than 4.25% of the people who did.
Don't give her any new flavor ideas
There doesn't appear to be any airbags deployed, my guess would be it stayed on but who knows.
Hmm. Wonder if the location of the hit has caused any structural damage and will end up being totaled. 

My former Cruze got hit in the front right A pillar area, it was pushed in enough they immediately ruled it a total loss. Edit: mine was hit a bit more severely than this, so you may still be fine.
Apparently. I just sucked it up and paid $200 more for exit row seats on two long haul flights. All the connecting flights I'm sucking it up and squeezing into regular coach. Being tall is uncomfortable/expensive.
Slap a "Powered by coal" sticker on it, might fit in better. (somewhat kidding).

Not sure about your area, but the plant that generates our electricity is still coal.
I think that was the Sebring.
This. Drives me nuts that everyone creeps through that part. I wish there were more passing zones.
Had something similar years ago... hit and run, but dude left a part of his motorcycle wedged into my tire. That part had the VIN. The detective found the owner immediately. I even got copies and provided surveillance video showing the incident. The cops did nothing. No ticket, no arrest, nothing.
Without knowing the specifics, my guess would be it's more they don't want to vs can't.

You might look into getting a VCX nano and a 2 year subscription to tis2web to program it yourself. Not sure what the specifics of programming the radio entail specifically, I've researched making this purchase but I'm waiting until I have a direct need for it.

https://www.acdelcotds.com/acdelco/action/subscribehome
/r/fellowkids
Yes and no. Often if the carrier changed pricing during the long term contract, the customer usually had the right to terminate the agreement sans ETF. So while they could change the price, it wasn't 100% free of consequences. 
This. Went there occasionally with coworkers.

Edit: I misremembered. It's the China Garden buffet across the street that we went to. I got sick at Lucky House on the first visit and never went back.
No, but you should follow the written maintenance schedule in the owners manual. Doesn't have to be the dealer to do it, it can be a shop of your choice or diy (keep parts receipts/a log). The only way they could "void" the warranty is if they can tie misuse, modification, or a lack of maintenance directly to the cause of the issue that would be covered under warranty. A dealer trying to do that is going to be rare (or a shitty dealer).
I just flashed to Beltz and I'm happy. It still has occasional lag but mostly when I'm doing a bunch of crap at once (Waze, music streaming, and then doing a third thing).

First time I've done a rom in probably 5 years. Still need to do Magisk.
Something something sense of pride and accomplishment 
When I had a subscription, Hulu had the producer's cut episodes.
My understanding is property taxes mostly pay a guaranteed amount to the receiving government agency. As a result, the valuations mostly set the fraction of that overall revenue you pay.

So if your house's tax assessed value goes up 15%, but the whole county goes up 20%, you may actually pay less. 

This most recent reassessment, mine went up by about the same amount as the county (I think within 1%) and the amount due 2x a year didn't really change. Went up maybe $9 for the year.
Yes, they have made the guarantee, but legally there's nothing stopping them from changing or ending that guarantee at any time. A newly formed or merged company isn't required to honor non-contractual obligations from their former entity like an unwritten price lock.

Now, if they think changing it will cause a mass exodus or other revenue/profit hit, they'll probably avoid doing such things.
The court towers downtown have open access. You just have to pass through a metal detector. 
Don't brake check. Intentionally inciting road rage makes you complicit/part of the problem. You're not the police and enforcing a safe following distance by others isn't up to you.

Just ignore them and go on with your day. It it's bothering you that much, pull over, let them pass, and let them go be an idiot somewhere else.
You can usually find coupons too that bring the cost down.
Cold air intake wouldn't really do anything measurable since you don't have direct control over the ICE. The PCM has too much control over everything that I doubt you'd net anything from such a modification.
REEKIS
Agreed. Jack Maxton even treated a beater cavalier in for old recalls well. Meanwhile Dave Gill was awful, even after buying the brand new car from them...
Nothing in my area. I've had wow since 2011, can't remember the last time we were down or had issues. Maybe once after a strong windstorm...
I too had crap service with Verizon in NA, switched to TMobile and had better luck. We mostly were in places near Walnut Rd and also NA village. 
That, and all the people merging in from the right that want to immediately exit left.
Yep. Lived here for 20 years and it's been bad since day 1. Can't believe they haven't built a flyover ramp yet.
Of sufficient gauge for the length.
In fact, you're legally required to! (iirc)
Either afraid, or oblivious to all other cars on the road.
If you're looking at burgers alone, they're both good for what they are. I liked Shake Shack fries way better, and it's no contest for the shakes. It might be because Shake Shack uses custard, but their chocolate shake blows In-n-out's out of the water. 
Definitely not helpful human beings...
I've had both. Shake Shack is way better.
Something with TV or Layer3?
Yeah. That's a lot of lost revenue out the door when you run a free line for life promo. And it makes you take a hit to ARPU because you're adding a bunch of users and no revenue.

I have a feeling they did those promos to quickly show more net adds for some key investor stat they were after or wanted to maintain (like increasing growth every quarter for the last X quarters for example).
It'll be interesting to see. I'm curious if they will overestimate their disruption capabilities, or if they will actually price it and include features that blow everything else out of the water. The latter is how they got their success as a carrier, but pricing is not what's carrying them now.
Sure did, and I've read similar before. Doesn't change what he said is technically correct and factual. Nowhere was it stated or implied that 100% of funding came from cars.

Cars do in fact pay taxes, and those taxes in turn pay for a portion of the costs to construct and maintain roads.
Where did I say anything about speed? Bikes have the right to use the road, but they should be cautious and courteous, not assholes. Not implying all are, but some definitely are oblivious, careless, or worse.
His statement is correct. He never said solely paid for by cars or even hinted at it being the majority funding source. It's factually accurate that cars pay taxes that are in turn used to construct and maintain roads.
That's illegal. I'm in no position to tell you what to do, but I hope you're not quick to condemn illegal behavior by motorists.

Part of the disdain for bikers is some adopting a "pick and choose" mentality toward the law. Either follow it or don't, but if you choose the latter, expect the same from others.
Respect is a two way street. Drivers hate asshole bikers. Bikers hate asshole drivers. Until all people quit being assholes, nothing is going to change.
The vast majority of sidewalks are concrete, not asphalt. And aren't 8-10ft wide.
If anything, the police unions should have to carry it for their members. Taxpayers shouldn't be paying for the police fuckups, especially intentional ones.
Usually the main difference is the short bumper to bumper warranty (1 year/12k mi). 

Chevy dealers seemingly can remove the CPO and drop the price a little. I had a friend buy a Cruze and their dealer (without being asked) quoted it with and without the CPO.
Crap. I read years ago it could pump air conditioned air into the battery pack, but looking again that was wrong. Whomp whomp.
The leaf can air cool the battery. The lack of liquid cooling is the issue, especially in warmer climates. I would be afraid to ever level 3 charge a leaf for fear of the heat causing damage.
It's not your fault, correct? Why not get things fixed if someone else's insurance is the one paying (since their insured caused the damages)?

I would get the damage repaired and additionally consider filing for diminished value. If you need assistance, you may be able to find an adjuster who specializes in diminished value claims.
Blacklick is on the east side, sandwiched between Gahanna, New Albany, and Pataskala. The area has a lot of mature trees and a little bit of hills and curves. Some of my preference is proximity to family/jobs. Getting to various places in the city isn't bad. I wouldn't mind living somewhere closer to downtown but it's not worth the cost to me. I'd rather live comfortably a few minutes farther away and retire way sooner than be house poor.
It's fine, I wouldn't avoid it, but it's not particularly interesting. It has parts that lean toward redneck/white trash, but that's not to say the whole city is that way.

I'd have no problem living there, but I'd also rather live in the area I do for many reasons.
Thanks man. Was able to pull it off. Now need to get used to Oreo and figure out Elemental X. And install Magisk. 
Also correct.
It was across several GM models in 2014, my former Cruze had it which is how I knew. I bought new, it was in the marketing materials. It's pretty handy. I'm planning on getting a 2012 Volt soon, will miss it.
Windows key + L locks the account. Great for folks who get up from their PC often.
I just wish they were more consistent.

Ctrl-F in outlook? Rage. Why would I want to forward, I want to Find just like every other MS Office product.

Ctri-Shift-S in Word? Rage. (I use PDF pro more than word and its save as command is Ctrl-Shift-S)
Yep. Many phones (US at least), the FM pins on the radio chip are not soldered/connected.
Can't hear them at my work, so safety is supposed to trigger the building announcement system but I think those lazy fucks go home at 4pm. Anytime there's a tornado warning late in the day we never get notified. Apparently I need to get a weather alert on my phone because I had no idea.
I've been running stock rom with Franco kernel, but ready to move on. Had been leaning toward Beltz but your post has pushed me over the edge into trying it.

I've done this so infrequently I'm a bit rusty. After I make a backup with TWRP and download the Beltz ROM/Gapps, do I only need to wipe the phone in TWRP or do I need to flash the stock image first because of the Franco kernel?
Should be "Boyfriend proposes to girlfriend in front of her father"
In my area at least it's against fire/building code. Inspector bitched about a 100w mini fridge being plugged into a 3' power strip. Actual risk? None. But rules are rules...
Wasn't that for SC unlimited leaving BingeOn turned on?
Yep, plus the more you expand your network, the more it costs to operate. 

In their quest to be the new Verizon (in coverage at least), if they end up with expenses like Verizon, they're going to have to charge prices like Verizon. I joined in late 2015 and felt like it was only a matter of time based on their trajectory...
Slightly better privacy

Protection when using open wifi (a lot of the ones I've used recently are open to connect, then you sign in on a webpage). Any connection like that is at risk for wifi sniffing.
iirc Honda was doing it into the 2000s with ABS only. Possibly others too others but I for some reason I specifically remember Honda.

Offtopic: I know stability control systems often use a steering angle sensor, I wonder if any of the ones with electric racks will actually change the direction as well.
If you enjoy more congestion and backup, then yes, they should merge unnecessarily early. In heavy, densely packed traffic, you're supposed to merge at the merge point so the entire capacity of the road is utilized.
*some systems are capable of.

There's plenty of cars on the road that just pulse the ABS pump to the wheel that's freespinning.
Crazy. That's surprising the courts exclude it from evidence. Wonder what the reasoning is...
That doesn't sound right. What country?
It was probably a Whirlpool. Iirc, all Maytags are just rebranded Whirlpools. 
The Sirius/XM quality is a problem for any vehicle. Their least compressed stations are something like 64kbps, which was equivalent to internet radio in the year 2000. It's bad. 

The bluetooth is probably compression loss as well. In order to be even halfway decent, both devices (source and receiver) need to support APTX codec. To my understanding, most do not. I've only found one aftermarket car adapter kit that does, and that's what I have in one of my older cars. It's noticeably better than two others I have that do not support APTX. 
2012: added exterior keyless entry buttons

2013: larger battery, bluetooth streaming, oil life monitor tracks time and usage (previously didn't track the 2 year time interval)

2014: Added Siri Eyes Free (hold down a button on the steering wheel for Siri or Google Now/Assistant). Nice for sending a text by voice or other handsfree operation

2015: larger battery again
I believe one of the most common failures is the heat not working, so turn on the heat and make sure the air coming out is warm. It can work in gas mode but not electric, so I'd recommend checking it before the ICE runs.
Personally, I would wait until some gen 2 lease returns start piling up. That seems to be the turning point for depreciation to ramp up and sale prices to start dropping. 

Option packages are generally horrible at retaining their value on the used market, so if you want a loaded model, buying used (off lease if possible) is your best bet. Obviously that means waiting until ~3 years after the year/model went on sale since most leases are 36 months.
Yep. Sinclair pushes must run pieces to their station managers.
It's a must run piece from Sinclair HQ. If the individual stations were allowed to choose to run it or not, or to modify it, I'd be slightly less concerned. But this video shows Sinclair is straight up partisan propaganda and they don't worry about that fact enough to try to hide it.
E Broad? If you're talking about the former Lucent Technologies, they've demo'ed a lot of that.
Besides office buildings and churchs during off hours: The continent on the north side has some big empty lots. Brice road and I 70 area too. And Westland mall. Not sure for the south side. 
Holy hell. It disintegrated. 
My wife's dog did this to her yesterday for the first time, but showed zero remorse after. 

At least this pupper knows he was bad.
Depreciation is a killer for any person who uses their car a lot. Theres a reason most pizza delivery cars are older. Have you considered getting a cheap replacement beater car until you graduate? Once you land in whatever full time job you're interested in, you'll be driving less and having a newer car won't be so expensive on depreciation.

Make sure you get an insurance quote before buying, no matter what car you're thinking about.
It's a profit center for the dealer. Provides little to no value for the customer.
You'd have to get the code scanned. One common issue is the passenger seat sensor, but it could be any number of things.
Are you sure the battery is under warranty? Only cars sold originally in CARB states get the 150k mile Voltec battery warranty. The rest get 100k miles. You need to check the VIN to find out.

I don't think it's an insane idea, but EV prices are pretty volatile and anything with super high miles can be a challenge to find a buyer or get a fair trade price. I would personally be open to it, but I also keep my cars long term usually.

I might know of a silver 2012 with ~106k for sale for $7500. Paging u/carpronto
That's funny considering the coal is most likely getting used to generate electricity... which can charge an EV. You're creating more demand for electricity.
As of October 2017 they were at 158,257. Looks like they did around 9926 in Nov/Dec and 4321 in Jan/Feb. So 27,496 left approx. Whenever they hit 200k, they get the rest of the current quarter and one more full quarter before the rebate starts scaling back (50% for 2 quarters, 25% for 2 quarters, then nothing).
Holy fuck. I had no idea.
It happens everywhere, but the severity in the south is far worse.
The fact evangelicals have stayed with Trump despite his many scandals and unethical positions (among plenty of other reasons too) proves your point. Of all people to cast him aside, they should have been the first group. If you claim to care about Christian values, how can you vote for and continue to support someone who boasts about doing the exact opposite?
I thought for sure it was going to be Rod Parsley.
Yeah. Nothing wrong with them if they meet your needs/budget... their customer service/pricing is just less than ideal.
With charter/spectrum it's either the service, the price, or both. We canceled when they doubled the bill from $45 to $80 for 15/1 and basic phone, meanwhile we actually got 6/.5 Mbps due to an oversaturated node. Way over priced and they refused to negotiate. We switched providers and pay half as much for the same thing now, plus a 2 year price guarantee.
Expensive. $65/mo for the lowest internet tier. And they don't negotiate.
Also good to include assumptions, exclusions, and responsibilities for both sides. The more you lay out up front, the less chance of a misunderstanding later. And if there is a misunderstanding, you have it in writing what was agreed to.
Depends on whether sales drop off because of no rebate, and if people still want the Volt or buyers flock to newer BEVs. 

It'll take a while still because they get about a year after hitting 200k before the rebate dries up completely iirc.
It runs damn near everything electrical in the car except portions of the HVAC and the main electric motors. Calling it the starter battery isn't accurate for many reasons, the main one being it doesn't even feed the starter motor for the ICE. The main HV battery and one of the electric motors starts the ICE.
TIL. They must have initially expected (or did in some markets) to sell 24kWh units if they bothered to put it in the 2017 warranty booklet.
Agreed on the Leaf. I'm honestly curious what the challenges were that prevented the 2018 from getting the higher capacity battery and liquid thermal management that is expected in the 2019. 

You'd think you want the press cycle (reviews/articles/videos/etc) about the new gen to be the best they could, not all be published about this weird gap/transitional year car before the real finished product shows up on year 2 of the new gen. People tend do judge products from first impressions, and if they see a new leaf but with worse range than the Model 3/Bolt/Kona, they may mentally write off the Leaf as not meeting their needs.
Yeah. If it's so rural there's no gas, chances that there's a level 3 charging point is abysmally low.
No issues but my routers dns is set to Google's 8.8.8.8 or whatever.
Agreed. Mine has been in a drawer since the 2.0 update. 2.0 is too touch and gesture driven. Takes way more taps and swipes than 1.5 did. Went from being largely hands free to super touch intensive. 

I rooted my phone and got the notification LED to work. Knowing if I have a notification at quick glance is good enough of a substitute to the watch.
Hopefully they improve notifications. I stopped using my 360 sport over how nerfed the notifications are in 2 vs 1.5
The manufacturer's warranty book disagrees with you. 2017 and 2018 still had models with 5yr/60k.

http://juicedcar.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/2016-LEAF-warranty-booklet.pdf

https://owners.nissanusa.com/content/techpub/ManualsAndGuides/LEAF/2017/2017-LEAF-warranty-booklet.pdf

Edit: 2016 and 2017, not 2018. Typo.
The Volt has an oil life monitor (OLM), so it tells you when it needs to be changed based on actual usage and time. As u/psiphre mentioned, a rough estimate would be 7500 gas miles or two years, whichever comes first.

On the 2011/2012, the OLM didn't factor time, only usage, so you had to ensure you changed it at the two year mark if you drove little gas miles. On the 2013+, it factors time and usage, so you just change the oil when prompted.
So the Leaf's warranty is better than GM's warranties on the Bolt/Volt/Spark?

Leaf: 5yr/60k mile (capacity warranty) / 8yr 100k mile (failure/defect only)

GM: 8yr 100k mile (capacity and failure/defect).

GM's looks better to me. There's not a 3 year/40k mile period where capacity isn't covered.
Wait... the 2018 Leaf can't even cool the battery with AC like the first gen could?
Man uses EV in best case scenario.

Man surprised EV used in best case scenario doesn't cause anxiety. Hats off to captain obvious.
The fact they couldn't keep a Casino profitable...
Yeah... so 1/8 chance in simplest terms.
Best bot
Woah there Satan.
Uhh. 5% annual return on $780,000 is $39,000/yr. She's making $52,000/yr.

She'd have to save quite a bit more and not spend any of it to. That or get annual returns in excess of the average.
He'll probably try to find a way to weasel out though. 
I think a tow hook and some kind of emergency kit. 
Must be 4 hours book time (or something close plus shop fees/taxes). I'd wager it takes the tech less than that to do the repair.

I'm very near buying a volt and the service side of it is the only thing that concerns me. I do as much as I can myself, but I know the stuff I can't do probably entails the dealer instead of the rural (and cheap) mechanic shop I usually use.
Waze has it too, and Waze is compatible with AA
That's insane. Doesn't seem like a job that should take  4 hours of labor to replace.
You can always drop down to 10 gauge. Or if a 25' run will reach, her a 12ga 25'.
Only if someone can prove it. And it may come with a lesser punishment than your actual crime...
AC uses less power than heat, but same principle. It can discharge the battery when plugged in, especially on 120v.
Wouldn't surprise me. They are a bunch of shysters. Sales and service both. I wouldn't buy from them even if they were the only car dealer in 500 miles.
Try out Charter. You might be surprised. They're worse than TWC, who was worse than Insight.
They all do it. Charter/Spectrum did it to a family member, went from $45 to $85 over three months. No plan changes, and no promo expiration according to the bill. Just jacked the bill up and refused to negotiate. Had to switch to the only other option, AT&T.

In my experience, WOW is the most likely to negotiate if you threaten to cancel to the right department. They lowered my bill from $56 to $30 for $12 months. It's now at $40 indefinitely since we've been customers for 7 years.
Depends if you have 15 or 20 amp circuits whether you can have other stuff on the same circuit during 12amp charging. 8 amps isn't nothing. That's enough for a newer fridge even.
If I were you, I would be reading my state's lemon law immediately. If nothing else, so you're educated about the requirements if it comes to it. 

My state limits lemon law claims to 24 months after purchase. I had an issue happen once in the first year of the warranty and they couldn't find the cause. It happened again two times in a row and they diagnosed it one of those times as software issue that GM refuses to patch. Had it happened the 2nd and 3rd before 24 months, I would have definitely lemon lawed it (PS - not a Volt).
It's beyond a handful because each time a sensor goes out in the battery (ie - temp), the cell block has to be replaced. GM didn't engineer the sensors to be replaced independent of the cell that houses it. There's plenty of warranty cell block replacements posted on the Volt FB group.

Now, the entire thing at once? That would be handful. There's not been many that failed bad enough to need the entire hv battery replaced.
Here's the fix

https://youtu.be/QnjcsrcHkoM
We have the same, because some systems are ancient mainframes that are character limited to 8
Enjoy your lunch at our city's most illustrious restaurant, BK5.
I'm sure that's why COTA added the Airconnect busses and route.
Have you been to Detroit lately? It's less sketchy than a lot of run down metro areas because it's just... empty. There's hardly any people. My wife grew up rural and is uncomfortable in any hood  areas, but she actually liked Detroit.
2011-2012: 16kwh

2013-2014: 16.5kwh

2015: 17kwh
Condition or history (buyback, accident, etc), age, or mileage to my understanding.

It's the dealer's discretion to include CPO or not on a used vehicle. A couple dealers quoted inventory to a friend with and without the CPO without them even asking.
It didn't the last time they used it either. Hence being on this sub
They're still bickering. This one is new. Outback used the same memo tho.
I worked at one briefly in rural Texas. They most definitely saw eating at the Outback as a premium experience, and many viewed it as slightly international. 

In reality, it's just a crappy chain restaurant with mediocre food and drinks.
The ones in my neck of the woods are always packed too. I worked at one for almost a year, they make everything from scratch in the store. Not microwaved, not showing up in a kit or bottle. Raw ingredients put together to make the food.

The only thing that wasn't was the light ranch. That came in a bottle. All the other dressings were made in the store. I always thought they should have marketed the made from scratch stuff more, very few if any other chains do that much prep in the store.
The Texas Roadhouse I worked at years ago didn't have a microwave. All the other places I worked at always had some food that was microwaved, but not Texas Roadhouse. 

I always thought they did a bad job at marketing... They made everything from scratch daily, even sauces and dressings. That's not typical for a chain, most everything comes in a kit or semi-prepared at most chains.
Nihilist Arby's is the best 
I think it depends on your need/use, as the Model 3/Bolt/Leaf can be a 2nd vehicle in a lot of households as often only one car needs to be able to make long out of town trips.

But yeah. To fully replace all ice vehicles on the road today, range still needs to increase, charging time needs to decrease, and availability of level 3 charging points needs to increase.
Some of us don't want a perpetual monthly payment and keep them for an extended period as a result. My most recent new vehicle purchase was 4/5 paid off until recently totaled by another driver. I had planned to keep it for 10-15 years total, but now am in the market for a used PHEV to replace it.
*can destroy the planet. If you have an effective government, they can regulate appropriately to keep such things from happening.

That said, the US currently has the opposite of an effective government, especially when it comes to environmental protection.
What did the Spark use before LG?
It's supposed to be changed to a liquid thermal management (versus air) solution for 2019. 
I think PA but not 100% sure. He may deliver too, I vaguely remember him offering to drive up to a certain number of miles or arrange shipment if its further.
They also claim you need a permit to replace an existing outlet, switch, or light fixture, all of which is asinine. 
There's a dude selling his silver 2012 with I believe around 106k for $7500 on Facebook. I can PM you his name if you're interested
With her income, several kids, $1400 in rent and a car payment, she was living beyond her means. My take home pay is roughly the same as hers. My condo could house 3 people and I pay around $600/mo for the mortgage and $250 for my car payment. 
It fades noticably further than other local stations. We make trips to Dayton area regularly and out of state in multiple directions, you lose all other Columbus stations well before WNCI finally loses reception.
Private equity firms have a lot to do with it. They bought out Clearchannel (iheart's old name), loaded it up with debt to pay the private equity management fees, and laid off tons of employees and centralized a lot of functions so the company could "afford" the debt payments.
Yes, but how would a person know the compartment is more or less airtight? Or at least enough so to suffocate something to death? Size doesn't matter if it doesn't seal and enough air can pass in and out. That's why you wouldn't die in the average car trunk (that's not overheating in the sun), the vast majority aren't air tight and there's likely enough air leakage/flow to keep you alive.

Is the average person really going to be able to look at a compartment and determine it's ability for air to enter or exit? Clearly this dog owner didn't or she would have gone beyond arguing with the stewardess and absolutely refused.
2013 and 2015 got the slightly larger batteries.

Bluetooth music streaming was added to the 2013 along with hold mode. 

2011 didn't have buttons on the exterior door handles to unlock (with fob present). Those were added in 2012.

Siri eyes free was added in 2014. You can hold down the voice command button on the steering wheel and get Siri or the google assistant. I use it for handsfree texting.
Sounds like a pretty lame corporate-speak excuse. If that's truly the cause, how do you explain similar rates not occurring on competing airlines?
One of many reasons.
The average passenger isn't an expert in airplane design and operation, and isn't going to know the overhead bin could cause asphyxiation (I'm assuming that's how it died). They're going to believe the employee who has had many hours of training and has read/signed countless policies, procedures, and safety regulations knows what they are talking about.

It's not like the United employee said something obviously deadly like "hey let's strap it to the outside of the plane, it'll be fine".
100% fake, probably part of some ad.
$20 in the states is often enough for 10 gallons which lasts me 2 weeks. Mostly because my car gets over 40mpg
Engine is still 5/60k. And not all of the engine, certain parts only. Some is only covered under bumper to bumper (fuel, electrical, spark, sensors, etc).
I asked for that on 2 of our original 4 lines, multiple times they said they applied it. Never did, they got binge on and 20gb cap. I gave up eventually. 

Now that tethering is always deprioritized, it's rare I run any significant data through it anyway.
Nope. Just no. Good luck.
I noticed he's barely got any blanket and she's got a ton. Significant others are such blanket hogs haha
Roaming. I covered audio/lighting for multiple stages in the expo hall and convention center. Pretty fun gig and tons of great people watching. Craziest thing I saw was a smallish middle age asian lady lift 3x her body weight, and jump rope kids/teens which was actually acrobatics/gymnastics while in a jump rope. Absolutely insane.
They can ticket him if he's parked illegally or if he leaves it running unattended. That's verboten in Columbus.
Meh. I have to get a few annually. They aren't bad unless you're overly claustrophobic. Even then it's open on both ends. 
I feel like most places it's a ticket, not an arrest if you don't comply. I'm surprised he would pull out handcuffs instead of the citation book for this.

Edit: for everyone downvoting, just looked it up, in my state the first violation isn't even a ticket, its a written warning from the department of health. It's only on the second violation that a CIVIL fine (not criminal) can be imposed. 
I've been curious what impact Fran Shammo (former Verizon CFO who said no one wants unlimited/not profitable/not happening) leaving had on Verizon jumping back into the unlimited pool.

Fran left end of 2016 and Verizon had an unlimited plan back on Feb 13, 2017.
Cut your losses and switch. It's not going to get better if it hasn't for 3 years. If you want to take them to court, go for it. You're going to be fighting an uphill battle. 

Remember, you have to prove they broke a law or agreement, and then prove that violation caused you damages. You weren't in a long term contract, you were able to leave at any time so I have a hard time seeing you get anything beyond one month's fees and maybe any sim fees you spent trying to fix the issue.
Yep, that's definitely The Arnold Classic. I worked it, wish I would have seen them filming haha.
My condo cost less. Holy hell.
I'm partial to Penn Station. Their fries are damn good, as is the chicken teriyaki, pizza, Italian, Reuben, and club. Only thing that beats it in my opinion is Sandman's cheesesteak.
They buy a car, which is pretty much a necessity if you choose to live in a rural area.
Not in the first gen, no.
That's just poor planning. Nothing is going to get serious attendance in Columbus during an OSU game.
And also corporate...
Yep. Which is why I quit buying devices from the carriers. Their logistics capabilities aren't the best and their policies aren't flexible enough to solve common problems, leaving the customer out in the cold.
We had the same problem at the Pearl, but just noise, not specifically music. The food and service was great, but we couldn't hear each other on a regular old weeknight. That small of a space that tightly packed needs more sound deadening. 
It's one in the same. In addition to the transmitter for the buttons on the fob, the keyfob also has a constant low power RF transmitter. The car sits there and listens for a signal from the keyfob. When it receives a signal, the buttons on the door handles or hatch are activated.

Replacing the battery would eliminate a potential cheap problem, but it's hard to say if that's really the issue if you're not having issues turning the car on via the power button inside. It uses the same tech as the door handles/hatch does.
Best I've found is Kingys in canal or Smokey Bones. The latter is partially because I'm a sucker for anything with bbq sauce on it.
Yes.
Breaker locks are actually required for a lot of things like life safety systems (fire alarm, fire suppression, etc)

I believe the breaker can actually trip if there's a fault still, this just keeps them from being manually switched off.
She's looking at Chris Pine. There's gifs/videos of both of them in one shot during this interview easily available (in this thread and elsewhere online).
#TURN ON YOUR HEARING AID GRAMPS.
We paid $750 each for an upcoming trip to London on Delta. Booked far in advance.
It doesn't have to be. We're looking at $2000-2500 per person for a group of 4 for a 2 week trip to England. You just have to plan far enough ahead and be smart when booking hotels and airfare.

If we cut all the expenses in half except airfare(one week), its roughly $1500 per person.
Not if you honor the obligations of the borrower in the agreement.

You can honor every single thing your employer asks of you and still be kicked out on the curb the next day. In many places, legally, employers have no obligation to keep employing you.
Not really. I can terminate my employment anytime, and they can do the same to me. 

I can't write a letter to my bank and terminate my loan or mortgage for convenience, I still have an outstanding written obligation to pay. One is locked in, the other could change or end at any time.
Right. You keep getting it, vs getting a lump sum at one time from the sale of something.
Roy Moore approves
That could be covered in a pro-tip of "don't burn bridges". 

If you've done everything you can to address the issue and management won't take you seriously, it's time to look elsewhere. If you get to that point, few people are going to want to work there again because clearly the company/management doesn't value their employees or address clear issues.
You will become the black sheep in management's eyes. You strong-armed them. There's a hell of a lot of petty managers who will not soon forget.
That's not equivalent. A sale is a one-time thing. Working and your salary is ongoing. 

You can make a hostile negotiation work with a house sale because (for the most part), after the closing you walk away and never have anything to do with that party or the property again. In a job, you're going to need an ongoing healthy relationship to avoid stress and remain employed. 

As others have noted, you could accept a counter and be fired in the short term after that. In many places, they aren't required to have a reason to fire you. They could just up and decide they don't need you, don't want to pay someone that much, could split your job up between people, outsource, or could replace you with someone younger or cheaper.

Counter-offers can work when your management is supporting you on it, but you can't count on that. I had a friend who started at low pay because the company was taking a chance on him. He had practical skills, but no experience. In no time, he was running circles around the people with degrees and years of experience. He couldn't get a raise to a salary equal to the work he was doing because the company policy/culture was such that you could only be eligible for 2% increases annually, and even with a job title change, 5% cap. His management flat out told him to go get a counter-offer. When the area VP got wind he had submitted a counter-offer he flipped and made HR give him more than the other offer because he didn't want to lose him.

It can work, but it's the exception, not the norm. Most managers negotiate counter-offers from a position of weakness, and later take action that makes them feel back in control.
Nice try NRA
Wheel locks might deter them to target a different car instead, but they may also be able to break the wheel locks or otherwise remove them. I've got a set on both my cars just in case.
Probably only need comprehensive, not collision or "full" coverage.
How would you suggest someone "move on" with no driver's license? Sounds like a whole lot less moving.
Look up Steve Lehto, he's an automotive attorney in MI. He used to write columns on sites like Jalopnik, and does or did record podcasts. 

He has responded to general inquiries I've sent to him before, so if you can explain the situation and your question clearly and concisely in an email, he might just give you some idea if you have recourse or not under some portion of state or federal law.
It's up to $12 now
Because even pints of Ben and Jerry's can be had as low as $3, not $12. 
Might as well change that to unpaid while we're at it.
Yeah overall we weren't happy with Sams, so we switched to Costco. I had pushed to get Costco in the first place but the wife was insistent we get Sam's instead. 

She did admit recently that Costco is better and I was right haha.
I tried it at Sam's club once. Was kinda nice, avoided lines, grabbed what I needed and walked straight out. I wouldn't bother for a large order, but nice for a quick trip for a few things.
It can be hit or miss. We've gotten quite a few things cheap from Warehouse deals, but also ordered a "like new" air fryer that was packed extremely poorly and was damaged. The part that catches any boiling hot liquids would unexpectedly fall off spilling those liquids everywhere. We we're fortunate we didn't get burned, it got returned after the first use.
To avoid having to incur the costs of processing a customer return. Most retailers pricematch themselves if you are still in the return period.
The original post was edited, u/iheartmykitten could have mentioned Carvana by accident.
CPO warranty?

I found out the hard way recently with another GM vehicle that support systems like spark/fuel aren't covered under the powertrain warranty.
A movie he filmed here 2 years ago or the sports fest he has here annually. 

Source: have lived in Columbus for 20 years and work the Arnold classic sports fest every year.
Yep. Pic happened, but the story attached to it is fake. The pic is old enough the building behind him has been completely remodeled.
It's fake, this is a convention center where his annual sports fest is held, not a hotel. Story is 100% made up.

Source: live here and work this festival every year.
It's fake. This is the Columbus Convention Center where the annual Arnold classic sports fest is held, not a hotel.
That's not a hotel, never has been. I work the Arnold every year, that's the convention center on High St in Columbus. The color of the building and font of the entrance sign is a dead giveaway. 

The statue was in front of the veterans memorial, and was moved in the past few years to the convention center. I would put a street view link in but the current street view is post remodel, and the pic above is pre-remodel.
Yep, that's the Greater Columbus Convention Center, and is definitely not a hotel.
It's rarely a thing anymore, and when they are offered half the time the bereavement fare is more expensive than a normal one.
I'm 6'6", the only way I've managed with the sedans I've had is with the rear seat folded down and my legs in the trunk. Still not comfortable or fun but lived with it for a night or two
Until I found someone to join my plan (family member), I slapped mine into an old cheap phone and used it for GPS/music in the car instead of eating up my phone's battery.
Did they end up having this deal at Costco?
He practically used the lyrics from naked gun. Holy shit I'm dying
Just curious: what made you choose HID over LED?

I did HIDs in a car 10 years ago but if I did it again, I would probably try out LED bulbs first. That said, I do like the 5500k color temp. Above that gets too blue.
If they brought back the old notifications as an option and changed the confirmation back to the timer around a cancel button (instead of requiring a tap), I'd be happy enough to live with the rest of the stuff on 2.x I don't like.

For now I just rooted my N6 to get a working notification LED and use the Google assistant on my phone via Bluetooth activation in my car instead. That replaced most of my use of my 360 sport.
For my use (notification review, texts, and handsfree driving) 2.0 is worse in every way. Every single action takes way more taps/gestures/swipes, and none of it is intuitive. If I could flash back to 1.6 I would.

I went from loving my 360 Sport to never wearing it. It's been in a drawer since September.
This. Wear 1.x was so much better for notifications. The info presented and the GUI to interact with are so poor on 2.x I haven't worn mine since it updated
Huawei stole from T-Mobile too. They're a shit company and both the issues with the Nexus 6P and how they handled it alone demonstrate it.
This is the insurance industry in a nutshell
Probably trying to escape the leash. Doggo probably isn't used to being on one.
Can you give a source for it not having CA?

T-Mobile took the time to put out a press release saying it supported all of their deployed LTE advanced technologies, and I can't find anything saying it doesn't have CA.

Honestly just curious as an interested buyer.

https://newsroom.t-mobile.com/news-and-blogs/lg-v30-at-t-mobile.htm
Hotspot is still deprioritized though. In a congested area your phone data may work fine, but hotspot will be unusable.

It pisses me off because if I'm paying for 10gb of data and hotspot is advertised as included, it shouldn't matter how I use it. All I want is once in a while to VPN into work and check emails and whatnot. Barely takes any data but you need a working connection.
This is one of the buildings they took the glass from so they could build the Apple headquarters.
I'm the same way. Multiple alarms, google calendar appointments, and phone notifications/reminders are the only way I actually manage to get to appointments.

I went from missing a ton of crap to never missing anything just by developing a system that worked for me and forcing myself to do it. As soon as I have an appointment of any kind made, it goes on multiple calendars and multiple notifications are set. I even set a notification for the night before, which when that pops up I set an alarm too. I set it up on my work and personal calendar so I get double notified.

You just have to try different things until you find a system that works for you, and force yourself to stick to it.
Because its probably illegal, and is definitely a breach of contract.
Same. Denied the claim completely. Was too young and stupid to know to get a lawyer when the policy said explicitly what happened was a covered claim, yet they wouldn't cover any damages.

We immediately dumped them though, so no more revenue from us. Fuck Allstate.
I'm going to side with the majority of countries that are making it work while also not running a trillion dollar deficit annually.

Meanwhile we cant manage to do either of those things.
Same. The one nearby kicks out good pizza. It's not my favorite, but it's still good. One of the bbq ones is damn tasty.
USA. We totally don't need single payer here... /s
They're good, but yannis is better. I hit King Gyro when I don't want to drive all the way up to Westerville
Don't knock it till you try it. It's damn good.
This. It's easier to just not buy a 2011 if that feature matters to you. It's one of the main things I want, so not even looking at 2011s.
There's a simple fix out there for the drive button
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnjcsrcHkoM

That's gen 1. Gen 2 has a revised transmission which can feed engine power differently.
Fuel maintenance and engine maintenance are not the same thing. Fuel maintenance is based on the age of the gas in the tank. Engine maintenance is the gas engine hasn't run long enough to hit certain parameters in your normal use.
8yr/100k is Voltec components only (battery, inverter, electric motors, etc). If it was first sold in a CARB state, it's likely to be 8yr/150k.

Powertrain warranty (for the gas engine) for gen 1 is 5yr/100k, and doesn't include support systems like fuel, spark, sensors, etc. Gen 2 (2016+) is 5yr/60k.
My mom uses this firm in Gahanna. They were half the price of the independent CPA she used before them. 

Blankenbecler Advisors
501 Morrison Rd # 201, Gahanna, OH 43230
(614) 475-7560

https://goo.gl/maps/ss79GvaBMGG2
These days, yeah they are. https://www.amazon.com/Nekteck-Solar-Powered-Garden-Spotlight/dp/B01E6RZZ70
Yeah. Looks like the chain snapped.
I've found the coverage is good. We had Verizon for 18 years, TMobile now for 2. There are tiny gaps out in BFE but if you're driving, you'll be out for less than a minute and then back to normal. I'd recommend it over Verizon if you're saving money. We switched at a great time and our bill is half what we paid Verizon, and we can actually use our phones without fear of overages.
No toast? Son, I am disappoint.
I think they usually separate by size. Some may use weight too, not sure. Anything not just the correct dimensions gets rejected.
Optical character recognition. It's the reason mobile deposits are possible, the equipment in the bank is essentially taking a picture of the check and automatically keying the info in to their system. So they can write an app for your phone that does the same thing.
There's still a lot in the US as well. 

Some large banks like Chase and others have upgraded their ATM hardware across their locations, but others are still plugging away with the old style. 
Yep. Not worth it when gasbuddy and others are free.
The fuel is XM. I know because during the free previews to XM, I'll randomly start getting the weather alerts again.
True, but plenty of dealers don't have any trained volt techs or the necessary gear to work on them. That becomes more of an issue in the sticks. 

In cities, they may all be trained and have the equipment, but some are better than others.
On the gen 2 (2016+), the 100k mi warranty is Voltec components only (battery and high voltage bits mainly). The powertrain warranty ends at 60k. And keep in mind a lot of the support systems to the engine (fuel, spark, electrical, sensors, etc) are only covered by the bumper to bumper warranty.

Hopefully you won't need any of the warranties. Sadly I found out the hard way on my Cruze, which has the same 1.4L engine as the Volt. At 3.5 years/40k miles, started having a misfire. Dealer wouldn't fix it under the powertrain warranty so I ended up fixing the coil pack myself (spring broke - $7 for a new one at NAPA vs $150+ for the entire coil at the dealer plus diag fee and labor). Typical GM, they build a great car but fuck up little stuff that bites you in the ass later. In my case, it was insufficient sealing/water protection for the coils/plugs.
At least it's probably only cosmetic damage. Insurance should take care of you. Just be sure to take it to a reputable shop.
Turbotax can do Rita. At least the desktop version (I switched to that from Taxslayer this year). I did some part-time work in a Rita city and it prepared a RITA return for that $1k I made there throughout the year. Taxes were already withheld, so I didn't owe anything.
Take the surface streets then. If you can't manage to go with the flow of traffic on a highway, don't get on the highway. 
Can't speak to other inaccuracies, but Blacklick is way wrong. The west border stops at/around Reynoldsburg New-Albany road, not inside 270. That's just plain old Columbus (or the far east side as the news seems to call it).
Chase requires multiple data points to reset a password including SMS and account number or debit card number, so they must have already hacked your account number or debit card from somewhere.

Also, as plenty of others have recommended, put port protection on with T-Mobile. 
And as an added bonus, we'll pay both of you zero dollars toward your claims! Thanks for being a valued Allstate customer!
Teaches them to believe their gut and that the "authority" figures may not always be correct.

My school was severely lacking in teachers that helped us think for ourselves. I would have appreciated some teachers like him
Matteo Lane might qualify.
Needs 20 hyphens. NEXT!
Personally I hate marketing, but can attest not every company does this. There's tons of shitty ones, sure, but it's not a guaranteed thing.
My brother worked for the major airline with their hub there. He was a mechanic at that specific airport. Even his luggage got broken into and things damaged/stolen.

You'd think they would avoid employee luggage at least...
And you're not in good hands with Allstate. More like Claim? Denied.

Policy specifically says it's covered? Still denied. You're removing a car from the policy? Ok, we'll double the premiums for the other 2 cars left on.

Fuck Allstate.
And Gordon Food Service.
Not every one. I worked in a bunch over the years, most of them were this way. The surprising chain that wasn't: Texas Roadhouse.

There was one item we didn't make in store - the light ranch dressing.  The prep guys would be there at 10am just to have a days worth of everything ready by open at 4pm.
Someone in another state that doesn't have inspection.

No way the beater I had for 9 years and just sold recently would have passed inspection. Not on day one or year 9. Still drove my ass around town for 9 years just fine. Sucker is 20 years old...
My sister didn't change hers for a couple years. I was visiting and happened to check it. It was much worse than that. The carpet surrounding the furnace changed color when I vacuumed it after changing the filter. Disgusting. 
Sure, but most companies have their own written warranty on top of the implied warranties guaranteed by law. Plus I'm not sure the implied warranty of merchantability time period goes much beyond the initial purchase. If you put something into service without issue, I believe that protection falls off unless you can tie a later issue to a defect present at the time of sale.

Regular warranties you can just point at it and say "it broke" and as long as it happened during the warranty period (and not from neglect/abuse/user damage), they should be repairing or replacing it free of charge. The implied warranties you would have to prove the defect was there from the beginning, not just observe a current fault.
You may be correct, but if you actually read the warranty terms, it specifically says it's a limited warranty covering defects. They say nothing about free replacement once worn. Since hearing that people did this I've checked each set of lifetime pads from various manufacturers and retailers and found the same end result.

The store employees just equally don't understand the lifetime warranties and process requests anyway (or they know but don't want to fight the customer, so they do it anyway).
A lot of stores do this. Some even set a limit (more-so for returns with no receipt).
It's sad it takes that to get honest service in the first place.
Yeah. The fact people actually manage to get free pad replacements just because the original ones have a lifetime warranty against defects amazes me. Pads are a consumable - you expect them to wear down. It's not like when you finish the gallon of milk that a lifetime defect warranty against the milk would get you a free gallon for using it. It would just mean it won't go bad during that time period.
Probably depends on the store. My local O'Reillys exchanged 10 year old rotors that glazed over because I had originally paid extra for the ones with lifetime warranty. And I had bought them originally at a store 1000 miles away.

The new ones were cheaper than the old ones so I actually got money back for having my rotors go bad.
They're probably just as frozen as the streets.
Sure, but nope. Says level 2.

http://imgur.com/G32tKuh
That's the title of this thread.
Sounds like a thinly veiled "fuck your safety, we're not closing"
Wonder if it's the same pair I saw on approach to CMH some time ago. Did a double take once my brain realized what I saw.
Bad bot
That's the magic of https://imgur.com/RNvF1aW
And the are you deaf bot. I cracked up at it's responses.
Yeah. My (large) employer does frequent layoffs, but they don't bullshit us as much either. And usually the mass-layoffs are a way to get rid of dead weight employees or those who are caustic. That or outsourcing work to third parties and/or other countries.
Their product line doesn't change the fact they routinely do layoffs.
Uh, what?
I'm talking about during normal traffic flow, when there's plenty of room to merge yet they are passive and just expect others to speed up or slow down for them, instead of doing so themselves. 

You're 100% correct for heavy traffic.
I'm curious if Whitehall will get better or worse in 20 years, because it's already pretty bad.
I don't think you're taking it the right way. It's not apartments in general that are a concern, it's the concentration/density that is.
I think it's more likely to happen in pockets, not as much entire towns. 

South Westerville, parts of Sawmill, Reynoldsburg, Canal, Grove City, and Busch Blvd area would be my guesses. Busch area is already in a strong decline, but I think it's going to keep going down before it gets better.
Blacklick has quite a large area of expensive homes, it'll probably be fine. The proximity to New Albany doesn't hurt either. 

I agree with Reynoldsburg, and it could happen with Gahanna depending on how well the city government runs. Both of those cities are struggling a bit with tax revenue, which if that keeps up long term, I think they run the risk of their towns turning into unmaintained shitholes. 
Giant eagle closed a few locations nearby in the past year, maybe they sold off store assets for cheap.
I doubt Abbott would sell. It's an active trucking yard.
Wasn't that the Abbott land near cscc?
Powertrain warranty should be 5 years 100k miles, hopefully it will be something covered under that. My 2014 Cruze (with the same engine plus a turbo) started having misfires, turned out to be the ignition coil, which is only covered under the 3yr/36k mile bumper to bumper warranty. Ended up fixing it myself vs paying a crapton to the dealer.
Not if it ran out of fuel first :taps head:
That's a drainage issue with the street. It's normal for it to run into the gutter and then straight into the storm sewer.
There's also chademo EV plug which is more frequent on the Japanese models. The Leaf would be the main example. 
I recall the Facebook Volt group saying to lock and unlock the car with the buttons on the fob. Supposedly that sometimes clears up issues with the keyless RF side of the fob. Don't recall the reason.

I wouldn't fault the 12v battery yet if there's no other electrical gremlins. 

Edit: PS - the owners manual covers what to do if the key doesn't work (with pictures)
That was probably 240v ("level 2") charging. The 8 or 12 amp setting doesn't apply to 240v charging, it defaults to 15A/3.6kw (the vehicle's max) unless the EVSE in question can't provide that much (but most can).
You wouldn't need to plug it in. It has an onboard generator that kicks on when the battery hits the minimum state of charge.
I think /u/bpadair31 is talking about the oblivious people who don't attempt to actively merge and instead just hug the white line all the way until their lane ends. They just assume someone will make space for them instead of adjusting speed to slot in normally. It's a very Ohio thing, I don't see it much elsewhere.
25 mph under the limit too
United. It's the new first class meal service
Czech one two

No flip

Hoodie pants

Gaff gun sux

There, I just summed up the majority of the content on that page. The remaining 5% of the posts are new and interesting, but the rest is cancer.
Incorrect. Many owners do this with no issue. The car is basically a moving electrical generator and power storage unit. This is not very different than putting in a solar array and having it feed a bank of used EV batteries, then having those batteries feed your house. You just need to size everything appropriate and not exceed the safe limits of doing this. 

The Volt while on and with a charged battery will feed power from the HV battery to the 12V battery through the built it inverter. Once the HV battery is at a low SoC, the engine/generator will kick on and off as needed to maintain that low SoC. Or you can put it in mountain mode then back to normal if you want to reduce the number of times the engine starts.
I've heard talk of lifting up the carpet (and perhaps other stuff) in the trunk to expose the Volt's inverter if you do this. Helps it with better ventilation. Other than that you should be fine if you size the inverter, cords, and loads properly. My concern to cover with your electrician friend is grounding. I would want to make sure the container is grounded properly since it isn't going to have normal grid power and grounding installed.
Stelzer isn't much better at evening rush hour. My commute distance got cut in half when our office moved there (10 less miles), but still takes 40 minutes to get home most days.
We've got 8 lines, so 4 at $30 each and 4 at $20 each. Works out to the same $25 per line as metro.

That's not factoring in that 2 of the voice lines are free and 1 mobile internet line is also free. So my actual cost is lower, but that's not fair to include when doing apples to apples.

But yeah, versus only the new plans, Metro is a better value.
Yeah, for small number of lines, its definitely better if you don't need those features.

We've got enough lines on Simple Choice our cost per line is cheaper and we still get other features like turning HD video on and high speed hotspot.
Weird. Even with the latest update to the app, I'm not getting it on my Nexus 6.
Too bad. Probably would have been amusing.
I'll take physical buttons and knobs for all the basic, often used functions (radio, HVAC, etc). The rest can be on a touchscreen. 

Tesla moving everything except the blinkers to a touchscreen is asinine to me. I don't want to use a touchscreen to reaim the vents. You took something simple (a manual control on the vent itself) and made it complicated to the point i have to take my eyes off the road to adjust it. There's a happy medium between a clutter of switches and touchscreen only functions, and they did not hit it. 
From Ohio. Can confirm.
Yeah don't. Columbus, Cincy, and Cleveland all have redeeming qualities. Rural Ohio? Not so much. 
Columbus is a nice modern city. Everything else... personally... eh. Won't catch me living in the other bits.
Strange. I've only had them once (only in that part of town occasionally), I was the only customer (cold day), and it was really fresh and cheesy even after a 20 minute drive back to the office. 
True, but fuel maintenance mode should take care of that.
All tethering is deprioritized by default.  Tmobile made a policy change regarding it in the past year or two. I recall being quite annoyed by it, because we're still on Simple Choice 10gb. My thinking is if I'm paying for 10gb of data and tethering is included as a feature, it should be the same experience as using data on my phone until I exceed 10gb.

Has nothing to do with your plan, etc. You can add One Plus and it's still deprioritized by default. It's just not throttled down to 3g speeds or whatever like the base One plan.
Until they grill their meats instead of steaming them, I can't eat there. Everything ends up either moist, wet, or soggy.
Sandman's has the best cheesesteak. Penn Station is my go to for everything else.
An employer can buy general liability and automotive insurance that covers your agents/employees while they are performing their duties. Uber/Lyft does as an example, but with high deductibles. Jimmy Johns probably just doesn't. I wasn't saying they do, just that it would be less shitty to their employees if they did.
Right, your personal insurance wouldn't but the employer should provide some coverage for anything that happens while you're on the clock.

When you're an independent contractor, sure, you have to provide your own insurance coverage, but a Jimmy Johns worker would be an employee.
The fashion, trains, cars, buildings, furnishings all scream 50s and 60s.
Jimmy Johns is a shit company to their employees. The overly broad non-compete clauses in their employment contracts alone puts them there.
I would guess the brake pedal needs to be adjusted at the dealer. There's a sensor on there for activating the brake lights, turning off cruise, etc. It may be thinking the brake pedal is partially depressed and locking out cruise. 
This. I went to Franklin and couldn't stomach Donatos or Subway, so nights where I needed food between work and class were at that McDonald's. Slow af and never, ever got your order right. Oh and someone would always be feuding, it was a toss up whether it would be the staff or customers that night!
If it's anything like the one built on E Broad about 10 years ago, it'll be shitty from day one (until they close it for a few months then reopen under new management and it's still just as shitty)
It's practically the Prescott Pharmaceuticals Vaxamalgam!

https://imgur.com/bZ0kZKa
There's one planned for Cleveland iirc, but none open yet. Looking at some of the other cities they're in, not sure why they've avoided Ohio. 
We've only gone once and during dinnertime it was dead. I think maybe two other customers the whole time we were there ordering and eating.

I thought their only real difference vs Chipotle was their sauces.
I would guess it's not a Gulfstream, I think they're bigger. Not sure what it is though. Maybe a Cessna Citation Excel.
That seems like overkill.
What does one do to get banned from askreddit?
For me on Chase.com it's social and account number plus phone call, sms, or email.
Plenty of phones with wifi calling can do SMS/mms over WiFi. That's the only way I get by at my work. Even band 12 is spotty in there.
But you'd die so, so happy
Hi I'm Big Bob (   )
Good bot
No rednecks or white trash either since it lists no camo/cut offs/white tees.

Might as well say "rich old people only please"
Be honest, but skeptical. Read everything. Ask questions, especially if you don't understand something. Make sure everything they tell you is in writing. If in doubt, make them show you where in the paperwork it says they'll do XXX. Compare vs other dealers/sellers and don't buy the first thing you look at. Don't tell them your budget, and don't negotiate on the monthly payment. Negotiate on the total. Negotiate on your trade separately from the new car. Know your credit and apply at a bank or two ahead of time so you can understand what kind of rate you could get on your own (the dealer has incentive to pick a bank with a higher rate if that bank gives them a larger finders fee). Multiple applications for the same thing in a 30 day period usually only count as one inquiry on your credit, so applying at multiple banks and the dealer isn't going to wreck your credit score.

Get a trusted mechanic to inspect the vehicle (if used). Don't fall for rush tactics. It's a big decision for most of us, so nothing wrong with taking time away from the dealership to think it over. 

Be ready to walk at any time. There's other sellers and other cars out there. The whole deal needs to work for you and seller, not just the seller. After all, you're the one who has to live with the car and make the payments long-term.

Edit: Beware add-ons in the finance office. Dealer accessories can usually be purchased elsewhere for less and you won't end up paying interest on them for several years. Extended warranties are basically insurance policies, and the vast majority of people are better off putting that money in a savings account in case of an emergency. The warranty company isn't going to sell below their cost, so the average person loses money. Gap insurance through the dealer is often overpriced. Your insurance company probably offers it for less. 
I did the port protection pretty early on and even the overseas rep I got managed. He said I was only the 2nd person who had asked him to add it, but he still managed to implement it.
They probably had your Chase password. SMS isn't an option to reset passwords with Chase like it is with Wells Fargo (which everyone here keeps having issues with)
I tried a password reset with Chase and a SMS message to verify identity wasn't an option. This means the thief likely has your password. The SMS was just additional two factor security that wouldn't have been needed if your password hadn't been breached.
From what I've seen, it's rarely updated. I have a 14 Cruze and GM won't even patch a known Bluetooth bug. If the Bluetooth is actively transmitting or receiving when you turn the car off, the mylink doesn't shut down and it slowly drains the battery until it's dead. It happens if the contacts/texts are downloading, music is playing, or on a phone call.

I wish I had discovered during the lemon law period. Pisses me off they know about it and wont fix it.
Not necessarily. Ownership passes at different points depending on the agreements in place. A lot of shipments have ownership transfer as soon as it's loaded in a truck, even though the seller is the one arranging shipment.

It all depends on the specific scenario. 
Yep
I had the same positive experience with ETC up until the 4WRD. My honest opinion is ETC has been the market leader with the best products for so long they as a company don't have the know-how to handle large scale issues. My other line of work is a purchasing agent for a large company and even with doing that for 10 years, the experience with ETC was by far the worst buying experience I've encountered.

The part I left out was two months after my dealer placed the order with ETC (and the order was fully paid), ETC had the balls to come back and demand a higher price than what we paid. Meanwhile that same week I'm scrambling to completely rework my plot and get rental fixtures because we ordered two months ahead and didn't get the fixtures in time for the facility's first event. I was livid they would ask for that. They wouldn't communicate, were late in shipping our order, were sitting on around $10k of our funds, left me in the lurch as the backbone of my stage lighting was not there in time, and after all that, they had the balls to try to ask for more money two months after the order was placed. That's shitty, unprofessional, and bad business practice. 

In the end, my dealer absorbed the cost increase and paid ETC their ransom because of how much we purchase from them. They had no obligation to do that so I do nothing but sing their praises, and they get all my business if they sell the items I'm buying.
Yeah. I was way too young to know how to protect myself, and when to lawyer up. Sometimes the hard way is how you learn. 

Now I'm a purchasing agent for a large company so I'm the last kind of customer a car salesman wants to get. I know all the tactics, exactly where they hide stuff, and how to call them out when they start BS'ing. The pressure tactics doesn't work on me.
*depleting
They're one of the worst dealers I've ever been to. Fuckers replaced an odometer at their dealer, then later when the car was traded in and put out on the lot, they claimed the odometer was original.

I found a hidden sticker saying the odometer had been replaced but when I called it out to the sales associate, he claimed it was nothing and put on the Ohio odometer statement it was original. 

We should have walked but I was young and naive. Car ended up being a giant pile of shit because it had about 60k miles more on it than the odometer said.
Tower McTowerface
Same issue. I reported the coverage issue since data will often time out, never got anywhere. The office park is brand new so it's not somewhere they've covered before because it used to be a field. It's in a metropolitan area very close to a highly developed area so it's not that.

My employer installed a DAS because all carriers were so bad, but they only connected Verizon and ATT. I put in on T-Mobile's real estate site to connect up to the DAS, we'll see if they contact me.
We have 9 of them. I would not recommend them due to reliability. Ours were supposedly the revised versions but two of the three that are used frequently failed in about a year. We don't use the others heavily and I'm worried they're going to fail outside the warranty.

The performance is fine and comparable to a tungsten S4, but if I were to purchase again, I would go for a different unit. Probably the Chauvet Ovation units.

ETC was also shitty during the stop sale and dicked us around for 6 months after ordering. Nothing like having spent around $10k and not getting what you ordered for 6 months meanwhile your remodeled facility opened 5 months earlier. They put us in a huge pinch and refused to communicate or provide info when we called. They tried to dump us on our dealer for info, and they wouldn't tell our dealer anything either. I went from completely onboard with ETC to being reluctant to ever buy from them again because of the 4WRD.
In all honesty, I have a Cruze currently, but it's damn near the same thing in dimensions and whatnot. I'm Volt shopping and just looking for the right gen 1 and the right time. Neither headroom or legroom in the front of the Cruze have been an issue for me, but I'm more legs than torso. 

I'm interested to see if the Volt's manual seat has enough adjustment (ie - lower seat tilt). The Cruze's seat is power, one of the few major differences as far as fit/comfort.
A few years of that for me and I'd have enough saved to quit and freelance for most of my income, which I would much rather do. 
I use my quick charger with a 10ft cable and put it in the fridge. Gets uncomfortably hot otherwise. Stays around 60-80 F in the fridge.
Why do that when you can just get suckers to buy the new model every year or two?
Don't assume they're making 30% markup. I know for certain the dealer lost money on my new car purchase. They had 3 manual transmission models that had been sitting for a while. Also it was the end of the month and probably close but not over their quota from the manufacturer (which nets the dealer a large bonus... Usually the difference between making or losing money that month after expenses).
Interest on loans go to the bank, not the dealer. At best the bank provides a small incentive at the inception of the loan to get the dealer to use them vs hundreds of other banks.
Same. I'm 6'6" and the max is 3 adults and one dog. Once in a great while  I end up with 4 people for a quick in-town trip and I end up driving with my knees in the dash.
Why not keep it for an electric snek?
I'm tall and can't get comfortable in normal theater seats, so we go near exclusively to Crosswoods since I won't be in pain and squirming around by the end.
Still there on E Broad
We had Verizon for 18 years and switched about two years ago. Very happy. We get way more for the money vs Verizon. The free data/text roaming is nice, and TMobile Tuesday giveaways are occasionally something good. 

The coverage is good. It's not exactly the same, but it works, and often is faster. Out in the sticks (like super rural areas between canal and Lancaster) you can find small gaps in coverage but those have been getting filled in as they deploy band 12. They're also adding a whole nother layer of network in the 600mhz band, but that's in progress and only a handful of the newest phones support it today.

If you're keeping your existing phone, it needs to be a iphone 6s or newer, or if it's an Android, support LTE Bands 2, 4, and 12.
Speeding tickets definitely have points.
Good bot
If you're out east, Bullet Ranch on E Broad near Pataskaka is nice, but indoor. My brother usually goes to Brair Rabbit Sporting's outdoor range which is further east near Zanesville.
Yeah, but shouldn't be going dead on a 2017.

Shift to park then no movement has been popping up on gen 2s. There was a guy in my neck of the woods that had it happen in the first couple days of ownership, dealer also had trouble figuring it out. I think it might have ended up lemon lawed.
Can you get a estimate of damages from a body shop and take the dealer to small claims court (assuming that's a thing in Canada)?
How? Honest question. The sensors were usually around the stop bar, not in the middle of the intersection.
Doesnt mean every employee flight would be on it. My employer runs a small corporate plane to different sites but we still fly commercial regularly too.
We investigated ourselves and found no issues!
It's definitely us vs them mentality.
Please cite the codification where favoring traffic is currently prohibited. 

PS; You won't find it. It doesn't exist. The rules Pai repealed were the first to in any way limit that type of activity.

Hell, they can flat out block certain sites or groups of sites until you subscribe to a certain internet package with access to that. That's literally how you buy internet in Portugal, which, you guessed it, has no net neutrality laws or regulations. https://i.imgur.com/Y1ozObg.jpg
You're misinformed. Title 1 does not forbid favoring traffic. 

Here's a small list of the various anti-competitive behavior that occurred during the title 1 days:

Verizon blocked Nexus 6 & 7 devices from using their network

Verizon and others blocked blocked Google Wallet in favor of their ISIS app

Verizon blocked tethering unless you paid them more money to use the data you already paid for

Verizon blocked abortion rights group NARAL Pro-Choice America from doing a text to give campaign

Verizon blocked certain apps from Google Play

AT&T blocked facetime

AT&T throttled unlimited users after 2.5gb used (to get them to move to more expensive tiered data plans)

Comcast blocked p2p/Bittorrent

Comcast allowed peering connections to become oversaturated and refused to fix them until Netflix paid them money

Comcast allowed their streaming service to go around the usage caps, but did not allow that for any other streaming service

Mulitple ISPs have at one point or another blocked or restricted VPNs.

Madison River Communications blocked VoiP competitors to force customers to use their VoiP service.

There's more, that's just what I was able to round up with a few minutes of research.


Looks like he almost came to a stop before the trampoline. All that running just to slow down at the key moment.
Exactly. How the hell is one person supposed to stand up legally to an ISP worth billions? We can't even take them to court if they fuck up, most require binding arbitration. 
I don't want anyone "in charge" of the internet. But saying "hey, you can't play games with certain traffic over other traffic" is better than saying "hey ISP, it's the wild, wild west. Do whatever the hell you want, including charging either content providers or your end users more to speed up that data vs other data".

Even with the rules in place, no one is "in charge" of the internet. If all the ISPs behave and don't mess with traffic, then the government will do absolutely nothing, which is the best solution.
They did under Wheeler. I filed FCC complaints against AT&T and magically the issue that their customer service and supervisors couldn't fix got taken care of immediately. I have zero expectation that would happen now under Pai.

I would agree with you on the government if we had sufficient competition. We don't. These companies know that and find every way possible to fuck us on price, service, etc.

And if you think there haven't been net neutrality violations already, you're wrong. If you want proof, I'll go dig up all the ones that happened before the 2015 rules were passed.
Yeah. Their service department is infuriating to work with. One example: One time the replaced the cabin air filter and didn't bother to properly reinstall the glove box. Everything in it dumped out the first time it was opened. I went back and they wanted me to go to the parts counter and buy the stops myself even though I had just picked it up that day, and the service ticket showed they replaced the air filter. Fuckers.
Fuck Dick Masheter. Sold my family a car with a replaced odometer. They did the replacement in the service department for the prior owner. I saw some evidence of it and called it out to the salesman who dismissed me. I was too young (and not the buyer) to know to push back or walk away. 

Did they disclose it on the title or odometer statement? Nope!
It's doing to be a while before this is needed or even feasible. It's easy to forget the average age of a registered vehicle is 11-12 years old. With how many new cars are sold each year, that shows there's a lot of vehicles pushing 15-20 or more years on the road. 

People aren't going to dump their current cars in mass, and even if they do, in order for the current owner to sell it, there has to be a buyer. If "everyone" is only buying automated cars, who is going to buy the old ones? And the cost to "convert" a used car isn't going to be cost effective for the vast majority of cars on the road (assuming it's even possible to retrofit). You're talking thousands of dollars in labor alone, plus thousands for all the new and replacement parts.

The target cost per mile for automated (non-owned) cars is $1/mile right now. It's higher than that right now, that's what they're wanting to get it to. 

I have a short commute at 10 miles, but $1/mi would easily send my transportation budget through the roof. Hell, if I paid that for my newest car, I would have paid over $40,000 to date. My actual costs have been about half that, and I own an asset as a result. I could sell it and recover some of the cost.
This. People forget to factor in fleet age. 
Unlikely. The average age of cars on the road today is 11 years. So 100% of cars sold today would have to be automated to support timelines like that.
What a bunch of garbage. They all know the FTC doesn't have the resources to go after telecom agencies, which is exactly why they are "pleased". In reality, they've "pleased" the telecom industry, which will kindly bless them with cash.
Yeah, I'm due for that soon. It happened once before and cancellations put me on that tier with a 1 year contract.
$30. I was a customer already, called to cancel if they didn't offer me something. Had to sign a contract for a year but I've had them for around 7 years, so didn't mind that.

I think they're doing $40/mo for 100mbps for new customers right now with a contract.
No. If you paid $7000 in withholdings, and before the EV credit owed $8000 in taxes, you would get back $6500.
The 19 is rumored to get a mid-cycle refresh, but that just means minor tweaks, usually to styling. I wouldn't let that stop me from buying a 18, unless you're not ready to buy in general.
Don't assume they're plate readers. They may be, but they are also used as vision systems for traffic lights. Instead of in ground sensors, they can slap a camera up that tells the light when to change.
This. I'm on one of the lowest tiers (30/5, which was a free bump from 15/1), and I can stream 4k content just fine. I have no need for more. If I had a hoard of children, maybe would need 50 Mbps.
$30 30/5mbps

That's it.
Have you talked to them about service expansion? 30 ft shouldn't entail much capital costs 
Cleaning it can do the same. I've got a broken wire in one car from windexing the inside.
There's a dude on YouTube and Facebook that shows how to retrofit a heated wheel to a gen 1. I may do it once I get a volt.
That or coolant temp. The higher the fan, the more heat gets blown out of the coolant. Erdtt may end once the coolant reaches a certain temp.
Better off putting the money in a savings account
Agreed. E Broad sucks ass, meanwhile Main (Reynoldsburg) is fine, side and rural roads in Jefferson township are fine, etc. 

When I worked on the north side, Schrock sucked ass. It was always super deep which is stupid for a 5 lane road with 2 bike lanes. There should at least be one clear lane each way...
I made between $8 to $15 an hour with tips. I would guess $12/hr was my average. Working busy shifts, weekends, and at a restaurant that sold alcohol helps. 

The first place I worked had to start putting credit card tips in your weekly paycheck. They offered benefits to the full time employees, and with the withholding for benefits and taxes, some people were getting their weekly paycheck for "$VOID" because the $2.13/hr wasn't enough to cover those withholdings.
And the only one that's sold in any decent quantity in the US.

They had their chance to prove themselves and it didn't go well for many owners. 
You can. I purchased my last two phones from the manufacturer and have used them on multiple carriers.
That's one way to get your pet to goosestep!
That's the name of those religious mini-pamphlets that people leave. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tract_(literature)
Nope. Around 2005. tipped minimum wage in the US is $2.13/hr unless your state has set a higher one.
Agreed. I do it with some very close friends, but that's it. There's no way I'd let a stranger on, they could jack the bill up with roaming or international calls, or just stop paying. I'd be screwed if that happened since 3 of my lines are free from the add a line promos, kicking someone off the plan could potentially remove all those discounts.
Wasn't that pretty much what happened to Polaris Amphitheater as well?
The ones in my neck of the woods seem to give your table to the next party if you're not there on time. You can still get a table, but you may wait so they can accommodate the people who did arrive on time.  

I don't blame them, they're in the selling food business, not the renting table space by the hour business.
Yep! I'm a Christian and can say with full honesty working Sundays was the worst. Church people were rude, demanding, and bad tippers. 

And then you had the people pulling the tract crap instead of a tip. Didn't happen often, but was always infuriating. $2.13/hr wage, 3% of gross daily sales gets taken by the restaurant for tipshare, and then customers pull that crap. One, I can't pay my tuition with a tract, and two, since there's tipshare, you just cost me money. Literally taking money out of my pocket by eating there.
I did this occasionally as a server, but only because I'm 6'6" and some of the tables were pretty low.
This happened at an upscale restaurant for my wife's birthday. The sous chef came out and told us it might be delayed/apologized. Then when it came after the meal, the head chef came out and apologized. They accidentally gave us two orders of it to go, and the head chef gave us both free deserts. Not complaining...
Illuminati confirmed.
Only if you already owned vacant, suitable land.
We have TMobile which is the same as metro. We're happy with coverage and speeds. We switched from Verizon two years ago.
This. I'm not a speeder but I've never been a fan of traffic police. They should focus on dangerous behavior. Going 10 over the limit on a deserted rural road in clear weather isn't dangerous. Driving at night with no lights on, burnt out lights, tailgating, improper turns, merges, and lane changes, etc are dangerous.
This. I recycled a bunch of old UPS and alarm lead acid batteries and got $20-25
Yeah I've seen people jaywalk 0.1 mile from that giant crosswalk. Seems pretty moronic crossing that road unsafely with the size and speed of it.
Wonder why not just hire someone to manage it. Must not have been doing that well.
Do you have an insurance agent? I was thinking more something along the lines of an assessor (like when they value your house) or an insurance adjuster. I don't know off the top of my head how to find one. I'm sure they exist. Perhaps some poking around on google might point you in the right direction for your area.

If the damage was mechanical, I might push for them to do more. But this is cosmetic and won't have lasting effects on the operation/function of the car. To your point, it could have diminished value, doesn't hurt to pursue a claim for that against the trucking company's insurance. 
Or it being $30k like some people feared. The defect rate is ridiculously low, 2 cells per million. Iirc, people who have had entire cell blocks replaced have paid roughly $2-3k with labor, not $30k.
I think we're all agreeing, but talking about different parts.

First. 99% of cars should use the fuel recommended in the manual. That's a constant/given. The Volt is the oddball, and that's only because the premium recommendation was for storage stability, not because the engine or compression ratio demanded it. And yes, incomplete combustion does produce carbon which can build up. But if the fuel has sufficient detergents, it should keep the carbon from building up even if combustion isn't perfect. Neither of us are saying buy the wrong grade of fuel for a car, we're saying top-tier is going to do more to keep deposits away than putting premium in an engine that doesn't need premium.

Edit: removed a word
A lot of them actually say on the info sticker what voltages they accept (ie - 100-240v). I haven't been hands on with the gen 2 EVSE, so if it doesn't say that, someone must have just compared it to the European model and figured out it's the same exact unit.

There's a hack for some of the gen 1 EVSEs to be used with 240v, but it requires soldering. 
This is more like Volt 2.5. It's a mid-cycle refresh, not a complete redesign. 

All rumors point to this being the last gen of the Volt. GM has promised to bring a lot of full EV models to the market in the next couple years. I'm curious if they will continue having separate models (ie: Bolt/Volt), or if they will just put EV powertrains as standard or optional in existing models when they redesign.
Yep. He posted a Youtube video at a bit over 400k and said all he's replaced (excluding collision damage) is the electric motor's bearing cage, one computer module, and a couple sets of wheel bearings. 

Edit: and no range loss. None.
If it's advertised by a GM dealer as CPO, the price includes the cost of the CPO warranty. 

Most dealers will take the cost out of the price if you ask for the CPO warranty to be removed. Some even quote it both ways initially when you work on the numbers.
More and more electronic devices these days are being built to accept 110-240 volts. I think the internal power supplies that can accept anything in that range are getting cheap enough that it's more cost effective to put in one of those in vs the costs of designing/building/selling/supporting different models by voltage.

But it's never safe to assume the device can accept any voltage, you should always verify first. 
The only reason to run a fuel additive is if low grade gas was used. That leads to carbon buildup more than the octane. 

If you're going to use a fuel additive, the only one that isn't snake oil is Chevron Techron Concentrate Plus Fuel System Cleaner. It's the "generic"  (and cheaper) version of what GM sells and recommends (GM Fuel System Treatment Plus) in some or all of the owners manuals (in the section talking about fuel).
Correct. If you use gas often, I'm sure regular is fine. If you're not filling up for months, probably worth getting premium. 

The engineers already took steps to help preserve the gas (stainless steel tank, pressurizing the entire system to keep air out, etc), but nothing is perfect.
This. Carbon buildup has more to do with the quality of fuel and detergent level in the fuel. If someone is worried about carbon buildup, they should always buy Top Tier fuel, not premium. The octane doesn't have anywhere near as much to do with the carbon buildup as the detergents do.
The Volt's compression ratio isn't high enough to need premium. It has 10.5:1 and the Cruze with the same engine (plus a turbo pushing up to 16PSI) has 10:1. The Cruze takes regular octane fuel.

I'm pretty sure the engineers of the first gen Volt came out at one point and said premium had better long term stability so they recommended it so it wouldn't age in the tank as quickly. I don't think the aging of the fuel was as bad as they thought since they went to regular fuel recommended in the 2016+
These are the differences I'm aware of:

2012: got exterior keyless entry buttons (can't believe the 2011 didn't have that)

2013: Bigger battery, hold mode, bluetooth music streaming

2014: Siri eyes free added. You can hold the voice prompt button and instead of getting the mylink voice system, you get siri. I believe it also works with the Google Assistant or Google Now (it does in the Cruze, haven't tried it in a 2014 or newer Volt yet)

2015: Bigger battery again

Edit: added 2014
Then have the work done elsewhere. There's no requirement that a GM dealer do the bodywork.
That's fixable with a new rim and bumper.

I would research if you can get some kind of assessment that would show the diminished value of the car. I would think that could be part of the claim against the semi's insurance. You could talk to a lawyer, but unless you know one personally I don't see that being cost effective. I would think the cost for a lawyer would eat up most of what you would get in diminished value.

An accident that minor shouldn't devalue the car much. I understand how upsetting it would be though for it to be brand new and get damaged like that when not in your possession.

Edit: fixed one word
In that event, I'm sure they'll just give them a cushy advisory role or find them a job as a lobbyist.
With the number of compromised companies that stored full social security numbers in 2017, it absolutely has something to do with security. 

At this point, SSN shouldn't be used solely for verification. If they want to use it with a combination of other data like verification questions or a user pin, that's better. I've got a long port security pin set with T-Mobile but until they remove the SSN verification option, someone only needs the last 4 digits of my SSN to port, order devices, etc.
In this administration, I doubt that would be career destroying. Nothing else has been.

Hell, they'll probably give him some kind of award.
There's a 24/7 stream of it

http://www.taima.tv/r/mxc
Neither did mine. As such, they were undefeated!
Isn't that every day here? 
clang clang
The original point was deer are the most deadly animal. Someone replied and said no way, not even if you include traffic accidents.

Well, they are thanks to traffic accidents. So whomever said they aren't the most deadly animal even with traffic accidents included is incorrect.

Edit: I can't read today apparently. Derp.
Source is CDC data.
Americans don't like minivans. Hell, Ford and GM don't even make one anymore.

But the rest is fairly accurate. But we also probably spend more time each year in our cars than a lot of other places so comfort and size matter to a lot of people. If there was more education and marketing around EVs, I think we'd see higher sales.

I shopped a Volt vs a Cruze in 2014. The Cruze was $16k total for a mid-level trim, the Volt was well over $30k plus taxes and didn't have some of the safety features available. The Cruze has averaged 44mpg and fuel is so cheap near me that the cost per mile is within $0.01 difference. 

TCO for an ice is cheaper for me due to high average mpg, low fuel costs, and despite having a smartmeter installed 7 years ago, no time of use electric rate. Still going to get a used Volt anyway, but for convenience. It's not helping the environment much either because the local plant is 100% coal fired and my Cruze is roughly equivalent in CO2 output per mile last time I calculated it.
Where do you think the gasoline comes from?
The average age of the cars on the road today is 11.6, so yes, many people do own cars older than 10 years. 

Now, that's not covering how long a single owner has it, but for the purposes of this study, who owns it doesn't really matter. Cost is what matters.
Not if you're calculating TCO. If a bev/phev depreciates more than an ice, that loss in value negates some of the fuel savings.

The money you paid upfront or monthly for the car don't magically cease to matter once you've signed the purchase contract. And if you want a car with the cheapest TCO, you have to factor in purchase price and depreciation appropriately.
My condos near broad are usually cleared before broad itself is. Meanwhile Jefferson township manages the nearby main roads just fine. Odot just sucks at clearing E Broad timely for some reason.
Because the law is clear, yet you have determined that your personal preference allows you to ignore the law. That's now how laws work, and keep right laws don't change just because there's snow on the ground.
Don't assume that. I worked for two different temp firms all for the same actual employer. That employer had the specific "temporary" position staffed continuously for over 25 years before they finally converted it to a full headcount. I was there for just over 3, finally gave up and applied, interviewed, and was hired to a similar employee job in another department.
I had a lot of professors do that, which was not per the syllabus or course material. Never knew what you were going to be in for when that's how it starts.
I think the average is closer to 40 miles (total) per day in the US. I recall GM citing that stat as where they aimed for the first gen Volt (which got 38 mile rating from the EPA)
The last stat I saw said about $0.50 a year. That was a couple years ago so even if you figure battery sizes have gone up 50% with bigger phones, that's only $0.75 a year.

Excluding quick charging, most phones only draw about 5w (1A 5V). 
If you're not ready to dive in, a plug in hybrid like the Chevy Volt may be a good place to start. No range anxiety because it has a gas generator and 9 gal fuel tank. I'm looking for used ones now, the prices are pretty reasonable and the cars have been shown capable of lasting (one guy has his 2012 at 418k miles with no range loss).

I have a suspicion that more used EVs will be hitting the market once the Tesla Model 3 starts making deliveries more widely. As much as I want to go buy one today, I'm waiting to see what happens to prices. I think there may be enough people holding onto their current EV until their Model 3 order gets delivered that prices will drop once more and more used ones hit the market.
Bolt is 60kwh. Model 3 is 50 or 75kwh depending on which the owner selects. 2019 Leaf is expected to have a 60kwh battery.

Those 3 are in a class of their own on range, but are also priced accordingly. More battery costs more money.


May not be able to opt out if it's leased or financed. Most financing companies (if not all) put the responsibility on the lessee to carry insurance.
That's not the ice cream machine...
Faster charging for me. I have a Cruze and planning on swapping it for a used Volt sometime this year. The Cruze can do 620 highway miles per tank easily without stopping. And refueling takes about 5 minutes.

I'm ok with a shorter range, but I don't want to be stopping every 90 miles for 30 minutes once the initial charge is gone. That would add several hours each way when we travel for vacation or to see friends/family. 
The ELR wasn't particularly practical, especially for the price. It's not like coupes are in high demand right now, even Honda axed the Accord coupe.

I think they would have been better off fitting it into a small SUV or crossover, which is probably what they are currently doing.
Deductibles can go higher than $500. One of mine has a $1000 deductible and I think there may have been a few options higher than that.
The Volt's engine rpm isn't controlled by the gas pedal(like all ice cars), so the PCM may call for a higher rpm when stopped if necessary. This results in more air going through the engine and out the exhaust.
Yep. Slap a turbo on it and you have the uplevel engine in the Trax, Cruze, and Sonic. They has their issues but overall they're good little engines.
Eh, 7 years is still a normal lifespan. I've had ones last 8 years before having issues. I've also had ones crap out in 3-4 years so it all depends. You're due for it, but it's not surprising one way or the other. 
Yep, that's what most third party warranties are: insurance. You buy the "policy" to cover the risk that it might need repairs. 

In most cases, you're better off putting money in emergency savings unless the vehicle or manufacturer is known for being unreliable. Doug Demuro made out on his CarMax warranty on his Range Rover, but the average person buying a Malibu or Camry isn't going to see a benefit.

Hard to say for the Volt. The overall reliability seems high but in typical GM fashion, little stuff dies like temp sensors, coolant pumps, etc. Seems like actual expensive breakdowns are less common. If something major did break, warranty might pay for itself but otherwise the warranty seller is probably going to make a profit off the sale. 
Why not do the temp sensor resistor mod instead?
I'd consider Metro PCS. It's TMobile but single lines are priced cheaper. We switched from Verizon to T-Mobile in December 2015 and are very happy. It's not perfect but it works just fine.

If you are committed to Sprint, consider Boost. It's owned by Sprint and has better one line pricing usually.
What phone do you have? Older ones don't get band 12 so you'll have worse coverage.
WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT
Tree fiddy
I've got some bad news for you...

http://time.com/money/4314399/australia-exporting-canned-air-china/

Why?
Yep. Assistance fee. Sim cards going from free to $25. Charging for a sim kit when there's a sin preinstalled in the device by the manufacturer, etc.
Or vs Simple Choice where everyone had an on/off option for no cost.
"I don't recall"
Your list includes most of it. I would recommend testing the heat, especially with the engine off. There's a couple parts that can fail in the electrical heating system that can cause no heat. I believe the most common one is a coolant pump, but it can be other, more expensive things as well.

While you're at it, might as well test the AC and make sure that works too.
There's 3 warranties on the volt

1. bumper to bumper: 3 years, 36,000 miles

2. Voltec warranty (covers major EV components): 8yr, 100k miles (extended to 150k miles if the car was first sold in a CARB state. Supposedly you can decode the VIN and tell.)

3. Powertrain warranty. Gen 1s got 5 year 100k miles. gen 2s got 5 year 60k miles (GM changed their powertrain warranty across the board). This covers major engine components, but definitely not everything (most electrical components for example are not covered).
These kinds of drivers are why I just bought a dashcam. I don't need other people's stupidity causing something that ends up involving me. The only accident I've had was caused by failure to yield at a red light, but because no witnesses stopped, I got blamed since I hit the other car in the back (after he turned in front of me despite me having a green, and him having a red). Thankfully that was almost 10 years ago and has dropped off.
Because you want certain traits that will fit well with your lifestyle and living arrangements? A husky or any other active would not do well with my wife who is largely sedentary. She realizes that and got a basset because more than anything, they lay around and sleep. 

No point putting yourself into a square peg, round hole situation. Getting a mutt that doesn't mix well with your life isn't good for you or the animal.
There's a few holdouts. There's a small convenience store in a suburban residential neighborhood near me that still has old style pumps, no computer or card reader. Every other station around has new ones, but this little store probably doesnt do enough sales to invest in new ones. The new pumps are pricey. I've seen some sources say up to $17,000 each
I'm not using the extreme case numbers to calculate, you can't bank on getting gas for $1.16/gal every time. That's not realistic. I'm using actual averages. I pay around $2/gal on average. My electric rate with all the variable riders and distribution (excluding the fixed charges) is .13/kwh. I drive on average 20 miles a day, every day. Yes, I average above the 42mpg highway rating for the eco with a manual transmission, probably mostly due to driving style. My overall average has gone down from around 44.6mpg to 43.8mpg over the past year due to my work moving to a new office that is half the distance and more city miles than highway. Even at 40mpg and $2.50/gal, without the electric rates going down, I'm only looking at $140 a year saved.

The only thing that could work in an EVs favor outside my calculation is if my economical driving style gets better than the average miles per kwh. If I can manage 4 miles per kwh with an EV, the cost per mile does start to beat the Cruze.

Anyway, my point was with our area's average electric rates and no time of use option, EVs are less competitive than other areas. I'm hoping this changes, but it doesn't change the fact we don't have a low overnight rate available today.
My ass isn't biking 10-20 miles to work in below zero temps. Fuck that. I'd be sick constantly.
I tried on accident this summer (not realizing we had crossed into NJ from PA). Pump had a weird message saying insert attendant card or something. After a few seconds if being confused I figured out what state we were in and got back in the car and waited several minutes.
I'm waiting for bill credits for the March free line to arrive. Keep having to contact t-force. They supposedly escalated and will follow-up proactively after my next bill kicks out.
This link may be of interest to anyone stopping by this thread in the future. Apple claims to have instructed stores to replace batteries regardless of test results on the iPhone 6 and up.

https://www.macrumors.com/2018/01/02/apple-replaces-iphone-batteries-that-pass-tests/
Apple has now has sent a memo to stores stating the replacement is for anyone, not just people whose phone fail the testing. Hopefully OP's store just hadn't seen the memo yet and was acting only by blissful ignorance, not malice.

https://www.macrumors.com/2018/01/02/apple-replaces-iphone-batteries-that-pass-tests/
Doesn't apply to all 6s units unfortunately, even if they exhibit the symptom. At least the $29 repair does.
1. 20 years

2. Yes, occasionally

3. WBNS. 6 and 28 being Sinclair owned are garbage and solely profit driven. The news is secondary to whatever makes the most money. There's a reason the good reporters, anchors, and weathermen move in one direction: From WSYX/WTTE to WBNS.

4. 

5. Also from the Dispatch occasional, and most world news I get on Reddit.

6. Keep it local, don't run constant hysteria pieces that are 100% fluff ("Your children are in danger of the latest [insert activity] trend! More at 11") and report on things that matter.
Interesting Mount Carmel didn't just buy/renovate the Fort Rapids property. Maybe it's because it's a tower style hotel but other hotels in the area have been converted into long term care facilities and retirement homes. You would think the same would be possible for a psych facility.
Eh, I negotiate purchases for a living so I'm used to painful or difficult discussions around price. Playing hardball like that only works when there's no other suppliers available. I just dislike dishonesty, greed, and playing games which is what you get often with most US ISPs.

Best of luck on whichever you use.
If I used that in the calculation, sure. But I didn't because that's not realistic. $1.16/gal is best case scenario and not easily obtainable. I rattled off all the actual numbers I used, which was $2/gal.

Is everyone going to average that cost? Maybe not, perhaps $2.30 is a more realistic number for someone who buys when they need it and doesn't do anything to get it cheaper. At that price, savings for 20miles a day and .13/kwh is $65 a year (vs a car getting 44mpg, which there's plenty of small sedans that can get in the 40s these days with non-aggressive driving). Sure, you're saving, but with EVs costing a decent bit more than a comparable gas car, you're not going to see overall savings during the lifespan of the car, even if you buy a used EV. 

Again, I'm not arguing against EVs. They have great merits and there are several great options out there. I plan to buy one myself. But it's not a guarantee you'll save significant amounts of money by switching to one. If you switch from a inefficient gas guzzler to an EV, sure, you'll see some decent savings. But if you want to save the most money overall, the return is better on a cheap, used efficient gas car (since the purchase price will be lower than a comparable EV).

My original point was, with the current gas prices and the fact we don't have a time of use option available today, EVs are not as competitive in our market as places where you're paying $0.06/kwh to charge them overnight. I wish we had those rates available today, but we don't. I've been following the PUCO's activity and it sounds like AEP is required to build the infrastructure to allow third parties to offer time of use rates. There's no indication what rates they'll actually charge, but the PUCO has to sign off on the third party offers being sufficient or AEP has to go back to offering their own time of use plans (according to the rulings).

PS - the Kroger card is shared with 4 adults, but I'm the only one who uses the gas points. We usually have $1/off a couple times a year, but I'd say we average closer to $.40 or $.60 cents off a month. 
Curious, are you factoring in the variable (usage based) riders and distribution charges in addition to the generation cost when coming up with the actual electric rates? 

My generation rate too is around $0.075/kwh but with all the other variable charges added in, the actual rate is $.13/kwh. Again, I'm not saying to include any fixed charges, just the riders and distribution charge that is based on usage.
Kroger fuel points and buying up to the 35 gal limit. Got a month's supply of gas for $39.

It's not the Volt. Using actual owner's consumption and mileage data shows the Teslas actually average around 3 miles per kwh which is what the Volt gets on average too. It's my current car getting really high mpg averages, gas prices hovering around $2/gal and no discounted overnight rates that kills cost savings.
They don't own Wendy's thank god. At least one of the 3 fast food burger chains still makes decent quality food.
And worse food/drinks. Tim Horton's attempts to make Boston Creme donuts ends up as a crime against humanity. So bad...
All the BKs I've seen do microwave everything. It seems microwaved because it was.
I'll post up a spreadsheet if you want. I literally would only save $77 over five years by swapping a Cruze for a Volt. I'm probably going to buy a Volt anyway, but not as a means to reduce fuel expenses.

My electric rate with the generation, distribution, and the variable riders/surcharges is $0.13/kwh (not including fixed charges). I usually pay around $2.00/gal for gas, sometimes less (January's gas cost me $1.169/gal). My Cruze averages 44mpg. A Volt averages 3 miles per kwh, not including charging losses. I drive on average 20 miles a day. Do all the math and you get a savings of $15/year.
A similar sized gas car should be able to average 40. My 2014 Cruze to date has averaged 43.8mpg lifetime, and that's with a 60/40 city/highway use.

I've run the numbers between a first gen Volt and the Cruze, it would save $77 in fuel costs over 60 months(5 years). Not per month, total. I like the Volt so I'll probably buy one sometime this year, but it's not going to save me any money. 

The cost per mile of my Cruze for fuel is damn low, especially with low gas prices and the fact I usually get an entire month's worth of gas at $1.50/gal or less after Kroger fuel points. I already have all of the gas I'll use in January on hand, and it ran $1.169/gal or $39 total. That's best case scenario on cheap gas, and beats electric as the Volt would cost $65 for the same miles in electricity, not including charging losses.

Now, if the electric rates were cheap overnight, I'd get closer to $1000 savings over 5 years. That's nothing to sneeze at.
Their one year update being 100% fluff gives me very little hope that the grant money will actually be used in a useful manner. It seems like the only measurable thing they were going to do was some events to promote electric vehicles? Which seems premature because most of the electric providers in the area don't offer cheap overnight rates even though a lot of the area has smart meters.

Until time-of-use electric plans are available again, the cost per mile of an electric vehicle isn't much lower than a similarly sized gas car. And that's coming from someone who wants to buy an EV at some point...
This. I would take public transportation if it was feasible or beneficial. There's no stops nearby, and routes are inconvenient. It would take a 20-25 minute drive and turn it into 27 minutes of walking and 50 minutes of riding (1:17 total). Each way. And that's assuming they're running on time and don't go flying by the stop, which seems to happen more than it should. 

Oh, and it costs double what I pay in gas daily.
Reynoldsburg alone has changed a lot in the last 20 years. We moved here in 1998 and Reynoldsburg had a very good school system at the time. 

Now? It's ok. It's not Columbus schools, but it's not as competitive as it used to be. 
This... It's nice my current residence went up significantly, but we're saving to get something bigger (1000sq ft is a little cramped at times) and the increase in prices means it's going to take even longer before we have enough debt paid off and downpayment saved.
They should teach basics of things like this (contracts, money, budgeting, etc)in high school. Maybe some do, but mine didn't and none of my friends at other schools did either.
And that was the short version... here's the long version from a prior thread about these clowns

[talking to Charter] I politely but firmly said we need to get this down to $45 or I'm calling AT&T to schedule an installation as soon as we get off the phone. That's what they are offering to me as an existing Directv customer. Charter would only come down to $80, so I called AT&T and got the same services for $45, and they knocked $5 off the DirecTV bill for bundling.

The actual call to cancel Charter was comical. The rep kept badmouthing AT&T and giving me lower and lower offers... that were all higher than the $45 rate I told them AT&T was charging me (and they were charging me two months ago). This kept going even though I told her the new service was already installed and theirs was physically disconnected. She only laid off after 5 minutes of that when I said "Maam, I called on XX date to address this with your company and try to stay a customer of Charter. You refused to meet my conditions, so I did exactly what I said I would - I had another provider install service. I gave you a chance to retain my business and you failed. I will sit quietly on the phone until you cancel my services."
I mean, it's fine for the occasional person who uses very little data. But if you stream much or game, it's not going to work. I could make it work for a month or two to qualify for promo rates again, but it would suck long term.
I've had all three. Wow is good. The other two suck in their own ways. 

Att's speeds are low unless you're in the 1% of their service area that has fiber. The prices aren't cheaper to make up for the lower speeds either. 

Charter is expensive and won't renew promos of any kind. They raised the bill of a family member from $45 to $85 with no plan change or promo expiration. Even their cancellation dept refused to go below $80, meanwhile they were only delivering 4-6mbps on a 15mbps plan. I switched them to AT&T for $45 since they can't get wow and $85 is insane for the lowest internet tier and basic phone.
Just ignore they have cell phones in the 1950s...

But seriously, it's a great show. 
At least you have money to pay the electric bill now...
I'll admit my laser distance measurer has been used more as a dog toy than used to measure distances
After that, a laser distance measurer. It's like a tape measure, but with frickin' laser beams!
Watch your charter/spectrum bill too. Without any notification, promo expiration, or plan change, they changed our rate from $45 to $85. Wouldn't negotiate. I strongly dislike AT&T for their lobbying and other practices, but Charter is just as bad, and I found their call center reps even worse.
Except class action suits are banned by their Alternate Dispute Resolution clauses in their terms of service, which you agree to by ordering and using their services.

AT&T was the one who won the supreme court case that allowed those clauses to supersede any right to class action suits under law.
Charter, Verizon, and Comcast are right up there with them. Comcast doesn't win the "most hated company in America" multiple times for nothing.
Charter/Spectrum did this to my mom while only delivering 6mbps on a 15mbps plan. I called to "cancel" and get the price down, they would only drop $5 (after the bill went from a non-promo rate of $45 to $85). 

I flat out said, get this down to $45 or I'm calling AT&T to schedule an installation as soon as we get off the phone. They would only come down to $80, so I called AT&T and got the same services for $45, and they knocked $5 off the DirecTV bill for bundling. 

The actual call to cancel was comical. The rep kept badmouthing AT&T and giving me lower and lower offers... that were all higher than the $45 rate I told them AT&T was charging me. This kept going even though I told her the new service was already installed and theirs was physically disconnected. She only laid off after 5 minutes of that when I said "Maam, I called on XX date to address this with your company and try to stay a customer of Charter. You refused to meet my conditions, so I did exactly what I said I would - I had another provider install service. I gave you a chance to retain my business and you failed. I will sit quietly on the phone until you cancel my services."
DirecTV pulled that crap with a family member. We had a box taken back by an installer when they installed new HD service. Contract showed one receiver added, one removed. A year later I check their bill and see they've been charging $7/mo every month for that box that they have in their possession! I called and politely bitched, talked to a supervisor, etc. All they would do is refund one month.

It wasn't worth the effort to fight it in small claims court, and I used it as a lesson for that family member that they need to check their bills more often.
Yes, yes, we do. I have the cheapest plans of anyone I know, and that's $30/mo for 10gb LTE and $30/mo for 30mbps home internet.

My family and friends all pay closer to $65/mo for each.
I tried this with Charter when they changed our non-promotion rate of $45 for 15mbps and basic home phone to $85. They would only drop $5 so we switched anyway (to AT&T for $45). Fuck Charter.
Yep. You're seeing a lower promotional rate for new customers when you do the incognito window. 

I got an offer like that while logged into my DirecTV account... so I called them to switch home phone and internet over based on the offer showing in my account. Multiple reps refused to honor it. We switched anyway because Charter was screwing us and AT&T did give us a promo rate and 2 year pricing lock, but still wouldn't honor the promo showing online.
If T-Mobile has coverage in your area, you can switch to them. They'll pay off your AT&T device under their "carrier freedom" program. Just something to consider from someone who was burned by AT&T in the past.
Charter/Spectrum doesn't charge for modems. They charge for routers, but not modems.
I filed a FCC complaint in 2011 when AT&T overbilled me and refused to refund the charges. Several calls with even supervisor escalation didn't get me anywhere.

The FCC complaint went to a different department, who refunded the charges immediately. That was under the Obama administration, which had a useful FCC, so no idea what it's like now but worth a shot. Worse case scenario nothing happens, which is what you have going for you today. 

BBB is another avenue to try. They aren't government and have a number of fundamental issues, but some companies monitor complaints and respond quickly/effectively. Worth a try. I got HP to buy back a lemon PC for the full purchase price after multiple failed repair attempts and a case manager who refused to follow the terms and conditions of the written warranty.
A perfect argument for avoiding autopay.

Only one bill of mine is on autopay, and it goes to a credit card so if anything goes awry, I can dispute charges. That company also isn't shitty and I've never had a billing issue in the 6 years I've used them.
Nope, Spectrum will charge for routers. Their two-times predecessor Insight gave my mom a cheap 802.11G router for free as a promo for switching. Time Warner bought Insight and never charged for it either. Charter (dba Spectrum) came into the picture and immediately slapped a $5 fee on the bill, they saw the serial number assigned to the account and decided a 5 year old router that cost them less than $20 new was worth charging the customer $60/year. A rep lied to me what that charge was in an attempt to keep me from removing the device/charge from the account. I let that argument go and just switched companies.

That fee and jacking the bill up from $45 to $85 was enough I switched mom back to AT&T's DSL. It may only be 6mbps, but with home phone and fees/taxes, it's only $45. Fuck Charter's greed. Tom "I'm the highest paid CEO in America" Rutledge can fund his inflated salary from other people, I refuse to do business with such a shit company.
Verizon jacked the rate of my grandfathered unlimited data up over $50/mo. I was already paying out the nose and could barely use my phone (very limited minutes/texts). That was it, I switched three lines to T-Mobile that month, sold my unlimited plan on eBay for $550, and have since pulled 4 more people away from Verizon onto my plan, with 4 more in the works at the moment. 

Fuck Verizon's greed. I went from paying $130 to Verizon for 2 lines, 400 shared minutes, 500 texts, and unlimited data on 1 line (no data on the other), to $120  on T-Mobile for 4 lines of unlimited talk/text, and 10gb of data each line plus whitelisted video and music streaming. 
The N6 camera always did fine for me in well lit areas with completely still objects. 

Now, if its anything less than full sun or otherwise full daylight, it sucks. I can only think of one good recent low light picture it's taken.
Yes. I went from minimum wage to owning a paid-off condo in less than 10 years. A great work ethic and education are mostly the cause, but I definitely got my foot in the door because I knew someone. That only went so far though because it was a temp assignment; they called me back 9 months later with a more permanent position due to how well I performed during the summer job.

Still took a while to get a position with benefits, politics prevented my manager from getting that job converted to an employee position until many years later with completely new leadership. But now I save a ton toward retirement as not having to work full time is my next goal.

Having a baby and a girlfriend would make it much more difficult. I had only myself. During college, I couldn't afford the electric bill so I turned the heat off at night and had 8-12 blankets stacked on the bed so I could stay warm. Ate ramen quite often. Had a crap car that broke down often. I'm thankful I made it through, and those sacrifices meant I could not take loans and still afford one college class at a time.
Well, it does happen though... Quite recently in fact

https://nypost.com/2017/12/08/police-dog-mauls-innocent-woman/
This. Just happened to a friend that has a dog that's overprotective of his 2 sons. Had to pay damages, court costs, and show they did a bunch of stuff with the dog to remediate the problem.
You want a warning? Ok, read the iron's user manual, which will clearly state to only use distilled water (in most cases). What a dumbass.
Nope. Chromecast support is still not in the Amazon video app and Amazon reneged and pulled the Chromecast from their store again.
This, ultimately we the end users lose as a result of these pissing contests. Amazon needs to suck it up and put Chromecast support back into the video app and sell them on their store so we can put this to bed.
Amazon still hasn't put Chromecast support into the Amazon video app.
Don't forget they have the largest hosting business as well - AWS.
They aren't. But then the other side can respond in kind, which is what happened here. Amazon pulled Chromecasts and Apple TVs from their shopping side, and pulled Chromecast support from Amazon video app. Google maintained status quo for quite some time, but has finally responded to Amazon's poor behavior by pulling YouTube from Amazon's devices.

Amazon needs to get over themselves and put Chromecasts back in their store and put Chromecast support back in the video app so we can put this all to bed. I hope Amazon loses a ton of fire TV sales and some prime customers over this BS.
Why relock the bootloader?
Remember temperature affects range. Cold outdoor temps will always reduce range.
I'm only an expert in bird law, sadly.
I've noticed this too, if on a phone call or using data it sticks to ATT roaming even when TMO is available again
Agreed. Having lived in upstate NY, what Columbus gets is nothing. It's fine to be unfamiliar or uncomfortable with driving in snow, it's the attitude of "holy shit 2 inches of snow, this is so bad" that is silly. 

How y'all act is way worse than you should since we do get small amounts of snow regularly. You'd think we live in the south by how everyone acts/drives/complains.
But also remember 4wd/awd does nothing for braking. You can't slow down any better than other cars and trucks, and need to leave plenty of room in front of you.
It only goes to BK on 5th
They still owe me $20 they collected when they thought I lived in Pataskala but didn't. They received and processed the return but refused to cough up the money. Fuckers.
They CAN calculate the late fee at the point in time they mail the letter. They just don't and spring it on you after the fact vs just disclosing the late fee shown is as of xx date and will be higher by the time you pay.
Same thing, except mine was after the fact. They tried to get me to pay them hundreds on wages they were not allowed by law to collect against. Shut that shit down quick.
Fuck RITA. They and the city of pataskala owe me $20 that they collected when I wasn't a resident. I was going to just let it go, but then they came after me with absurd claims that I owed them hundreds of dollars for income made while I lived and worked in Columbus city limits. I filed for the refund, they acknowledged receipt multiple times but never sent the money. 

This was after they tried to collect from wages made while I was a minor (they can't by law), and some other time they came after me. I ended up owing $0.43 and $2.10 respectively. With the number of hours they spent, plus postage and other expenses, they lost money trying to collect from me. Again, fuck the incompetent assholes running RITA. 
I ended up in a Qualstan condo after looking at several LC properties. LC condos are not at all quiet, well built, or energy efficient. I wanted it to not feel like an apartment but it became evident quickly that wasn't possible. The parking and noise alone we're enough I kept looking.
This was nothing. We drove around last night, didn't slide or lose traction even once. And that's on super hard "eco" all season tires. 

We just don't get enough winter for people to handle it appropriately
Or why he didn't just put it in the luggage compartment. Those bitches ain't heated.
Heroin for everyone!
That's probably erdtt (engine running due to temperature).

The general consensus is GM engineers calculated it's more efficient to bring up the coolant temps via the ICE when it drops below a certain outdoor temp.
There's a brand new Kroger on Morse only 2.5mi away. Cota runs a lot of busses on Morse and Cleveland so I would think it would be pretty easy to get to the other Kroger even if you don't have access to a car. Plus, as someone else mentioned, there's a SaveALot nearby.
Didn't Columbus pass Indy in population (city limits)?
Fully expecting to hear some in my neck of the woods. There's always at least one person. It's a weird mix of rural, low income, middle class, and high income all in one area so who knows where it's actually coming from.
Exactly why I go through permissions a couple times a year and turn off location/contacts/phone/mic/camera from apps that don't need it imo.
We booked cmh>London and Edinburgh>cmh for late April on Delta for around $775
It's not even insurance, they usually advertise a low rate for 1, 3, 6, or 12 months. Once that time period is up, they jack the rate way higher than the standard rate, so you quickly pay more overall than you saved. They're middlemen for the most part, so there's few that can sell below the going rate long-term.
Call AEP and inform them that was not done with your permission.
It would probably depend on their stances on abortion and guns. One wants Christian values (yet voted for Trump vs a lifelong Methodist, lol), the others think democrats largely are coming for their guns (which they only use as a pastime at a range).

I respect both of them but the government isn't coming for your guns and legislating religiously imposed morality is not the purpose of government imo.
Looks like my basset trying to play fetch. Either runs to it and comes back without it, or gets halfway there and runs back. She's super well trained but just doesn't get fetch.
I wouldn't say "wanted" either.

There were plenty of Hillary votes done just as an anti-trump vote. I didn't think she was a great fit, but knew Trump would be a self-interested trainwreck. There were plenty of anti-Hillary votes by folks on the right too though, none of my family liked Trump but voted on party lines because they disliked Hiliary more.
"Motorola" Nexus 6 begs to differ. It throttles down to one CPU core at 40% battery. Didn't do that from the factory, came in an update. No message telling you why the phone is suddenly so slow and no option to turn it off.
Those letters are complete bull. I had coverage (always have), sent them copies of the policy paid in full and the cards, they kept rejecting them. This is on top of the fact the vehicle at the time was inoperable. They wanted my mechanic to attest to that, but I am my mechanic! 
That's not how the firms represent their staff, services, or capabilities to clients though. They promise the moon and end up delivering a moon pie.

The overpromising is a huge problem for these firms and imo is a large reason why these layoffs are happening. They couldn't actually deliver the things they claimed, and management is finally waking up to it.

I work for a fortune 100 company, our CEO recently apologized to all employees about how bad it is and how he doesn't want it to be a topic for next year's meeting again. He started making the head of IT put her name all over these apologies and other things showing he's clearly not happy with what's going on. I'm just curious if we too will fire the offshoring company that we pushed almost all dev and support work to. 

PS: the company is a bit fragmented, the area I work for specifically used a mix of small, medium, and large offshore and onshore firms before corporate mandated use of one of the big Indian offshoring firms. We actually paid lower rates, had quicker turnaround times, and had better quality work but corporate never bothered to study current state before jamming the square peg into the round hole... 
/r/titlegore
Right, anywhere inbetween is fine. It's outside of that area that can be bad.
Iirc it should be covered under voltec warranty. I recall threads either here, Facebook, or the forums talking about that.
Top of the crosshatch is the normal fill for most cars, pretty sure it is on the volt as well. If it was above or below the crosshatched area, then you'd have an issue.
Then allow it to be enabled in my.tmobile. There's no reason it should only be enabled by calling.


It's a manufacturer's warranty, not a retailer warranty. You have to work with the manufacturer.
No joke. Even stodgy, slow to innovate GM has been investing in ride-sharing, car sharing, and other programs like Cadillac's service where you can have any of their cars delivered to you at any time.

This author is nuts.
It says precheck is exempt from pulling out electronics in everything I'm reading, so probably worth springing for that.
But it's printed so it couldn't possibly be fake! Everyone know everything you read on paper is true. 

/s
Mine are. It's a frustrating link to have to be perfectly hydrated in order for things to work properly.
Definitely not an Ohio sticker
Pretty much every station in Ohio is 93

A few discount brands were doing 91 but finally switched to 93 a few years ago.
Every year?

Holy hell I'd be screwed with my 4 cars and a bike, which cost $54 each
I swapped the farm plates out immediately on one of my cars. They're so ugly, looks like something a first grader designed. Supposedly it was done by the previous governor's wife.

I kept them on another car because its color is damn close to the plate color.
That's normal unless it has the mentioned logo.
Depends how much you use it. Leaving the laptop plugged in 24/7 is worse, we've replaced a bunch of batteries for people who rarely undock their work laptops. They need to cycle once in a while.
Depends on the device. My work dell cuts power to the port if it's turned off when on battery. It'll charge when off and plugged in to the wall, but that's it.
I had to enable it in bios on my work dell latitude. It still only works if the PC is either on or plugged in. If it's neither, the port shuts off. It doesn't even work when plugged into an unknown 65w charger as I discovered yesterday.
And then call the poll fake news.
This is straight out of the Colbert Report....
The nexus 6 was fine out of the gate, the 40% throttle came way later. Like Apple, it doesn't tell you it's happening or give you the option to turn it off. Thankfully Android is easily modified so the throttling can be disabled. My phone is well over 2 years old and has never randomly shut down.
Michigan has the highest premiums in the US as of October 2017 http://www.bridgemi.com/public-sector/how-michigans-auto-insurance-premiums-became-nations-highest

Michigan's premiums are double the national average as of Sept 2016 http://www.pewtrusts.org/en/research-and-analysis/blogs/stateline/2016/09/09/is-no-fault-auto-insurance-to-blame-for-high-rates-fraud
It's Three-C Body Shops in Columbus Ohio. I found a recording on their website but it wasn't the one 

A buddy of mine works for an insurer and he said they have a separate team just for Three C and one other body shop
I would believe your argument. But they literally said "that language isn't supposed to be in your policy" when I called them out for denying the claim. I don't buy that for one second, we bought from a local agent, and high paid lawyers wrote all the T&Cs. 
Should you be getting her "last" paycheck? Do you know if her employer includes short or long term disability?
That's only if you

1. Keep your citizenship, and

2. Repatriate the money back into the states
It's a joke making fun of libertarian US presidential candidate Gary Johnson who had a major gaffe during an interview and couldn't figure out what "A Leppo" was.
Uninsured property damage is optional in Ohio
Allstate weaseled out of paying anything on a hit and run claim based on this. Also, even though it said word for word in the uninsured motorist clause that collision damage that occurs while the vehicle is legally parked and unoccupied is a covered claim, and the deductible would not apply, they denied it anyway. The agent claimed that language wasn't supposed to be there, which was total BS. I should have lawyered up but didn't know any better at the time. 

Allstate is a shit company and their "youre in good hands" lie pisses me off every time I see it. One of the local bodyshops buys radio airtime to shame Allstate specifically for mistreating their customers.
Same experience here. Motorcyclist hit my parked car at work and ran. Left a piece of his bike with the full VIN wedged in my tire. I went to the cops with work's surveillance camera footage of him inside and the collision. The cop pried the bike's part out of my tire. 

When I met with the detective, he was able to ID the driver immediately from the VIN. Did they ever cite him or arrest him for the hit and run? Nope! I followed up several times and got nowhere. Our tax dollars hard at work...

Edit: oh, and Allstate sucks. They denied the claim even though it said word for word in the uninsured motorist clause that collision damage that occurs while the vehicle is legally parked and unoccupied is a covered claim, and the deductible would not apply. The agent claimed that language wasn't supposed to be there, which was total BS. I should have lawyered up but didn't know any better at the time.
You also get screwed all the time with insanely high premiums, meanwhile uninsured/underinsured motorist coverage in traditional states is super cheap. 

Statistically Michigan drivers pay more than double the national average in premiums.
No one would blame you for leaving Cleveland
Don't forget the made up fees that we make sound like government mandated fees and taxes, but in reality we just want to have higher revenue.
Lack of competency at any level of a medical office is concerning. It's one thing if they messed up once and fixed it the second time, but complete failure twice is ridiculous.
Yeah, that sucks then. 

Some companies don't require a term contract for cable or DSL internet. Depends on who services your area. 
Allstate is awful. I had additional coverage on my Allstate policy that covered if my vehicle was hit while parked. 

I was hit while parked and the driver fled. I filed a police report and an insurance claim. Allstate denied the claim. The policy literally said in the list of covered claims "If the vehicle is damaged in a collision while legally parked and unoccupied. Further, the deductible shall not apply"

The agent literally said "Oh, that language shouldn't have been there". Bitch, high paid lawyers wrote the legal language. It was there for a reason. If I had been older/smarter, I would have taken Allstate to small claims court, probably would have been a slam dunk. I will never give Allstate another dime. I almost switched to esurance once, but right as I was about to, Allstate announced they were purchasing them. Nooooope.
Sounds like a bad battery. When was it replaced last?
It should matter how much you're trying to push through though. Once a month or so I end up using a hotspot to get my work laptop online for emails or processing stuff in our system. Neither take very much data, but if you're in a deprioritized area, it's damn near unusable.

If I was trying to stream content, fine, I get it, but me working for an hour or two usually consumes less than 100mb.
8mbps download throttle on Cricket

Other than that, not much.
What would the differences be?
Seems like a waste of money in the first place...
It was at this moment, he knew he fucked up.
This tree is defective. Help!
Before not during
Hi I'm Big Bob (   )
I find it to be the other way around personally. Weekday commuting is when I see the most idiotic driving.
This is part of the reason I switched from Spotify to Google music. Both have good points, but Google's service is less restrictive and the Android app is better. 

The fact you can get a family plan and split the cost 6 ways helps too...
Isn't it great being opposed to something up until the moment it affects you? I mean can't back down then so you just have to convince yourself that this is different and it's ok this time. 

The mental gymnastics required at times is mind boggling.
I agree, but in clear cut cases only. 

The justice system isn't perfect and I'd side with the "It is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer" saying. 

There's too much abuse and fraud in some places with dirty or lazy policework or a DA trying to get reelected, keep up his track record, or "do his job" by finding someone to put in jail. I've seen cases where they had hard evidence that the defendant didn't do it (like DNA) and they ignored it and convicted based circumstantial evidence like a forced confession or unreliable witnesses.
We did. Starts Sept 2018
We definitely switched at the right time. 4 for $120, one additional line at $20, plus we added 3 lines for free ($3/mo taxes each) and all lines got bumped from 10gb each to unlimited for free.

I won't ever leave of my own choosing...
Seems like a lot of good architecture got destroyed during that time nationwide. Penn Station in NY is another great example. That one pissed off enough people that preservation efforts started springing up.

Hell, we almost lost the Ohio theater in 1969...
Depends how many lines you have. I have enough I pay less per line than with pretty much every single MVNO. It would be $75 for two 10gb lines with Consumer Cellular and I pay under $30 per line for unlimited everything and free international roaming.
TMobile. Costs half as much as my Verizon bill for way more minutes/texts/data and coverage is the same or better in the places we go to regularly. Verizon can take their high prices and fuck off.
Look at their tweets and replies page. They tweet a lot.
What brand has the second best roasting account (after Wendy's of course)?
Only matters if you get cable though (obviously). WOW is great for internet only as they don't try to jack up the price just because you didn't purchase cable or phone.
We have wow. When we move, one of my main criteria will be if wow services the address or not. I've had at&t and insight/twc/charter and charter is the worst. Do not want to go back to them ever if possible.
They probably can't afford the area's high electric rates

/s
Not any more so than the resulting purchase itself.
The real way to save is with larger discounts (ie: buying at the station that hasn't raised prices yet that day or some promotion), and gas cans so you can buy a larger volume. 

I bought a few gas cans, they paid for themselves on the second use.  I can save up to $35 per fill up with points and only have to buy gas once a month.
Yeah but you have to buy the card first, not after your first transaction. I've done it too with restaurants, but I bought the gift card before ordering, and knew the bonus card wasn't active until January.
Bullet 4 and 5 concern me. I'd want to see the full language and understand who will oversee those parts. 
I don't think Trump would approve, he when his country breaks records. Yuge numbers, the biggest, the best. Only the greatest. /s
Better.
Wonder why Shell is like that in some places. It's the same price as every other station in my neck of the woods. Only their premium is more pricey than the other stations around here.
I think it depends on the school. There was enough work to keep the sophomore-senior engineering majors busy doing homework every night and weekends at mine. 

I was the only business major working at the brand new 2000 seat theater on campus and I was also the only one working more than 5 hours a week there. The rest were engineering majors and most of them worked a shift once or twice a week, I worked at least three days a week and all evening/rental events too. My boss later admitted he hired me over the other 30+ applicants because of my open schedule, but said it worked out because I was one of the hardest workers and he had rental clients asking for me by name for events. Point being, workload was vastly different depending on your major at my school.
None of the engineering majors at my college had free time, especially past freshman year. My floor was mostly all engineering majors, with a few aviation guys and me who switched from EE to accounting after having trouble with physics. 

My roommate and I were super close friends but I barely saw him Junior year. Free time went to working on the senior design project.
Yeah. On the cars where the evap sensor failed without the PCM knowing

/s
Yes. I got normal spouts and vents on ebay. No more spilling, except for the tiny bit around the vent hole because I don't have the gear to drill a perfectly round hole for the vents. It's fine except for when gas splashes the vent in the car on the way back from the station. The tiny bit of seepage around the vent is hundreds of times less than those awful nozzles have spilled each time I used it.
I don't see how it could be considered anything advanced. Dude has a pivot point in between the weight bearing pole and the hidden structure he's wearing. The exact location of the pivot point is in his left arm near the elbow. He uses a combination of the force of his left arm pushing/pulling on the fixed structure in his left arm and moving his center of mass to rotate.
Elektrik ~~snek~~ Phish?
The bad drivers here are oblivious. Mostly to the fact there are other drivers on the road.
Even worse are the people the just drive up the white line as their lane ends, not looking around one bit, expecting there will just magically be space for them to merge into. 

Use your blinker and actively merge into an open space!
Yep. Worked seasonal at Radio Shack. I remember the TVs being sold at cost (inventory system showed cost and sale price to the associates). Accessories and cell phone plans were our money makers. 

Occasionally some sale items were at or near cost too, like I remember some digital photo frames being sold at cost. I'm guessing they thought you might buy a memory card while you're there.
How so? Honestly curious on your opinion. I've had both and don't share that feeling at all, nor have heard that before.
Considering Gould (Responsible Ohio/Issue 3 that failed miserably) is behind this measure and openly says he'll spend as much as necessary to get it to the ballot, I'm just as suspicious of it as before. He's gotta think he is going to be able to recoup somehow. 

Hopefully he's planning on doing so above board and not using the government to keep competitors out again, but I'll believe it when I see the full text.
Of course there's more. But the question was how he spins, so I only talked about that. 

There's a video showing the setup. He's definitely wearing a structure under the bulky jacket. He moves his left arm normally right up until the moment he mounts the shovel. You can see him reach into the jacket and mess with his left arm. He's locking something into place that takes the weight.

Sure, it's not a seat with a U around it like the others, but it's the same idea. He's just strapped into the structure differently than the others so he can tilt like that. They're all roughly the same though, platform, beam, and a structure that's pretty well hidden worn under clothing.
Not exactly. They don't make money on the equipment payment plan, that's financed at 0.0%. They are ok with you staying on the network and paying for the service monthly though...
Put a swivel mount on the hidden seat structure where it attaches to the pole.

Maybe it's just because I'm a stagehand and have also done tech for a magic show, but this shit is always easy to figure out. Even these tricks are misdirection, some key parts like the base are hidden in plain sight. If he was actually levitating or even holding himself up, he wouldn't need that big base. 
For a couple years, then that reverses and you pay more. It's all a sham.
Their service, reliability, customer service, and prices suck. On top of that, they can't keep an appointment. Some of my friends have had them miss multiple install appointments as new customers. When the appointment window is 4 hours wide, there's no excuse. No showing/no calling is completely unacceptable.
Isn't level3 being acquired by CenturyLink?
Google already has a plan for that. 

https://archive.google.com/tisp/install.html
Yes, but when we mail a notice to someone, do you think "I sent it first class mail" is going to hold up as evidence in court? Highly doubt it, they're going to want proof it was received. 

It's a double standard.
Process server. Those folks can usually manage to find anyone.
This is why certified mail should be required for that crap. Prove I got it or don't hold it against me.
I work three jobs and still find time. You know why? This shit matters. You can make a few minutes here and there for the things that are important, if you choose.
And this mindset that people fall into of "being on a side" is the reason to not pick a side and simply vote on merit.
Yep. We had a medium size scissor lift that weighed 5500 lbs to lift 1-3 people up 38 feet
You should be in the first spot after the "N" normally. If you have D or D4 as an option and you're using D3, you're burning a ton of extra gas unnecessarily.

If you're descending a long or steep hill, you should shift down one until you're not having to ride the brakes as much to maintain speed. I've only seen one car that did it automatically, a Ford escape with the cruise control set.
I just refresh and read a little more each time until the crap pops up. Or play around in the F12/HTML until I can figure out how to hide it. There's also something you can change in the address bar that takes you to a mirror, but I can't remember the name.
I'm good with an average city. I visit "top" cities for vacation and seeing friends who live there, but I have no desire to move to any of them. I also visit family in small towns but have no desire to go back to that living either.

I'm not calling for going back to a cow-town, but a nice happy medium is my ideal. Having the perks of a good sized city without the traffic, high cost of living, or complete boredom that comes with either large or small.
Happened to my favorite band's show in their hometown (mine also). Literally sold out in the first minute. I had four people trying to get at least two tickets, but none of us were able to.

Didn't get to go because I refuse to support scalpers. They even did a pre-registration thing that was supposed to cut it down, but it didn't.
Success is great, but do we really want the stuff that comes with being one of the top cities? I'm not dying for Columbus to have DC traffic or housing prices.

Average or above average growth is just fine with me.
It's ok. Lots of mall type shopping if that's your thing. Movie theater. Plenty of restaurants, mostly chain places with a few locals thrown in like Condado's Tacos and Hot Chicken Takeover. There's some decent small chains like Melt, Pies and Pints, Piada, and Jeni's. My general feeling is mostly everything is overpriced, but Easton's lease prices to businesses are eye-wateringly high, so makes sense.

My work moved to just down the street about 6 months ago. I'm kinda bored with it already, and there's way too much traffic at rush hour but thankfully it usually clears up by 6 or 6:30.
This uptick was completely unexpected imo. We're semi-recently married and wanting a house, but with prices where they're at, we're staying in my condo for a while longer.

Really wish our finances hadn't been stretched by the wedding when they were, an awesome house in the location we wanted went for under market value in 2015. It would probably sell for $50k more now.
It's moving to E Broad sometime
What part is false? He's freeing it up so the land can be leased by BLM.
Or an oil rig.
Because one wasn't under threat since Clinton nominated it, and the other Obama himself nominated during his term? What would there be for people to do?
I thought the common failure was the coolant pump...
I've noticed some restaurants doing them at the table more often. Those chains with the tablets on the table for one, and some have handheld readers. B Spot in Gahanna for example.
Yeah, but if they average above 30 hours a week over 6 weeks, the employer has to offer qualifying healthcare or pay a penalty.

Most choose to just cut the hours enough they won't have to do either. Not saying they all do, but most chains do for sure.
Only one I worked at that didn't microwave everything was Texas Roadhouse.
Yeah, sorry, not how it works in the US. We got deliveries twice a week at every restaurant I worked at.
Texas Roadhouse is the only chain I've found that makes everything from scratch in the store.

Bob Evans? Yep. Mostly everything came in frozen or in kits. Grilled and fried items were mainly the only cooked foods. The turkey is indeed slow roasted overnight.
Yes, but it got worse. The servers I've talked to mostly all have 2 part time jobs now at different employers. The restaurant managers I know have said the same thing. 

We could work 40 hours before and still be considered part-time. Now it's a hard cap at 30 hours. Hit that and they will send you home in the middle of the dinner rush even.
Similar luck at an Outback. They had 5 hosts on weekends and one busser - me. Nevermind the fact I had server experience and the same day they hired me as a busser, they hired 3 girls with zero experience as servers.

Anyway, I'd be busting my ass and the managers would harass me to go faster. Not help, not send some of the hosts that were just standing around to do something, just complain. I quit after a month, and by then I was the busser which had been there the longest. The others all quit after two weeks.

Worst part is they used tipshare to hide the fact they were paying below minimum wage. By far the shittiest place I've ever worked.
Intermittent issues in Ohio.
Trump 2020: Nothing but Swamp!
Damn hes huge. I'm 6" taller but he's 100lbs heavier. Holycrap.

I've never gotten that around here. Where I grew up, roads didn't change names across intersections, like Reynoldsburg New Albany Rd being called that, 605, 256, Lancaster Ave, Baltimore-Reynoldsburg Rd, Hill Rd, Columbus St, etc.

Or 62 changing names a bunch (Mill St, Granville St, Johnstown Rd, Main St, etc)

Or Huntley/Sinclair/E Wilson Bridge.
Couldn't the original lease have a clause allowing the new owners to terminate in the event of a sale or transfer? They'd obviously still have to follow the state or local laws regarding eviction. 

We have these in our contracts, but those aren't related to real estate.
Capital investment hasn't gone down since Wheeler's FCC reclassified ISPs under title ii. Go look at telecom shareholder calls, they flat out say so. Or look up the actual spending, it's increased.
Yeah. Pass. He should have stayed at the cfpb. 
Such bullshit
National monument status limits what BLM can do with it.

Non-monument status doesn't have such limits.
Yep. Iirc they take more dollars in federal aid then they collect in taxes.
I don't care about R or D labels. And the republican party of old is not the same one we have today.

Nor do I affiliate with either.
Not what I'm saying, but ok.
Nope. I think their interests and wants from their country and government are too different to allow a central government to function effectively. So as a result, we have a super ineffective federal government run by people who can't agree on anything and the only way to influence anything is having deep pockets.

It's the same reason some companies split themselves, they're better off separate vs together. They can have more success as their own entities. I'm simply suggesting maybe we might have been better off separate vs together. 

And anyway, it's already a tribalism and us vs them mentality in this country. Look at the AL senate race. There's folks who realize Roy Moore is not a person they should be voting for, but they're either going to vote for him, or just not vote. Why? Because the other guy has a (D) next to his name. Dead serious. People are that  entrenched in their camps that they can't be objective.
I don't think that meets the definition of tribalism or us vs them. It would be separate entities at that point. It would have to be factions of one thing for it to be tribalism.

The only things we'd even have to work with them on is stuff like trade and immigration.
Nah, not wishing anyone collapse. Just that one entity ended up as two. I've lived in the north and south, they're both fine but it sure seems like the interests of the two are very different and might be better off with their own government to represent their desires. 

Instead we have this shitty, bloated, corrupt, ineffective federal government trying to keep the whole thing together. No one can agree on anything and nothing changes or improves.

tl;dr: I'd take two decent countries/governments where people might actually agree on stuff enough to get it done vs one country/government that does nothing useful.
Oh, I'm not suggesting tribalism or us vs them. Just let them be their own country and we won't have to deal with them at all!
I'm starting to think the south splitting off during the civil war would have been for the best. 

That doesn't fix the swing states of MI, PA, and OH voting for Trump, but it's a start...
Watch the sass!
That would be great, but how long before they are influenced by money and start pulling laws that lobbyists are pushing them for?
Why isn't paying the same percentage of income across the board a better idea? You do know through crafty tax filing, loopholes, and taking advantage of tax incentives aimed at the rich (ie: capital gains being capped at 15%), the rich often pay a lower percent of their income to taxes than the middle class.

That to me seems like a basic fairness idea. Why should I lose 35% of my income to taxes while my rich neighbor only loses 20%?
Why are the inheritance cuts good? If it only affects a tiny percentage of people, like 0.3%, why are so many people so personally invested in it being changed?
Money quantity shouldn't buy influence.
Look at the telecom donations, Republican vs Democrat. It's a stark difference.
Say it with me: Fuck Ajit Pai
Or just buy a car that meets your needs. 
Free prime isn't bullshit. Prime costs $8.33/mo at the normal $99/yr price. I'll take that over nothing
Are you asking politely for a specific fix? I went straight to the free month of prime and they agreed.
Worked well for me initially. I went from a summer temp to a full-time  temp because I busted my ass more than any of the other people there. Two years later got a $5/hr raise which was significantly more than I was making. Less than a year from that, I got hired for an employee position in an adjacent department over several other people and got a $3/hr raise. Stayed there until I graduated where they promoted me into a salary position that was unfortunately a pay decrease. 

Has been stagnant since then, when I recently pointed out I was busting my butt yet making less than 2 years ago, and 10% below the average salary, they blew me off (I even put a detailed proposal together of what additional activities I would be willing to accept if they put my compensation where it should be).

Thinking it's time to start looking at other departments or other employers.
Very well said.
Sounds like a great place to leave quickly.
Cocaine's a hell of a drug
Fuck that. It's going to cost me more. He's full of shit or deluded. Or both.
Right? It's not like he's gonna get away with it. OP knows where he lives - next door.
Is there a way to suggest one? Or to request connection to a newly installed indoor DAS?

4 giant office buildings with tons of employees have been built in what was a field up until a year ago. We're in a densely populated area neighboring a major retail area, all of which is well covered, except for these new office buildings. Understandable because of it being new, but the area needs help.

Even the band 12 signal is spotty outdoors. Indoors is damn near nonexistant. If we didn't have wifi available, I probably would have switched to Cricket by now.
Yup. There's also the people merging in from the ramp on the right, and trying to exit to 23S/convention center or whatever that exit is on the left. It's such a short space, people doing that never get up to speed, which makes thru traffic hit the brakes to not hit the merging people. 
Sounds like you haven't read the new rules.

Also, there's ways around that. Technically Comcast didn't throttle Netflix. They just let the peering point entering their network saturate until customers received abysmal speeds. They refused to fix the issue until Netflix paid them money.
thatsthejoke.jpg
Couldn't you use the remote start instead? 

Don't some of the Volts (if not all) have the option to turn off some of those notifications?
Does the Volt get calls from OnStar unexpectedly? I have a Cruze, for the first two or three years, I would get random calls to the car itself trying to sell me onstar. It would take over the radio. I eventually figured you could push the Onstar button and it would hang up. 

I was almost to the point of unplugging the onstar module, but then no remote unlocking.
That's my wife at times. Usually very smart and able to figure these things out, but somehow she sees plugging her laptop in at home like some kind of witchcraft.

Last phone call:

W: It's not working!

Me: Did you plug it in?

W: I think so!

Me: So the keyboard and mouse aren't working, but you did plug them in. Can you double check?

W: Oh, they aren't plugged in.

Me: [silent rage]
It says pilot, so hopefully more to come if it goes well. They may think doing it westbound would just dump more traffic into the 23 exit area where it already congests. They have to plan a place for the extra traffic to go at the end of the lane on top of just adding a lane, or you just end up making the existing congestion point worse.
Michigan just proposed this same thing, someone posted it in this sub few weeks ago.
The summer movie series is like $5 a ticket

Trust me, they aren't making money hand over fist. Most of the ticket prices go to the touring act.
/r/latestagecapitalism to me is a group of individuals who all enjoy smelling their own farts. It's mind boggling to me to see a group of people so set on hearing only opinions that agree with theirs and discarding all facts and opinions that disagree with their views.
I don't think they care which happens. They just want the money.

Why else would they lobby for mandatory prison sentences and harsher war on drugs punishments?
Yeah, but they had free time back then. A hoop and stick only was interesting for so long. Now everyone just sits around and watches internet videos and browses social media/internet. These days, you'd have to make time for this stuff and no one does.
/r/libertarian is saying repeal the regulations, results be dammed. I tend to lean libertarian but the lack of common sense is disheartening. 
This covers capital investment since Title II Net Neutrality (it hasn't gone down like all the naysayers predicted)

https://www.freepress.net/press-release/108079/its-working-free-press-documents-historic-levels-investment-and-innovation-fccs

This deals with the paperwork:

"The Verge called eight smaller internet providers to find out whether theyd been impacted by net neutrality, and the answers were mixed. Multiple respondents, when asked if Title II was hurting them, gave an unqualified no. Mark Jen, the chief technical officer of a small internet provider in California named Common, which was founded last year by a group of former Square employees, said that complying with net neutrality doesnt require any work.

The default configuration of all of the [networking] equipment is to [follow net neutrality], Jen says. While net neutrality sounds like rules and regulations, its actually just saying everybody has to run stuff in the default mode, which is as fast as possible and great for everybody.

Rudy Rucker, co-founder of another small wireless internet provider in California, named Monkeybrains, said his company hadnt encountered any difficulties either. Maybe theres something Im missing, he said, but its not bogging us down."

https://www.theverge.com/2017/7/13/15949920/net-neutrality-killing-small-isps

So at worst they publish some reports. 

That, and check/money order fraud is somewhat common. It's not like they have some other benefit like being inherently more secure than cash or debit.
There's also a dude on Youtube who managed to modify an iPhone 7 to include a functioning headphone jack.
I'm pretty much the opposite. None of that bothers me (I tuck them into my shirt while working out), but from owning a pair of BT headphones, the audio quality isn't good enough, and having to charge them is a PITA to me.

And I want any pair of headphones to work with my phone, not dependent on whether they are wireless or I'm carrying a dongle around with me at all times.
http://i.imgur.com/W1bpv3A.jpg
Why only take money once when you can take it monthly, forever! [evil laugh]
Or clickbait.
The cameras are what kills it for me. That's the one thing I don't like about my Nexus 6, and there's little to no positive reviews of the V30's cameras.

The screen issues don't help either, as I don't want to spend $800+ to take a step backwards. And I wish they had done stock Android instead of making it look more like an iPhone. It's so damn close to being a great phone, but LG made a few poor decisions and as a result, it's just ok vs the competition.
Dude, it's not stopping anyone from deploying anything. If you think it is, you haven't read the regulations then.
No but they do hold the distinction of refusing to accept cash or credit/debit cards for payment. Money orders or checks only.

It boggles my mind that a government agency can refuse to take their own country's currency as payment.
And Ohio if you're 18 or older. Written test, then driving test.

Note the driving test doesn't involve merging, interstates, or any other type of high speed driving. Just checks if you can manage in normal city streets.
I had a police car do that to me once. As I was getting into my car at night (completely dark), one went by in a neighborhood at 50+mph (speed limit is 25). No emergency lights, no sirens. 

I think that's odd, but no big deal. I look both ways and start backing out. Just as I'm pulling into the road, I see this strange glow moving oddly. I suddenly realize it's another cop car WITH ONLY PARKING LIGHTS ON flying down the road. I have just enough time to slam it into drive and pull back into the driveway, narrowly avoiding being hit at high speed.

I was not pleased with the local PD that day. My state by law requires any emergency vehicle to use lights and sirens if they are going to be breaking any traffic law, but since they're the ones who would enforce that law...
This. My state added this law and if people actually do it, traffic backs up insanely. The local PD isn't smart enough to realize they are costing the city much more in lost productivity and wasted fuel than the $140 traffic ticket they're writing.
Then repeal it once we have sufficient competition. We're not there yet today.
Deregulation is great, but this is not one of the cases where the end result will be better off. 

You're not taking into account most addresses in the US only have access to one broadband provider. When a monopoly exists with no regulation, they have unchecked power to abuse. Unless you're into some kind of financial BDSM with your cable company, repealing net neutrality is not a good thing.

Net neutrality costs isps nothing, so getting rid of it is not going to free up all kinds of waste that could be used better elsewhere. 
Rights of access make it difficult, but not impossible. And not every area has strict laws regulating it. That's not the main barrier to expansion, capital expenditure is.

As proof, my area has a great cable overbuilder. Their prices and offering are better than the main company Charter. But the overbuilder isn't available everywhere in town. They pick and choose what neighborhoods they service. I can get them, while my family who lives in a subdivision 2 miles further away can't. And it's not right of access preventing them, that area's government has so little money they can barely keep the streets paved and the police force running.
Sure, you can pick another supplier. Can you pick another distributor? Nope. My state has that also, and the electric company literally split itself in two because of it. They know the supply side is competitive so they spun that off. They kept the distribution side because they know it's a monopoly and they keep going to the utilities commission and asking for increases to the fixed monthly rate. They make BS excuses like huge increases in net metering (we're not a sunny state, and iirc the numbers were like 0.002% of customers were net metering).

The distribution side charges so much, our electricity rates per kwh is higher than the national average even if you jump from promo rate to promo rate on the supply side. There's no good reason for this, the topography is mostly flat and population density is decent. Distribution in this state should not be hard or expensive. The end result is rates high enough I won't save any money switching from a gas to an electric car (plus the time of use/overnight rates were killed off when they split the company). 

Competition on supply is a great idea, but only so effective when the distribution network is still a monopoly. Someone will always figure out how to keep making money hand over fist. And with how capital intensive it is to bury or hang infrastructure like this, you're unlikely to see multiple providers of most utilities. 
Yes. Here's a list from before the current title II regulations came into play:

Verizon blocked Nexus 6 & 7 devices from using their network

Verizon and others blocked blocked Google Wallet in favor of their ISIS app

Verizon blocked tethering unless you paid them more money to use the data you already paid for

Verizon blocked abortion rights group NARAL Pro-Choice America from doing a text to give campaign

Verizon blocked certain apps from Google Play

AT&T blocked facetime

AT&T throttled unlimited users after 2.5gb used (to get them to move to more expensive tiered data plans)

Comcast blocked p2p/Bittorrent

Comcast allowed peering connections to become oversaturated and refused to fix them until Netflix paid them money

Comcast allowed their streaming service to go around the usage caps, but did not allow that for any other streaming service

Mulitple ISPs have at one point or another blocked or restricted VPNs.

Madison River Communications blocked VoiP competitors to force customers to use their VoiP service.

There's more, that's just what I was able to round up with a few minutes of research.
Doubt anytime soon. The current one is still up to snuff , and the retail version still sells for $99
Should be covered under warranty. Maybe make up a problem with it that would force them to check for updates as part of the diagnosis procedure? Like you got a new phone and the Bluetooth or carplay/Android auto is intermittently doing xxxx?

Or try a different dealer...
I would. I've got the appetite for one at $9k or less, still waiting for them to drop a bit more. I'm hoping the used market will get a little more saturated once the Model 3 comes out. I know some folks personally who bought a volt as a stopgap until their model 3 reservation comes due.
Yes. One to be exact.
Is that significantly cheaper than the materials to pull another circuit or something?
This. If there was money in it, everyone would have multiple electric, gas, water, and sewer companies to choose from. Internet is no different. Most folks are lucky if they have a decent dsl and a cable option.

I'm really damn lucky as we have 2 cable options and 1vdsl option. I pay $30 for 30mbps while my parents a few miles away pay $70 for 15mbps cable that usually gets 6mbps. 
Only thing I do that for is pancakes and waffles, cause I cook all of them, then eat. Otherwise they get cold while the others cook. 
Depends where you live. If my county gets even one complaint, even from a person who has lied before, CPS comes out for a visit 

Source: friends with a case worker and friends with a guy who takes good care of his kids but has a shitty neighbor.
Genius
And what would you suggest to those with only one isp? The vast majority of the country does not have competition for providers.
The only corporations involved are the ones spending millions lobbying for the repeal. You know, the isps that can charge higher prices once they can act with impunity. 

Sure, it's all over Reddit. Is it all over paid media (TV, digital ads, sponsored posts, print ads, mailers)? Nope. If keeping net neutrality was corporate sponsored, you'd be seeing paid ads for it.
Wat
Exactly which company is force feeding net neutrality?
There's been reports of bots making comments on behalf of all kinds of people. Living. Dead. Etc.

"On Thursday, 14 people who say their identity was inappropriately used to oppose net neutrality without their permission wrote a letter demanding that Pai and the FCC open an investigation into the alleged astroturfing campaign."

https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/evg3xw/dead-people-are-posting-anti-net-neutrality-comments-to-the-fcc-website
It's in Basking Ridge NJ
She's taken AT&T's dick so far inside her, it's never coming out.
They were required on outdoor outlets, kitchens, and bathrooms dating back to 1973, 1975, and 1987 respectively. Sounds like the condo builder just failed to meet code if they built in 2007 and didn't have them in those locations (or Daisy chained from the top of the circuit).
Yeah I very highly doubt they would be willing to sell. Just my guess
This. I don't know why you'd want it in this part of town, it's industrial, run down, or cscc. That's all that's nearby. And we know the stadium isn't going to magically turn the area around or that would have already happened with the existing crew stadium.
Paul Brown stadium is actually one of the case studies I've seen saying the complete opposite. That it's a huge financial burden to the taxpayers and a drag on the local economy.
Nationwide arena is publicly owned and operated by the county.
Yeah, but if an MLS stadium was going to improve a part of town, don't you think that would have happened in the last 20 years near crew stadium? What makes moving it to an industrial area near 5th Ave/cscc do differently?
Did the same, was walking out of work and thought it would take me to the website to order. Nope. I took a screenshot of it at 4:50 and with 0:01 left hoping they'll take it.
False. Yes they were.

They blocked Nexus 6 & 7 devices from using their network

They blocked blocked Google Wallet in favor of their ISIS app

They blocked tethering unless you paid them more money to use the data you already paid for

They blocked abortion rights group NARAL Pro-Choice America from doing a text to give campaign

They blocked certain apps from Google Play

AT&T blocked facetime

AT&T throttled unlimited users after 2.5gb used

Comcast blocked p2p/Bittorrent

Comcast allowed peering connections to become oversaturated and refused to fix them until Netflix paid them money

Comcast allowed their streaming service to go around the usage caps, but did not allow that for any other streaming service

Mulitple ISPs have at one point or another blocked or restricted VPNs.

I know of this one. Not nationwide, but a perfect example.

https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20131012/02124724852/decades-failed-promises-verizon-it-promises-fiber-to-get-tax-breaks-then-never-delivers.shtml
Meanwhile that act is actually tax cuts for the rich and loosening regulations on pollution.
Sounds like a case of someone who actually needed the awd (for going up the hill at least)
Cause she's a judgemental bitch on her show, then pulls a stunt like this. 
False. Most if not all states transfer this kind of data back and forth. My college roommate got a speeding ticket in my state (he was from NH). He paid it, but my state screwed up and only sent notification of the ticket to NH, not also notification of the payment. NH suspended his license and neither state would do jack squat even though he had proof of payment.
Found management's bathroom...
It doesn't have a frame. That's a unibody.
To whomever downvoted that isn't aware of physics, here's a source:

Compressor based dehumidifiers remove moisture from the air by condensation. This process requires of the moisture in the air (that needs to be dehumidified) to change state from a vapor to a liquid. Because the dehumidification process involves liquid water, frost can build up inside of a compressor dehumidifier at temperatures below 65 F. For this same reason (the fact that condensation facilitates dehumidification) compressor dehumidifiers are also much less efficient at lower temperatures and lower humidity levels than they are at higher temperatures and higher humidity levels. A 70 pint dehumidifier removes 70 pints of humidity at 80 F and 60% RH (relative humidity). However, at lower temperatures and lower humidity levels it removes a fraction as much moisture from the air per day.

http://www.dehumidifierbuyersguide.com/basement-dehumidifier-reviews/
Good bot
That's assuming there's not some code in the pcm/mechanical capability that refuses your input. One of my MY 2000 vehicles has a mechanical linkage to the transaxle but will ignore any input it deems unacceptable. It will also shift to the next gear when it decides you've been at high revs for too long, even when you've got the gearshift locked in a gear. Still may not be the case for commercial trucks, but surprising in any case with mechanical linkage.

I know newer cars don't tend to have a mechanical input to the trans, so not surprising they can ignore you. The gearshift is just a sensor feeding the pcm at that point. I was not expecting it in that  in a vehicle where you can hear/feel the linkage moving and things changing even at a full stop.
I don't think you know the trucking industry or you'd know how expensive the capital outlay is for a new truck and that the average lifespan of a rig is way too long for the ones being sold today to all be off the road by then.

I think maybe it would be fair to guess more than half of short haul routes will be electric by 2025, but personally I think that's pushing it even.

Don't forget oil is cheap right now. There may not be quite the amount of electric vs diesel savings you're expecting. In my neck of the woods, even though we have smartmeters, we don't have cheap overnight electric rates. The savings of the equivalent gas vs EV was minimal ($450 over 5 years in my specific case).
Most of the laws you're referring to prevent municipal broadband, not a private company from building. There just isn't nearly as much money in overbuilding. My cable company is an overbuilder, and they are great! Because they have to be, because there's competition. That competition doesn't exist in most places.

Google Fiber specifically had all kinds of issues expanding, and has pretty much sidelined all expansion. Most people think they are going to go wireless "5g" next. Dslreports.com has a ton of the details, like Google being sued by AT&T in I believe Lexington or Louisville.


I have to disagree. Why do you think SOPA, PROTECT, PIPA, COICA and others all failed? Outrage by a large quantity of people. Mass outrage in the form of contacting your rep and senators works. If they get overwhelmed with calls, they'll all start telling Pai to quit his bullshit or legislate something that ties his hands on the issue.
Hi, I'm Mike Pence and I approve this comment
You don't have to be electric only for the AEP rebate. I have gas and got $75 from AEP
I bought a Honeywell Lyric T5 new on eBay for $90 and got the $75 AEP rebate, so paid $15. It's a nice thermostat, has geofencing which sets it to away when your phone crosses a location threshold. Great for those of us with variable schedules and forget to set it to away when we leave.
Just curious... How can you tell it's the wheel angle sensor vs a damaged wheel speed sensor? Both would have the same symptoms, no?
It can turn on for a couple reasons (possibly more):

Opening the hood

Maintenance mode

Old gas

Outdoor temp dipping too low (engine running due to temperature)

Depleted battery

Mountain or hold mode
The volt supposedly secretly has an allowance for initial hill descent. One of the hypermile nuts on the Facebook page figured out how to get the volt to charge a tiny bit more. Had something to do with turning it on, and maybe plugging or unplugging it in a certain order. I think it was close to .5kwh extra he could squeeze in.
Can't imagine there's much headroom in the middle seat either 
Effectiveness of the AC at removing moisture is significantly worse at low temps. Where I'm at, it's cold enough outside already you'd be better off with a dehumidifier because it pumps warm air back into the interior instead of dumping that heat outside the car.
Once I started cleaning the port out monthly, I've stopped killing cords. The pins in the cord would flatten and then the cord would start falling out of the phone. 6 months and counting on a 10' cheap braided cable from Amazon.
I don't see myself upgrading. There would have to be a net benefit, and the only thing I'm not happy with the N6 is Snapchat's performance. Franco kernel was the best thing that ever happened to this phone. It's as fast as new while over 2 years old.

It does show signs of age (gps acting up occasionally), but I still love it. And I'm not willing to give up wireless charging, headphone jack, and screen size for faster Snapchat performance.
Look at the top threads of /r/tifu this year. You'll probably find it.
That's full daylight. They were focusing their criticism on the low light performance, with some complaint of the color accuracy.
Franco kernel fixed it for me. Camera opens near immediately with double-press of power button and can take first pic in about 1 second or so.
Just for others reading, Chase does allow cash advances. No fee, at least for account holders. We did the same as OP when we got our prepaid Visa. Was surprisingly easy.
I've never liked his style. Far too annoying/pompous imo. I liked good morning columbus better when he was out on medical leave. Stopped watching when he came back.
Not lately, but that doesn't surprise me. Just shows Sinclair must be shitty to work for if anyone decent goes to WBNS but no one goes the other way.
RIP OP.
There's a reason all the good reporters and anchors end up at WBNS...
In the studio, on a chair no less. I assumed field piece.
Nah. It works fine, it just goes from running often to running constantly. Temp stays where it should. 500w of extra heat (from the plasma) is a decent amount on already hot sunny days.
Mine gets the brightness turned way down in the summer, whole house AC runs nonstop otherwise.
You don't know the animal was injured. We don't know the vehicle speed or how the vet visit went after.
Fair, but what's the harm if those things were happening? Other cities have restricted HOV lanes going in and out during rush hour and they may or may not have shoulders. 

I guess I don't see what's different about Columbus that would present unique challenges in having HOV lanes.

If it's allowed with a lower speed limit, throw some speed cameras on it.
They just temporarily close the whole road for that or doing rolling closures. Been stuck in that before.
I've always wondered why those lanes are not already HOV lanes. If buses can use them, why not carpools and vans?
In Michigan, it seems like the speed limits are suggestions anyway. Here, they'll probably enforce it to keep the highway patrol/union happy.
No one pushed it out of the car, it decided to do that. 
Same. Loved the 1.5 notifications and how hands free it was. It's a joke in 2.0
Notifications went to shit in 2.0

I'm boycotting the watch until they make some revisions. They went from easy, fast, intuitive and hands free to complicated, touch and gesture heavy, clunky, slow, and hard to use. I wish downgrading versions was possible...
Must depend on the model. My 360 sport did the wrist gesture really well. Maybe 1/50 times it didn't work the first try.
Can you really say minimal in terms of the small batteries in wear devices? I turned AOD off and went from 1 to 2 day battery life per charge.
Help Internet Police! I've been friended!
Byers got me thinking... Wonder if the site of Graham Ford plus Mt Carmel West would be large enough. Mt Carmel is already talking demoing some of that campus and Graham Ford has been dead for what feels like at least a decade.

Edit: that doesn't fix the "trendy neighborhood" issue that they want it to be walkable, bars and restaurants, etc.
You can tell that used to be a rail yard. I would guess union station was nearby.
Madlab or shadowbox may be other venues to research.
McCoy center in New Albany sometimes has affordable shows. Not likely free, but not Broadway touring prices either.
Can't you do it online during the 30 day grace period? I've done it online after the expiration before, but it wasn't long after and it was years ago.
Eh, it thins out after 8 or 9pm. It's definitely worse than it used to be, and Columbus not fixing issues with the lights isn't helping. I had to call in a broken sensor at McNaughton 3x over a few months before they fixed it. The light at giant eagle is still broken, it changes with no one there and stays red until it times out.
You mean closed?
Just my personal guess, but highly doubt Abbott would sell. Undeveloped land in the arena district seems the most promising if a downtown location is required.
I agree. This type of post belongs in their sub, /r/themassive or whatever.
They aren't evens selling out playoff games. Games that were after all this news broke.

I get why fans want it to stay, but it seems unlikely it will unless Precourt gets rejected in other markets. He clearly wants to move it with filing trademark applications and those spoofed emails indicating he never intends to come back here.

He's just out to make as much as possible off his purchase of the team. There's no loyalty when chasing the almighty dollar is guiding  the decisions.

At the end of the day, the sports cult in Columbus is Ohio State football. That's the sport/team the majority of sports fans in the city care about. No other team is going to compete with that.
That's not certain. Several folks have pointed out how poor their marketing is vs other orgs like the Blue Jackets. If they went from their decent, but flat attendance to selling out, they very well could make more money.

For example: The city has a huge student population, yet the Crew does very little to get them buying tickets and attending games.
*electric snek
This. My wife had a limited budget for new tires, so I found a great price on tirerack.com and had walmart install them. It's a Civic, nothing crazy, so I thought they could handle it...

Walmart smashed one of the TPMS sensors when the mounted the tire. We didn't take care of it right away (not that hard to check it manually), and unfortunately they smashed it so bad, there were plastic bits flying around inside the rim that wore the tire from the inside. It had to be replaced when it was only a few months old with a few thousand miles on it. 

0/10 wouldn't recommend walmart for tires. To Walmart's credit, they did cover the cost to replace the sensor (at Discount Tire) but iirc, we had to pay for the replacement tire itself.
I go for Discount Tire (not Tire Discounters, their prices are high and they justify it with marketing spin for products and services you may not need, and if you do, may be cheaper elsewhere).

Discount Tire is great about price matching if you find a good price or get a quote from a competitor cheaper than their price for the same tire.

I've heard good think about Katz as well, but haven't been personally. I think they are on 161 in your neck of the woods ("NE") if that helps.
Part of the EPA mpg calculation is based on the vehicle weight, so sometimes they cut stupid things to get 1 more MPG (better for their CAFE average and better to advertise/sell).

For example: One trim level plus a manual transmission in my car equals GM deleting the following items for weight:

Rear armrest and cup holder

3 gallons in the gas tank (they use a float to shut off the fill pipe; you can cheat and trickle fill the last 3 gallons

Spare tire, jack, and lug wrench

If you buy that same trim level with an automatic, you get all that stuff. I love the car but hate that stupidity. Someday I'll re-add those items myself.
May not matter... plenty of new cars don't even come with a spare or run flats.

Half of my cars are that way. The one has an air pump and can of fix a flat. The other had run flats from the factory but they are around $300 per tire to replace, so most people get conventional tires and AAA instead. Most run flats only work for 50mi or less anyway.
airplane mode. After you hit that, you can turn wifi back on if needed, but cellular will remain off.
I thought they just got rid of the ability to run speedtests on inactive sim cards
Bird law?
Depends how you look at it.

You can absolutely drive the Volt as much as you want without charging it. In that sense, it's only using gas as the energy source. Some fleet Volts were used like this and had abysmal lifetime averages showing in the info center.

Now, functionally, is the gas engine always applying torque directly to the wheels? Of course not. The electric motors will often be what's physically moving the car. But where did the electricity come from if the car is not ever plugged in? Gas. So you're using gas as the fuel source. That's the only input into the vehicle.
As far as I know, pretty much every EV does it to an extent. GM just seems to have been the most conservative, which results in the least actual range decreases.

First gen leafs are known to be the worst for capacity loss, especially in hot climates. Nissan cheaped out and air cooled it instead of liquid cooled like most other EVs. They had enough claims, they had to establish a standard where if it lost enough capacity during the warranty, Nissan replaced the battery for free. I believe if it lost 4 bars on the capacity meter (out of 12), they replaced it. 
Doesn't say what "it" is. Maybe he means the seats have another 150k in em.

/s
How about tree fiddy and a broken ps3. Final offer.

/craigslist
2.0's notifications are terrible. I stopped wearing my 360 sport because of how useless they became. After 2.0 update, I found myself skipping the watch and pulling out my phone/unlocking it, etc for each notification as that was easier than dealing with the watch.
I'm with you. I went on eBay and almost bought an un-upgraded one. I decided not to sink more money into wear and stuck it in a drawer instead. Went back to a janky fitbit charge HR.

My use case for the device is gone with 2.0 due to how bad the notification interface is now. So instead I rooted my phone to unlock the notification LED and deal with that as being a good enough solution to replace the poorly laid out notifications on wear 2.0
Fine. Replace Condados with Hot Chicken Takeover and On the Border with KFC.

Or Jenis vs Baskin Robbins. There's tons of examples.
Not even close
And other than regen, how does it make that electricity? Gas.

Also, it can apply torque from the engine directly to the wheels by engaging certain clutches when it is the most economical to do so.
It's for battery lifespan. The capacity loss you see in old batteries (ie:cell phones) occurs most from usage at the bottom and top of the range. GM locked out roughly 20% at the bottom and 20% top of the battery. So when you charge it, it doesn't charge to it's physical capacity, and when you drive it, the car cuts over to gas before the battery is physically drained. This limit is why Volts have virtually no range loss over time as it greatly reduces the rate the battery loses capacity.
There is. Hold mode or just don't charge it. It'll run only on gas
*you're
Seems to depend on the day. I've gotten both
Yes there is..  you can get Condados in Columbus. You can get On the Border in Columbus. One of those is unique to Columbus and one isn't.
What is the other unique hot dog experience in town besides Dirty Franks? I only ask because of the sarcasm tag, which sounds like you're saying there's something better in that niche.
I'm on T-Mobile, Franco, and stock 7.1.1 but not having these issues.

The closest I had was no data leaving work the other day and had to reset the data connection with airplane mode. The odd thing was it was connected to band 4 but just refused to send or receive data.
Done
Nope, was definitely the one at Morse and Cherrybottom. We go to the superchefs there regularly so I knew about it for a while before finally visiting. And yeah, the pineapple was not diced, so you got none of it, then a bunch at once. Bits was probably poor word choice on my part.

I did go on the 2 for 1 day, so it was super cheap... but super bland and disappointing. I'll have to give them a second try.
Nope! GM is so bad, they will charge you the low, low price of $130 for data from 2009! Needless to say, my CTS-V has the 2007 disk it came with lol
Unless you put in an aftermarket head unit in, you'll have to take high level input from the speakers. One of my cars has a pac audio passive converter that steps it down to line level. I've had much better luck with that vs using the high level inputs on an amp.
I've found something pointy like a pin works great. You just scrape in circles and avoid the pins in the middle obviously. 
Fair enough. I worked in the area from 2008 until February and the commercial vacancies are still piling up. My employer alone vacated 6 leases in the area over the years and only half have been filled. Violent crime didn't seem to drop off, the Continental apartments were getting worse imo. We even had an employee get robbed at gunpoint in full daylight on a weekday in our parking lot. 

The hotel situation seems mixed... there's less problem hotels, but there's still a ton of vacant ones in the area. With Northland, you at least have a pretty decent commercial occupancy rate. There's a few vacant businesses, but not like 161/71 area.
I'd only ever heard of Hedley Lamar from Blazing Saddles. Had no idea that whole gag was based on a real person's name. TIL.
I'm ready for them to ticket left lane campers, people too stupid to turn on their lights at night, etc. 

It's the wild, wild west of broken cars in my area since most cops don't enforce equipment violations. 
This. May all be touched by his noodly appendage. Ramen.
It's way better now than it was in the last 15 years or so. It's improved to the point Kroger dropped the capital to build a brand new store right in the middle. Huntington just dropped millions renovating the old Meijer. If I had to pick between working near there vs Eastland or Westland area, I'd pick Northland.

The 161/71 and Busch area are still in decline imo. They haven't hit bottom yet or started rebounding.
Do their Al pastor tacos usually have any taste?

The time I tried them, the tortilla had more taste than the filling. I was super disappointed after all the hype from friends, on here, food Network, etc. It basically tasted like a tortilla with occasional bits of pineapple.
Yeah it shouldn't be a liability either, it just shouldn't really exist. It's such a grey area which is an odd thing to have an accounting. Really want things to be black or white as much as possible.
Yeah, what's with the mods in this sub? Makes this less of a worthwhile place to subscribe to if most of the discussion is censored.
Some people on here and Facebook have reported the dealer replacing 1 of the 4 cell blocks when a cell went bad. That may be GM's policy just to save individual dealers from getting too hands on with the guts of the battery.

Overall the failure rate has been extremely low. There was an article posted at one point with GM engineers talking about the failure rate and how great LG Chem was doing. Edit: found it!

https://insideevs.com/general-motors-exec-less-than-2-problems-per-million-chevy-volt-cells-produced/
Bad title? Seems pretty damn accurate to me.
This is why my friend's dad was the only person who could kill him in Halo. His dad was terrible, but completely unpredictable. Since he couldn't anticipate his dad's attack, he couldn't always counter it appropriately. It was fun to watch or play with those two, my friend would get so mad.
Heh. Even as an accounting major, Goodwill accounts/balances always seemed like pure management BS. 

It seemed like a made up management slush fund that was basically "well, we overpaid for XXX acquisition, but we think we'll magically make all this money based on the brand name we acquired or something". It seems like more often than not, it's just there to pump up the assets side of the balance sheet.
The Franklin county turnout seemed insanely low. I didn't expect much for a local election like this, but wow...
Just shows with enough spending, you can really influence the election!

I generally supported issue 2, but the quantity of ads trying to get us to vote no really screamed "I have something to lose" from those spending that money. That cemented my position.
That's exactly what I was saying. When there's light traffic, there's no downside to merging early as long as you aren't slamming on your brakes or some other stupidity that causes a traffic jam.

Zipper merges should be about matching speed and doing it in the correct place.
It depends on the conditions. In heavy traffic, the zipper merge should be the only thing people are doing. It maximizes and fully utilizes the available road capacity. In light traffic, sure, merge as soon as you can without slowing down as it has no negative consequences.
How often does the latter happen though? 

Most of what I see is people merging too early. The area between 670 and Easton on 270N is the perfect example. Everyone tries to merge in the first 25' instead of doing it anywhere in the 1 mile or more you have, and then traffic on the 670E ramp and/or 270N itself backs up from dummys slamming on their brakes for no reason.

Edit: removed unnecessary punctuation
That shit drives me insane. Or double turn lanes where people change lanes in the intersection, or 5 feet past it. If you wanted the left lane, use the left of the two turn lanes dummy!

People are really bad about it on Stelzer turning right onto the 270 ramp. 
L1 is better than nothing, but just barely. 
It's not though. You're interchanging units in a manner that is wildly inaccurate. At 120v/12A charging, you're looking at roughly 1.4kw input. The cabin and battery heaters consume up to 6 and 7kw if running at full tilt. If you're putting in 1.4kw and consuming 7kw, that's a deficit of 5.6kw, not .31kw. That deficit has to come from the battery. How much kWh is drained from the battery depends on how long you precondition, your charging speed, and if the heaters run at full tilt or level off because they reach the desired temp. That's because kWh is a measurement of consumption over time, which is also how stored energy in a battery is measured.

A "13kw" battery tells you nothing useful because you have no idea if it could sustain a 13kw draw for 1 second, or several days. A 13 kWh battery tells you something useful: that the battery is capable of providing a sustained 13kw over the time period of an hour. This is why you can't interchange units like you are, one is instant, the other is as measured over time.

Edit: Thanks to whomever popped my gold cherry, on this month old thread! I never would have guessed this would be my first gold...
Good. I've long called Snapchat on Android a dumpster fire. It's the only app the lags on my phone.
It's SprinT-Mobile. Get it right.

/s
USCC: why yes, we do still exist.
And the part of the ship where the front fell off
I have 3 free lines that will immediately start charging $65/mo if I switch to One, so I'm staying put. (That's ignoring the fact the base plan is $40 more and we'd all lose the unthrottled hotspot)
Email John. Them not helping with the price drop is stupid, especially after the other BS.

This is why I order from tforce only, or the manufacturer directly whenever possible. TMobile has a good network, but logistics and retail are not their strong suit imo.
Agreed on content. I found myself watching something maybe 1 time a month. They kept giving me free months several times in a row, but it never hit a point it was worth paying.
What's out there?
You keep using that word... I don't think it means what you think it means...
Only would happen if a wave hit it
Yeah, if you have a commute you can do mostly with EV range, it's probably less valuable. 
That's fair. I'm sure their proximity to Easton doesn't help, plenty of shoppers who just go a bit further to Easton instead of bothering with Creekside.
I think they will, but I think people also forget just how complicated the car manufacturing business is. Tesla is a still a new company and doesn't have mass production experience under their belt. Even once they are cranking units out, there are still going to be hiccups, growing pains, and bugs to work out with the product and their processes.

I don't doubt the Model 3 will eventually outsell other EVs, but who knows how long it's going to take before we get there.
That's the point. Maybe there should be some opposition to an apparent contradiction of the bill of rights and the removal of a basic liberty.
Marcus has one in Pickerington on 256 just off I-70. It's not far from the Brice or Eastland ones you mentioned.

They do $5 tickets and free popcorn on Tuesdays. 
DISCUSTING
Possibly, assuming Tesla can ramp up production speed.
The charger that comes with the 2nd gen Volt and Bolt can do 12A @ 240v, or 3kw. You just have to use an adapter so you can plug it into a 240v outlet. Beats the first gen volt's charger which only supported 120v unless you did some modifications to the circuit board.
The regular Prius battery doesn't have anywhere near that range. It's in the ballpark of 1 mile. You're thinking of the plug-in prius, the prime.
If you're going to deplete the battery, you may want to save some battery for later in your drive where it would be more efficient. People with city driving toward the end of their commute would be a prime example. Use the engine during the high-speed highway part of the commute and switch to EV mode in the city where the gas engine is less efficient than the electric. Some Volt hypermilers have added a little bit of EV range to their commutes doing this. 
I don't agree with the law. But sadly, the law is on the books and until struck down as unconstitutional, the government will keep the law there and use it when they want.

These individuals should absolutely be given a lawyer and a court date.
Wat
Wow. As shitty as that is, I'm only a tiny bit surprised. I've always advocated to fire them for a different vendor but never had any luck. Someone higher up put them in.
Good ole Pai strikes again.
Funny, the indefinite detention provision only first showed up during Obama's tenure, and he signed it anyway. Sounds to me like he was the one who authorized it since he was the first president to sign off on it.

You can make that argument if someone blames Obama for the Patriot act, as that was a Bush era law renewed under Obama, but not the indefinite detention. 
"Isn't legal" and "we're doing it anyway" are sadly two separate things. The US government is the prime example of "do as I say, not as I do"
Sprint is the one who wants and needs the merger. They dropped to 4th place and their financials are disastrous. 
Coverage, speed, and customer service are Sprint's largest issues. They work just fine for plenty of folks, but they also have real competition now. 

Tmobile was a distant 4th in the market but now is in great shape and has surpassed Sprint to take the #3 spot. Sprint is used to being in a comfortable 3rd place and now that they have real competition, they don't know what to do. Their financials scream needing this merger.
CDMA would slowly get shut down as happened to MetroPCS's CDMA network when TMobile bought metro.
Sprint's voice only coverage in very rural areas is often Verizon roaming. I can't find the article, but I recall them paying an insane amount to Verizon monthly... Like half a billion a month or more.
Inferior, but growing rapidly. Once band 71 is fully deployed, I suspect the difference between the carriers will be much smaller.
You are uninformed or underinformed about TMobile. TMobile doesn't throttle their unlimited data plans.
Doubtful. Markets with 3 major companies are far less competitive. Look at Canada, their cell plans are expensive and you get very little for your money. Verizon and ATT would love not having to compete on price.
They are a mediator. It's always worth a shot, outcome will depend if the company responds to complaints.

I got out of HP warranty hell via a BBB complaint. 3 service incursions, one entirely new (but inferior) replacement laptop later, problem wasn't fixed. They wanted to give me a 3rd new laptop, despite the warranty terms saying a refund was an option after 3 unsuccessful repair attempts. BBB complaint got me to the corporate office who mailed a refund check the next day.
They're close today but that wasn't the case a few years ago. We cut our bill in half when switching from Verizon to TMobile two years ago and the coverage in our area is virtually the same. Also, the Verizon plan had a very limited amount of minutes, texts, and data, and now we can use our phones as much as we want and have yet to run out of data.

Now you have to wait for a good promo to save money going from one carrier to another.
There's still Marcus and AMC Easton. 
It's Bexley only. You can find plenty of neighborhood joints open late in most of the other suburbs.
Gahanna did this with Creekside, but the rest of the community is a typical suburb.
That's assuming they don't also subscribe to the "all brown people are potential terrorists" thinking and see them as less than human.
Or the NSA...
Eh, it's probably not illegal. One of the NDAA bills Obama signed authorized indefinite detention without trial.
Umm, his ass signed it. He could have very easily vetoed it and told Congress to pull their head out of their ass and remove that provision as it's not even remotely compatible with our ideals or the Constitution.

But he didn't. Obama was clearly pro-military and probably supported indefinite detention as a tool in his arsenal.
I think you mean make the rich richer. No more pesky humans wanting payment every week...
Cintas is the worst. They can't even invoice their own services correctly.
It does. That said, any power pulled out of the 12v battery has to be replenished from somewhere. Since the car has no 12v alternator, it comes from the high voltage battery via a dc to dc inverter.
My list:

Sandman's

Penn Station

Charley's

(In that order)
You have to add a line to a T-Mobile One plan to qualify at the trucks.
Not sure the booster is still available. I believe it's now only the 4G LTE Cellspot
I too have zero interest in OSU sports. You learn to just tune it out and/or go along with the fervor. We've been here 19 years and the shock that I don't watch the games or really even know where they are and when has subsided. 
It's odd they are so bad in the Volt. The safety package in the Cruze is pretty good, blind spot warning, cross traffic alert, and rear parking sensors. All of them work fine. Only thing it does oddly sometimes is beeping at a low curb that's well below the bottom of the bumper. But that's few and far between.
Indeed. Leadership at its finest.
The best news. So much winning. We're going to be tired from all the winning.
Sure, but most people don't realize that Ford took even $1 from the government. That's the misconception. Was it from the TARP fund? No. Was it from the DOE? Yes. 

In the end, did all three ultimately need government money to continue existing? Yes. Ford would have likely folded or filed for bankruptcy if they hadn't got the DOE loan.

People also don't realize that Fords still owes money to this day. I'm not faulting them for not having paid it back, but it is something not most people know.
Yeah,  it's always been busy and somewhat congested at rush hour, but you could usually get through several lights at once. Now in the busy, but not rush hour times, you accelerate up to 50, then slam on the brakes because you hit 75% or more of the lights. They just aren't timed right and traffic suffers as a result.
Functionally, the funds came from separate places yes. Ford was in no better financial shape though and there was a very likely chance they would have had to declare bankruptcy like the other two had they not gotten the DOE green loan to invest into revamping their product line (small cars specifically iirc). There's some pretty good books about what was going on inside all 3 during this period. "Once Upon A Car" was the most interesting/enlightening to me.
They took those too from private banks. This discussion is around government dollars, so didn't bother diving into the loans and line of credit they took from banks. They leveraged pretty much all their assets to get those loans too (iirc including the ford name, brand, and logo itself even).
I believe their beak is the closest thing they have to a bone. Which is why they can usually fit through any space larger than their beak
Jesus that's depressing. A judge can't even get the police to be accountable for assault.
Do what you can to live well below your means. If and when you find ways to increase your income over time, make sure you save that money instead of spending it. Have a budget and stick to it. Cut out unnecessary expenses and find ways to reduce recurring expenses. I just started packing my lunches and it has cut down my food spending significantly (and I'm not talking cooking, haven't really dived into that yet). 

/r/personalfinance has a lot of good folks and tips to help get you where you want to be.
The leaf has thermal management in the battery, Nissan just cheaped out and air cooled it vs liquid cooled it.
Yup. Also why the Cruze has tons of empty space under the hood, it's nearly the same as the volt minus all the EV bits and add a tiny integrated turbo and intercooler.
That's a misconception. Ford too was in dire financial straights and leveraged every last thing to survive. They took government money, it was just under a department of energy loan instead of the tarp bailout program. All 3 needed and got government money to survive.

As of a year ago, Ford still owed $3.5B to the US government.

https://www.forbes.com/sites/joannmuller/2016/09/21/trump-should-be-asking-will-ford-pay-off-its-government-loan-before-moving-small-cars-to-mexico/
That's a misconception. They too we're in dire financial straights and leveraged every last thing to survive. They took government money, it was just under a department of energy loan instead of the tarp bailout program. All 3 needed and got government money to survive. 
Jet's Pizza seems like a love it or hate it kind of place. Couple friends had an undying love for it when living nearby, and later moved out of state when a Jet's franchise management opportunity opened up.

Personally, it's the last place I order from. It's too bready and way too greasy. Marcos, Papa Johns, Dominos, etc will get my business before Jets does.
That's how my MIL's pit bull gets off the couch. Looks ridiculous every time.
Certainly seems that way.
Glow Putt in Gahanna near 62 is pretty fun and not too expensive.
Mine all of a sudden the signal is way stronger at home and this week I had the fastest speedtest I've ever had on my phone. 

I usually get between 10-16mbps at home, but this time I got 65mbps. I have an 3 year old phone so it can't do carrier aggregation over multiple bands like newer phones can, so 65mbps over 1 band of LTE is pretty good.
I wouldn't see you being the target. They care about any system with an autodialer.
It really went to shit when they built the Menards. The traffic lights had already been really well timed but after they reworked that light for the new Menards, it doesn't change with the other lights and traffic sucks.
There's already that near Polaris, with the freestanding one being across the street from the one in the mall.
Massive manufacturing and warehouse for Bell Labs, which later became Lucent Technologies. It almost became an electric car battery plant about 5 years ago. I think there was talk of an indoor go-cart track at one point too. 

It was razed in the last 2ish years.

Apparently the site had previously been a ton of tracts of land that were given to soldiers returning from one of the wars. Bell bought up all the parcels and had them combined back into one if memory serves.
Uhh. Yes, their rent dollars fund the expenses of the house, including taxes. So yes, they indirectly are the taxpayer. If taxes go up, the landlord is very likely to increase the rent at the lease renewal.
Meh. Pass. Best of luck to you.
You'd probably need to look at the RPO code sticker for something that specific (and know the code specific to ACC of course). The VIN doesn't usually get that specific. Engine, year, and body type, sure.
From some travels this year, LTE but capped ridiculously slow. Less usable than the 128 kbps international roaming. 
Depends on the store. I'll only eat at the one near my house, the others the food sucks.
It doesn't, it just stores the card number. It'll still expire on 11/6. 
Apple for making this debacle in the first place. I get they want to save money and do business with more than one monopolistic vendor, but we their customers want a consistent product that will work on whatever carrier we choose. Some customers shouldn't get a handicapped device just to benefit Apple's supply chain.
The Intel Puma 6 modems would disagree with you. Still having latency issues.
I pretty much did that this month. Only made one grocery trip, packed lunch almost every day, and only bought one durable item: a car seat heater on sale for $11.63. 
Yup, but the same goes if you have any kind of VOIP service or even the digital phone from the phone or cable company. If the power goes out at my parent's house, their AT&T landline would be dead immediately had I not purchased a backup battery for the modem (AT&T refuses to supply one even if you subscribe to their phone service).
You'll have outdoor service in good areas (in my experience). Indoors could be weak depending on the construction materials of the building. 

Fair is hit or miss. Might be ok or might have nothing at all.
How is the coverage near their home? The LTE cellspot would cover them at home if they can live with whatever the coverage is near their house (assuming they have internet at home).
For sure did. The end was the part I was being critical of.
I mean, at that age you can sneeze and get a stiffy. Doesn't take much.
Alternatively, it's the game where everyone wins
Or in their case, their expenses are our taxes!
There's a difference between letting a client go because it's not mutually beneficial, and being hostile. This is closer to the hostile end. Just say no or pad the quote initially.
I understand customers can be assholes and I've been on your side of the desk for years, but if one of my vendors pulled that stunt, I'd be looking for a new vendor immediately. 

You can just say no or pad the quote initially if you know their process involves always asking for a discount. Or offer to remove a feature and the associated hours (with it called out in the contract that customer declines XXX). 
At least BuzzFeed spells words correctly
Hit menu button in the top right. You can turn that shit off.
Facebook lite. It's a chrome skin for Facebook so the whole thing is like 3mb.
If they are bad, why keep going? Order from care or tforce.
Eh, they've made these types of things before and hit them. Unless they hit major red tape, they can probably pull it off. 
And "things you'd think are already illegal" for $400, Alex
Once ever. The cbus when visiting our downtown office, then a nearby supplier. 

To take it from home to work would take more than 3x longer and the fares cost $3 more than I pay in gas. I'm not opposed to public transit, but it has to not suck. 
Core 2 Duo. It's running Windows 10. The GPU is starting to show signs of age under heavy use, but otherwise is completely stable and works. I swapped the in a SSD, but that's all I've changed. 

I don't use it for gaming, it's too old for that. Just general applications/web/video streaming, etc.
Dell used to be good at least. I still have a 11 year old Dell laptop and power cord that's still kicking and gets regular use.
Based on Singapore's notoriously strict law enforcement/punishments, I'm going to assume he was put to death for this error. /s
There's a difference between safe driving and poor driving. Not being able to merge or otherwise operate your vehicle to the point interstates go from 60-65mph average to 15 mph average (both during rush hour) has nothing to do with leaving more room or being more safe. It's just a lack of ability to properly operate your vehicle.
That's why that strip club closed and became Helen's Asian kitchen? TIL
Because rain correlates with all driving skills and rules being tossed out the window? Sure seems like everyone has forgotten how to operate a vehicle even when misting.
There's a difference between being cautious and being oblivious. We're discussing the latter, those folks who aren't even looking at the light or traffic 
It's not the door strength in question, it's the fact that with the door open, the building is more like a sail. It's catching that wind with nowhere to go. Pressure builds up and finds an exit point, which involves collapse of the structure. The point was IF the door was closed AND withstood the wind, it may have deflected enough pressure for the structure to remain standing.

What I wonder is if there had been an equally sized open door on the opposite side, if the pressure would have been able to pass through with the structure unharmed.
I never said it doesn't fall into flagship territory, I just listed a variety of reasons that some buyers may not find it to be a flagship. 

Samsung's phones hit 4/5 of those, and I say that as someone who has no intention of ever owning one of their phones (can't stand their OS skin and bloatware).
No wireless charging (even Apple has gotten on the bandwagon)

No headphone jack

Giant bezel

Not IP68

No LTE band 71 support
I've never had that feeling about the Nexus 6. I even bought it a year after release, and still use it today. I used a buddy's brand new S8+ recently and prefer the N6. Only thing I dislike are the mediocre cameras. Back camera does just fine in daylight, but is meh at everything else. Front is meh all the time.
I didn't say it, I *declared* it!
Your bank's online bill pay may allow for a reoccurring check to be sent to their address on the same day each month. You can even include an account number so they know where to apply the payment. That's how I pay my condo fees as they too want checks. I have multiple checking accounts at different banks and they all offer it (for free).
Craigslist or thrift stores yo. You can get shit super cheap. I got my couch and coffee table in like new condition for $25 and $20 respectively. 
I wish. Last trip to Kohl's we about walked away from the register without buying because the salescritter kept harping on about how great their card was. We said no four times before she stopped.
Yes, because cramming the same quantity of vehicles into one lane instead of the two that are available will somehow magically improve traffic... /s

Seriously though, that entrance would be much better if odot forced the merge point to be further down via barriers. The far right lane never has steady traffic to the end like it should in rush hour, instead people merge left too soon causing the Gemini and the Polaris westbound to 71S ramp to backup like crazy.
A have a buddy that works at the Eastland Kroger, they still call it Krogetto (appropriately)
I vaguely thought I'd heard that but wasn't sure. Will edit.
Complete BS. If she has internet at home, best solution is the LTE cellspot. 

If she doesn't, the LTE booster might work.

Both are available from T-Mobile for a $25 deposit. Maybe she should call customer service instead of going to the local store.

EDIT: LTE booster isn't around anymore.
Did the front fall off? I hear that tends to happen when a wave hits the ship.
Sometimes yes. More rebates and incentives.
I don't think that's the case. I'll buy the spark was a compliance car, but not the Volt/Bolt.

GM makes more profit today per unit from gas cars, so they're in this weird lukewarm state with EVs. I think they see the future of EVs, but don't want to threaten their bread and butter today. The end result? Good EVs but shitty marketing. They're just there. You have to want one and go looking for it, they won't be coming to you.