Email your prof. Explain your situation. Most will probably bump you up. 
Bought my dad an iPhoneX for Christmas. Totaled around $1700 after tax, AppleCare, case, and screen protector.

Rationale: He just started a new business and his 3 year old phone had many problems.  I am a student and had made some decent money over the summer, so why not? Used my cash back credit card and paid it off the next day in full. 
I'd say you should try to learn C++ if you are in BME. Reason being you'll work a lot with microcontrollers and robotics I presume, and they are programmed in variations of C++ (ex. Arduino, RobotC, etc.). C++ is a high level language so learning Java thereafter should not be difficult as a lot of the skills are transferable. If you don't want to work with these technologies, I'd say learn Java. Java is very strict on syntax and it's supported everywhere. There are libraries for almost anything with Java, and that is very useful when working in companies with a lot of industry hardware and software - someone has already done the hard part and probably created libraries for it. 
Marks come out today at 4pm for me. Very stressed 😖
You know it's bad when your professor takes off midterm marks from D2L because he's "updating final marks."
Running Android Oreo if that is of relevance.
Just used it, thanks. 
Who tf tries to steal a car on the Gardener?
Jheezzz say less
All the big porn companies are based out of Montreal. So that's a step in the right direction
He didn't get far. There was a police car waiting at the top lol
Same at Ryerson. Especially in TRSM.
Loblaws is more present in Toronto. Fortinos is in the suburbs (GTA).  
In my opinion, the only good maple syrup from stores is this from Fortinos:
 http://m.presidentschoice.ca/en_CA/products/productlisting/pc-100-pure-maple-syrup-canada-grade-a-amber.html

The one I buy. A bit pricey though. 
Thank you for the answer! I was worried that I would get penalized or something. 
I'm on 250Mbps and it's slower. Main reason I started avoiding the desktop reddit and instead using Reddit Is Fun on my phone. 
I'm a student. I don't owe the CRA any money, but I might be a few days late filling sending off my tax returns. Does the CRA care? 
I got really good ones for Wednesday at 3:45 PM. D-BOX UltraAVX like 4 rows from the back and directly in the middle.
Sold out until Wednesday everywhere here in Toronto in DBox and iMax. 
Yup! Luckily that was the only long question.  Shazzat blessed us on the rest. 
Yup, he asked to find input and output resistances as well. Luckily not corner requirements or output voltage swing.
Yup. Protected in Canada.
"He can't put a 5 stage BJT amplifier on the final lol. It takes way to long!"

Puts it anyway. Asks to find final gain. Asks to do DC and AC analysis and find everything.
Luckily I studied it, but the question I thought wouldn't be on the exam was an infinitely long line of current, and a loop of current next to it. It was electromagnetics I. Find magnetic field everywhere, flux, mutual conductance, force, torque, and distance vector from origin. Only 20-25 marks.
lmao wtf is going on?
Happy Beebo Day!
So a notch and a crotch? 
No. Don't carry cash.
Here in Canada they have it now. However, I'm also allergic to Kiwi which isn't listed as an allergen. Especially annoying in fruit juice where you have to take a risk everytime you drink fruit punch as it just says "fruit juice" or "fruit extract" in the ingredients sometimes.
Fellow sesame allergy bearer. I carry an epipen and a blue inhaler. Had sesame accidently at Costco when I was young. Asked the booth whether this dip contained sesame and they assured me it didn't. Took 2 bites and my face got swollen and airway started to close. Lady denied everything and said she was not responsible for anything.
Ignore him. In some cases, they take out the RAM, hard drive, etc. and try to scam you.
Should I add an egg to help it come together better? Also, how about chickpeas instead of chickpea flour (don't have chickpea flour and never cooked with it)?
Bollards that can be painted or have leds in them? I like how in some areas, they paint them like candy canes during the winter. 
Phillips Oneblade. It's an electric razor. It doesn't have blades but gives you a smoother shave than a razor.  It's what I use for my sensitive parts. 
I'm heading to Toronto right now. Watched cp24 just 20 min ago and they said an official police response would be held soon. Has it been released yet? 
It's the UK. The most someone can do is call the police if someone is trespassing, but I'd bet no one would be that rude to a bunch of hobbyists and it's a big hassle as well.  In the US however, you would probably be shot. 
Went to a family friend's house for a wedding reception. It was like 12 hours long so I eventually needed to use the washroom. Well, apparently they have this new bidet. I did my business and then clicked wash because I was curious.  The wrath of Poseidon reigned up on my asshole and I jumped up. Next thing I knew, the possessed toilet was spraying water on the ceiling and mirror, which eventually was leaking into the vent. Left with PTSD for bidets. Didn't even know how to attempt to clean that mess up, but luckily there was no one waiting to use the washroom nor anyone who saw me go in. 
Well this chain was a rollercoaster of emotion. 
Shit, I have an electromagnetics exam tomorrow and this just gave me anxiety. 

Also, I think you forgot the laws for boundary conditions in electrostatic fields: laplacian of electric potential equals 0, and laplacian of electrical potential equals -(volume charge density)/(permitivity of free space)
Sorry, I didn't keep up with this story on CTV, but how was the news agency supposed to verify it? It was her word against his. Did they not present both stories? Andrew's side and the girl's side?
Shouldn't Brown sue the girl then? Sorry, I don't know anything about libel laws, but this clearly seems the fault of the girl and not CTV?
Lol no, it is because orange is associated with the Khalsa. 
Thanks! I'll let you know if it works out. 
Well, after my exams next week I'll try switching. This is one of the few packages I like from this sub that seems practical for me. I've tried some distros in the past, but the UI always kept drawing me back to Windows. Maybe this time it'll be different. Now just to learn how to apply icons, GTK, etc.
**4/5**

"Quiet, clean, but there were a few bumps along the ride."
Have been using that phone till just over a month ago. It is awesome. It has everything, great support on XDA, it's still fast, etc. Is it really 2 years old?
Better yet, if you're free, call back and waste their time. 
Maybe upgrade to a Civil Engineering degree? Many diploma programs in engineering technologies have collaborations with universities where you do a 2 year diploma, 2 year degree, and you end up with both. You'd then be an EIT, eventually get your PEng, and that's when jobs become more stable, full time, better pay, etc. You'll become very employable as you'll have the real world knowledge from college, and the theoretical knowledge from uni.
But in some fast food places, workers are actually happy and there is a better atmosphere. The McCafe at Union for example - the music is really good, the workers aren't miserable and they actually talk and laugh with each other, some sing along to the music. The Second Cup has happy workers and they seem to enjoy what they do. Starbucks kicks this up a notch and is typically very preppy. Whenever you visit a Tims, there's no greeting or smiles. Literally everyone is miserable. No hi or hello, just "what do you want" with a blank stare.
Oh damn, lol. Well, let's what the class average is. Were the questions at least as easy as the midterm practical? 
Or rather, fruit salad?

"FRUIT SALAD"
"YUMMY YUMMY"
Yup, these cloud service companies always do this. I think a fellow redditor had this happen to them years ago when they tried to go after Google for some issue. Moral of the stories, back up your cloud data. WD external hard drives have a cloud backup feature that is simple enough for most people. 
https://makeagif.com/i/FHGXT3
Took that course last year. Exam was so many for loops that you had to follow through to get the result. Did you guys also have the hand-written coding problem on the last page?
Let's at least get platforms 2 and 3 open before we consider a makeover.
So it will essentially be the size of the Daphne Cockwell Health Sciences Complex I'm guessing.
To add, also the 17000 Chinese who died building CPR, without confederation probably wouldn't have happened. Also the Sikhs who fought and died during World War I and II. Canada is a country with diversity deep in it's roots and many scars. These are the people who also are "founding Canadians."
Isn't there already a small university there? I think it's called Algoma? 
OP got 80 karma, worth it
Imagine this, but in every episode. Basically Indian dramas in a nut shell.
Fellow indo-Canadian. Interrupting your mom during one of these scenes would earn you a slap. Let me theorize what happened next: wife walked into the house, grandma faints, father in law slaps wife, son gets into argument, the whole pind surrounds the scene and has shocked looks, mother in law is secretly enjoying the wife getting slapped and is planning how to divide the family so she can eventually get the house and money.

So, did I do well?
God help you if a slap happens in the drama - the effects will give you a seizure.
Because nothing terrible happens in Toronto, eh? 
To give some perspective, this is like going to Imgur or pasteboard and changing a letter in the URL to see someone else's picture. Same with YouTube. This whole case is terribly handled and the police involved should be punished - for interrogating a minor without parental permission or a lawyer and also raiding the house with warrants or anything. Literally every programmer does something similar to this, especially when learning PHP or JS. I've done something similar with Java, except I was looking through a private server directory. 

All of the data this kid looked at was PUBLIC. No reason to arrest him. He should be given a reward for finding the security exploit - other companies like Microsoft have programs where they'd give you thousands for finding an issue like this in their programs, except in this case the sum would have been huge.
DURING the episode Iris tried to kill Devoe's wife using a plasma gun! Last season they tried to kill Savatar. This is becoming the Arrow where Oliver alternates between being a killer or not. Hell, didn't Barry and the Arrow team try to kill Savage in that mini crossover? 

No no, but sure..."We don't kill.."
I love this because I have exams till next week so I had no time to file taxes. 
Apparently not. It's in the terms and conditions you accept. Also, your data is gone at that point, so what are you going to do?
Tangerine still not supported :(
Tangerine checking in. I also don't have Google or Samsung Pay :( I would switch, but I really like the investment portfolios and the credit card Tangerine has. Pisses me off that they support Apple Pay though.
Bell got shot down on that by the CRTC I think. Search the CRTC on r/Canada or message them - they are very active on Reddit.
Well, 6,8,9,10 are not in my favour. Thanks...
Did they delete your accounts or anything? With some companies, if you attempt this, they will permanently delete your account and all data. 
I'm pretty sure the rest of Canada hates Toronto and Vancouver.  
Sounds like someone needs a lemonade to cool off.
This! This is the best way!
Hold the bixby key and say "call mom". If that doesn't work, say "okay google, call mom". If you're close to Eatons, bring it to the Samsung Store.
A lot of people don't use Whatsapp, it doesn't have a Desktop version, file sharing and group management is better through messenger, and ya Facebook owns Whatsapp.
I think you're a bit too angry and you think I'm supporting Facebook. Yes what they did was wrong, but Facebook is too established to the point where you deleting your account won't make a dent, everyone already has accounts which most won't delete, businesses will continue to use FB for advertising due to it's reach (despite what Elon Musk does), and finally Facebook is really good at pages and groups. There is NO ALTERNATIVE. For students, their uni, departments, courses, etc. all have groups where they post helpful info and events. FB is great at events and to make plans - probably the best as you can plan, map everything, invite people, set dates that regularly notify participants, etc.

Also, your opinion of FB businesses is flawed. It is definitely a great place to host a small business. Where else are you gonna get that much reach for no cost? Also, why change if what you're doing is working? You going to make a website, pay for licences, add SEO integration, etc. for a small suit selling business? Get real. It is a good model, which is why literally every company uses Facebook! SpaceX was one who deleted their page, but it was a publicity stunt - who cares what one company did? Amazon, Google, Microsoft, NASA, IBM, Oracle, Apple, etc. all have FB pages and there is a reason - because it is easy to advertise on and has HUGE reach.

Overall, you shouldn't knock FB for this scandal - it's an amazing tool for productivity. The privacy is terrible, but what else are you going to use? Call people for every little thing and when they say "it's on the FB group" you'll respond smugly "I don't have FB"? Then you'll have to make one. I personally dislike those people as it makes it very hard to plan and coordinate stuff with them.

Edit: Btw, you shouldn't just automatically dislike my responses to you.
I didn't say that. I'm not going to call my engineering department to ask what event is going on today, or call my friend to send me pdfs from a Facebook page for my course. Read my other replies for other examples about why it's useful to many people and me.
That's probably why. In my family, everyone has Facebook, so it's much more useful to me as I can connect with my relatives in India, Vancouver, Ontario, etc. Since they're all there, it's easier to share photos and plan events. If my cell doesn't work but I have wifi, I can message anyone. For university, all my courses and departments have groups where they post valuable information about tests, events, examples, elections, etc.
Okay, then that's great to hear. I've heard stories of it not even turning on in -20° weather, which is why I was worried. I can live with 30% less range - my commute is only like 10 km.
The thing is, it's too established for everyone to just say "let's delete Facebook." I hate it as well, but it's an important tool for a lot of people. Some businesses solely operate on Facebook (especially Indian saree and suit vendors). 
That's not going to happen. It's still the most convenient way to keep in touch with people, to message, etc. Everyone has Facebook, so if you're working on group projects or something, it's easier to communicate through messenger. Many school groups communicate info through FB. It's a good platform to find jobs, networking events, etc.
What EV do you drive? I've been thinking of getting an Ioniq, but have been looking at other models. My biggest concern is how it operates in, say, -20° weather. Been hooked ever since I drove my boss's Model X in ludicrous mode, but that's way too expensive.
Meanwhile I'm Canadian and I go to the doctor just for a headache or something same day. 
Free in Ontario if you're under 25. Heavily subsidized if else.
They come back in electromagnetics :( Especially when calculating magnetic fields. Source: reviewing a bit of calc 2 currently and memorizing these as deriving them would be help during the exam.
I'm mainly talking about the ebikes that look like a normal bikes, but have a tiny battery under the seat. Some are pedal assisted, and I believe all top out at 37km/h. 
How so? It's still more environmentally friendly than driving or transit. It's faster than a regular bike. Downsides are price security. Range is pretty good on newer models, with some batteries allowing for 150km/charge.
Winter boots, do the penguin, walk behind someone else.
I wish there were tax rebates for buying EV bikes. I feel like a lot more people would then bike to work, and it'll be easier to move with the flow of traffic.
Even more annoying with the wind picking up so they fly off roofs!
Oh, well then that's probably why. I don't have Twitter and I only checked https://www.ryerson.ca/registrar/students/exams/ . Haven't gotten any official emails, so it doesn't affect my schedule. Thanks for the correction though!
Ah okay, thanks for the response. Well, just built a new rig and I guess it's time to RGB it out!
Just checked, seems like Ryerson hasn't. Hopefully it clears up soon. As long as TTC and GO still run, I doubt they'd ever cancel class. Good luck with exams!
Try looking up some cell phone repair shops and calling them beforehand. Since it's not a common phone, I doubt most will repair it quickly as parts may need to be ordered. If that doesn't work, maybe try DIY with iFixit?
I still prefer this to +30° weather if I'm being honest. Been waiting for a good storm!
Still hearing the ice pellets hit my bedroom window. About to lose my mind. 
Damn, Ryerson gave no shits about the ice storm. It's going to be a struggle getting to class.  What college do you go to? 
Wait, it gets worse? I'm in Brampton. I thought this was the just of it.
Can I just buy a keyboard from Canada Computers, redeem the key, then return it?
1. I have mine set at $50. Autoreload when it drops to $40. My daily cost with Presto is about $18. I should never reach my limit until after two days, by which time it'll reload. And if for some reason it doesn't, it goes to -$6 just in case. So that's not a problem. 


2. You haven't noticed my comment about it working on other gates. Read it again. My presto works, but the yellow led paired with a green sign is where it doesn't work sometimes. Also, I take the GO after TTC and it works fine then - never had a problem with terminals. The gates have many problems and this is one, so why are you taking personal offense to critique if the gates?
I like circuits and building things. And money. But if I'm truly being honest, it was that one Iron Man scene where Tony Stark builds the Iron Man suit, and he is using that circuits keyboard.
Yellow does not mean you're out of money you idiot. Maybe check your info. before trying to correct someone, or is that too hard for you? Besides that, I have autoreload on my Presto, so it's not that issue. Secondly, it works on gates with a green led so that does mean my card is loaded and functional. It's an issue with the gates. 
Yup. I was that egotistical kid in first year alongside everyone else. Now, I know I know nothing as an engineering student. I just want it to be over. in 3rd year now. But overall, most first years have a god complex.
This is the ice storm happening this weekend eh? Shit... 
*All the other times it's gridlocked or a major accident. Get ready for this weekend boys - ice storm time :(
Fares don't even register sometimes. Like if my friend taps and enters, then I walk behind him while sliding my card to tap, it won't scan. I have to wait for it to close and then tap again. It's a waste of time during rush hour, so I don't bother because it backs everything up.
I hate the tapping on these gates! The leds don't even make sense. The sign could be green, but the led near the tap could be yellow. Then the opposite as well. So awkward as well when you keep trying to tap your card because the led near the tap point is green, but then you look up and the sign is red.
Happened to me at Union during rush hour near the exit gates. How does that even happen? Guy in front of me exited, then I tried to and one side closed while the other was open, then it turned red, then green like after 5 seconds,by which time there was a backup.
I really liked my secondary school's approach. In grade 11 and 12 science,  we had to pick a topic to do a primary research project on. In the first week we had to do preliminary research and establish a hypothesis, then provide a proposal. Then submit a list of materials that the school would buy for you (like chemicals,  elements,  specialized equipment, etc.) and you had the whole semester to work on it.  However, some students found that no articles supported their hypothesis and after some initial research that they needed to change their project. Obviously, teachers liked this because the student realized their mistake and chose to start from scratch again; they explained what was wrong and provided another proposal, which is good scientific practice and they used the scientific method to prove how they were wrong. Obviously, some students didn't and faked their results or wrote a terrible thesis,  which got them a bad mark. Overall, this project taught us how changing your proposal half way through the semester is not bad as long as you know why, justify it by the scientific method, and give a new proposal. Now being in science in university, many students never learned this skill and in uni, you can't do what the students in high school did with faking facts as they just fail or expel you. Obviously this person needs to learn this lesson.
It's more fatty and unhealthy. If you drink coffee every day and put heavy cream, it's not good for you. 
Who puts heavy cream in coffee? You put half and half
You can refill them at Pacific Mall probably.  
Politics aside, your casual wear needs work.
Because I've been taught that cancer isn't transferable, and this kind of topples down that part of my education on the subject.
Bare with me, so can humans get cancer in a similar way? By biting someone's tumour?
You know, typically I'm pretty unmoved and dead inside, but this actually made me tear up and cry a bit when I first heard the news. It was very horrific and I can't even imagine what the families are going through. So yes, I do care - it hit pretty close to home considering all of us had been on school teams and clubs where we go to different cities or countries to compete. How we get there is typically by bus. It could have happened to anyone of us, and I think that relation and the fact that it took place in Canada makes it so sad. The bond between teammates is great and even losing one would be devastating.
You could go to Uniqlo and get a full set, then return it after you're done. Pretty cheap there. Other than that, probably H&M.
You're not going to make a friend talking to a random someone sitting next to you on the bus who is probably tired during his/her commute, so why try? 
This right here. I was walking to class and some guy asked me what the time is. I was surprised because my immediate response was "sorry, I don't have any" because I thought it was someone asking for money. Infact, I walked like 2 steps past him before I realized. Took me a few seconds to actually process he was asking for the time, but I still felt nervous for some reason.
Sorry, I don't know about that area but if you have a gym membership, most gyms have a stairmaster, which I think would be more helpful for training.
Okay, yup. This right here is my nightmare, except no big spider to kill me - I'd just be forever crawled upon by spiders...
What do you mean hand them a card? You're never supposed to give your card to anyone. Just tap at the terminal in front of you. In this case, instead of tapping your card, you tap your phone.
I work in Toronto, so it's mainly debit or credit. They ask "card or cash?" I say "credit." They authorize credit and now whatever I do with the terminal in front of me is my concern - I tap my phone. You don't say you're paying by phone - that makes you have to explain how and then they may say "we don't support NFC" or something. Just say you're paying by debit or credit.
I got into watching the show a bit late - like 3 years ago. However, I've watched almost every trip he's been on from his YouTube channel, and seen his rants. I've learned so much about Canada from him and I hope this isn't the end for him on public radio or TV. He's really inspiring and it's sad to see him go. Your country loves you, Rick.
Do it at night when the road is empty.
The tip of a shoelace is called an aglet.

"A-G-L-E-T. AGLET! DON'T FORGET IT!"
This one quote from Doctor Who where 12th regenerates into 13th (i.e. Matt Smith) always stuck with me, and It's related to this. It was that we're all different people throughout our lives, and that's fine and good, as long as you don't forget who you were. 
My name is Barry Allen, and I am not the fastest man alive...
19, Why? Is it mainly teens that call it "Eatons"?
Except for Timmy. He was only fence-clinging at a grade 9 level. He's not with us no more - he's one with the wind. 
 What? Everyone I know calls it "Eaton's". Like,  "Are you at Eatons yet?" Or "I'm at the Nordstrom in Eatons"
Bring a mechanic friend or just someone who knows stuff about cars. Also, watch ChrisFixIt's videos on YouTube on buying a used car - he gives you info about what to look out for, and a handy, printable checklist. 
I'll try to find the video.
I think this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChHbZOTaXfc&t=144s
Glad you blacked out their names
I think it was marketplace,  but it was found that ontario tap water actually had less microplastics than bottled water from all major brands.
Jysk has low prices for curtains and rods.
 This is great. It'll save me about $200/month!
K.
What? I hear their ads on 680News and I think they show up on CP24 as well
r/jesuschristreddit
Holy shit is this the Benz dealership near Heartland Town Centre? Well, never going there. Thanks for the video!
PUBGo to the polls!
Just get a new S8 or S9 and are not used to the switched back and recents keys? Well, good news! You can swap the button layout in settings, as well as change the colour of the navbar!
Yup, and the version. However,  I think it's supported on most running Nouget or higher.
If you want to watch free movies and TV shows, in my opinion the best app is TerrariumTV. Don't get it from the Play Store - it's a fake there. Get it from the r/TerrariumTV subreddit - the developer is a fellow Redditor and is very active. It also supports casting, downloading, or streaming!
If you want Google Assistant or Google Home to do more obscure commands, such as ring your phone (even if it's on silent) when you say or text "I lost my phone", or match your home lights to your music, or save all your bank statements into an Excel sheet, etc. then you need IFTTT. It's basically simple command making. You select a trigger, select what happens, and you have a command. If you want to chain commands, you can become a "developer" and program in JS, or just make a command with multiple triggers and responses.
If you have a Samsung phone and you find the keyboard is too low on the screen and would much rather prefer space at the bottom like the iPhoneX has, do the following:
Settings -> Language and Input -> On-screen keyboard -> Samsung Keyboard -> Keyboard Size and Layout
You can double press the recents key to immediately switch between your two most recent apps!
Oh cool, didn't know that. I guess it sounded very similar to Hindi. But in essence, they were teasing him, eh?
Oh just wait, the Rebel Media and metacanada trolls will be all over this soon. Idiots. 
The guy who got hit was calling the truck driver "dada", meaning grandfather, but in a mocking connotation, similar to calling  someone "an old hag". 
http://drunkenengineer.tripod.com/Year1/ele202/blackbox/blackbox.html

You're welcome.  Memorize this. 
My unlocked, bought from the Samsung Store Note 8 also has this.
LOL actually got me for a sec
once
somebody
Looks like the balcony from Supergirl. Maybe that is why? So production teams don't interfere with each other?
What about this? https://mobilesyrup.com/2018/03/10/google-android-oreo-canada-samsung-galaxy-s8-note-8/

They said rollout was March 28. Samsung Members app also confirmed the date.

No shoes, no shirt, did he still get service?
Yes.
Honestly though, as someone who is not Christian, why are cute bunnies that hide eggs for children a symbol for the  death of Jesus?

I never really got that.
It also has garlic, spinach, and a lot of green onions. I usually make a big batch on Sunday to get me through the week. This time I tried pan searing tofu with only a few drops of oil. The result was crispy tofu that was amazing. I later tossed it in a soy sauce, olive oil, and siricha mix with a bunch of other spices. The sauce was a mixture of those Italian tomatoes you get in a can that I blended, and bruschetta for some texture. I also added some heavy cream because it makes the colour nicer.
Tweet Metrolinx, or FB Message Metrolinx and Shoppers (most companies use that instead of live chat). Or call Metrolinx.
Must do it at one of the locations mentioned in the tweet. Say you want to load your Presto with a Metropass. Show them the tweet.

Is that like the "eh" of New York?
A fellow student had the head prof walk into his lab as he had some free time, take a look at the student's circuit (CE amp.), criticize it for how much noise he had due to all the wires, and pull everything out. Like half the time had already passed. He had to start from scratch and I doubt he finished.
Thank you!
no u
The empty room on campus that you go to study in since it's so quiet. Also the few clean, quiet, barely used washrooms where you can take a shit in peace without the soundscape of the Iraq War in the stall next to you...
Are they super warm like +30°C? Or more like winter all-year-round?
The funny thing is that universities will never by shut down, but professors will email you like 30min before class saying class is canceled as they can't make it, so you just wasted like 1 hour commuting...
So I should fit right in as a Canadian? 
Hey, I'm Canadian but if we have problems like this, we contact our Ombudsman. Check to see if your country has some system such as this in place. It forces HP to respond within a set period of time (I think a week) or they start getting fined.
Meanwhile, during the ice storm my university didn't care.
My Note 8 is unlocked. Where is my update? I'm Canadian btw.
I admit, we have a serious problem with that. The government's of past treated our first nations horribly. Hopefully the steps recent government's are taking to support first nations are somewhat helpful and support the first nations communities. They suffered long enough.
On Samsung phones, they're pretty accurate. 
What are you going to do about it? Cut off all social media, never use Gmail or Outlook, and switch to a secure distro of linux? You can't escape this invasion of privacy. Now I may get downvoted for this, but like realistically, what solution do you guys have? 
Canadian here. There have been very few actual shootings in schools. The largest one was in a university actually. It is called the Montreal Massacre. A gunman went into an engineering lecture, forced the men and women to separate, told the men to leave the room, and shot all the females before commuting suicide.

Although, we don't have the elementary and secondary school shootings like the US does a lot.
I just picked a random tag since they didn't have one for Ryerson. I commute everyday, so that's two GO trains a day.
Because who cares? Your Android phone is already with you everywhere, Google manages my work through GSuite, they manage all my pictures and contacts, etc. What's adding another Google product? It's actually really convenient and I use it everyday.
Or the "WHAT DO YOU MEAN THERE'S A FLOATING NODE?! THE CIRCUIT IS BUILT PERFECTLY! IT LITERALLY JUST COMPILED!"
The problem is a lot of students at Ryerson, UofT, etc. use the GO a lot. This doesn't affect GO. Also, for the students I've talked to, they'd end up paying more for TTC if this pass was implemented. 
Holy shit this is amazing! I spend close to $400/month on GO and this will have a huge impact! Pair that with GO to TTC fare reduction, and it's awesome! 
I'm in engineering so it may differ, but our profs don't care. You can just show up for the final and if you pass, you pass the course. However, labs are mandatory, but as they are every week, you can't really forget.
I'm glad. Notice that since they put the planters up, there is less graffiti, less piss and vomit, and less empty liquor bottles in that area. It looks much nicer. Also, the homeless man should move to a community centre or seek support as he was offered multiple times, but refused. Unpopular opinion, but I'm glad he's gone - more space to walk on that sidewalk and it looks cleaner.
I've been vegetarian for life. Never tried meat or fish. These protesters are insane. 
Prove the neeeeeegationnnn!
As a 19 year old in Ontario, can you explain with the LCBO is so bad? Like I've been there a couple of times and it looks pretty nice, everything is typically in the same order in each store, you can preorder stuff, and the staff know what they're talking about. Been to some in the US and some are run down, every store is different, etc. I don't smoke weed, but I'd presume Ontario will have a similar store structure and that's fine.
Doug says a lot of stuff.
Dude, I'm very much leaning liberal and if they elected Christine, I would have probably voted for them...
Ah okay, well thanks anyways!
Alright, I'll try them out. I'm used to buying from Clearly and they've been great, but it's always good to shop around. The prices seemed like a scam at first when I looked at Zenni tbh.

Thanks again. You're also Canadian right? So was shipping fine and all? 
Thinking of buying some pairs from Zenni. How are they? 
Because the extra long weekend is coming up
I'm 19 now and trust me, I don't. It's better to only get an "allowance" of $1000/week in her case. 
They just fit really nice, and typically the headphones that come with Androids are cheap. However, the ones that came with the S8/S9/Note8 series are tuned by AKG and fit really nice - OEMs are fin ally caring about including quality headphones.
Well, at least he won't need a DAC.
I was mad for weeks.  To put so much time into that show and that be the ending was horrible.
Mother is revealed, she dies of cancer the same episode, Ted rebounds to Robin.
Oh ya, here's a worse one. For the prelab, we were to derive an equation for the voltage gain of an amplifier and then fill in a table for what the voltage gain would be for multiple resistive loads. Seems easy enough. I derive the equation, give an example for the voltage gain for the first load, and then fill in the rest since you just change one variable. Well guess what? -5 marks for not showing work. This idiot wanted 2 pages of pure grade 11 algebra showing me factoring and simplifying for each RL. Why? Because that's how the TA copy does it...
Wait, is American Express different from Visa or MasterCard? Isn't American Express just the bank, but it pays through Visa or MasterCard tech.?
At least it wasn't the lathe. My friend left it in once and it hit him in the foot. Luckily he was wearing heavy boots because of winter.
Silicon Valley North. Let me guess. Kitchner-Waterloo area or Toronto?
Because the companies can opt out if they want. It's an "optional" program. However, say every company partners up with GPP and EVGA doesn't, then EVGA will be gone because they will get products last, not be an initial partner at launch events, etc. And what are you going to do? Sue your sole supplier of GPU chips? Nvidia can destroy your entire business by just not giving you GPU chips, so it's best to play nice.
Why'd you give them your phone. Just say no and put your headphones it. They aren't allowed to do that. They are however allowed to be annoying and try to pressure you into voting.
Obvious troll. Based on his comment history, he's just here to pick fights. Ignore him.
Credit to u/ivosofijanov , who is the guy who stood up and shamed this racist idiot off the subway. We don't put up with that in Toronto!
Actually, any phone that is locked has to be unlocked if you call the carrier. For example, I unlocked my two Note 4's and my S4 by calling Rogers. All they require is the IMEI number. 
Wow, that's pretty interesting. I'm a student and didn't know that construction project was going on. Thanks!
The what?
They're not even ralies, it's a religious parade basically. Then there's free food, picnics, truck shows, amusement park rides, etc. The 1984 Genocide is typically a booth teaching people about what happened, selling calendars, and selling t-shirts.
Okay, after having some time to cool down at home I think I'll just leave the issue. As you said, I doubt anything will come out of it. If anything, I'll be more aware of my surroundings next time. Self defence courses are a good idea - my uni. offers some and I'll enroll over the summer. Thanks for all the help, u/snookpower and everyone else here. I will be however looking through the process of how to report someone based on the advice here - useful thing to know.
I'm just so angry. I felt helpless and keep running the scenario through my head of how I would have handled it differently. Maybe because I've never been in such a situation before? I'm pretty quiet and keep to myself, so it was a shock...
I'm talking increased grants, that I don't have to pay back. Also, I don't accumulate interest on my loans until I have a salary of over 25k/year.
You can make that cheque out to me, thanks.
Today you, tomorrow me? 
OP just saw his COE428 mark lol
Flashbacks to my profs repeating "there's no free lunch" before the exam.
Also lib072. I've personally seen bed bugs in VIC 500 a few weeks ago.
Can we load it onto an empty Presto card and sell it?
Thank you! I'm not the only one then. On the Note 8, based on how I hold my phones, it's perfectly placed. 
I highly doubt that would happen on Samsung Amoled screens. It used to happen back in the early galaxy days, but not anymore.
I'm pretty liberal, but even I would have to agree.
Maybe if the PC party actually put forward bills and legislation as the opposition instead of simply using attack politics, they'd be more united. Seriously, I haven't heard anything from them. Even during elections, they never talk about their policies, only why the other side is bad. They don't do much.
The main reason I don't like him is because he doesn't care about students or our age group. If he's elected, I risk lower OSAP funding which would affect my family's ability to fund my education, and cause me a lot of financial stress due to not being able to afford my degree. 
Her dental coverage promise is enticing, but I don't know enough about her or her policies. I think you should wait until all parties release their platforms.

That said, I won't be voting for her because I want a large minority or majority for liberals. If many vote NDP, there'll be a split and most likely PC will win. I'm a student and the PC party has a history of neglecting our age group and not campaigning to us. Currently, OSAP is the only way I'm affording school and because of the libs, I've gotten a lot more grants and loans. The PC party is promising tax cuts and everything, but hasn't mentioned OSAP so I'm betting it'll get cut as well; based on their ignorance on the sex ed. curriculum, I doubt they care much about education initiatives like OSAP or free tuition for students from lower class families. 

I just want the libs to be in power one last term so my education isn't affected.
I...like Supergirl. Although, may just be because of Melissa Benoist.
I'm in the same boat. I'm at Ryerson 2nd year.
Orcad Pspice
Same. Canada?
Did you have your first and second forms of ID? I believe you require a passport or birth certificate and a driver's licence. Other than if you don't have that, I don't know why they'd treat you rudely.
Ya, I've been there. It's pretty good. My brother loves the tandoori chicken there. It's the one near Sweet Palace.
Aren't we already pretty accepting of cryptocurrencies? Our minister of finance even talked about implementing blockchain technology so you can see exactly where your tax dollars are going (to which departments, programs, etc.)
Doug Ford. He's the leader of the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario. What you need to understand is that our conservatives are equivalent to your liberals.
Yup!
Because I don't want to carry around a bulky DSLR everywhere I go that requires setup and you to export the photos manually. I'd rather take a pic on my phone, edit it on the phone, then post to social media. DSLRs are also terrible at capturing "in the moment" shots because you need to first take it out, power it on, then take a pic. 
So u r the gey?
I like coconuts ;)
Like I'll be able to afford a house in this market. /s

Right now, here's the thing. My parents wouldn't be able to afford paying for my tuition if these grants and loans weren't there. Right now, OSAP pays for my whole tuition and most of it is grants that I don't have to pay back. I think what's best for my family right now is for the liberals to stay in power so nothing changes. If it does and Ford gets rid of these grants, I could be paying $12000/year.
I understand that, but the PCs don't even campaign to students and haven't done anything significant for us. Even as the opposition, they haven't proposed anything. So far, Wynne is the only one who has proposed legislation and passed bills that has affected us for the better, like increased grants, lower tuition, and OHIP+. There's also the minimum wage hike that Ford wants to get rid of.

From our perspective, she's awesome.
If we do accidentally break them while going through (like if they were slow to open), do we get charged? 
I was one of them. The problem is that having the card in your wallet and tapping your wallet worked on like 95% of scanners, so when there's that one scanner where it doesn't, it's a surprise.
To be fair, I've been guilty of this because the Presto readers were broken and I couldn't find the reader on the pole. The other time, I was late and didn't bother making it through a hoard of people during rush hour to get to the pole to tap.
Guilty a couple times. I'm used to speed walking through the turnstiles, so with these gates I have to slow down, tap, stop, then walk through.
I liked those because you could speed walk through them. Then they installed presto readers and if you tapped and tried to speed walk through, sometimes it would register late and hit you right in the groin. 
Same. Also, that is what breaks the motors I bet.
I tapped once and as I was about to go through 2 people came through the gate. It's awkward because it won't let you tap again and you can't open it. Then you go through an exit gate and people think you're fare evading. 
These toys are so stupid. Two weeks ago I saw someone with a gun iPhone case on the TTC. He had it in his back pocket, so you could see the handle and trigger pointing out. I was about to report him until he pulled it out and started texting. Some other chick had the same one.
Kensington Market?
Why is this so relatable? Also, for some reason, having a smile or positive attitude on the subway is weird.
We're talking about provincial politics...
Wynne is pretty good though. At least for me. With OSAP increasing the amounts of grants and also the 50% off tuition. Also there is OHIP+. It's been great for me. However, the NDP is now promising full dental coverage so I'm conflicted. 
Evolve Comfort. They have a website and do in-home delivery. Evolvecomfort.ca
I mean on iPhones and Samsung Phones, I think the standard tone for an amber alert is a siren or high frequency sound. It's not the same as a ringtone, which is what was heard here.
I doubt it was the Amber Alert. With most phones, the tone for an Amber Alert is different from a normal notification or ringtone.
Same with mine! I put in some water and an ice cube at 6AM and it's still cold by 7PM when i come home.
Yup! These are like $2 at the dollarama near my home. I don't get why people spend $35. Plus it's insulated.  

Edit: I don't really know why I'm getting downvoted. I'm trying to let you guys know you can also get one relatively cheap. 
Sorry, no disrespect to OP. 
A $300 CAD smartphone will not last 2 or more years. Plus typically there is not much support on XDA for new ROMs and Kernals. However, if you buy an S8 or Note8, there will be people developing for it 3+ years from now. Heck, there's new ROMs for my S4 that make it run just as well as some phones today. Also, if I'm buying a phone that I'll be using multiple times a day, that has replaced my TV and other media, replaced books, my camera, then I want the best one. That's why I bought the Note 8 - mainly due to support from developers down the line when it inevitably becomes slow by future standards.

I don't mean that $300 smartphones are bad, but what I'm saying is that you get a lot of nice functions with larger brand names like Apple and Samsung that are difficult to live without. An example is the support: if I have a problem, I can just walk into a Samsung Experience Store and they'll help me. However, with ZTE, there is no such option and in my experience dealing with their customer support, they don't care as much. 

The camera is also a big deal. Without a doubt, there will be sacrifices the lower the price goes, and that is typically made on the camera. For me, the camera is very important and a really good, innovative camera is only available on flagship (ex. Pixel 2 with its great processing, S9 with its variable aperture, etc.).

Overall, yes you could buy a phone for $300. However, if you'll be using this phone for 2 years and it replaces your TV, books, camera, etc. the question becomes would you want to?
I prefer Notes because they last a LONG time and are super speced out. My Note 4 is still very fast after flashing Stock Android. I've just had good experiences with Notes. The spen is pretty useful to me.
Yes, but what choice do we have? I personally justified the high cost (that I certainly didn't like paying for) by telling myself I'll be using this phone for 2 year, and it has basically replaced my TV, radio, physical music mediums, etc.
It sounds like the start to an intervention.
"Sorry, I still don't see anything."
Sex
Canada Computers has good used phones, plus if there's a problem you have a physical location to visit. Check out their website as the stores have the same stuff. I think every purchase comes with a 10 day return guarantee in case it's defective, and you can also probably buy warranty on the used phone. 

There's also Newegg for used phones. Also the Best Buy website.
Is it bad that I just don't care as much? Like I'm still religious, wear a karra, but not to the point of reading the SGGS everyday or praying everyday. I also keep a vegetarian diet, but don't care if I eat the odd egg or gelatin. It's more like religion is a side priority, which seems very different to how people act on this sub. Were any of you like this?
This is the comment that finally made me laugh out loud ay 4AM
Ryerson is more a commuter school. Barely anyone actually wants to stay over the weekend. Pair that with midterms and approaching finals and obviously it was going to be dead. I suggest visiting over the weekdays and booking a tour.
First thought was "tau".

Second thought was "R*C"? 
(RC time constant, or how long it takes to charge a capacitor through a resistor)

I feel you.
Clearly.ca or they have a store on Queen St. West. Been buying from them for a couple of years and it's amazing. The store is good for trying on pairs and also getting your PD measured. Else, try Warby and Parker at Yorkdale. Glasses are $150 that includes all coatings, frames, tax, etc. Warby and Parker also has an online store. I personally haven't bought from W&P, but if they have a store in Yorkdale, they must be good.
Did that happen once?
There's one at Yorkdale, and one at Eatons if you can make it that far. It's well worth it. I changed up a lot of my wardrobe from there. 
They made a big push into Canada recently, and it's great. They opened up 2 stores in Toronto. 
I don't understand how they can be so cheap yet so soft and premium. My first time visiting one was amazing. 
There are many books on the different 
operations and issues leading up to it. There are also many viewpoints. I think you should research it for yourself as I don't know enough about Punjab's history and government affairs to give you an accurate answer. What I told you though is my opinion on the matter, what happened at the climax of Operation Blue Star, and some of the stuff my parents told me about.

Or honestly, go to a Gurdwara and ask some of the people there. Gurdwaras also typically have a library where you can find books on these topics. 
Honestly? I would switch to iOS but Android has Terrarium TV and apps like that. I'm more into Google's ecosystem. I like that it's not as closed down (I.e. don't need iTunes to download music onto my device, can download apks, etc.). I feel like Android is more useful to me as a student (I regularly plug in a keyboard and do some programming assignments). And after 2 years when my warranty expires, I can just flash a stock rom and my phone will be just as fast as any brand new phone.
Warby Parker does on the iPhone X due to Face ID. 
If you're Canadian, Canada Weather & Radar. Weather info and alerts straight from Environment Canada, includes radar, no ads, and pretty awesome widget that supports alerts.
After the launch of the S8, it's basically a 50/50 split between iPhones and S8. Although, it may have been because of Christmas and that $50/10gb Data plan. 

Edit: Canada
Oddly enough, Scotiabank supports Android Pay, and owns Tangerine who supports Apple Pay, but no Android Pay!!! I hate it.
Awesome! Going to connect my keyboard and mouse to my phone and play!
But they did. Sikh militants took up arms to defend the temples, children, and elderly. Basically anyone able was given a weapon to defend the area. It wasn't a well organized militia, but it saved lives and some buildings. It was crucial as there were tanks literally shooting at buildings with civilians. The Sikhs took up arms in the sewer systems and tunnels under the area and shot at indian government military. Personally, with the way the government was killing civilians and our temples, I think it was justified to defend ourselves.
Yes, in 1984. Although, there were operations leading up to it, and the indian government had an anti-sikh mindset. At the same time, Punjab wanted to be seperate from India due to treatment of Sikhs and a boatload of other reasons that I bet my parents could explain better. It's a complicated situation, but one thing that is for sure is that this was an attack on Sikhs. It was a religious genocide.

After the dust settled, the indian government gave those who called for riots and sikh killings immunity. They gave them government titles so they wouldn't face prosecution. Obviously the Air India bombing was wrong and a terrorist attack, but what most people don't know is the genocide and killings of Sikhs that led to it.
The golden temple attack is very complex. The Indian government launched Operation Blue star on the golden temple and destroyed it (these buildings are also sacred temples). They also destroyed surrounding buildings and any civilians in those buildings. People who survived reported the military throwing grenades into our religious buildings, and also into rooms full of elderly and children who were seeking shelter. At the same time, the Indian government orchistated riots and killings of Sikhs around Punjab. This included literally dragging men out of their homes, putting burning tires over their heads, and making the family watch.

Obviously, the Indian government tried heavily to cover this up. They refuse to recognize it as a genocide, but people who were there while the riots and military killed Sikhs knew. I'm obviously biased as my parents feared for their lives as the military targeted Sikh homes.

Even right now, the kids and men who were taken by the Indian government are missing and they are providing no info to the mourning mothers and families.

This is why the Sikh community has so many ralies and calls 1984 Operation Blue Star a genocide. I'm not that educated on the issue of what led to the operation (there were many leading up to it), but I think it was to capture the leader of the Khalistan movement (people who want a separated Punjab and referendum). 
TD was the only one I believe, but they got rid of their coin counters after some lawsuits of the correct amount not being counted.
$1800 is more typical of downtown for a 1 bedroom. In the suburbs, prices vary a lot. For example, for a basement near Bramalea GO (where commute + drive will be about 45 min to reach Toronto), you're  looking at about $1000 for 2 bedroom which includes hydro. In the suburbs like Malton, Brampton, etc. apartments aren't that common - you're better off renting s basement. 
Why the cornstarch?
Ryerson University, Toronto.
Then I must be making a lot of progress...
Yup. They're accurate most of the time. 4 semesters now and they've all been accurate.
Lol, Toronov? Good luck with that. XD
Good luck! I suggest bringing some fellow classmates along with you. Who's the prof?
Ryerson just closed off that one room. Also only due to the press. 
Write your prof that you feel unsafe having class there. Probably physics tutorial, eh? If say email the TA, CC the prof, and suggest an empty room in the email (like a lot of TRSM rooms are empty).
I thought you're supposed to crush them. Not cut them...
You do realize every school in Toronto probably has bed bugs...
Actually, they do have cloth seating. Although very few. They are mainly in the halls as are empty desks so students can use them. The problem is that since these are free chairs, people move them floor to floor.
Problem is that I live in a house with tons of furniture. Pretty sure that if I get bed bugs, they're staying here.
No. You'd need to dissolve it in Acetone. Then out the chip and wires anywhere you want. Cutting it would cut the wires creating the field for NFC.
I've actually been wanted to melt down a card and put it into a wristband. I doubt they'd give you a hard time - all they need is a tap from you. Plus keep a picture of the card on hand. The only people who'd give you a hard time are help desks (for when you want to manually reload your Presto).
I think he's talking about congestion charges for those entering Toronto (i.e. 905ers) for whom GO Transit is the public transit system, not TTC. GO Transit is very reliable and more people should use it rather than a car - it's faster if you want to get to the downtown core. Especially after the HOV lanes, the GO Bus is very fast and had very few delays.
No. The closest thing you can do is put it between the phone and case. Or this, but it's risky: https://learn.adafruit.com/rfid-iphone/dissolve-the-card
It was an interesting read. I'm studying electrical engineering and just finished some units on filtering and rectification. Some of these results are astounding.
Holy shit, it's like they didn't even attempt to filter the second trace.
IT.
After taking out Reddit time, lunch, break, washrooms, etc. I probably spend like less than 2 hours doing actual work...
They're not. They must be in the fabric seats people move classroom to classroom. Also, I saw a bug in VIC500.
As is tradition.

But actually, we're upset because there's no option to opt out. Therefore even people who don't take the TTC will have about $100 added to tuition.
People do a lot more for a lot less.
They're in DSQ movie theater as well. The seats are VERY dirty. Every student has class there as well, so we have to assume they're everywhere. 
This thread and about how bed bugs are basically invincible is giving me anxiety. Plus I had labs in VIC for 2 years and it's my primary study spot... Am I just lucky I don't have them? Dammit, now I feel like they're everywhere. 
I wrote a couple of messages exposing what's going on and forwarded it to TPH, city news, CBC news, and Toronto Star. You should do the same. Ask them to write a story on the escalated bed bugs infestation at Ryerson.
Would I be safe only working on the metal desks in VIC. I work on the 4th floor which looks relatively clean.
Yup. Sent it to City News and Toronto Star as well. At least one of them has to make a story. I'm just pissed because that was my study spot for 2 years now. Plus I've had labs there.
Contacted CBC and they said they'll send the story to their news team to investigate. They said they already have an article, but as this news is bigger than just VIC (like bedbugs in the theater and DSQ seats), they may write an updated one. Told them to make a post here asking for experiences.
Oh EASILY. Don't sit on those fabric chairs anywhere on campus btw. There have been reports in the past.

I've seen a bed bug on one of the seats up on 3rd floor. Although I didn't think much of it 3 weeks ago.
That show is my background noise. I love watching it.
Hey, I'm free tomorrow and I can make one. VIC is where I study and now I don't feel safe there. Are you sure TPH are the right people to complain to?
If anyone has a class there, there are metal desks and chairs in other classrooms and in the hallways. I highly suggest dragging one of those to class and sitting far away from the wooden tables.
So what is being done? Because I don't want to attend a class there because of the risk of getting bites, bringing bed bugs home, and bringing termites home.
Termites as well. You're fucked if they hitch a ride and get into your house.
Our school also banned snowballs late in to winters. Mainly because it got so cold that packed snow turned into ice, and throwing ice is bad.
I prefer living like a caveman! But in all honesty, we never bought a kettle and I never learned how to use one or what you're allowed to put in. This past summer I had my first job and they had a kettle in the office. I tried it out and it started making loud boiling sounds so I got scared and left the kitchen.

Are you allowed to put teabags, cloves, and cardamom seeds in a kettle? Even milk? What happens if milk boils over in a kettle? How do you know it's about to boil over?
Nope, and it won't be. But seeing all the news about corruption, bought politicians, NN being repealed despite public outcry, etc. I feel you could make minor changes that'll result in a big difference. The US is one of the pioneers of responsible government, rebellion, technology, science, and you say a corrupt government can't be fixed?
More over. Get over it and change it if you mistrust it so much.
Who the hell puts milk first when making tea? You want to let the teabag infuse in the water, then add milk and wait for it to almost boil over, then serve.
;)
I primarily shop at Asian supermarkets, but truth be told I was planning on buying a Tims card and would get about 2 months worth of coffee out of it.
Okay, thank you! Well, that's quite disappointing.
The "Click below to get yours" really gives that impression.
The diode should be after the transformer, and then a ground should be placed after the resistor - just finished this chapter. Here is a note on what I mean: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GXFxgv8B1VeuAQAFOKHeeDv-ad-ik3um/view?usp=drivesdk Look at the ideal half-wave rectifier.

I did a similar prelab 2 weeks ago, however we didn't use a centre tapped transformer. However, result should be the same. In my note, Vi is the output of the transformer. Hope that helps.

Edit: the reason for having the diode immediately after the transformer is that in an ideal model, when the potential is negative from the AC source, current is not passed through the diode, creating Vo=0. However, when Vs>0, then current passes through the diode and goes to the load. Thus Vo is positive.

Edit2: Also, the ground should be after the load. There should not be a ground at the negative terminal of the source, but rather an earth because you're simulating a circuit connected to a typical north American electrical wall socket. Doesn't matter at our level though.
Buy a Surface and study on the GO. That's what I do some days. Plus you'll have 'll your notes on OneNote, so opening two windows side by side (one for notes, one for writing) is very helpful. Profs make commuting seem very hard and tiring, but once you get into a routine, it's not hard. Took me a month to get into the routine and learn the tricks. For example, if my class is in DSQ in the morning, I can take the train that gets to Union at 7:55 and be in DSQ by 8:10. Looking back on first year, a lot of the stuff that profs said was BS.

When profs went to Ryerson (like your chem prof), they probably didn't have the same transit choices. 
Lol np. If Malton is closer for you, they have typically the same shops. Although, basically any butcher around the areas I told you is not halal.
If that means non-halal meat, literally every Indian grocery store in Brampton. There's Chalo Freshco near Dixie and Sandalwood. Some meat shops at Torbram and Peter Robertson plaza. A butcher at Dixie and Peter Robertson plaza that we frequent.
Commute. Take the GO. People make commuting seem stressful but it's really not. The GO Train is a great place to study or take a nap. From Markham, your commute will probably be 1.5hours round trip each day. Plus, commuting will cost about $250/month while residence will cost about $1000/month (not factoring in expenses like food, laundry, etc.). Most people I know couldn't handle res and eventually moved back in with parents because of the support your family will give. Living on res first year is harder because your away from family, you have all these new responsibilities, and you're under a lot of stress.

Your in nursing. You're going to need some support since your major is very rigorous.

I'm in eng (2nd year). I commute from Bramalea. You'll probably take Malton or Etobicoke GO. My commute one way is: 35 min GO train, 5 min TTC. Factor in 15 min car ride to the station and 5 min walk to engineering building. That's 1 hour one way. 
NO MILK TRUCK. NEED BANG BUS FOR OP. NEXT!!!
Toronto needs to adopt these
Thank you so much. I'll do this. Also, do you know when I'll be able to donate and remove ads through the app? The developer is awesome.
I like to believe the developer did that on purpose XD
What is the possibility of getting a virus when downloading through Terrarium?
Live like a college student is important, but it also depends on your upbringing. If you lived a lavish life going to Starbucks everyday, buying stuff from Whole Foods, and doing other expensive things, then stopping all that seems frugal. However, if you grew up doing everything yourself, learning to mealprep,  etc. then it just seems normal.
A lot of people I know already stopped carrying wallets due to mobile payment. They now carry slim wallets, which accommodate the new bills perfectly.
I have like $300 in change collected over the years. I was going to take it to TD until they removed coin counters. I know bank tellers will process it but putting someone through that is horrible.
Probably starting recording when they heard screaming or a turkey.
Nice life story.
The 'O' in the middle is redundant.
VHDL
Thank you so much! I'll set it up for him rn. Also, as a side note, the major reason I don't switch to iOS is ShowBox and Terrerium lol
Oh sorry, I meant in the sense that it's more convenient to set a default app for links rather than copying a link and opening it in your preferred app. Both accomplish the same thing, but the convenience of default apps is a major thing.
Currently experiencing this
I highly doubt he'll go to jail under your government tbh
That seems very inconvenient, but alright. Do you recommend a specific app or have a link to one? The app store is kinda bad at removing fake apps, so when I search for Downloader, multiple come up with the same name.
It's an open-source, public voice narration of a religious text. So no, he's not pirating (that's me on Android). 

Okay, Readdle. Thank you, I'll check it out. Is it like Adobe Acrobat? Also, this kind of stuff is what I mean; iOS should have this built in.
What I'm saying is that I understand that, however I want it. It's like unknown sources on Android, it gives you a warning before enabling.
Ya, default apps are definitely important. It's a minor convenience that makes a big difference. 
No actually it's crucial. In fact, can you help me? So I got my dad an iPhone X and he wants to download this 13hr religious transcription mp3. The thing is, when I go to the website and click the download button, it opens up this weird player and says "not supported." I can't hold it and click "save link as..." which is what I'm supposed to do. How do I get it done. I tried searching online and it's a tedious process that requires iTunes, but there must be an easier way.
My dad likes to stream Cricket. He does it perfectly on Android. He moved to an iPhone X and can't do it because it doesn't support Flash Player. Meaning I am aware of the risks but would want the ability to have it anyways. 

Also, just because HTML5 replaced it doesn't mean everyone should stop viewing Flash content. Most physics simulations for my classes are built in Flash.
Actually yes. I should be able to do that if I so desire. However, iPhones won't even let you download files from Safari because they're too "dangerous."
Downloading music from Safari. Apps from other sources. Themes, icons, home screen customization, launchers, flash player, a back button, etc.
I hate it! My dad is coming from the Note 4 to iPhone X. He tried to download music from Safari and it REQUIRES you to download iTunes. You can't download music on an iPhone, nope. Too dangerous. No Terrarium, Showbox, bootleg Spotify, etc.
University gives me anxiety. I remember when summer hit, I had nightmares for a week about missing class or an assignment. Felt anxious all summer, like I should be doing something and stressing.
Honest question as someone who just started data structures and algorithms. Is that true? Do spaces and tabs have different time complexities?
Just had mine. It went well!
I don't get American politics, but why does your VP's wife need a chief of staff? Isn't she irrelevant?
I fucked up hard. I don't know if I got anything right, but I wrote stuff down. Good luck. Memorize the formulas and theory. 
I remember I got my first laptop back then. Now the battery has gone to shit so rendering just shuts it off. Makes a good chromebook tho.
Alright boys, about to go into a field theory (I think it's called Electromagnetics I in the US) after chegging all semester.. Will report back at 5.

Report: I fucked up hard. That was like, really bad. Part marks and riding the curve is how I'll pass.
SLC has a tech space where you can use arduinos, soldering stations, etc. I however go into an empty part if campus and use my own gun - just don't get caught.
Pain is temporary, GPA is forever.
2 years ago my friends got in with mid to high 70s. So 4% increase is reasonable.
The dead inside thing helps. In first year if you fuck up, you dread about it. Now, it's just normal, you recover fast, and you move on. You also learn that 8hrs+ of work a day is your life now and you can't drop out because you're too far in.
EngSci biomedical engineering is NOT ACCRIDITED. You aren't a biomedical engineer, but an Engsci engineer specializing in biomedical engineering. Big difference.
Report it to maintaince. Say you got sick. Should be fixed asap.
At least they aren't the other fur protesters who would stick "I'm an asshole" stickers on your back and/or put permanent red paint on your Canada Goose jacket. 

These guys are alright, and by that I mean easy to ignore.
Averages to get in are like in the 70s. You're good...
The SPATULA 9000!!!!!!!!!
Actually pretty useful. My Microsoft apps get synced to my PC, and I can continue my browsing on my laptop. Useful if you do some work on the train.
Yup, us Canadians always get screwed. Here: http://tubeunblock.me/watch?v=LEcbagW4O-s
The sugar shacks and maple toffy! Also free education in Ontario if your parents make under 50k a year.
I'm never really happy. I just maybe have a happy encounter in a day, such as talking with a friend, but that lasts a few seconds before I return back to being kinda just "dead inside." I guess because my stress and dreadful thoughts outweigh the happy? I'm not sure. But this question made me think and I realized I can't recall experiencing true happiness.
This just brought back fond memories of grade 4. Where can I get some now?
Tangerine was very innovative and ahead of other banks with apopting more functionality into their app. Now they've become slow and focused on "minimalist design."
I honestly just stay in my seat, or move to the next carriage at the next stop. I've run out if fucked to give.
Don't worry, just an innocent thread about Jolly Ranchers:

https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/9wcte/comment/c0er6q4


Hey, ever heard of a Jolly Rancher?
I think that's fair. The ultimate goal is to get a permanent professor that has enough merit based on his/her lectures and research. If the part time jobs go away after hiring a professor, then that is good. Having a new professor teach a course each year leads to terrible management.
Lol, if that automatic tenure demand is true, that is the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
But can they hold a fork? Or is that after 4 years?
Haha, welcome to York. This is why some students are transferring. 3rd strike since 2008.
So far what I've noticed is that circuits make sense as long as you don't look too deep into them. That's when the black magic fuckery goes down.
In Ontario, Canada you could get free drug test kits at pharmacies (to test for fentanyl and other impurities). There are also free safe injection sites and I believe they also provide clean needles.
My cousin got addicted to cocaine and some other heavy drugs in grade 12. He didn't finish and basically became an angry, always doing drugs kid. The main factor to him getting addicted was getting more happy than he's ever been in his life for a short amount of time, and never wanting that feeling to end.
Google Pay syncs to your Google Account, meaning you can use it on any website on Chrome or in any app on your phone. It also allows you to easily send money using Google Wallet. All of this after just one initial scan of your card. Plus you can use it with Samsung Pay, which you can use on any terminal with a magnetic swipe reader. On top of that, you store your loyalty cards in the same app.

So yes, it's more convenient to use Android Pay.
But Tangerine supports Apple Pay which makes me more angry as they haven't bothered to even comment on Android Pay. At least before Apple Pay they said Apple Pay is coming soon. To further frustrate me, they're owned by Scotiabank who supports Android Pay! WTF is this?
Just had a quiz for field theory. It was out of 50 marks, 40 min. Our TA decided to screw with us and the volume charge density was equal to zero in the spherical surface. For all 6 questions, the answer was straight up 0. No one believed it so no one got it right; everyone was scared that if they put 0 for for every question and it was wrong, they'd get 0s.
Plus, it's not like they start exactly at 12. You have time.
America is currently the laughing stock of the world. Your president is an uneducated joke. An embarrassment that your citizens voted for him.
Samsung Pay if you have a Samsung device. Stocard or Apple Wallet for iPhones. For other Android devices, Google Pay.
Ah, the ignorant American criticizing the governments and unions of other countries that he knows nothing about. How natural.
Mustangs are cheap, fake cars. Everything about them from fake leather interior, to fake carbon fiber. Most of the interior is plastic. The bumpers are shity plastic. And to top it off, they are not reliable. Ya, I'd rather stick to quality BMWs, Mercedes, etc.
So, half?
Ya, no. Stop saying that. You're country voted for him and your people voted for him. If your electoral system does not value your votes, then it should change, but you lot aren't even willing to do that. You live in ignorance.
That is the most bullshit justification I've read so far considering Trump doesn't even believe is global warming.
Tesla is innovative, I'll give them that. However, the QC on their model S and X is terrible. The trims are not aligned, falcon door misalignment, etc. German cars are known for their engineering and quality.
No one asked you to fight wars and kill thousands of innocent civilians overseas over the years.
American cars are cheap, plasticy POS. European cars are considered more premium and reliable like BMW, McLaren, Volkswagen, Volvo, etc. 
Samsung Galaxy S4 had this. It tracked your eyes. You could also scroll by looking. It was great and I miss it!
These are the most effective yet normal things a city can install to deter vehicle attacks. Plus in the winter they're decorated like candy canes.
Dammit, it's Softwood Lumber all over again. So let's win the battle again just as we did 5 times with lumber. Did the US ever even pay us back for that?
Patties Express at Yonge and Elm are great! Get it with a bun. Everything is fresh! Also the ones are Bloor-Yonge are very tasty!
Haven't tried the ones at Warden but the ones at Bloor-Yonge are great!
I honestly want a telecom crown Corp across Canada. At the very least, it'd spark price battles.
Canada Computers and Newegg. Also NCIX (R.I.P.)
There is so much wrong about what you just said but I'm too tired to get into a fight about languages right now.


Well, it's true. Read up on India's history and attitudes towards Sikhs. In living memory, they attempted a Sikh Genocide and abducted many Sikh women and children who are still missing. However, the Indian media portrayed Sikhs as terrorists and hid this news from the public. Even going as far as to not condemn but praise those who lit Sikhs on fire in public during the riots, and giving immunity to those who advocated the killing of Sikhs during that time. They downplayed and hid the whole thing on media.

The bias in Indian media still persists, but has transitioned to not liking Sikhs being in a position of government and power. The news when Harjit was chosen to be defence minister was slanderous in India, yet great and "badass" here.
Yup. The Indian Government and media has a very profound history of not representing Sikhs, and being hateful towards them.
I'm going to be honest. Me, as a student, why should I not vote for Wynne? So far, some of the stuff she's done has been in my benefit like increasing OSAP and making it so that if your parents make less than 60k I think, you get over 50% off your tuition (factoring in federal grants). Also OHIP+. She also doesn't take stupid religious stances like Ford here. Lastly, the line 1 extension was partially funded by the liberals.

Now look, I understand you don't like her because of hydro sale, scandals, etc. However, from my perspective as a student, she's made my life a lot easier so why should I not vote for her?
They weren't even that bad. I liked how he represented our Indian culture. He wore a Kurta pajama most of the time and that's honestly what most people would wear - it's loose, keeps you cool in heat, and looks nice. Hell, I wear it around my house. Sure the groom and bride combo was cringy, but it was sweet as well - I doubt many Canadians have seen what traditional Indian clothing looks like. I don't think it's as big a deal as (mainly American) media is portraying it out to be. And of course Indian media would take a stance against Trudeau because of the cabinet.

Overall, if the scandal involving our PM was what he wore on an international trip where he wanted to showcase their culture, then I'm fine with that. Better than Harper's numerous scandals. I'd rather have a wardrobe crisis.
That seems appropriate
Ah, all three then?
Love them! Bought 5 pairs over the years. 
Oh so that's what that unit is...I'm an engineering major and even I've never used it. Can we just agree to stick to SI?
Math is beautiful. I hated math going into engineering, but in engineering they break down your knowledge from day 1 and build it up anew properly. Showing you where everything comes from, how it is derived, why it was important, practical applications, what it means, etc. Eventually, math became second nature and it's relaxing to do - like meditation. I love math now, but definitely blame secondary school on distilling that early hate of math into me.
What I do on all my cables is do a couple of turns with electrical tape on the end, then put some heatshrink tubing. Wires don't break anymore.
All of field theory for me rn 
That would be 0^+ or 0^-
Then would combining the "resistors" mean anything?
That moment when you've been trying to learn and understand something for hours and days and then it just clicks is amazing. Makes it worth it.
To be fair, we built the Canadarm!
So you stick your finger in the slit and spread?
Okay, that makes somewhat more sense. Must be a cheap motel.
Is that a billboard in from of a house, like literally on the lawn? Is that normal?
As a Canadian, I was very confused by the title.
I don't know what that is, but we get MATLAB for free so might as well use that.
As a GO commuter, this is great. I don't really value community vibrancy as much as convenience. I get to Toronto at around 8AM and leave catching the 6:50PM train. I don't really like shopping at 8:30 at night - much rather order my food in the morning on my commute, pick it up on the commute back home. Saves A LOT of time.
Sony were the last ones I expected to drop the headphone jack because of their great headphones.
It's the option for Bloc Québecois
Oops, housing just skyrocketed. That'll be $65m for a detached house in Vancouver.
I'd recommend Koodo. They are nice, they don't unexpectedly raise prices like Rogers and Bell, and the service is really good (comparable to Rogers). They are owned by Telus, so they're reliable. Get the $55 BYOD plan.
Isn't PM getting shut down and customers being moved over to Koodo? There's been some news about it, and Koodo is giving deals for people to switch. Might not be best to be with PM until this clears up.
!redditsilver

You're awesome!
Fellow ECE. Tbh, I just use MATLAB for integrals and plotting.
HA HA. OF COURSE WE HUMANS AGE
Is Bell Labs still as research focused as they were in the 1900s? As in, do they still allow their research scientists more freedom to dive into fields like physics and field theory while working even though it doesn't relate to a current project? Or has being acquired changed the company atmosphere to be more commercial focused rather than research?
Note 8 user chiming in! Give me my Oreo!
The major compromise will probably be that it doesn't and having to buy the international version and have some frequency bands not supported.

EDIT: Haha, I was right! This sucks. They were such great phones, but if I'm paying $60/month for LTE, I value that more.
A lot of people used it until Peel made the remote app bloated with ads and forced lock screens.
S8++?
Current Note 8 user, former Note 4 user. What do you mean? So far, nothing has crashed for me. The only thing I hate is the lack of customizability on the Touchwiz launcher, but that may be because I've become acustomed to Nova.
I was the same way, but I bought one. The new Touchwiz is super clean. All the Samsung apps are able to be deleted (I deleted almost all of them except for Health, files, connect (I have a Samsung Hub), and galaxy apps). It feels very stock once you remove all that.
Honestly, chained commands on Bixby are great and I actually use them. Hated Bixby at first, but the commands are super helpful. Everything else like image recognization is terrible.
IT'S FUCKING RAWWWWWWWWWWWW!
Every uni does this with any outstanding charges, including printing credits, library books, etc.
It takes 24 hours to activate. It'll give you errors or just won't work otherwise. Just wait.
Any Sennheiser pair under $100 has not failed me. Currently I'm using the Bludio Faith 2 because of their great noise cancelling, Bluetooth, and USB Type C wired capabilities. Pretty good for around $68, plus they feel nice and heavy.
It's February.
So are our Smarties their coloured M&Ms?
r/engineeringstudens would have been the ones to build it. r/engineering would be desperately trying to fix it.
Samsung experience store in Yorkdale and Eatons
Yes! Fellow Canadians unite! I love the diversity, especially in Toronto. So many languages, cities have multiple villages like Little India and Little Italy, everyone is nice, etc. There's no country quite like Canada.

One of my goals is to visit Denmark though. I've heard really good things. Looks beautiful.
So dis you put anything between the layers? I've seen people put whipped cream, but it gets messy. This looks great! 
Wakanda is not a place, it's a people...
Doesn't 100% Danish mean you're a citizen of Denmark? Like if someone says "I'm 100% Canadian," we assume they mean they're a citizen.
I must say one thing. I got my dad an S8 but he didn't like it so I got him an iPhoneX (he's likes the OS more). But holy shit, downloading music is a pain! You HAVE to use iTunes. I can't download from web browsers. 

When I got him the X, I was admiring it. It just felt so nice and polished. However, that restriction in the OS turned me off completely.
Fellow Note 8 user coming from the Note 4. The best thing I like about this phone is the UI. It doesn't feel like old, clunky Touchwiz. Plus, I can uninstall almost all the Samsung apps I don't need since they're on the Play Store. Uninstalled Samsung Members, Voice Recorder, Google Play Music and Videos, Samsung Music (I use Spotify), etc. The phone is SOOO fast. 
Oh, never thought of that. I'll try it out. Thanks
Any alternative to pine nuts? I'm allergic to tree nuts unfortunately. Would toasted peanuts produce a similar flavour?
Wow, it worked! Thank you so much! Also, fuck Rogers!
I'll check it out. I did what u/jdayellow suggested and it worked, but it factory reset my phone. Luckily, Google and Samsung backups restored everything. But, it worked!
Obligatory "Ubuntu is not real linux! You are not a power user if you use Ubuntu!"
I'm in ELE, but if a prof did this to me, I may just lose all hope and drop the course thinking I'm too dumb XD
With Rogers yes, with Freedom no. Rogers supports wifi calling.
http://www.ansa.it/webimages/img_700/2015/11/4/6d165b959c3e2827359a86a9998e805e.jpg
Well he worked building mattresses for companies like Sleep Factory for a while. Although, that got shut down due to competition. Later, he started doing a couple of part time jobs for 2-3 companies, but it was very labour intensive. He really wanted to get into sales as he's good at that, and since he had experience making mattresses from scratch for like 10-15 years, he started this up with his friend. It was a big risk, but I think it'll do well. So far the business is doing pretty well and all the connections he's made over the years is really helpful. The mattresses are made right here so that's also a bonus - Made in Canada. They're trying to get into delieveries now as well (already placed a couple!)

The website is still under construction, but here it is: http://www.evolvecomfort.com

I'll PM you his phone number, and business card after he gets back from work.

EDIT: Phone number above
They're not even useful apps! They all require a subscription, like that NHL app and Rogers Streaming. I don't even have Rogers cable, so what's there to stream. It's so frustrating. 
It says "Invalid MMI code"
I'll try it out, thanks.
Because the fare inspector grabbed a minor while he was exiting. The kid may have not noticed the inspector and was just getting off at his stop. Hell, if someone did that to me, my first instinct would've been to hit the one grabbing me as well. His back was turned, for all the kid knew it was some crazy homeless guy or someone trying to assult him.
So luckily my dad just started his first business selling custom mattresses and frames. They opened the week before last. It's called Evolve Comfort and you describe the type of mattress you want, hardness level, height, etc. and they make it for you. A lot of them are below $1000.Here's the address if you want to check it out (not on Google Maps yet since it's new, but PM me and I'll send you his business card so you can talk to him about the type you want): 

near 6 Meyerside Dr, Mississauga, ON L5T 1V4
https://goo.gl/maps/3fV3RhHAxSk

Since so many asked (thanks so much), here's his contact. Just call or text him:
416-567-3441
May be an unpopular opinion, but Uber and Lyft are quite good for making quick money. A family friend does it sometimes and he just waits at a GO Station until someone there needs a lift.
What if I don't want any software? I just want no carrier apps. Freedom's carrier apps are in the Play Store and are optional.
Well, there were no charges so we know he did pay his fare.
Plus, when my stop is coming up, I'm just staring at the doors with my headphones in. I have no idea whats going on around me. Kid might've been in the same situation. For all he knew, some random guy just grabbed his back and started pulling him. I would've freaked out and hit the inspector as well.
We don't know if he was trying to evade or just getting off at his stop. Considering there were no charges, the fare inspector assumed he was trying to evade. The kid was probably just getting off at his stop and for all he knew, some random guy grabbed him and started pulling him back. I would have swatted or hit the guy as well, then try to run off.
To be fair, if I was walking off the TTC and someone grabbed me from the back, my first instinct would be to either run or swat the hand away. This is assuming I didn't know who was behind me. It could be some crazy homeless guy or someone trying to assult me. That fare inspector should not have put his hands on that kid.
I really hope the Kitchner GO is one of them in the test period.
I love travelling next to an UP Express or VIA Rain train because I can connect to their WIFI
It's mango flavoured jello with mango chunks inside. Varies on the flavour. The mango and lychee ones are the best.
Omg this is great! I love this feature!
I feel like every 4 gens is the sweet spot. Note1-Note 4 was an amazing upgrade. Note 4 to Note 8 was a major design overall where you couldn't tell they were related. I bet Note 12 will be my next upgrade.
But what I hate is that I bought this phone unlocked. I shouldn't have carrier apps.
Hey, have you heard of Rogers? 
COME ON EVERYBODY, IT'S TIME FOR COLIN'S FAVOURITE GAME, "SCENES FROM A HAT"!
Omg it has been years since I've had those! They come in a huge tub and the plastic off the individual pods was hard to get off. They were great!
Just turn it upside-down 
I thought this was the Beaverton at first...
Hey, just wanted to mention I run Arch!
No one knows shit. People like me act like we do so we don't look dumb. I couldn't tell you what I learned in linear during first semester. 
Highly unlikely.
%ERROR=600%
Only if I'm going towards her and she's going in the opposite direction. /r/meirl
Electrical engineering is all about noodle analysis and supernudes!
Good bot.
We never got the rewards in Canada, did we?
Plus they're owned by Scotiabank (one of the big/main 4 banks in Canada) who support Android Pay just fine! 
Loose change. Like when you pull up to a drive-thru and you just need a toonie or something.
*in the US. 

The rest of us will be stuck with Android Pay for a year probably. Hell, we Canadians just got Android Pay and still don't have Google Wallet.
Fucking Tangerine! They haven't supported Android Pay or Sansung Pay, but support Apple just fine.
Their BTM and MBA programs are actually pretty good and well ranked in Canada. Their co-op and connections are aldo very good. I don't go there, but they get recruiters and events like every other week.
I've heard you shouldn't get the boxes from grocery stores as bugs like cockroaches can be inside the nooks of the cardboard. LCBO is a better bet.
There are other ways to get Windows btw (Microsoft Toolkit).
You can move from the concourse to the bus terminal after 1am if you need to keep using the WiFi. Pretty sure it has the same WiFi as well.
Idk. Some Tims (like the one on Dundas and Victoria) have signs that say you can only stay for 30 min. Don't know if they actually enforce it.
Schulich, Rotman, TRSM.

In that order.
Not the ones at Union Station Bus Terminal
Gas stations have phones like those. 
You could go to Dollarama and get an ink pad, then print the template from online.
If you have your high school ID, use that and say you're a student. I'm in uni and that's what I've been doing for the past 2 years until they catch up and get post-secondary discounts on Presto.

EDIT: Don't downvote me for being forced to use a secondary school discount because Presto is slow at rolling out post-secondary school discounts. Like everyone in uni is doing this.
Ask r/legaladvice
It's my favourite movie. Watched it four times just for the beautiful scenes. It is just such a happy movie...
Try libgen.io 

It has PDFs for almost any book and textbook.
Same thing can already happen as jurors' pay increases the longer the trial goes on. I think it increases by a few dollars after 57 days. This way, pay is consistent at $15/hour.
I'm fine with that. Pay them minimum wage and people would be more willing to serve. That's common sense. No one should work for free or at a loss.
You would spend money out of pocket to serve in a jury? Wow.
I get that, but I'm not spending money out of my own pocket to go serve. No transit vouchers, have to pay for your own parking, bring your own lunch, etc. I have better things to do.
And ENG103 in engineering. That huge lecture hall. Holy shit people crowd tge entrance up to the Timmies. Now I just bulldoze through everyone when I'm trying to get out.
Technically, every building is 24hrs if you know where to hide
If you get stuck in an elevator and miss an evaluation, is that a valid reason? XD
Good bot!
Field Theory! Or, as it is referred to in my school, "Fail Theory..."
EXTERMINATE! EXTERMINATE!
When you leave attenuation enabled by accident
It's been 2 years and we haven't talked about it. Then again, I'm in ELE in Canada...
Needs more jpeg
Even Hannah Montana linux?
FOLKS! FOLKS! FOLKS!
Is the update they're talking about the beta we've had for about a month now?
Electrodroid is an amazing app! The resistance calculator, capactor reference, pinouts, etc.! I use it everyday.
He should really get a pool - those help to keep you cool.
I'd use a combination of TTC, GO, and zipcar to get around. Although, GO and TTC pretty much get you anywhere.
But like legit, some of the stuff there is pretty good. I got a screen protector for a toonie that would've cost like $15 elsewhere. Just don't expect Ray-bans XD

Food is pretty good there. Especially bubble tea.
There is Ryerson's SLC on Yonge and Gould that is public. Honestly, just walk into TRSM and find a desk - no one will say anything. There's a Starbucks near the Best Buy that is pretty quiet.
There isn't good support for iPhones regarding VR. As a sidenote, the resolution on the iPhone 8 is not good enough for VR - you'll get a headache and pixels are visible when it's that close to your face. It's also not AMOLED so blacks aren't that good. Overall, VR on the iPhone 8 is a bad idea. 

Software wise, Apple isn't pushing VR like Google has been and therefore not many Apple apps support VR. There also isn't official VR accessories and recommended standards like Google has, so button placement and functionally greatly differs between VR sets. 

If you REALLY want VR, get a Samsung S8 as they have the best support, accessories, and screen. Or a Rift or HTC Vive for really immersive (although less portable) VR.
Lol, winters last typically till April here.
Or if you're looking for new shoes, try to get the taller Timberlands. 


Something like these: https://www.kicksusa.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/thumbnail/2000x/040ec09b1e35df139433887a97daa66f/t/i/timberland_12281_01.jpg . 


I usually tuck my dress pants into these and they haven't failed me. 
I'll try calling some of the vendors in advance just to check. I haven't been to the St.Lawrence market so don't know what to expect.
Technologists aren't engineers as they don't have a P.Eng. They legally can't call themselves engineers either. Technologists focus more on applications while engineers have a greater emphasis on theory/applied sciences.
Universities don't have technologist programs, they have engineering programs. A civil engineering degree (with P.Eng.) will pay significantly more than a technologist. Plus you'd have a professional designation.
Oh wow! I didn't know the St. Lawrence Market sells Turkish Delights. I'll check it out this week. If I find the seller, I'll send you a link. Thanks!
They are not professional engineers and therefore cannot call themselves engineers - it is illegal. Even a student graduating with an engineering degree is not an engineer until he gets his P.Eng., which you get after over a year of experience and an ethics test if you graduated from an accredited program. That's how it works in Canada.
Rememver the ads for ringtones for when someone was dialing you, it'd play a song? I wonder how those worked. Imagine this playing when you call your dad...
JusReign!!! 

Also, Superwoman sometimes!
-30°C w/o wind chill up here in Ontario, Canada...
I CAN'T BELIEVE ELLEN IS 60!
What was the parade that was trying to get by? Sorry, not from Italy. Lol, it was pretty funny though - the leader seemed to bless the car and it became free XD
Yup. Some chiropractors are great. My dad used to go to one in Barrie for help with his back problems. The chiropractor helped realign his back, gave him support with posture, recommended some joint support things you'd wear, etc. It was a good experience and my dad feels much better. It was costly, but considering it fixed the problems he was having with constant back pain, I'd say it was worth it.
Great news! All colleges and universities also have similar conditions with OSAP. If you make under 50k, free tuition. 50-75k is 50% off I believe, etc. 
I'll be honest, I like the higher pay in the US but I would much rather work in Canada (specifically Toronto or GTA). I feel like I would get homesick quickly, the US isn't as multicultural or safe, and I like the quality of life here. Also moving so far from family and friends would be difficult.

EDIT: For co-op however, I'm definitely looking at US companies though. The main reason being one 16 month co-op paying at or $20 an hour would pay off my entire debt, loans, and give me an extra 10-15k in savings. Canadian co-op doesn't pay much.
Do you kno da wae?
That's a very political response. Yes or no, did you support how the RSU handled Canada 150th?
I want bagels in the engineering Timmies!
Do you support Bitcoin or Garlicoin?
What do you think of Rihnos?
How much of our money did you spend on waffles and posters?
Why do you want to force usto take an Aboriginals course? If I wanted that, I would've gone into liberal arts or something. Try fitting that shit into an eng schedule. 
Do you support the current RSU's Canada Day campaign?
The TTC delays are them coming out of hiding to hand in assignments
Lol, it is Ryerson! Man, these architecture students study hard! Or they're just really good at hiding.
Touché
Fuck you, Rogers. 
I'd rather not, thanks.
Not an architecture student (I'm engineering), but our school has a great architecture program... I haven't seen an architecture student in 2 years despite being in the same building...



Oh sorry, I guess there's no need. It seems like it's already burning!


Hey, can I ask how the process was? My parents have been in Canada since 1992 on PR. My dad wants to apply for citizenship since his whole life is here and both my parents haven't been back to India since they have nothing there. He's just intimidated by the English requirements as his English isn't that good, but it's passable. Easier than applying for PR? Also, how much did it cost?
Quick! We must retaliate and burn down the White House once more!
I do put in effort. I have a 4.0 in the class. However, the professor is terrible at teaching and the textbook is actually really good, so there's no point to paying attention in class. Professor is literally repeating the textbook. But we have to go because iClicker quizes are worth 10%...
Who TF pulls out an iPad in the middle of a city and starts putting fucking couches everywhere? Alomso while directly pointing the iPad at a guy sitting on a bench while smiling at him.
I used to be the same way. Then I bought a Rotring and something changed.
Oh cool! Yup, Keer Hall is a great place to hang out in during the summer. The park is beautiful. I visit DSQ so often now that it's just uninteresting at this point. You go to UofT?
Why not? The class I'm in is easy and a waste of time, but I have to go to lectures due  to iclickers.
BEEELEEEEEEEEBBBBBBB
Ryerson
*someone to do
How do we deal with people like this? Well, I don't really befriend someone who is like that. That being said, we do make jokes of other majors (not just social sciences), but that's in private and never with someone from said major (mainly we trash talk business majors since we have no free time and they have tons). Don't let it get to you. A lot of us are egotistical and competitive by nature and it comes off as douchey sometimes.
WE'VE BEEN BAMBOOZLED!
Guilty as well. During first year I used to do the same and post it on Snapchat
Same. Flashed stock android and replaced the battery. Its really smooth now.
I didn't let my brother play outside alone or with his friends for a year because of that movie...
Useless. Physics is more useful in CS.
Nope, I had like 30min till my next class so I was free. It just felt wrong to ask fir a new pot to be made because I wanted a drink not many order.
Nope. Been on my phone from 8am to 1pm.
Okay, I'm guilty of this and I'm Canadian. It just feels bad making them do all that work just for you. Two weeks ago, the lady at Timmies asked whether I can wait b/c they need to make a new pot, so I declined and just ordered a coffee. I hate coffee.


I didn't realize this is so weird. I thought it was normal...
The sim isn't supposed to help. Think of CMN like CEN part 2. Just do the readings to understand the class. Labs are group work for the final project.
So, US, Canada, and some European countries?
I'm glad they're open. Without Yahoo Answers, I wouldn't have done well in physics XD
Yup, I didn't know there was a such thing as a veggie whopper. I typically order a veggie burger on a whopper bun, with 2 patties (it's only a dollar a patty).
As someone who frequents BK, he probably wanted the veggie patty instead of meat maybe?
I third Romanoff!
Go into computer science! Don't stay in engineering (I'm too deep in the hole now and switching majors would be a pain; better to be depressed for another year and finish)! Also, buy tons of Bitcoin and sell it in December 2017. 
Hey guys, I just bought Spotify Premium yesterday. So, wtf is Stranger Things mode and "Behind the Track?" Also, if I can't edit playlists on the web, does thst mean I NEED the software on my PC?
Try it with a Kulfi (Indian ice creaml. It's amazing!
FIRST or VRC?
Sorry, I can't right now cos I got a train to catch!
No
Hmm, doesn't have a nice ring to it. Maybe Spider Boy?
Definitely justified. They came there simply to disrupt and cause a ruckus. You're welcome to your oemwn opinions, but when you are at a town hall, speak when you're given the mic and let others voice their opinions as well.

As a side note, TF are they wearing?
NO! DON'T SAY THAT!
No, that's the American government's methodology. 

Edit: Oh come on. You see it in the news all the time and even with the current president. When it's someone not brown, it's a mental illness and "something is fishy," but otherwise it's immediately  considered terrorism and then there's talks about banning new immigrants, refugees, etc...even if he/she was born in the US.
He wants us to have cheaper, more chemical filled milk. Our standards in Canada for milk are some of the strictest in the world. Milk isn't that expensive either. Trump doesn't care about Canadians. What don't you get? Do you think he's doing this for the citizens of another country? No. He's doing this for Americans to flood our market.
Trump is like the leader of the 3 popular kids at every high school who bully anyone who disagrees with them.
Well, there.should be rules like all those attending should be picked at random, and the PM must answer questions for 1 hour. If the PM gives canned answers, they'll have a crowd who sees this and it'll be televised. People will see through them.
Harper blantently lied to Canadians saying we're posting billion dollar surpluses, and when opposition called him out and threatened a vote of no confidence, his party said it was treason. It's our parliment system's fail safe, and he hated it. Only after fearing that he'd be ousted did he say we're posting billion dollar deficits for 5 years, as everyone predicted. It showed he doesn't care about trust, honesty, and our parliamentary system. Also, how about his secret trade deals that have a term limit (about 25 years) that he didn't tell Canadians about until after they were made?
Harper legit angered me how he wouldn't talk to media or people unless it was campaign time. I like Trudeau and how he's doing these town halls. It should be mandatory honestly for every PM.
Ah okay. I typically go 5-6 times a week. And the GO is way more expensive (I think $7 a trip or so)
Living with parents in Brampton. Commute everyday about 1.5 hours total. No rent. Pay about $350 per month for GO and TTC.
I agree. I hate yellow mustard. It just tastes so artificial and unnecessarily sweet. Whole grain is more sour, has a nice texture, and a few small dollops enhance the flavour. 
Just all mustards? I personally hate the yellow American mustard, but I love whole grain mustard.
Have you tried fucking one?
I mean, I'm an engineering student in Toronto. Looking for a place to live. I am not there 6am to 10pm so it'll be quiet. No parties because im in engineering...if the rent is around $1000-1200, shoot me a PM. Particularly looking for a place from September to April.
Hey Americans, I have a question about buying compressed air down in in the US. I went to Kentucky for a competition and needed some compressed air, so I went to Walmart. I got IDed and they said it was the policy and everyone in the state gets IDed for buying compressed air. Why? What kind of law is this? Are you guys that paranoid?
No, this is an ass
Wow, didn't know independent investigations for situations involving police isn't common in the US. Here in Ontario, Canada, any thing where the police is involved (like a shooting, assault, police harmed) is independently investigated by the S.I.U. (Special Investigations Unit). 
Fuck. Fell for this in 2018!
I like the increased police presence. Also, based on all the assults and inclident reports, I feel like we need it.
Oh cool! Then I hope to take it next semester. Are you in CS or Computer Eng.? 
Yup! It's tasty and cheap. Btw, thanks for making this series. My first year at Ryerson was difficult as I didn't know the best, cheap food places other than Timmies. This could help many first years.
Patties Express, Subway, 7/11, Metro behind eng., Loblaws in MAC if you ever go there, Tacos 101
Basil Box is expensive af. 
I have that course this semester. Our first lecture was on merge and insertion sort...I prefer your class.
How was Toronto? Did you shoot any video from the CN Tower?
Same. The only programs that had scaling issues were Quartus and OrCAD, but I turned on enhancement mode in properties and it scaled fine.
Gonna take this as a sign. It's freezing rain tomorrow and I typically walk with my hands in my pockets. Won't be doing that anymore.
This is amazing. It's basically every IT internship ever...
Just did it. Gl!
Have you tried the...MAPLE BUFFALO BACON JERKY FROM SAVAGE JERKY! MADE WITHOUT PRESERVATIVES!
BUILD IT BEAUTIFUL!
Except for Toronto! Love my city!
Clearly.ca or the store in Toronto. Also, Warby Parker in Yorkdale (total for any frame including prescriptions and coatings is $150, with tax included in the $150). 
I now have a reason to go there XD
Holy shit. This post is funny. Dude, just apply to Ryerson for the fall. Why tf would you go to york for a year, transfer, then have to redo courses? Also, who cares if you want to work for NASA; you haven't even started engineering yet. Plus, if you really wanted to work for Nasa, you would've gone to an American university and applied for security clearence which takes years... Let's focus on passing eng first, eh?
WE NEED TO BUILD A WALL!
Fuck. That just ruined it for me.
Their business line of laptops already had this feature, right? I forgot which laptop, but there was a function key you could press to turn on privacy screen.
I get 6-7. 8 is for the weekend. I used to get 3-4 last year, and even though my marks were good, I was miserable; started having panic attacks and stress. However, what I've noticed is that I don't feel tired and groggy if I set my alarm to gradual volume mode. I use the app Sleep As Android and it wakes me up over 30 min. For some reason, I wake up fresh and not tired. 
But now that Windows has Bash for Ubuntu for Windows, wouldn't it be acceptable to use Windows as a programmer? It's the linux terminal on Windows. I presonally love it; I have access to my work apps because of Windpws, and have the freedom to use Linux terminal for any coding.
Plus the rumours had been going around about this for years, but this is the first time a face had been tied to them. Smart to get out of that situation; plus Patrick seemed guilty judging by how he handled everything and acted during the press release.
I have never seen a politician go down soo quickly! His cheif of staff, campaign manager, and deputy campaign manager all just resigned! Holy shit! 
Honestly it will last longer than a lambo or Tesla. Camrys are very good quality, easy to maintain, etc. My uncle's is still running perfectly 15 years later.
"Apple Maps said my destination was this way!"
Doramamu?
Nope.
Yup. Pretty sure. Any more edgy comments to make?
Apple store in Toronto. 
Most political candidates *cough* O'leary 
Ah okay! One of our ELE profs is famous for this lol.
You don't happen to go to Ryerson, do you?
!RedditAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
You too! This was a nice exchange!
Sincere.
Ryerson eng student here. Holy shit, unless you REALLY like eng, don't go into eng. I love eng, but now I just want it to be over. Also, fuck field theory.
I expected NSFW but...not this....
I feel personally attacked...
Thanking you for letting me know my comment wasn't clear. I now know how to phrase it more clearly thanks to you.
I don't remember a Union Station without construction. Construction started when I was in elementary school. I'm now in university.
If she has a degree in physics, why not do a major or masters in CS and find a job? Those two degrees togethet open up TONS of job prospects, and most physicists actually end up working in the programming/tech field due to their PS abilities.
Is it still good? Haven't played since they advertised the "Big Bang" or something. I remember I was the guy who starts out in the arctic.
And do what? Don't see many job prospects there. The only good thing is the scenery and wildlife. Just live in a city or suburban place and take a vacation once in a while.
I meant no longer has a majority or a large minority government.
His party said it was treason and a coup attempt. Lol. I'm glad that party is out now.
I'd end up just sitting around watching Netflix for that low of a pay. 
Will the new GO line go down to Bramalea? Or will it only offer 15 min or better service up to Etobicoke North?
That's actually good. It means he didn't need to spend hundreds on quality tools as he didn't need them.
I'm very tired in the morning and tbh don't have time to make money. I don't like the taste of Tims, it's alright, but I just need something to keep me awake.
It's convenient and cheap. Everywhere on a uni campus. Better than walking 5 min in the cold to get coffee st Second Cup. 
Convenience and cheapness. There's like 5 in my uni. 1 in the engineering building where I spend like 6-12 hours a day. It's easier to just grab something and go back to studying.
I have one 1 min drive from my house! Just moved to this neighbourhood. It's great.
Heard this on a LPT: buy a tool box on Boxing Day. The tools are cheap and it'll set you back under $50. Once a tool breaks, buy the best quality one you can and keep it in the tool box. Soon, you'll have the best quality tools for the tools you use the most, and cheap tools that do the job for tools you use the least.
IDK. When I saw the total for my iPhoneX, I had the same reaction.
It's the only choice I have. Checked every resource for a solution manual and couldn't find one. 
Fuck it. I bought Chegg. This course has made me.
So, to make it more authentic and taste better, should I char my eggplants on a BBQ?
Block them.
Can't you link Samsung Health to Google Fit?
SAME THING HAPPENED TO ME! Let me guess: Rogers? When I asked them why they changed my plan without telling me, they said they had no obligation to let me know on my bill when they change the price. They said they could let me know by any medium they see fit (text, email, etc.) of which I got none, and they apparently kept no record. They said as I wasn't on contract, they can raise the price like this. The agent on the phone was so rude.
NEXT!
Yes. My name is Me. And you are You.
It never fades.
Don't have to worry about others roasting me as I roast myself the most
I have found my kind! There's dozens of us! DOZENS!
Exactly! And it doesn't even need to be super embarrasing; I'll remember a time like 3 years ago where I waved "hi" to someone who wasn't waving at me, but someone behind me. 
I think of something embarrasing I did like 5 years ago and just start insulting myself like "Fuck you. Why did you say that to her!?!"
School started on the 8th for us. No other major other than eng. Had the whole campus to ourselves for about 4 days.
Orcad with pspice library is amazing.
Apparently we're all sinners and going to hell.
*BEEELEEEEEBBBBBBBB
Who hurt you?
Haram in the streets, halal in the sheets?
AND THEY DON'T STOP COMING
This is CBC Marketplace. It's an investigative journalism show tackling things that'd affect consumers, like lemon cars, app permissions, price gouging, etc. It's not staged.
More like Yonge and Dundas in Eatons, or in TRSM 
Data doesn't, but calling does while the subway is moving. At the station stops, Freedom is the only provider who's data works, so it's very convenient as you're waiting for the train to arrive.
Bought mine from Amazon. Got a tube of 3m plugs.
Used Wind like 3 years ago. Service was terrible and it cut off all the time. Then, last week Rogers pissed me off over the phone and I said "Fuck you. We're moving all our lines to Freedom" and they didn't care, so we did. What really pissed me off was that they'd nlrnally try to entice you with a better offer, but this time they just gave me tips about what to look out for when switching. Service is MUCH better now with Freedom after Shaw aquired them. I haven't had a deadzone yet, it works in the TTC subway, and what surprised me the most was it had better service in the GTA. My plan is the $60 for talk and data 10gb. The rep gave me a promotional deal of $10 off per month for 24 months after I told him the Rogers story. Lastly, the Freedom Wifi app is VERY useful in Toronto - there are free wifi spots everywhere.
Are you sure you'd like to switch even though you're so close to being done? Many engineers work in the financial and business fields. Plus, completing your engineering degree basically gurantees you a stable job. You could always do a minor in business management to see if you actually like it enough to start fresh.
That doesn't mean every other country is a "shithole" country however. That's what your President says, and thus that is the position of your country.
You'll float too...
I agree. I think it was so officials can see how people would react if there were an actual strike, and where they'd hide. Maybe to better save or direct people during an impending strike, or to see human behavior and thus calculate the where the best location is for a strike against another country.
Look for private sellers (not dealers) on Autotrader and Kijiji. Once you find some you like, ask about history, whether they are the first owner, is it etested or whether they'll be paying for testing). That should really narrow it down. Then, schedule a day you can visit and chevk the car out. Go with a mechanic buddy or someone who knows about cars so they can help you inspect the car and better get a feel for the car when you test drive it. Lastly, bargain. Typically sellers will knock off $500-1000 off listing price.
I'm Sikh and have been going to Gurdwaras my whole life. For people curious about donations, you can donate with food or money. For example, since the food is vegetarian and we also serve rice with every meal, bring a bag of basmati rice. A pound of sugar is really useful because each meal has dessert, and for the chai. Say you don't have time to go to a grocery store; you can grab a bag of somasas, sweets, or any snack and there is typically a table with similar food in the langar hall (popular in the mornings). 

The best donation you can make is service during langar. You go in and serve the rice, roti, dal, etc. to those who sit down (fyi, during langar those performing service typically serve you food; you just sit down with a plate). You can also pour water, help make dal, serve chai, clean, etc. 

When you enter the Gurdwara, there is typically a prayer room. You must cover your head and take off your shoes. If your curious about the protocol, you walk in and stand in line. Once you get to the "stage" you kneel and touch your head to the ground. You wish for anything you want. What you're praying in front of is the Guru Granth Sahib (a collection of stories and songs about our Gurus' travels). The entire GGS is being sang in the background. You could then proceed to langar, or sit in the sitting area and listen to the music (don't worry, many people don't understand the words, but sit there because it's calming). You just sit with your feet crossed and wish for something, think about life, reflect, etc.
I used to avoid Timmies because they're not Canadian anymore; like if there's a Second Cup nearby, I rather go there. Now, I don't buy anything at Timmies. What really pissed me off was that the owners' daughter running the store imposed the cuts and no breaks, while that whole family are millionaires. They did it just to send a message - not because they couldn't afford it. 
Thanks for the link! I'll check some of them out!
Okay, thank you very much. I'll try that for my first time. Any places you recommend? Also, I should probably rephrase my question to never having any seafood. In that case, is salmon still the best thing to try first?
And of course their V's look exactly like U's and then they realize they've made a mistake in a 4 page long problem and say "well, you guys understand the process. Now moving on..."
This is great! Also, OP is a jealous dick based on his comments here.
Yup. That'll work.
Oregon is typically not the final destination.
If someone comes up to my car when I'm at the gas station, I feel like they're about to mug me or ask for money. It's typically the homeless. If you're from any big city, you'll understand.
The gas pumpers could scratch my car and/or overcharge me. There are multiple stories of them scratching peoples cars, and at min wage I doubt they care about your car. Plus, I like trying to get a whole number when pumping gas - it's a fun little game.
Yes, insider trading, but rich people and high profile business people are exempt. 
I finished my work in 2 days. Boss goes on vacation for 2 weeks. I spend 2 weeks on reddit.
Family time and catching up on tv shows and movies I've missed. It's important to just have a break and really not study and stress yourself - plenty of that is coming next week :(
I gave up on enrollment day. I just now accept whatever the scheduling God's have bestowed upon me.
The eggs you get at the markets are unfertilized, meaning they have no potential to become life. Therefore, I think it's fine to eat eggs. If you already eat mayo, eating eggs is really not ethically different as mayo is basically eggs and olive oil.
Unless you are Amrit Chakan (for Christians reading this, it is like being baptised), you don't have to keep your hair, wear a kirpan and karra, etc. It is a large responsibility and many Sikhs don't take part. Also, as a side note, not everything your parents have told you is true. If they tried to force what they assume are the Guru's teachings to you by beating you, that is disgraceful. Sikhi is about following the Guru's teachings. Read the Guru Granth Sahib and learn about the Guru's ways before just assuming everything your parents have said is automatically true and anyone who says otherwise is wrong.
It's not an owl...
So you believe everything your parents tell you? Wow.
Looks like Nathan Phillips Square?
It's actually not in our religion.
You forgot the relocation to a police force in a small town where his crime is lesser known.
And the officer will get what he deserves: paid leave, no criminal conviction, and relocation to a police force where his crime is lesser known.

/s 

Seriously, I hate how the US deals with incompetent cops.
Yup, -29 w/o wind chill is brutal. I can't imagine anyone would be outside for 3 hours in that kind of weather. It's guaranteed frostbite.
In Toronto, the entire subway system (TTC) and trains to the surrounding areas (GO) are free on NYE.
No Rogers or bell?
I don't know fashion. My wardrobe consists of black sweaters, dark jeans, and timberlands. 
Wow, that is different. Plus, you guys have more payment options than us it seems; we only have yearly payments.
Luckily Amazon Prime now includes Amazon Music. Haven't used Spotify since.
https://imgur.com/a/SFMv5

Here ya go. I signed up last Prime Day I think. No special promotion.
Yup! I loved my Axon, but I dropped it and the screen cracked. Now I'm a Note 8 user. Should really update my flair.
It is $32 USD. $39.99 CAD. That's what I pay. If you need proof, I can send you a screenshot.
No. Stop spreading lies. The gov is prosecuting them, but it is important to let them back into our country and NOT strip their citizenship. They are Canadians and will be prosecuted as such. If we strip their citizenship, what is stopping the government for making that common as it's easier? What if you were driving in Europe and hit someone while driving and the Canadian gov said you were no longer Canadian?
True. I saved up for 3 years to get a note 8 and an iPhone x for my dad for Christmas. It's all about money management. 
Same. Just did a factory reset and it works just like I bought it. 
I didn't see anything, but I do have these strange tally marks on my arm. I think I have five. Anyone else?
This is funny, but some points: Amazon Prime is less than $30 a year for students and it's useful for textbooks, the water bottle is literally $2 at Dollarama, Ray-Bans (at least prescription glasses) are pretty cheap from Clearly and such, unlimited data is included with many telecom providers such as Wind (where every plan has unlimited data), etc. 


TLDR; this isn't really upper middle class.

EDIT: Amazon Prime is $32USD/year
You forgot the Canada Goose parka, Ugg boots, and Kate Spade or Michael Kors purse that she needs to wear everywhere.
Someone went to the Prometheus school of running away from things...
Terry seems like the guy you could just chill with and talk about your feelings with and he'd be genuinely interested and helpful. Then you'd play overwatch in a lan party and he'd reck you with his pc.
The s8 only has an iris scanner. The face scanning is just using the front facing camera, which has been built into Android since gingerbread I think. Even Samsung admits under security settings that the face unlock is not secure, and it is not considered a biometric unlocking method under Samsung Knox.

The fingerprint scanner I admit would be preferred in the centre, however it is fine where it is for me at least. Although, I barely use it because iris scanner is so quick.
Happy cake day!
The s8 actually has an iris scanner, not face id. I'm using the note 8 and for me the iris scanner works perfectly. I think both the X and s8 are prone to breaking due to their glass bodies if they are dropped. However, the X costs significantly more to repair. The fingerprint scanner is not in a bad position for me; then again I have big hands.
SAD! NEXT!
I'm just 19 and I don't know who to talk to about some stuff. I just feel like a subreddit would be a good place to start and get some knowledge as to whether what I'm thinking/feeling is normal. A girlfriend would be ideal, but that's probably not gonna happen anytime soon.
As someone who just finished exams after spending 2-3 weeks getting 4 hours of sleep a day or less, yes it does. My face looks younger, brighter, and the huge blackness around my eyes is gone.
This is so true. During exams, I only got around 4 or less hours of sleep and my day consisted on getting up, showering, sitting at my desk for 12 hours (eating there as well), then sleep. I was miserable. After exams were done and I got some good sleep, and all that stress was lifted, my skin was actually brighter. The blackness under my eyes was gone. Even my mom commented that my skin was so much brighter.
When should one start applying?
A hug.
So, Second Cup?
Stand on the right, walk on the left.
I prefer Springer because his notes are wonderful, he explains everything clearly, and he'll explain stuff over and over again till we all get it. However, Toronov is pretty good but I don't like his notes; I spent majority of my time teaching myself as his lectures weren't as helpful as Springer's. With Springer, the plus side is that you don't need the textbook - just his notes. With Toronov, you need to review from the textbook.

EDIT: Just read the flair. NVM.
Good bot.
I hide my emotions through diving into school work and then all of it floods back during the break, so I then try to drown it through TV shows. Nothing really makes me happy. I don't know what to do or who to talk to.
Is there a subreddit where men can talk about that feelings and if it's normal to feel/think something?
I like to think I'd do the same, but I'll probably just awkwardly laugh and walk away in haste.
Thing about Samsung phones is that if you do a factory reset, they start working perfectly. However, as older phones don't get updates, you can just flash stock Android. Samsung phones are heavily supported on XDA (even my S3 till this day); just grab a new ROM and flash it. You have options over how your phone handles everything.
Not up here in Canada bud
Tweet from the OPP Sgt Kerry Schmidt on scene: https://mobile.twitter.com/OPP_HSD/status/944270643062861825?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbc.ca%2Fnews%2Fcanada%2Ftoronto%2Fdeer-highway-401-avenue-road-1.4463152
I always tell them to leave it at the door. No package snatching in my area. Then again, I live in Canada.
No, that's a keyboard
Thank you!
So which calendar was followed at the time of the Guru's birth?
If I'm in a pissy mood, I'll say it in a sarcastic way.
I do this and the group and myself both end up saying sorry and walking away.
Well, here's one: Lying about the economy being in good shape and going to post surpluses for 5 years, even though every piece of data and every economist disagreed with it. After the oppositions told him to come clean with the true figures or they'll form a coalition and put forward a vote of no confidence, his party called for treason and imprisonment for the oppositions for threatening such a thing. Eventually, with his position on the line, he said Canada was actually to post billion dollar deficits. He straight up lied to Canadians and had no intention of coming clean.



It's just so strong and overpowers everything. Maybe I've just never had good coffee (only ever had Second Cup and Timmies), but I just hate the smell.
Never drank an energy drink and I just hate coffee (the smell). I drink a glass of ice cold water in the morning to wake me up (first LPT that I've actually used daily and it helped). I also drink lots of tea; once in the morning, one when I get home from work, and one before bed. Tea doesn't have lots of caffeine, but since my body is used to having that amount everyday, it keeps me awake; coffee would be similar to an energy drink for me with the amount of caffeine in it and how much my body is used to.
To be fair, this sub will probably be like this tomorrow
Oh okay, thanks! TIL!
Why doesn't the ombudsman have a .gc.ca domain? I was worried as to whether that was a legit website or not in the past. I thought all government of Canada websites required a .gc.ca domain.
I knew I wasn't crazy! Everyone I've told "iPhones get slower after the next gen comes out" or "don't update your iPhone unless you want it to get sluggish" has told me I'm just crazy or I don't know what I'm talking about. What now, bitches!
Holy shit yes! The 4:50 is the best one to take. It's quiet, before rush hour, pretty empty, and it's the express. Used to take it a lot last semester, but my schedule changed this time around and I have to take the 5:50 and 6:50 :(
The 5:50 Kitchener train is already overflowing daily and there are line ups at concourse to get up to the platform, in addition to the people running to catch their train. I can't imagine what it was like with this chaos added to it.
It was one person in the RSU who caused most of the drama while the other members were back home away from campus with their families. She's an idiot. She had control of the RSU social media as well due to no other members being there.

That's what I heard went down. Correct me if I'm wrong.
322kph for the rest of the world. Wow, I bet he was thinking "please don't roll, please don't roll" when it lost control.
Download Zedge from the App Store.
I thought that trend ended by 2010. I remember seeing TV ads about ringtones.
Except for Canadians. No selling function. Just FYI as it caught my off guard.
Oh honey...
The throttled data is enough for messenger and background apps. Not enough for hd streaming. But it's a lot more useful than Rogers simply cutting you off.
Yup, every store (except freedom) at BCC. Lines at Rogers, Bell, and Koodo at Yorkdale.
Same with Koodo at Yorkdale mall; switched from Rogers to Koodo and it took like 15 min.
"it's some spooky shit out here"

Hahaha!
I'm voting for her. She's the best option out of the NDP and conservatives. I would've voted NDP if Singh was in the running.
Don't invest more than you can afford to lose. That's the main rule. I'm just a student and I invested $500 as if I lost it, it'll make no difference to me financially. Sure it's not a lot, but I consider Bitcoin like gambling or a hobby; it's fun to me looking at the price everyday and learning about Bitcoin. Fucking don't take out mortgages for Bitcoin.
Hey, we're looking for a new car the the bolt or volt seems appealing. How's your experience been with it?
Le moan
If it snows too much, nope. They just call in the military instead.
We have toy ads. I haven't watched TV in like 2 years now I think (only streaming services and Netflix), but turn on YTV or Treehouse and you'll see the ads. We need this law in Ontario. I'm gonna email my MP and see what she says. I'll post an update!
A hug.
Uber is much better than Beck at least. 
If he pulled that on me, I honestly would've either gotten out of the cab when he was going the wrong way or not pay the extra $5 out of spite. This is why I use Uber.
Just go to it and do it. They might bell curve the final mark enough that you may pass the course. If you've been keeping up with homework, final shouldn't be hard.
I just wanted to say that I love how engaged you guys are. You actually care about public opinion and aren't bought like our neighbours down south. Just know that we Canadians really value you - I think in a time like this, that's important to say. 
How would you compare the McFlurry to the Frosty?
Also post to some Canadian PC subreddits and maybe personal finance Canada.
Tell your bank it was fraud and typically they'll give you back the money. Post on r/pcmasterrace for better help. 
Fellow EE student here. I remember Newton's from semester 1. 
I wish I owned a restaurant and Ajit was next in line to order. I'd charge the current customer 50% off and Ajit +1000%. When he asks why, I'll say "Oh, this is how we run our restaurant. We're able to throttle some people and charge different prices. If you want to not be throttled, please pay a $20/month exclusive VIP charge."
Sorry guys, my ISP blocked the link. What did it say?
This will probably get downvoted, but NN is the main reason I will be voting Liberal the next election. The Tories have tried to repeal NN in the past, and when there's division in the party like Bernier opposing NN, I will NOT be voting for them and neither should you. At least the liberals have a firm stance on NN - they will not repeal it and Trudeau supports it. The Tories are quite divided right now on the issue. Plus, when the NDP tried in 2008 to put NN into law, Harper didn't allow it. **I will never vote for the party who proposes a bill or tries to repeal NN.**
Whichever party suggests or proposes a bill to repeal NN is a party I will never vote for till the day I die. 
Soo proud and smug to be Canadian right now! I love our country and u/-crtc-
Yup, as an engineering student in Toronto (specifically Ryerson), nursing students are some of the hardest working students in the school. Nursing, enginering, and architecture students like never leave the building XD.
But nursing is a STEM major. Hell, at most unis in Ontario, nursing has a higher admission cut off; at about 91% average to be considered, and then supplementary applications on top of that (internships, projects, hospital volunteering, etc.). At Ryerson University in Toronto, the average to get in to nursing is higher than for engineering! 


Nursing majors have it tough, and are some of the hardest working students I've met because placements (co-op) and after graduation jobs are so competitive! 
I'd be on jury duty if there were higher pay. It's like $10 a day or something rn...
Edgy.
Can confirm! I've been using the same Rotring since starting my degree. Plan on using it throughout my studies. I love how it feels! It's so heavy and looks industrial. If you hand someone that pencil, they always comment on it.
ITT: Jealous Habs fans.
I honestly really hate the signs. Every single store is the same monochrome colour. I don't even know why they chose that sign design because it doesn't even fit with the green and colour in concourse.
Sometimes you don't want to pack a lunch, or forget to do so.
2015
There's no Mr.Sub in Union, is there? But ya, I prefer Subway.
Zellers was fucking awesome man! Target was just a rebranded Walmart in Canada. Also, Canadians loved US Target because prices were cheap. Here, Walmart is pretty good and Canadians like it; it isn't like Walmart in the US where it's considered to be for the cheap/weird/poor people.
I meant design wise. The color scheme of every store is monochrome. Even the signs. No color at all.
Oh ya, because of the new CRTC rules! Sadly haven't been able to find a cheaper price than $1299. I would buy with contract, but I'm on a grandfathered Rogers plan and cannot.
Water goes up, snow comes down. Can't explain that.



/s
Lol, not here bud. Welcome to Toronto!
Considering the tech in Teslas, they should have gated access to Tesla charging stations, or at least some obstacle that prevents normal cars from parking there. Hell, even an audible warning would solve the issue.
The basement level is not complete, but if you know where the stairwell to the great hall is, that's where these stores opened up. They're all expensive and boutique stores. The signage for every store is monochrome. Everything is just dull. People don't even consider the stores and get stuff from McCafe because it's cheap and fast (their optimization and speed is amazing). I would've been happy with a Pizza Pizza or Subway tbh. If I wanted a sitdown meal, I would've taken the subway to Queen or something; literally a 5 min trip from Union...
The fact that my entire 4 month semester is dependent on this one exam. If I mess this up, it would've been all for nothing. Plus, if you do need it up, all that studying you put into for this exam would've been for nothing.
Whooshhhhhh
As it should be. There are two types of programs in the major Canadian unis: Software Engineering (accredited) and Computer Science Specializing in Software Engineering. The former can apply for a PENG while the latter cannot. Just giving the title to everyone in Software Engineering is a terrible idea and gives the false idea that they're engineers and accredited. Idk how the US manages these titles, but those who specialized in SE in CS don't deserve the title of engineer.
True. These guys are investing billions into originals. Look at all the originals by them that became popular! They literally just chuck money until an idea works, and they have a lot of money to chuck.
You of all people shouldn't be commenting on my grammar based on how atrocious yours is.
What the fuck? Your a delusional attention seeker. 
Then why'd you post on a Canadian subreddit that "you're Turkish and hate living here" where "here" refers to Canada? We're not even talking about turkey.
Well of course there would be many conditions for being accepted to Canada as a refugee I presume based on your least comment. Then, you have to get accepted to a university which is hard on it's own. If you leave right now, obviously you'll be in a bad economic and education position as you just dropped out of uni with tons of debt. That's normal. So you hate living in Canada because there were so many conditions for you to be accepted?
If your country is like that, I don't get why you hate living here. Seems a lot better than Turkey as you're actually given the opportunity to study and do anything to want, compared to forced conscription.
Then leave?
Would it not be better to wear swimming goggles?
Lol, you cons complaining that Trudeau is destroying Canada when he did nothing of the sort. Who do you think left all that debt? The cons who were in power for about 10 years. And Trudeau comes in and has to fix the deficit that left, and that won't be done in just 2 years. Harper destroyed this country. At least Trudeau is now respected amongst leaders, is negotiating numerous trade deals, and is kicking the US's add with NAFTA. Trump in the South is clueless with NAFTA and we're using that to our advantage. The cons are the true destroyers of Canada. How about how they muzzled scientists? Didn't believe in climate change. Thought marijuana is more dangerous than heroin. Pretended that Canada will have a surplus for 5 years but when the opposition said they were lying, they called for treason and death? In fact, they were lying on purpose; they later revealed Canada was to post major deficits. We're on fearful of what could happen, we know from past experiences that conservatives are lying and don't care about the public. All they care about is appeasing those who donate to them. You're however just voting conservative because "lol liberals."
That's for first order circuits transient analysis, like if you have an RL or RC series/parallel circuit I believe. This is specifically asking you to use second order circuit analysis.
Well then, not voting conservative. At least Trudeau and the current CTC defend NN. All the cons want is money from the telecom industries. Doesn't surprise me of course; the cons are always up to stuff like this. Voting liberal next election just because of this sole reason, and they've been doing a fine job so far (much better than the cons did the last couple years).
Switch opens at t=0
They run Tails.
Lol, MetaCanada trolls are out in full force today trying to convince Reddit that all of Canada hates Trudeau. 
THANKS! I have my exam tomorrow and we covered the basics. However, in majority of the problems I found it easier to convert loads and sources to wye-wye configuration and then solve the problems. Is that the proper way to do it? If I weren't to convert, there's so many formulas required...
Sounds like he's a bit insecure about his own dick
To understand three phase circuits for my final circuits final tomorrow...
-5°C is nothing though. I live in Canada but never had an iPhone. Do they work in -20°C? 
I'll admit, the only game I use a controller on is Rocket League...
Always! Just leave your gun at the border and be prepared to experience true freedom. Plus, our RCMP (police) said that torrenting and streaming are not a priority for them because everyone does it and it's so easy and common. 
Canada checking in
My philosophy is to never invest more than you can risk to lose. These people are idiots. If something goes wrong, then all of their life savings vanish.
I know. I used it a lot during its prime. 
I honestly really want to learn French (Canadian) as it's very interesting and it'll benefit my job prospects. Apparently, Français Québécois is very different from true French. I just don't know where to start. I dropped French in HS because I needed other courses as per my uni. requirements. I want to learn now but don't even know how to start.
I guess those 5 years of French were for nothing.
UofT certificates are actually recognized by employers.
I'm not talking about bombing the ISIS strongholds, I'm talking about the hundreds and thousands that are bombed accidentally or in collateral damage by the US. If suddenly a US plane came down and murdered your entire family, leaving you an orphan as a child in a war zone, I'd see why some would hate the US. The "war" in the middle east is primarily for resources and politics; no real outcome. And the following article is just one source. There are multiple cases of US soilders raping people there as well. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/05/25/world/middleeast/airstrikes-iraq-syria-civilian-casualties.html

In addition, you don't think Americans use creative weapons? How about Vegas? Or the Nightclub? 
Lol, he frequents that sub as well, based on his history! How appropriate.
One could also say when Americans stop killing innocent civilians and bombing villages in the middle east because they want to bring in "freedom" then people won't act like this anymore. Oh, but please, stick to your racist narrative that Muslims are bad and are the sole perpetrators in crimes. Most mass shootings in the US are by Americans, yet your media won't say that because you love fear mongering.
That honestly isn't that surprising in Canada. 
I think 1 or 2 days from the end of this week are scheduled for make ups. It varies based on the course. Your professor will probably say it in a D2L announcement.
Emailing your Prof. doesn't matter. There's a process in the course outline as to how to go about applying for a makeup. You need a doctor's note that'll be submitted to your department and they'll say if you're able to write it. You'll write the exam whenever the makeup is scheduled or you'll fail; no special exceptions.
"Vous jouez le volleyball?"

Is that any better? Come on grade 4 to grade 9 French! Don't fail me now!
Oh FUCK THAT! THOSE ARE SOME OF THE SITES I USE MOST OFTEN! Watchmovies, putlockers, kickass, piratebay, project free tv, etc.!
It's like dealing with a 5 year old. Wow. I praise Trudeau for being professional with Trump and actually being able to hold himself together. With the facts right there accessable to everyone, how can he lie so easily?
Nice! What course was this? We learned VHDL in our digital systems course, but I've been wanting to learn Verilog as well.
It's just become common knowledge in the gaming space now. It's like when you ask someone about COD Ghosts; everyone knows it was terrible and would never buy it. It's the same with battlefront 2, no one I know bought it because "Oh, is it that pay to win game?"
They charge you a fee for transferring, but you have no other option than to transfer if you want to sell. Dick move by Phil for not letting us Canadians know we can't sell using Coinbase.
You know there's places to study other than that SLC... Eng is typically pretty empty late nights, Podium has empty classrooms, Victoria is empty, etc. 
None of my friends bought the game, and they don't even go on Reddit! Everyone basically knows to avoid the game. I think for most people, it's gotten to the point where they'll never buy a battlefront game.
Lol, they're fucking with you. Just wear a hoodie and pants. Obviously don't come in with shorts and a t-shirt. It isn't that cold; everything is insulated.
You're in for a good or bad Christmas present...
Well good thing he scribbled over it! /s
I just can't help but think about that scene from The 100...
No, but most do. Go in the Donald and everyone supports this pedo. Also, haven't seen any outage from Republicans over this issue; only Democrats.
Meh. I bought some $60 USBC overhead headphones on Cyber Monday and they've been awesome. They're all I use now, so I'm sticking to it.
Yes you have. Stop lying.
It is literally cheaper for me to buy it online ($25 shipping) with a Canadian credit card (2.5% fee) and pay duties (13% tax). It is STILL cheaper than $1.5k CAD. Plus, if I were to buy it in Canada, I'd have to pay tax ON that $1.5k! So yes, may be a different currency, but the prices don't scale properly...

AND this example is stretching it. I'd normally just not declare the phone, and use a friend's no fee conversion credit card!
Digital systems should be pretty easy compared to the horror before it. But omg that exam; everyone I know left 1 or 2 questions blank. Scared for ELE though.
Our school combined the two courses to make it worse :'(
Just wrote by Differential Equations and Vector Calculus exam...Umm, didn't go so well... Felt like crying. Learned something new about myself: I cover up sadness with laughter.
I sold all my LTC. I was getting depressed by how low it went. Turns out I made the right call as I made all my money back!
Radians MASTER RACE! #πFORLIFE
What's the difference between Jaxx and Exodus?
Wow! That's amazing! I inspire to be a VLSI or FPGA engineer one day and work at Intel, AMD, Google, or any of the other big companies. Our DiffEq course is very different from most however. It combines the two courses: vector calculus, and differential equations. Without reducing the sections. Welp... Time to practice some triple integration!


Edit: Plus, to add, William is awesome. His DIY strobe light meter was very cool. I plan to make a solely hardware and logic based one over the winter break using a bunch of NAND gates, flip-flops, and some electrical components. Very excited!
Answer: 💰
Cover it in epoxy and hot glue. Then put it in a box /s
Put it in a box.
"The Silence." Who? I can't remember... But why do I have these tally marks on my arm? I can count fiftee-...okay, now there's two hundred. Two thousand! What's happening?!?
There's also law in place that if you sign up for a gym membership, the contract has to be in a short, easy to read format. Otherwise, the contract can be invalid.
Okay cool! I'll buy some LTC and convert it using shape shift in Jaxx. I think 5 VTC is a good investment.
Some profs upload the mark, others you need to visit them in their office. For math, since they scan everything, they just send you a link to the marked exam. You can use that to calculate your final course mark. Then in Christmas Eve you'll get your final mark officially and you can see if you've been Bell Curved.
You bomb the final and still get an A+ /s


But really, you'd look at the course weightings and calculate your mark based on your marks on D2L. Then you compare that to your final grade. 
Linear and ELE202 was really bell curved.
How do you know this? Like legit, how could you derive OP is offering shelf-stocking services after that post and a charger emoji at the end of it?
Omg yes! It's like almost instant compared to Bitcoin. My first crypto was litecoin and I've been spoiled. I then bought some Bitcoin to diversify but holy shit does it take so long to transfer! Sometimes hours!
Restocking what though?
No more laser time :( 
Can someone please contact William, or upvote this: William, please set up a Bitcoin address so we can send you money that way. Some of us can't send money through PayPal. Please!
This guy is awesome. He is engineering at its finest. Honestly, he's inspired me so much and I'm already buying parts to make a strobe light meter from one of his videos! He's a real inspiration!
Him saying he failed Differential Equations as an engineer student twice gives me confidence that I can still become an engineer. We'll see Thursday!
Putting your bagel in a square or rectangular plastic container doesn't hold it as well. 
RemindMe! 5 days
This guy is so happy. I want to be happy like him!
Yup. It's one class at my school: "Differential equations and vector calculus." Has a high failure rate, and is co-compulsory to this semester's courses, and compulsory to next semester courses. 
Variation of parameters, systems of differential equations, methods of undetermined coefficients, laplace transforms and solving systems of equations, fourier series and transforms, and calculus up to triple integrals (includes Stokes' theorem, green's theorem, line integrals, surface integrals, directional derivatives, etc.)
Wtf is a Jacobian?
Exam is next Thursday. So we learned triple integrals and divergence theorem on Friday. Exam in 6 days after that. Professor posts homework on Saturday for chapters we learned. To top it off, we have exams that whole week so we're all just PatrickJMTing our way through. Plus exam is cumulative including differential equations and all of vector calculus, so because of the new topics, there's basically no time to review differential equations...
Learned triple integrals Friday, exam Wednesday...
What if the LoafWallet app gets shut down or something? Will my coins still be retrievable?
Nice try, John Tory...
Jamaican patty, strong tea, milk cakes, bread, etc. Basically foods that'll keep me full and are full of sugar.
Exactly! No gimmicks, everything just works. Never had the widget crash!
Not popular opinion coming: yes, for me. I don't watch TV anymore, my wallet is my phone, my DSLR is now my phone, I stream all my videos and music from my phone, I use my phone every single day. This is a tool for me. We get all our info. from our phones and all our personal data is stored on them. With such a device, I think I can justify spending $1000 on it as I'll use it everyday for 2 years.
So I finished secondary school 2 years ago and we never had financial literacy training. Sure we may have some a profit and revenue chapter in math, but that was mainly calculus. Now, I don't have much financial literacy training and don't know where to start as I'm missing much of the basics. If we had mandatory financial literacy training in grade 9, that would be very helpful (more helpful than mandatory French).
This. Straight up weather and radar from Environment Canada. Plus, I get alerts when there's a warning or advisory.

Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ca.fwe.caweather
Actually, a "Newcomers" flair and filter should be available. Typically, megathreads aren't as helpful as posts, so this way a Newcomer will still feel welcome rather than removing their posts and redirecting them to a megathread. At the same time, others can just filter out the flair.
These are citizens of the same country, in the same room, on the same network, on the same website, being charged different prices...
So, like, is the YouTube channel dead too after the bankruptcy? If so, then this sub is about to die soon I guess...
Right now I have 2LTC. Should I wait till I get some more money to invest and put that money towards other coins to diversify, or split my LTC and diversify now? 
Price discrimination. https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/price_discrimination.asp


"Price discrimination is a pricing strategy that charges customers different prices for the same product or service. In pure price discrimination, the seller charges each customer the maximum price that he is willing to pay. In more common forms of price discrimination, the seller places customers in groups based on certain attributes and charges each group a different price."
All 3 Canadians got different prices in Canada based on what websites they visited, and then returned to the same one. They said this was intentional and how Expedia is supposed to work.
It shouldn't be happening at all, yet Expedia admitted it's intentional price discrimination. I wonder if there are bills already in place to prevent this. In the meantime, camelcamelcamel and some other Chrome extensions should be used I guess.
That's true, but what about with hotels charging some more than others just because the one being charged less had their cookies enabled and the company was able to analyse what they'd be willing to spend based on past trends? 
But in other cases, using incognito and not enabling cookies can result in higher prices for the consumer, such as with hotels and rental cars costing over $20 more than others would get. So, it depends on whether you care more about privacy or saving money...I hope they do a follow-up and question some ministers.
Why do you have a $3000+ couch...
I think Yung did worse... They rushed everything. Considering the average on the midterm, I wonder if this exam will be easier.
Mine don't reload the OS. Then again, I run Mint so...
Oh okay, thank you for the info. I use a Samsung laptop and Sony one, both of which wipe the hard drive when doing a full factory reset.
The reason I suggested a new OS install is because OP reset the hard drive. I assumed OP meant wiped it clean like through BIOS or something. Some BIOSs have SMART capabilities; maybe they should check if Dell BIOSs have that function and scan the drive. Nevertheless, new OS install or Canada Computers are their best bet.
Any benefit to Electrum over Exodus?
Hey same! Second year electrical! Currently panicking about MTH...
I'm 19 currently doing engineering at Ryerson. If you pursue post secondary at your age, you won't feel out of the norm. Literally no one cares or even notices how old you are. We have tons of students who are in their 20s and 30s. Just my two cents to remove that fear from your decision. 
They put insulation down, it's not that cold, everything is set up nicely, you have a lot of desk space, etc. uOttawa and Carleton do the same thing. 
Confederate flag on the back and never anything in the trunk of the truck.
I know this is a dick move, but I always do this and get better marks because of it I think. It sets the bar pretty low after a bad group goes up, so if the group after is even slightly good, they'll look amazing to the prof.
I'm guessing it worked? Haha, thanks for the offer!
And yes, Santa also responds to letters in **Braille** through Canada Post. 
Lest we forget...
Okay, so this is what you do. First off, there's no operating system on the computer so that's good - means you can start fresh. Get a USB that is about 8GB. Then, on another computer, download this tool from Microsoft: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/windows-usb-dvd-download-tool

That tool flashes Windows onto your USB and makes your USB act like a disc; it makes it bootable. Just follow the instructions the software gives you. Keep note that using this tool on a USB will format it - backup your USB first by just moving everything to your desktop or something. 

Next, you have your USB ready. Turn off your Dell, plug in your USB, and it will boot into the Windows download. The instructions are basic; you just pick your computer's hard drive when it prompts you, then keep clicking next. 


When it asks for a key for Windows, it should be on the bottom of your laptop as a sticker. If not, contract Dell or just leave it. Windows 10 activation doesn't really do anything; it just removes the watermark from the bottom right side of your desktop. 


Boom, you have Windows. Now, never insert that USB into a computer and turn it on unless you want to reinstall Windows.


This whole process takes about 2 hours. Of that time, 15 min is you actually doing something (like downloading the software). The rest is just waiting for it to install while you watch Netflix or something. Sorry I can't come over and help (exams), but this is what I would've done. PM me if an issue arises or the computer won't boot off the USB - simple fix in BIOS.
I'm in engineering. Please help me...please
Great! I'll compare it to Loaf Wallet and choose the best one!
Thank you!
Wow, that was fast. Any benefits to loaf wallet over others?
So black? https://elhstalon.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/Morgan-Freeman-900x675.jpg
Lol, dammit David!
In Ontario it's different as there are only a certain number of spots for programs, so there needs to be a high cutoff. If too many people get in, then they typically have weed-out courses that have such low averages that it's a shock to students coming from high school with 90s. 
So if I bought $250 of litecoin and bitcoin, there's no need to report it as it's such a small amount, right? They wouldn't care?
THE CRA CAN GARNISH YOUR WAGES, FREEZE YOUR BANK ACCOUNT, AND PUT YOU IN JAIL! CALL US NOW!!!!!! /s


Lol, I love those radio ads.
Don't trust the averages on the university website; by that, you need 80% to be considered at most unis. That is simply not true. Cutoffs are in the 90s. I don't know about unis in Quebec, but in Ontario, those are the averages required.
Ya, the Coinbase interface is beautiful. I would love to use it, but no selling is a deal breaker.
Okay, on further reading and taking advice from this sub, I might go with mint. Mint is Ubuntu based and a lot of programs already support Ubuntu, so it'll be easier to install programs. Plus, I already have experience with mint.
Basically every school. McMaster cutoff is 92% now I think, Waterloo is high 90s (for Waterloo BME, people get rejected with 99%), UofT is mid 90s, Ryerson is increasing but is around 87%-88%, etc. For the sciences, it's typically high 80s, but for competitive programs like McMaster Health Sciences it's high 90s plus supplementary applications. Most schools require supplementary applications as well as grades in the 90s. 


Basically, if you're going into engineering with below a 90, you're going to have a hard time getting accepted.
Wow, compared to the president of UofT, Lachemi makes jack. I wonder what the "I could've invented Linux" guy that all CS students despise makes.
Yay! Canadians unite! I actually made a mistake of buying from Coinbase initially; you can't sell them in Canada. So I had to transfer them to QuadrigaCX and now I use that. Don't make the same mistake I did!
I literally just got into crypto 2 hours ago.
Coinbase charges a 3.5% fee for buying, and 0.15% for transfers. It's worse.
No don't! I just bought my first one an hour ago and they don't support selling in Canada! Go with QuadrigaEX
Lost control. Bought another 0.5LTC...
Or as some call it, the Canadian Rupee XD Damn our dollar is low...
I'm keeping my limit at 1LTC for now. This is my first cryptocurrency so I'm being a bit cautious, but if it drops again I will definitely consider buying another.
Canadian dollar
Didn't want to be left behind like I was with BTC. Did I make a good choice? This coin seems to have huge potential and I was surprised by how fast it rebounded from the down-peak!
Ask on each university's respective subreddits.
If you have Vo= 5+6i V in frequency domain, then to convert to time domain:

You know the angular frequency from the voltage source, say 45 rad/s. Convert 5+6i into polar form to get the angle and magnitude: ≈sqrt(61)angle(50.19). Write in time domain: Vo=sqrt(61)cos(45t + 50.19°) V

Ya...blanked hard during the exam. Takes 10sec with a calculator.
Okay, thanks for the advice. That'll be my next phone then! Do you recommend getting that Google Care warranty? Seems very pricy.
This was before learning Laplace Transforms.
Are the problems people keep saying the Pixel 2 XL has significant? Would they be noticeable to a normal consumer? 
Orcad is one program I need to use everyday yet doesn't have a Linux version. I also prefer not to use a different software as the simulations in Orcad are better than some other programs I've tested. I can try running it in Wine or a Windows VM. I think I might try Scientific Linux first.
Oh wow, never thought of that! I could run a VM of Windows and run Orcad in it. The reason I want to switch is that there isn't as much customization in Windows. In the brief time I've used Ubuntu and Elementary OS, I haven't had any slowdowns. In Windows, there are just programs that decide to run in the background without my permission (Windows Services) and it annoys me that I can't do anything. Windows also has gotten old for me and I want to try something new.
!RedditSilver

Thank you so much!
Nye
I'm new to this sub. How the hell do people do this? What's Budgie? Where can I start learning about Linux?
I have a hockey stick.
Freedom*



*Freedom may not be free.
You spent more time explaining what salad you want than why you'd be fit for the role XD
This is my biggest fear.
I guess it's still a risk to the company. Sure a person wouldn't be able to sue, but can garner public support for protesting and such.
There wasn't any panic or dehumanization in the first place in this thread though...
I respect your choice and you have every right to be trans. In this thread, I didn't find a single post that even hinted at insulting or mentioning trans people. However, as we're on the topic, you must realize there are people who wouldn't want to date a trans person and that's perfectly fine. People have different tastes and some just don't like the idea of it. So you shouldn't let something like this sting you.
Some schools have better French teachers. In our school, our teacher clearly had favourites (those who would help her after class) and the only students who got above average were enrolled in French Immersion - a program some parents aren't aware exists. Thus, I dropped French as I had no chance of getting a high mark and that's all that matters for admission into university. Everyone I know who wanted to go into a competitive field like engineering, science, etc. dropped French because of this reason. Hell, even the student who spoke French natively only got a 90% (which by admission standards is low).
"Hey, can I see your number theory homework? Promise I won't copy, bro!"
I say "Happy Holidays" as it's a catch-all clause.
It's not that, it's about liability. In the US, it's so easy to sue someone and if a grocery chain donated food that accidently made someone sick, imagine the outcry. It'll be all over the news, protests outside the store calling for the business to be shut down, etc. Though I don't agree with this type of behavior, I understand why companies are hesitant to donate food in the US.
This movie was awesome when I was a kid! Honestly, if I were to watch it now, I'd still find it fun.
I've been getting tired of eating McCafe everyday. Also, there aren't any good food options around Union station. I'm very excited for these new restaurants!
Bitch we're talking about heckling in the House, not anything else. Stop trying to change the topic. Discuss Morneau's issues on a post actually about him.
Goo-alph
With how corrupt your politicians are, nothing will happen.
Still a dollar at McDicks!
We usually call it Timmies
"Medium Dark Roast Double Double"

Welp, guess I'm going to the back...
Also a sign that says "WALK ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE SIDEWALKS!"
I literally knew no one who had the joystick lol. But I have very fond memories of taking my memory card to my friends' houses and completing challenges there.
We were given an opamp with capacitors and an AC source and told to find Vo in time domain using AC analysis for an ideal opamp. Found it in frequency domain. Because of exam stress, I forgot how to convert it to time domain... Lost 4/8, but the answer was correct in frequency domain :(
"When your country has so many mass shootings that you want to change the definition of a mass shootings..."

Sigh, the US is so ignorant...
r/MurderedByWords/ 

Oh wait...we're already there...
"It's part of the experience" lol. Just watch your damn football game. It isn't a part of the experience. No one cares about the national anthem at any game until someone does something like sit during the anthem. Legally, they have no obligation to stand for the national anthem and it also isn't a part of their job description. If someone is fired for this act, well they are going to be able to sue for millions. **You clearly are confusing your personal opinions with someone's rights under the law.**