(Actually, it's possible that I — and you — have this backwards!)

Or maybe that you're an asshat and that the truth is in the middle. That Google has discontinued good products.
That's what I migrated to as well.
Rightfully so.
Yeah, having to buy a new motherboard every time you want to upgrade isn't very budget friendly.
FX owners who want a 1700 for a penny as they need to spend a fortune on DDR4.
Don't forget DDR4 pricing as you need more of that. Will prices go up/down/stabilize? :o
Yes and no. There are times where the step is much wider. Ryzen 1 only lasted about a year (including an insane decrease in price) and the Ryzen 2 should last about the saem.

If you go back one generation with the FX-8350 you will see a much wider/longer step. It was released in October 2012 for $200. Go forwards 4 years & 3 months and you will have the same CPU for $180.

Buying at that latter point wouldn't be all too great. It's like GPUs due to the mining. Only a handful of 1080s are at the same price they were released at.
Huh? He said the feeling of knowing your current upgrade will be beaten to hell next year, that's all. Why would he get Zen2 only if he wants an update now?
There's only art.
It really depends what's included in the $700. The GPU alone is $200 new today.
>You're just not good by enough of a margin yet to let that account climb.

Or you're stuck at a rating where teamplay only exists every few games. I've seen it with my mates who are lower ranked. Everyone insta-picks hanzo/genji/widow. They're the ones to never adapt. You're stuck with only having 1 tank or 1 healer. It's no fun for those because they get instant-killed etc. etc. 

It's a teamplay game so carrying only gets you so far.

The only way to get out of it is sheer luck with the teammates/opponents or to get a 5-6man team going. I'm actually surprised how Blizzard isn't able to put better algorithms to group people up. 
>You should be playing the game to play the game, not to look at a digital number.

Why? Might as well just play QP then because who cares about digital numbers. Who cares about winning, just have fun. Hanzos all-round woop woop.

Blizzard isn't the best with numbers. They've done some stupid shit and stupid shit still exists. "Like what?" Their stupid AFK system. DCing as it loads in the game = you left the game, game is cancelled, you lose SR (oh shit sorry, who cares about that...digital number!) and a CD!

Back when I was competing at the top of WOW Arena in the EU we had a game where we lost SR even though we won the game - reason was that the opponents had so much lower rank than us. That's Blizzard math for you. But yeah who cares about digital numbers!
Playing right after school hours sucks. Too many immature people who rather throw or ignore teamwork instead of win. Of course if you're lucky you can get those in the enemy team.
High wattage APUs (desktop or mobile) with a beefier GPU would be welcome.
$100 more expensive in Switzerland. $900 vs $800.
Ironically, those criticizing this have the mentality of an old fart.
Why? Armchair warriors who hate people being in groups socializing. It's easier to criticize others than yourself. It's the same people who hate selfie sticks, because yes, we all prefer the other option of giving our precious phones to a stranger, who might or might not run away with it.
Aimbot? gtfo. You don't deserve PC.
We fortunately all have different taste. I dislike black wood. I thought the colour he got was nice. But then again, I've never liked wood in cars due to it always looking so fake.

I'm a true old wood in a cabin kind of guy.
Radeon Rebellion could be a good marketing name imo. Sounds nice.
I think you just wrote the fuss. They put some 2.0 instead of 3.0 out of true cheapness, no technical reason.
Or RX555. They have enough free numbers.

I would LOVE to hear Lisa Su tell us why she thinks this is acceptable.
Hopefully lawyers are just making sure they've got all the ammo. The best is if the EU gets them as they'll properly fine Nvidia.
Yeah, especially when we have alternatives that are exclusively with AMD. I've previously only gone with ASUS but that will stop.
Surely ASUS was big enough to say no. Or couldn't ASUS make AREZ for Nvidia if they were forced to GPP as a FU?
It's both yes and no. Pentile is sometimes better for VR because you don't get these straight lines that you get with RGB. There are different types of Pentile shapes but the ones on the S7 I think is diamond which lessens the visual impact of the screendoor effect. Screendoor effect is what I think Account_1223 was meaning to say. Grid pattern is exactly what RGB gives. Pentile will be more blurry than RGB, yes.

With today's tech, all types of screens will give a screen-door effect. The resolution just isn't there for VR.

Going back to the initial point of all this. If you want to be really accurate, you want them to display sppi (sub-pixel per inch) + the type of subpixel configuration. Giving the consumer access to all info is great. Personally I don't mind Pentile much, it has its reasons to exist in AMOLED (mainly the blue sub-pixel issues) and in non-VR situations resolutions have been more than enough. It's like burn-ins, definitely exists but I don't notice it.


A little useless fact: Pentile is a trademark by Samsung.
What is that "Product Master"? (the source) there's a gazillion products listed
It really depends on your financials. Currently RAM prices are insane, GPU same thing. And your CPU prices aren't the best. If you're on a tight budget it might be best to wait. If you're OK financially and PC is your biggest hobby then sure, it's still not THAT expensive. Compare this to what people put on cars or trips and whatnot and it's peanuts.

I went from:

FX8350 - GTX 770

FX8350 - RX 480

1700 - RX 480

Each time there was a performance bump. I only really went to Ryzen because 1) financially I was fine, 2) I wanted to support AMD 3) my motherboard was acting weirdly (it was 6 years old). I do wonder if 1700 - RX 480 is better than lets say 8350 - GTX 1070/80. The 480 is having to work sooo hard.
Someone buying a CPU won't be computer illiterate. Might still not notice though.
Hmm? She was more in a tuck as to turn faster and land on her feet (as oppose to her hands on the other rotations).

Tucks make you spin faster.


I'd like to add that if you fail you just restart. So overall you're always getting closer to winning except for the minor moment where you die, leave to lobby and requeue.
Lunarstorm > all, in my opinion. Shame they failed their expansion. 
"Her vision is based on large and long movements".
He could have done a swift and constant movement back and still get upvoted.
I'm wondering that as well. It looks like chalk/crayon strangely enough.
Forgot about it as RES doesn't show the colours for me. I used to have Nvidia as well and it was the only "neutral" colour I could find at the time.
Buy a ticket to ISS.
Delayed = consumer release to 2019 or sampling?
Keeping a numbering system has never really been AMD's forte unfortunately.
>Microsoft claimed that the value of each disc was $25, this is the fee they charged authorised refurbishers who needed a copy of Windows. This is the value that the court ultimately accepted.

Why are you leaving out that $25 is for a **license** (+ CD/DVD) for authorized refurbishers?

I thought this part was lame from both MS and the court. It's comparing apples to oranges. MS even claimed lost sales again comparing apples to oranges. The real issue at hand is that the guy was making it look like genuine products, so properly counterfeiting the product. The software itself is available to download for free so that's a non-issue.
I read somewhere that he bought them for less than 5 cents a piece and wanted to sell them for 28 cents.
Single channel really depends on the application or game. Some games show no difference and some show (iirc) 20-25% difference. Should definitely go with dual although if he's lacking money for a second module it's totally fine to start with this.
One of the best places to live for electronics is Switzerland. (Usually) Similar prices as the US, low tax and earnings are higher. €260/$315 for 2700x at the moment and that's including taxes.
>Model 3 will almost certainly suffer from disappointing demand because of it.

Not really an issue in the shorter term as the backlog is plenty. But you're probably right about the future. If they made two versions optional, sedan vs hatchback/estate/station-wagon, the latter would be more popular. Just like Volvo dropped the "S" (sedan) variants on the smaller cars a few years ago. Only the "V" or "XC" hatchback/estate/station-wagon remain.
This is fast-forwarded. A bit sad actually to do this. It's no longer the same pace as the local music:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-O677BFSamw

you can put some fast-pace electronic:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_eNxZN3oquw
Why fast forward? :( I want the original. Doggy is goodboye enough that his real speed is the good speed.
Yeah my mate told me never to have my storage near full as it will slow down the phone. I've been following his recommendation ever since I noticed he was correct.
It also empties your storage (apps) so you're no longer at 95% storage usage.
Totally inaccurate. Someone will have grabbed it within the next 200 years.
I think he would have gotten in trouble. It says that MS claimed to have lost $8.3m in sales. This means MS only sees this as losing true sales of real licenses. Later it was lowered to refurbished licensees which goes for $25 a pop. In that sense it's not about the illegality of counterfeiting, but about lost sales, which I find weird. The former is true and the latter is misleading considering the lack of license.

What a stupid situation. Doing something illegal whilst only charging peanuts. Buying for 5cents and then selling for 25 cents. 20 cents mark-up is nothing for a business unless you sell in the millions. Several $1000s isn't worth 15months in prison.
No. Fuck cats.
It's retail that jacket up prices. Prices are still not low. There's just one source: Digitimes. I'll just move along and downvote this article.
That or the first price drop.
Nono, film to the end so we see the cat's reaction! I was wanting to see it :(
Wasn't it more Apple Maps or old stand-alone GPS units?
There's enough demand for all these vehicles to exist. The more models the merrier!
Was probably honored that you were so fed up not being able to kill her that you used your ult just for her.

At least that's how I view it when someone blows an ult just for me.
Doesn't matter. Their DPS will still be 0.
Prince* he's Nigerian.
Or they find loopholes. Eg. Hearthstone in China where you buy Arcane Dust packs (so no gambling). For each Arcane Dust you get, you also receive a free card pack.
I'm surprised that AMD didn't put out a 65/100W APU with Ryzen + Navi. For desktops and laptops. The 2400G is a bit lowend for gaming (especially as you start off at low level, when it's supposed to last you years). And for gaming laptops there's nothing to buy on the AMD side.

Kaby Lake-G + freesync laptop could be nice.
Where do you see that? I've only see the 8809G (100W model) be at 1050Ti levels in gaming. Notebookcheck and LTT.

>this was an older support page that does not accurately reflect the warranty of modern AMD processors

I still don't get when this was ever the situation.
Don't GPU makers have fixed price contracts with VRAM manufactures?
Nono, it's to force you to wear and tighten the seatbelt!
I thought G/freesync was when you went below 60fps so the monitor could match your framerate.
I like how you give us all the reasons as to educate everyone in the dark. Thanks.
Unless you're gaming 24/7 for constant 100% GPU usage you're better off worrying about other things than the GPU power consumption. Even when decoding video the card does only about 20W.

We need to keep things in perspective.
Apparently that video was misleading which is very disappointing from Tesla. I thought they were a company that was above those shenanigans.

https://www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/7anrth/model_3_vs_volvo_s60_for_sidepole_impact_safety/

I'm surprised about the body. They're a new player but surely they have some expertise from the Model S/X and the guys making decisions aren't new to the business.

Anyway great to hear about the battery pack, and that body work is improving (alongside ramp-up).
The comments do seem unnatural. A bit too much petting on the back.

I mean sure the prank is good in the sense that everyone involved gets a smile but I barely got a chuckle out of it.
I actually find that one funny and the elevator one not so much. It was just silly in my opinion. Maybe I'm too used to other elevator pranks that where they do similar things (disco, fake toilet etc. etc.)
Yeah but I'm too lazy to work and set my media volume on my phone to 0 and where are my earphones? /s
So Leeroy won at PUBG.
Is it only for dGPUs? Can Acer mix their Predator line-up to be both for the Nvidia dGPU and the Kaby Lake-G?
When the CPU barely went down in price for over 5 years it's kind of normal.

$200 for the FX8350 5.5 years ago was quite the deal. Even more so when many simply BIOS updated their Phenom II motherboard. I was in that seat. Basically for about 5 years I had only spent $200 on CPU and $0 on motherboard/RAM.
That's definitely the reason. The 2500k was always recommended over the 2600k.
The 2200G and 2400G are APUs so inherently different from the Ryzen CPUs.

Weren't you able to boot with Ivy but would be missing features? And therefore be able to update the BIOS yourself.
Do we **know** that BIOS updates are required? It wasn't required on Bulldozer motherboards when Piledriver was released.

I had a motherboard for Phenom II that required a BIOS update for Bulldozer, but then I didn't need to for Piledriver. I think the reason being it's the same architecture but improved.
And because you have to pay a premium when you break the back.
It's still losing its monetary value.
And just like that Nintendo Switch sales increased.
This picture shows how banal the launches are now. No one is even by the table eating and watching.
I thought you meant due to global warming at first! But yeah 2108 / 4 = 527.
You can use the red/orange balls to spot them easier. They're used for snow-golf.
In attack for sure. In defense it depends. I think Hanzo gets more hate (rightfully).
I could be wrong but I think DVI splitters just copies the signal to two outputs. Meaning you'll see the same thing on both screens.

Hopefully someone who knows better can confirm or correct me.

If you haven't bought the 1030 you can always look at AMD as I think all their cards can do triple monitors, even the lowest end.
Not really. It would be nice to get an 90W APU where the GPU is stronger. First because of the form factor. Secondly with the mining craze it would be nice to get an APU with GTX1050 performance levels.

Right now the 2400G 65W is similar to a GTX1030 which is respectable but they can easily make a 90W version that would be popular, so why not?

In any case, I'm surprised to see this. I thought they'd rather jump on the mobile sector for being more energy efficient. It's so difficult to find something AMD on the mid-range sector as it's all Intel + Nvidia.
I still don't like the guy.
What about the antenna cover colour?
> Going on 2 years now for my Sunscreenr.

Sixense would think that's early. They're soon at 4 years late on delivery which is totally acceptable in the slow-pace of the VR world.
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm my fake-o-meter is tingling. The second guy sees the boxes drop, no bees, doesn't react and then suddenly oh shit bees! Gotta close my eyes for nothing omg!! -.-
Typical them being out of touch and thinking they know better.
It always was?
> Troy McClure 

WTF thanks :D you just reminded me of a 12 year old WoW video "Billy Maclure". Of interest to people who played early days of WoW: https://youtu.be/mTBo52IFHbE?t=4
But the ~~video~~tape is.
Inversed X and Z axis?
I use Screen Filter. Don't need root. There might be better apps out there, this one works fine though. It's greyscale so it's fine for AMOLED. 
Switzerland often has all-we-can-offer deals. So if you don't use all the services then it's expensive.

The Internet price is the same whether your lines maxes at 1Gbps or 100Mbps.

That being said, VDSL2+ deployed to almost everywhere in Switzerland. So even up the mountain you can easily get 50+Mbps.
For those downvote him. Do all cars of this rack type do this?
They'd at least be further inwards than the mockup and maybe they could have a second small cover.
"Frecuencia del procesador: 3,8 GHz" -.-

And CHF 249 = €208 in Switzerland!

https://www.microspot.ch/de/Computer-Software/pc-komponenten/prozessoren--C581000/amd-ryzen-7-1700x/3-4-ghz-prozessor--P0001317127
If you measure the outskirts of the circles of each sign you're looking at 1250mm. You bring over one leg and you get 1250mm, then the other and you have another 1250mm. This makes 2500mm.
The circlejerk would be fine if it was true. Instead OP is as bad as EA and is a lying sack of shit for spreading misinformation on purpose

The quote from the interview: "As we kept reviewing the game, it continued to look like a much more linear game [which] people don't like as much today as they did five years ago or 10 years ago"
Here is the quote from the Interview:

>"As we kept reviewing the game, it continued to look like a much more linear game [which] people don't like as much today as they did five years ago or 10 years ago"

The EA guy is 100% correct. Why are you lying? EA is bad enough that you don't have to get into the nonsense of making up stuff. It discredits everything and tbh you're the typical reason why we ALWAYS have to double check statements. Fuck you for spreading misinformation and making me defend EA.

Source: https://www.gamespot.com/articles/ea-says-people-dont-really-enjoy-linear-games-as-m/1100-6455252/
Except they never said it doesn't work for linear either. It's just Reddit twisting words like a dishonourable politician.

The actual quote from the Interview is this:

>"As we kept reviewing the game, it continued to look like a much more linear game [which] people don't like as much today as they did five years ago or 10 years ago"

The guy is totally correct.
Understandable when you've got something so exciting in front of you!
Meh, it won't make a difference on your average Hanzo main's damage output.
On the same motherboard as OP? Because all the <insert brand> is good/bad are meaningless. You can find people who had issues with every brand.
It's not THAT bad but there's definitely a significant difference *overall*. Some games won't have any difference. So when you can get a second module. This way you can make this build a 2-time upgrade :D First the entire build and later a good upgrade with dual channel.
It's as stupid as the beginning of the rounds when if you DC at that very moment you cannot get back in the game and have a CD to rejoin.

Other games such as CS will wait for all players to join. If no one has joined within 4? minutes then the match gets cancelled and only then does the guy who didn't join get a penalty.

Getting -SR and 10min CD simply because you DCed when joining is brutal.
Hanzos are getting kicked left and right!
Depends on your lifestyle. If you just use that one set of headphones? Sure. I use several different ones and each having a dongle won't cut it. Or having the dongle with the phone at all times won't work as I'd just lose it.
If reviewers get such disparity on results, imagine what noobish us would get. It's like Russian roulette!
Iirc they were going to look at it. I agree to remove Anand entirely as even without Rocket League they're way higher than the others.

Remove them and the 97% goes to 93.9%.

Noob question: when you overclock (Ryzen 1 & 2), do you still retain boost capability?
hmm? The throttling was on 24/7 as it's when the battery health has degraded to a certain %, not when the battery is low.
So it is the same. You're talking about a hacky work to repair a car. The guy you replied to talked about normal good repairs.

I also love the logic I'm seeing here. The device might not work correctly if done improperly so lets make it 100% sure it won't work at all! Such a better solution.

To me this should be like some printers do with third-party ink cartridges. It should give a nagging message when you install them that "hey you're using non-genuine cartridges. Understand there's a risk of damaging the printer and having lesser quality. OK?"
Check out /r/apple threads on 11.3. They're defending that it's Apple's rights, that it's a good move because aftermarket screens can log your input etc. etc. I even read about that aftermarket screens can be bad, not have touch work properly and so on. For some reason they think killing touch is not in the same ballpark? :S

Oh and some bash the third-party guys that repair screens.

They're delusional, will continue to buy and defend Apple no matter what Apple does.
Always helps out to know people stand by you.
Revenue is the money that comes in. You need to remove all the costs (incl. their cost for products) from the revenue to get the income....which was at negative $1.4billion in 2016.
A sucky Hanzo won't hit jack shit.

A sucky Soldier will still do considerable damage.
Blink (rank 1) whilst tracer has Blink (rank 9).
Absolive unit.
2/3rds of the CO2 produced would be released by the waste material naturally anyway.

>But most of the stuff burned in WTE processes—such as paper, food, wood, and other stuff created of biomass—would have released the CO2 embedded in it over time, as “part of the Earth's natural carbon cycle.”

>So about two thirds of the emissions of CO2 are treated like biomass

https://www.treehugger.com/energy-policy/no-sweden-does-not-recycle-99-percent-its-waste.html
I don't know about Sweden, but in large parts of Switzerland you pay a tax for bin bags. So instead of your usual 10cents a bag it's more than $2. People recycle a lot more.
Yeah, you actually burn the fumes at ultra high temperature to kill all toxins. 
144Hz > Sync
Each time you update your packages you mine. It's to incite people to keep their software up to date. We should praise these guys.
Huh? Link your review, and don't link Anand as there's something wrong there.

>Working our way from neutral to the rest: If you already own Ryzen 1 systems and you are considering upgrading, don’t bother. Skip this generation. Performance-wise, it’s not a huge climb, and a trivial OC can get most of it.

https://www.gamersnexus.net/hwreviews/3287-amd-r7-2700-and-2700x-review-game-streaming-cpu-benchmarks-memory/page-3

You can check the benchmarks in detail if you wish.

Here is Techpowerup's:

https://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/AMD/Ryzen_7_2700X/20.html

So where am I wrong? I see an average of 5% increase. Productivity might be a bit more. In gaming it's less, 1.6% at 4k!! 

Or are you all /r/AyyMD people?
That's what I'm saying? It's been used that way and there's no reason to change because you don't mix apples with oranges. Why do you think I brought up storage space?

It's incorrectly used yes. But it's been incorrectly used like this for a long time. There's no point in changing it randomly now. It's max power today. It's not typical, nor average, but max.

The purpose of many things in life change with time and often the naming remains even though it makes no sense.
And Jensen is coo-coo with some type of complex. Probably never listens to others.

I mean he must have greenlit this as well as Geforce Experience requiring the user to login, just so that they can get a bit more data on you. They rather take that tiny <1% of extra revenue to screw people over, even their own customers.
I'd believe in this possibility IF they were still making other games at this very moment but, alas... :(
brother from...the same mother?
>it feels like 90% of pulse bombs and rip tires go straight for me

The other 10% being the games where you have a Bastion with you.
Is it like a cone-shape? i.e. you need to hit/aim truly in the middle for the max range?
What's with gfycat lately? Always takes so long to load.
Battlefield: http://www.bfcentral.net/bf4/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/battlefield-4-soldier-glitch-640x360.jpg
That's the technical meaning behind TDP but TDP has been used as maximum power consumption for a long time now. I mean it's a CPU, not a cooler.

Just like storage Gigabyte vs Gigibyte has been misused. But it's best to stick to this misuse then use the correct way randomly.
Am I blind? I don't see any Ryzen 1 in that list.
I have to disagree. It's a small refresh, that's all. Upgrading is honestly silly unless you have money to waste. You're looking at an overall 5% increase. Productivity more and in gaming less.
Do you mean aside from AIBs dropping their gaming brand name on AMD cards?
I'd argue in this case, they're well taught to ask before trying. Instead of trying something the wrong way and breaking it (not that the door handles can break here).

It's a shame that the video was cut short though.
I prefer the bang for the buck approach. And with AMD you are so flexible with keep hardware to upgrade important parts.

Heck you could buy a gaming capable 2400g and the rest high-end, then plop down your Matisse chip when it arrives with a BIOS update.

That's what I did. I had the same motherboard & RAM for my Phenom II, Bulldozer and Piledriver CPU. Really economical approach, even more so when you manage to sell your retired CPU.

The only real downside at the moment are RAM prices and there's no sign of it going down any time soon :(
There's still the issue that people go with Intel just because. Then they rather go with Intel because it's 5% faster in gaming. Even though it's much slower for the rest and that you can most likely put in a Zen 2 CPU in the same motherboard so it's MUCH cheaper. Basically you can upgrade a lot sooner for the same buck with AMD and in the long run the 5% faster is long-gone.

Your contemplating on Ice Lake vs Zen 2 is also for the ~5%?
I like AMD but I will say it's a puny way of doing it. Anything to mislead consumers is lame. Not as shit as GPP but still. There's no need for it.

Personally I'd rather have a naming scheme that's easy to follow and makes sense.
They already have Geforce to market behind that all AIB's have in their GPU name. Why should Nvidia promote ROG when there will still be AMD motherboards* with that name?

If they really wanted to kill all confusion they would ask all AIBs to each create a new brand exclusive for Nvidia GPUs and no other product.

*and ROG mice, headsets, laptops, sound cards etc. etc.
It is yours as shortening it changes the meaning of the title. AMD is calling out GPP and they say that GSync is the gamer's tax.

>"...rather than penalizing gamers with proprietary technology “taxes” and limiting their choice in displays," Herkelman adds.
I'll accept that you're confused in the beginning. That's the case with all hardware. RAM? What's with the speeds and the timings? SO-DIMM?

CPUs? So many generations, sockets, core types and threads, clock speeds and boosts.

You can be sure though that Nvidia is just doing this to kick AMD down even further. Nvidia has the market share, people are not confused due to the existence of a name (other than the AIB brand name) that's applied to both sides. Otherwise they'd dictate to only have one specific gaming brand for Nvidia. They'd be against that eg. ROG also exists on AMD motherboards (like it will continue to do), Intel motherboards, mice, keyboards, laptops, sound cards and so on.

Heck Nvidia gave the finger to XFX and Sapphire when they decided to make AMD cards along with Nvidia ones. Blame the greedy crazy Jensen, who wants to squeeze every last revenue there is to get, instead of scarifying the last <1% in exchange for great good of the consumer. How little money do they get for the data we give them with our login? Is it worth it? I think not.

I mean I **hate** how I have to login to Geforce Experience and that I cannot use my Freesync screen on my Nvidia PC & laptop.
ROG is still staying on their laptops, AMD and Intel motherboards, keyboards, mice, headsets, sound cards etc.

What brand do you think they'll market? ROG or AREZ?
I thought I was getting an Nvidia GPU but all I got was an ASUS ROG AM4 motherboard :(
Not really. They're still capable chips. If you were on an old AM3 Phenom II CPU (eg. a 2-core one) you would have a very cheap and massive upgrade going with a top of the line 8xxx FX CPU.

No need to buy a new motherboard nor the overly expensive DDR4 RAM.
ÅÄÖ
I wouldn't say a good fight. Lame? Sure. Personally I'm on the fence over wanting to see this. I prefer noble fights, and those that don't confuse or mislead the consumer on purpose.
Influenced = copied and painted over?
I think he'd get a lot more viewers if he could stop repeating himself and make the video half as long, if not smaller!
Same. Had this since the beginning and tried everything. Ended up moving to OBS :( I'm actually quite mad at AMD ignoring and being silent on this. It's a major feature for a GPU. 
In the GPU list we saw the other week ASUS wasn't there on the AREZ section, but you're right. I did bring out my microscope and the ASUS logo is still there!

https://i.redditmedia.com/SD9R4Enuw6AkJ1QBo6X-QsdVQhZi2CfcdE0ylsANOKk.jpg?w=900&s=6a352e3974d722478692d59183b8bbc6

vs

https://www.overclockers.co.uk/media/image/thumbnail/GX41VAS_177472_800x800.jpg
I'll still only try to buy from the companies that didn't sign on (most likely those that are AMD exclusive). Lame of ASUS to let Nvidia dictate what they can do.
It could be a tad meaner looking but I think the majority think it's good looking.

The (lack of) interior on the other hand is a hit or miss with people.
>failing company

Stopped reading there. /r/teslamotors believes everything and you guys here are at the other side of the spectrum with pure hatred. Where is the middle-ground subreddit of Tesla where people say Elon is exaggerating once again, they're delaying AGAIN, but at least they're moving in the right direction and 2k wasn't like some burst that some people (here) claimed.

Downvote me as much as you want but I'm objective here. If someone were only to read all the comments here, Tesla would barely have 500 models 3s out there all with missing parts and that the company is asking for donations because they ran out of money.

Honestly this is like reading the_donald.
Do you mean ASUS? AREZ is the brand name, it's no longer an ASUS card. The editions are Expedition, Phoenix, Strix and Dual (instead of ROG).

I say time to fully embrace AMD exclusive AIBs.
Better? They've downgraded the cards so low that it's no longer an ASUS card!
Also surely ASUS is large enough to have said no. They didn't only remove ROG but their ASUS Brand name. It's not an ASUS AREZ card you're buying, but simply an AREZ card.

I've pretty much only bought ASUS. I'll try to avoid them from now on.
This article with no marketing and will be read by hundreds of us, hundreds! Good initiative but this will fall on deaf ears.
How is that open standard, no add-on required, Freesync support on your PC? Don't forget your login to update your driver and software package.
So sad that they removed ASUS as well. I guess I know what brand(s) I'll be avoiding on future purchases.
Do you guys even read the article before clicking on comments and then commenting? This is for the French Government officials, not the public. It's a smart move.
I wish Sony try once more without releasing one with outdated hardware and a shitty skin.
Doesn't have to be but time will tell. Products are planned long ahead. They cannot simply cancel a product and get back to the design drawing board to remove ROG branding.
I totally agree. I installed it assuming it would be an utter piece of shit but it's in fact the opposite!
So we agree that it fails at the rest really badly compared to today's phone? It even somehow has worse battery life without having a backlight.
What about the rest? It did have a shitty, none-backlit, monochrome, small screen, terrible battery life and most often non-rechargeable batteries.

So yeah, I'll take the smartphone over the Gameboy (even though I loved mine).
So your'e saying it's unpaid robots that are making the changes to the manufacturing line?

IF if it's true that some (unskilled) workers are on unpaid leave then obviously that's uncool but I HIGHLY doubt that they're saving money here.
Buzzfeed? Really? I'll take what they and their source say with a large grain of salt. This is RealTesla, not TeslaHate.
Not sure it's a budget case. Back in the day having screwless inserts for the HDD was premium stuff! You can also forget hidden cable management features.

Example of a premium case back then: https://www.ht4u.net/images/reviews/2003/thermaltake_xaser3/32.jpg
(Thermaltake Xaser III)
Congratulations, you're building up traffic on the emergency lane only because you want to play the police.

You know what's worse than one cunt going through the emergency lane? Another cunt blocking the lane.
Y'all need to love to ski! You're lucky to get snow like that.
I just hope they went too much past the grey line and that the EU slams them. Time will tell.

It also shows what a scum the Nvidia CEO is for greenlighting such an immoral program in exchange for minuscule gain.
>Weren't we all upvoting this yesterday for being a good interview?

Really? A good interview? They barely had a conversation. I thought we upvoted the awkwardness as the interview went nowhere. It's not so much what he said, but more what he didn't say. Asking if she spoke English is fine imo. But then simply talking about VIP passes and nothing else is not the best journalism.

Two simple questions such "what does AMD do?" and "what is your role at AMD?" would have gone a long way.
I'd prefer having a GPU upgrade than an SSD in his setup (assuming there's gaming involved).
He was agreeing with the guy meaning he put himself in the non-average consumer category.
You can't rely on camera dates. A lot of people don't set them. They get reset when the battery runs out and so on.

The guy was correct and here's where it happened: https://goo.gl/maps/cetANdAJS2D2
How did you get from 1st to 4th?
They added mechs? and it's not like pubg was original.

The look isn't original though!
In the alps you usually get a warning but they can take it away if you're being TRULY reckless (as should be the case). There are no yellow jackets though. It's only if the rescue patrol sees you which would be rare.
It should help yeah. More cores will also help for PUBG as that eats CPU.

If you're on a tight budget overclock for now.

http://www.legitreviews.com/pubg-cpu-core-benchmarks-many-cores-need_197719
SSDs don't do shit for FPS unless somehow you're memory starved (at which point you really should have more than 4GB RAM...)
The only difference is that one is often released with a brand new platform and the other never is. Intel got out their 6-core quickly. It's not as if it needed to be designed from the ground-up after Ryzen was released. The CPUs weren't a mess. The platform was. Sure there wasn't that much stock in the beginning either but the same can be said about the rushed GTX1060. It takes a while to manufacture GPUs as well.

I'm still interested how Intel fucked up allowing Ryzen to be competitive.
Nice price. Although don't forget that professional/factory looking shrink-wrapping can be done very easily these days. So be careful! Open up the package as early as you can.
Also if you can make a high-end gaming GPU you can make a high-end workstation GPU.
>they're only competitive cause Intel fucked up 

How? :S If you mean holding back, then that's a bit what Nvidia is doing.
Why do you prefer? Can't have the same name? What about brand name? Is it bad that there are AMD and Nvidia MSI GPUs?
By design or by failed design that they had to abandon?
I don't even know who the CEO of Intel is.
Considering how much wood is "alive" and changes shape I don't see this being a long-term product.
> Sweden is quite warm most of the year, though? 

Someone from eg. San Diego will disagree with you. Sure it's t-shirt and shorts in summer but you can get summer days where you want to wear a jacket! 
Most of it is cooler...isn't the Rage card the same size as a Fury Nano?
WHAT DID YOU SAY ABOUT SUPERIOR AND GLORIOUS MOUSE AND KEYBOARD??!! /s

wasd sucks by the way. Can't get worse than binary for movement. It's like shitty joystick/wheel support we get on some games, whilst consoles always have great support.
I still dislike his "singing". I just feel he should let others do that.
Not sure I'd trust specs on such pages.
They say yeah but I **highly** doubt that they actually know. My *guess* is no. Why? It should be a similar chip (unlike CPU vs APU). Although maybe the manufacturing process changes things? When the Bulldozer FX series came out on the AM3+ platform it needed a BIOS update because the FX series were completely different from the Phenom II.

When Piledriver FX was released you did NOT need a BIOS update to make it work. I cannot remember if the motherboard misread the name itself of your CPU.

That being said, there will most likely be new BIOS out and, as usual, it's best to update!
Only 10% of Nvidia gaming GPUs are high-end?

And what about profit on highend vs midrange gaming GPUs?
I still don't see the point of high-end gaming not making much money compared to mid-range? Which is what the discussion was about. I bet Nvidia makes more money on 1080s than the mid-range gaming cards. Would you disagree?

Neither OP nor I see gaming and non-gaming to be any issue, you can make both. But currently it's about mid-range and having no true high-end. If you have a high-end gaming GPU then you can easily make one for workstations.
highest end on price though :(
It's usually another skier with a GoPro + Gimbal stick.
You could easily finance such a building by adding webcams and subscription to access them.
Worse issues than a wild luggage?
You just need to have a refrain that's easy to "mime". The one's trying to guess will see the same movements and realize it's the refrain and voilà. Still difficult though.

eg.

Don't stop me now

Hit me baby one more time
I've made more money selling crates than the game cost me. Oh and it's fun!
I understand the reaction due to the regime. I don't understand how this event took place. Can anyone explain? In which country was this?

edit: ok no, simply downvote.
It's only a banner when you're using the phone. If you're not it goes full-screen like normal.

You can't miss it.
As Swedish-robot as it gets.
It's a shame that AMD doesn't do a 90W APU. Basically put +25W extra on the GPU. The 2400G at 65W is fine but lacking on the GPU-side as it's only equal to a GT1030.

It would otherwise be a good temporary alternative for many who are in need of a GPU. Then when time comes sell the APU and replace it with the high-end CPU + dedicated GPU.
Yeah. The 1070 and 1080 must been very lucrative for Nvidia.
The Note sizes haven't really gone up. Screen? Sure.

Note 1 vs Note 8 front side = 12'193mm^2 vs 12'155mm^2 so actually a tiny bit smaller, whilst going from 5.3" to 6.3"!

If you add in the thickness = 118'269mm^3 vs 104'533mm^3

Dimensions from Note 1 to 8:

146.9 x 83.0 x 9.7 mm

151.1 x 80.5 x 9.4 mm

151.2 x 79.2 x 8.3 mm

153.5 x 78.6 x 8.5 mm

153.2 x 76.1 x 7.6 mm

162.5 x 74.8 x 8.6 mm
I agree with what you're saying but it doesn't change the fact that the thumb has a bigger screen to navigate.
Why are we still talking about screen size for phone size?

HD2 is at 65.2% screen-to-body ratio compared to 83ish% on the Samsung phones.
Do you mean for movies?

Also the Mi Max 2 has ~74.0% screen-to-body ratio which makes the phone massive compared to the Note. Note 8 is at 83.2%. Basically you get a large screen with a "smaller" phone.
Why not do it all to 16:xx then? This is as shit as imperial vs metric.
I have to agree on this. The bend in itself was noticeable at first but only that. I don't see any colour distortion and a lot of movies still have black bars. For the rest....well the image is ENORMOUS (you do get more screen per phone size) so it's lovely to look at.

It reminds me of AMOLED burn-in. Sure it exists but unless you're really looking at it you won't see/notice it.
Lose durability for sure. Usability? I don't really agree. It's at the very edge that you MIGHT have issues and that's an area you wouldn't have in a flat screen anyway.

You get more screen for the same phone size. Not only because of a lack of bezel but because the curve also increases the area compared to something flat.
Can't say that I've seen that. At most people just tend to try to demolish you back and that all becomes a fun game.
I'm actually curious to know how much the car decelerated/suspensions were used. It must have been quite the force. Shame there's no video.
It might even be smart enough to take into consideration where people are sitting in the car. No one in the passenger side and there's no time to avoid? Make it hit the passenger A pillar.
That's a tiny minority at the extreme end of the discussion. And I hope you're not at the other extreme (as they would write exactly what you did) as that's equally as bad.

Most people here have a balanced view and acknowledge when there are multiple parties at fault.
Isn't the truck tire too large to get past the windshield frame? And I doubt it would break the frame. Bend? Sure.
This has existed for a long time: https://i.imgur.com/ztOc7PY.jpg
And they still don't try to fix the loading. That's the main reason my friends & I stop playing and don't visit it from time to time.
You also misspelled Grand Loading Simulator V.
On mobile, Ryzen only exists as APUs.

You can completely shut off the dGPU when not in use for a much better battery life*. GPUs still idle at a pretty high watt usage.

*assuming that AMD implemented this, just like you can find on Intel/Nvidia.
Also a shame that they didn't put out one with higher TDP on the GPU side such as the Intel + Vega APU.
Not really. He says he's sorry and that he will be quiet. She repeats that he needs to be quiet to make the point clear and he already understood. That's all.

He's got a job so I don't see the big issue with the video other than not muting.
I thought it was included considering the title. A bit misleading but another good step forwards.
Just as bad as a guy stalling and just letting it roll in the middle lane. If your car isn't responding properly get to the right side!
2.2? Yeah....but no. Still an enormous amount.
Volvo is still known for its safety. The reasoning for the luxury is being Chinese owned and in China they're seen as luxury.

Tesla used Volvo to compare its safety (and wasn't even fair about it).

XC60 is best in SUV class on the Eurotest. Other car manufactures have caught up a lot though like you say. Also many of them put things in as standard that Volvo puts as optional.
How?

I've always thought the way to fix the issue is heavy fines after checking the camera post-match.

"Who will fund that time-consuming process?" a fraction of the heavy fines will be enough.
There's diminishing returns on buying "materials" as oppose to experiences although in the beginning they're quite similar. You don't want to hike without proper shoes for example.

Going from one 1080Ti to 2 will not give you twice the experience. Same thing with buying a second PC for yourself or 6 monitors etc. etc.

However, linking up experiences one after another will do that.
And your wallet unset for years.
RX 4xx series. Ryzen 5 is still the 4th gen. AM4 might not be mentioned as much in any given time-frame but it will live on for a very long time. AM4 will most likely be replaced with AM4+ so the number 4 will be here a while.

I just see terrible logic in all of this and AMD sucking at naming, as usual.
Is this why Nvidia went with 3.5 + 0.5 in its VRAM configuration?
Ryzen Death sounds like a zombie. Put in some Sapphire devil and you have one badass piece of hardware.
"summer"
> they'd rather just have a smooth experience using their phone, even if it means sacrificing some hardware.

I doubt it. "I don't have a 3.5mm but hey, it takes 50ms less to open up my apps!!!"
So no stolen/copied content onto GIF?
But it's the last nail in the coffin for FB!!

I honestly don't get how this gets so many upvotes. Too many moral armchair warriors.
I'm not sure whether to laugh or cry at this level of blind stupidity.
Lets try to be credible and then totally ignore GDP per capita or energy consumption per capita etc. etc. etc.

Still a stupid title though.
Also GDP per capita.
Worse than lowering to an RX 670. Worked well for Nvidia during the 5xx, 6xx and 7xx.
So I think we can all agree that his gaming benchmarks are as useless as it gets. Why does he even have them?
>Last time it was 720p 

No. 720p was never a true king of resolution. Before 1080p it was 4:3 ratio resolutions. Some moved to 720/768 but not many. 1080p **is** and has been king for a very very long time.

> indicative of the Performance you could expect from a CPU in the future.

Again no? The logic was to remove all GPU bottleneck. Lets not try to play the victim.
Perhaps not but when a kid, with a smile, is suddenly filming you it's hard not to smile back (and then wonder what the filming is for).

You could definitely tell who the cool teachers were with this simple video.
>  always be in beta because there is an infinite number of situations that can present itself

Software is often released without being perfect and have room for improvement
I do like the possibility of overriding though. What if the sensor is broken on the wipers (thinking it's forever on) and the car won't let you open the trunk?
As long as it's not Landy Crash.
Is that some XFX naming?

eg. http://vrzone.com/articles/xfx-alpha-dog-8800gs-xxx-edition-review/5573.html/4
25%+ more efficient is quite significant.
Easier to search when you want to find it again.
32 minutes
In this particular situation it's Elon (or assistant) answering on his account, not the official Tesla account. So writing "Elon:" and then quoting is totally fine.
Yes. You are right. This is the truth. Ha-ha!
Stiles*
That's a lot O_o
That's Shopping and not Search which is totally different. Shopping isn't even an indexing of all the products for sale online. It's pure advertisement. Stores pay to have their products on there and get clicked. In fact, Google is having a big issue with this in the EU as people think it's a price comparison index, so they're under investigation.

Censoring Search is never a good idea.
Owner of business gets special treatment in said business. Shocker. I bet this scumbag even has a BETA version of the FB app that's due to be released much later to us mortals.

Shit like this is what dilutes and discredits the real issue with Facebook.

Reply if you're going to downvote. If you have a real argument that is.
Boo-hoo, I can still communicate with friends, useful local groups, find events etc. etc. 

You don't need to put your life on Facebook but for many of us it's useful to organise parts of life outside of it.

As shit as the company is, I'm surprised more people are angry about this compared to government snooping and all-access possibilities.
A lot of games you need to wait for non-SSD loaders anyway. It's nice to have one though obviously, just that it won't increase your FPS whatsoever. Some people are better off upgrading different parts IF it's for gaming.
Makes
Not sure how he can laugh that much. It's fun but not hilarious.
Sure about CSGO mod and not HL2 mod?
Some credit to Torbjörn giving armour to everyone. I'm sure things would be a lot different without it.
How does Norway have so high compared to eg. Switzerland? I thought both countries were similar in terms of economies, hydro power and so on.
>my past experiences with AMD have been laughable

Care to explain? Aside from AMD not being present in the high-end I'm not sure I understand.
Nah, assumption goes a long way.
and not honking?
Care to explain what MSM death watch is? 
I hope that's an exception. You'd think on their "no interior" design where you're supposed to be free to do whatever you want, including work, that the dash is a bit robust for you to put stuff there without being scared of it getting marks.
I think this is just a game they're having when they're all together. Maybe they try to beat their record length every time. The rowing becomes more of a game than the actual game. He maybe tries to get them to think a strategy on the best rotation. Having the two smallest kids one after another is probably not the best. Also think about the length. If they all need to do the same amount of time it's probably best the smallest kid does many short sessions as she isn't capable of replenishing the battery.

I highly doubt they always have to row to game.
Yeah, Steam is just a losing strategy for Valve.
One of the best*
For 4, it's also because of bad weather (eg. snow and snowing), direct sunlight into the camera, no lane markings and so on. We'll just have to wait and continue paying attention.
Bad example in my opinion as you have lots of room. How are to drive onto the rails btw? Do you fly?
The video from the other day shows a similar off ramp as the accident, it had the left line, it had the stripe markings but not the right one. The Tesla didn't react to the stripes. They were a bit faded but not that much.

I see the error being on AP, the road maintenance and the driver.
That's due to not paying attention, not because they were unable to understand. AP is paying attention but doesn't understand.

Shouldn't it see the triangular stripes on the ground though?
Looks like your average gasoline car. I wouldn't mind having it.
6min is too long for me unfortunately. Where is the emergency braking?
Not available in Switzerland.
Was that when you forgot you didn't have any RAM?
As much as they're not mounts, it seems it's at least hanging on some type of ropes/wires and not cables.
Seems to be a LAN and staff working on a very small budget!
I'm the worst of the pre-alpha builds.
Not sure if Teslas are safer than eg. Volvos.
So what? 1. Bloomberg wrote that. 2. He is supposed to turn the wheel for the lane splitting so obviously he didn't turn. The facts of the matter are that: 

A) the driver didn't pay attention

B) the system isn't able to sense or see the concrete 

C) the ones in charge of maintaining security features on the road takes their time. Something as crucial as this should be done asap. They're called accidents because they can happen at any time. Having an accident on Day 1 doesn't mean another won't happen on Day 5.

D) the ones in charge of the marking should properly mark the lane divider zone

It's error upon error upon error upon error. Remove any of ABCD and you'd have a completely different scenario.
I'm confused. Why is the iOS queue so long in your comparison compared to the 1-3 song iTunes one?
Isn't the Windows OEM price much lower nowadays? And I'm not talking about the sub-$200 laptop pricing.
Yeah and some people believe in this superbeing who never shows himself called God :D
Google is disappointing me lately.
Sometimes just feels like a "look at me, how cool and random I am" to some of us.
Good music is fine then?
30mins if a bit long for some of us. If there's any TL:DW I'd appreciate it.
I'll assume that having the antenna up on top is really required instead of having an antenna eg. on a belt together with the battery pack. I mean this is starting to look quite ridiculous and massive :') and you'd think we already have enough weight on the head.

Look at how large this thing is: https://youtu.be/EvclmgxSdfI?t=193

It reminds me of those old products from the 90s.
And all the GTX 1060+ laptops unless they can do something with thunderbolt.
Understand what caused the accident? Are you saying Nvidia is in the NTSB investigation? O.o
Do they have access Uber's code? Or do you mean that they'll start working on a situation where there's a pedestrian crossing the road in the darkness? Surely they already have and will continue improving on this no matter the accident and it's always been done without halting the entire testing? 

Also what stops them from testing on closed roads or limited the roads they're on they like already have?

This is just pure PR and you're eating all of it. 
So...Nvidia isn't supporting it?
Not sure how glitches is normal either. That's like saying the product has always been subpar.
5 gold.
I'm with you on liking the things. I love stats, I love POTG even if I lost because then I can analyze what fuck tard things my teammates or I did.
I'm just going to say there's a reason those are the 3 chars that are the most flamed about. Most people suck with them. Most people think they're gods with them.

You never see someone go "omg, why did he pick DVA/Soldier/Ana etc. etc."

So there's sucking and then throwing on those chars. Have you ever see someone tilt and throw the game by picking Reinhardt?
How can this shitpost get so many upvotes? I'm disappointed at this subreddit.
That won't happen. That's like the people "boycotting" COD.

And sure some big businesses might want some PR and delete their page now but the small businesses won't take that risk.

I think our biggest chances for them getting hurt is the EU commission. 
Strange to call it Phantom when Gainward has that name for some of its GPUs.
The only positively would be $$ for Nvidia. They don't care about their image.

I prefer companies that scarifies the last ~1% of income to give a huge improvement to the consumer.
Reminds me of the LinuxTechTips sponsored videos from Intel. Sponsored shouldn't mean ads and yet they are on LTT. For example the one on the X-series completely ignores the existence of Threadripper. They should talk about the X and compare to the alternatives but nope.

It's all "journalism".
Surely crashes can cause a trigger? Just like if you compress a normal phone battery you'll have a fire as parts that shouldn't be in contact suddenly are.
And Google is happy you cannot use Play Store on Amazon devices. They both don't care about their customers.
Trampoline then powder or soft snow. Obviously avoid to train this on hard snow landings. Spring snow is great for landings. Airbags exist as well although at some resorts the kicker or size isn't suited.
The edges become steeper and the center gets squashed.
Some meat.
If they went TRUE Indiana Jones style, do you hear me OP?? 
It's beyond me how AMD/Nvidia sometimes don't release their beta drivers on time for reviewers. Most reviewers will not do an update. These benchmarks are here to stay. The worst was AMD with Ryzen/motherboard makers' poor performing RAM compatibility.
I'm confused. Hit the screen on the sides? And if so, with what parts of the hand?
When I'm typing on my phone I only have the thumbs on the screen. The rest of the fingers are holding the phone.
I'm not sure it's any more difficult. The display is more expensive though.

Also the higher-end screens the last 2 years have the layers extremely well bonded so it's impossible to remove the glass without breaking the display itself. Back on the S3 I could easily do it at home. I've done half a dozen for my friends and family. S7? Forget about it, curved or non-curved. You need to replace the entire screen.
The swiping feeling is nicer on the Edge. The only real usage is I love seeing the side of the screen when it's up-side down. Basically it flashes from top to the bottom when you get a notification and of course it's colour flagged.

Then there's two reasons for curved. You get more screen on a smaller area. It's a way for Samsung to get R&D back on curved screens which is a step needed for flexible displays.
I had bought a cheap flip-stand case for my S7E and it's actually really good for the screen. Either I'm lucky or first try or you want something too perfect. The top, bottom and corners go higher up than the screen. The sides follow the screen. I don't use a screen protector. I don't see the point when the glass doesn't really scratch.
S7E who is a lot on snow (lots of sun) and I can't recall that bothering me. I didn't even know there was any.
I want the video! Not shit shitty gif.
Curved lenses will do that to you/pictures.
So....maybe he got that snow from the car in front of him! :O
That's the dangerous shit. Powder snow "only" blocks the visibility for those who drive close behind you.
3 lefts.
Isn't it FC5 that's still a DX11 title and that doesn't scale past 4 cores? 
I'd be annoyed if a friend tries to answer a question that a friend is already answering. Just STFU and let Steve answer!
Yeah quite annoying to watch actually. I expected better from them! It's like they had to show they knew their stuff.
That's normal though. Even on conventional doors you need to clear the snow right around if you want to avoid any of it falling in.
The issues keep piling on with the 3. What a headache they must be having.
For me it's that plus several different groups (local, interests).
Yeah they usually do that when there is no new GPU and OEMs still want to sell a "new" product. Iirc AMD did that with the HD 8xxx series which was a 7xxx.
It's Nvidia that decides on what premise the clock speeds OEMs can set it at. The GPU has a different ID that's set by Nvidia, they could call it the MX145 but no. Nvidia is the one that sells a 4GB card that's in 3.5 + 5 but never mentions it. Nvidia releases a 3 and 6GB version of the 1060...that also has different cuda core count but doesn't mention it. Gameworks that's forced to run on slow-ass CPU when an AMD card is present. Nvidia disabled your PhysX card when you also have an AMD card. Nvidia decides not to adopt the Freesync standard, so fuck you Nvidia customers who decided to buy a FreeSync monitor! How dare you?! Lets not forget the $$ Founder's Edition that's a FU to you and OEMs. Nvidia is the one forcing you to sign-up and log-in to use the GPU software. Now there's also GPP which is as lame as they can get.

They make great products but they don't care about us customers or even their reputation. Don't blame Reddit for that.
I must say you're getting some great and varied responses.
S8 only right? My S7E Nougat doesn't seem to have this.
Kind of hard to make that joke when the only picture in the article shows the hundreds of schools in ND connected to this new network.
Thanks. Kind of need to know that it's father's day for the joke to make sense. Otherwise you have to simply guess.
Very true. Although I must ask, isn't that the point of the strip? I don't see any other.
The hint is in the screenshot not showing that part.
What's wrong with the quote? And so you know, "worst" doesn't mean that you're an ass or excuse you to be one.

In fact, I'd even take that as advice. If you can't handle a girl at her worst then get the fuck away, her best is not worth it.
I don't think you can draw an overall conclusion on a 580 or 480 due to all the mining. It's definitely a current situation but I'd be more interested to hear how it was on the 2xx or 3xx series.
They're no longer making AMD gaming cards because they rushed a starved card with low bit rate, and not because of GPP?

Ok...
The 580 is strangely high compared to the 480, almost 11% faster.
Meh, as long as you don't stick your head out it's fine.
How is it misleading? It was the full HTML instead of WAP (although it also had WAP capability). The image for a 2001 phone was great although if you compare to DSLR you'd probably laugh, sure.
Definitely full. Although it did WAP as well.

Here is the only picture I can find of a website on the monochrome screen:

http://hpc.ru/devices/images/267_02.jpg
105W TDP? We're back to triple digits? :( I assume the 2800x will have the same TDP. Maybe they're waiting for more binned stock.

In the mean time the highest wattage APU they put out is 65W. Where are you 95W+ APU with better graphics??
If they're serious about Youtube wouldn't they have a laptop with a good CPU?
I'm sorry but this is both Google and Amazon. Google is no saint and they're both hurting their own customers. Even if you bought a Fire Stick you might still have a Android/Nexus phone or use Gmail etc. I say FU to both of them AND people who defend Google. Remember what they did to the Windows Phone when MS had done nothing to Google?

In the mean time MS put out Office out on Android. If they acted like Google, they would only put it out on iOS.
Check out second hand. Otherwise an OK option is the 2400G. Pretty good CPU. Modern low-end GPU performance. Low price (minus DDR4...).
Isn't that going to take a while? The cards are already paid off and as long as they make a profit it's best to keep them in the farm. If he wants new cards or make room...well they still make a profit so other miners will want them at $180 meaning you still won't see the cards around.

The day they'll properly sell the cards is at the sweet spot where the cards are still worth something and barely make a profit.
He mentioned FLOPs as well. FLOPs could be better used simulating protein folding.

Cryptocurrency is easily swapped with another digital currency (blockchained if you want) for its usage. You can't simply turn off the world's oil supply and replace it with something else. So if I cared more I'd be in debating what should be considered useful or not.
He's being downvoted due to his last sentence. HardOCP has been pro-Nvidia forever. If they're reporting something this large and negative towards Nvidia it's for a reason.
If you want a phone ahead of its time: http://www.mobilecollectors.net/phone/3200/spectronic-ts2200

From 2001. You had the full web experience. You could take a decent colour photo and send it by email whilst on the go.
To be honest, as a ski instructor you know the ins and outs of teaching. You know exactly what to do and what exercise to give. As oppose to the average good skier only saying "be more forwards" which barely helps whatsoever.

I'll take the veteran ski instructor over an Olympic medalist if I want a fun course with great results.
Address book, events and groups. But yeah, no more of that lets post pictures and status every 2 seconds.
It was always like that. But ASUS isn't going to push another gaming branding after ROG & Strix for little AMD.
It's not like you can buy them. You've bought your ROG 580 card last year. You still require a support page for it.
I'd also be interested in a 90W APU with better performance on the graphics side.
I think it's the retailers that profit from this. Not AMD nor the AOB makers.
Yeah the 8xxx series that out of the blue added 2 more cores, compared the 7xxx series, when Ryzen came out shows that they were holding back.
It's a vicious cycle. You spend lots of R&D and get a great product out. It doesn't sell well because of Intel because of Intel. Your revenue is lower than projected. Then year after year your revenue is low and you have trouble putting a good amount of R&D. They even had to sell their fab for cash.

Not only did they not get the revenue they needed but it also put a downwards spiral on the brand. You'd rarely see them in computers except the ultra-low-end laptops. And that's not because the performance of their other chips are too shit for the average Joe. A lot of people on a budget building their PCs went Intel even though in the long run you'd be better with AMD as you can simply upgrade the CPU every few years instead of the whole a large portion of the computer with Intel.
What? AMD has had issues since the bribing. The FX line was just a consequence of it just like Phenom I sucked and the other generations were simply OK.

And to be fair, the 8350 was released for $199 5.5 **years** ago and you can still be OK gaming on them. I wouldn't exactly call them garbage. 
What? You can have an insanely difficult rasterization frame take hours. It all depends on the complexity of the image, settings and your hardware.

>What this means is the performance will go up while getting great visual results by using this method.

This is the evolution of graphics since forever.

Real time tracing has existed before this but without much simpler scenes.
So 10 years for the average Joe.
Yeah I prefer titles like that otherwise you cannot find the video when you search for it.

Don't like titles? Don't read them.
It's not buzzfeed knowledge. Those quotation marks were no unnecessary. The full caps were so it's obvious answer.

Same thing for that IKEA question. The guy at that show tried to over-complicate things.

I don't like the questions but the incorrect answers they give and their reasonings are even more shit.
$130? 100Mbps (meaning 80Mbps for VDSL2) is $80/month. Home phone included.

$130 is when you add the highest TV offer and unlimited national calling.

Sunrise has $65 for the same 100Mbps. Where Swisscom exists, Salt/Sunrise exists.
By law if there's Swisscom there's a rival as Swisscom is obligated to rent the lines.
Aren't there videos of cows eating baby chickens? I got a tad scared watching this.
He has to for security reasons considering that he's only using a the seat-belt as a 2-point one.
Nvidia wouldn't care about being nice. They only truth they might care about is if it's legal or not.
In terms of usability? Sure. But MS could make a new app in a few weeks. The hard part isn't making some that's usable. The hard part is getting people on your platform.

FB didn't pay a shit loads for Whatsapp because the app was amazing (it isn't). They payed for the userbase.
No? You mean yes.
In Europe you only see the Armor ones for RX 580.
Send stickers!
The European Commission is the only EU entity that I respect.
Weren't they forced to go AMD due to Nvidia? I remember my XFX 8800GT Alpha Dog.
You can...auto-save? O_O the amount of times I was going to save a match but forgot to do it at the end.
I thought GPUs weren't PCI-E starved?
Why? Jensen Huang. He's always been greed/power-tripping. Something is wrong with the guy.
/logic off

hey lets delete our account as that will change things, just like everyone went to Telegram instead of Whatsapp

Also we all have the EXACT same lifestyle and use apps in the EXACT same way. Reddit isn't collecting data either. But all other services are trying to take all your monies.

/logic on

Laws need to change and firms be held accountable.

I don't see how losing all access to my countless of useful groups, easily be informed on events etc. will make my life better.
I think I have almost 5 friends with Telegram and it's been only a few years since we were all supposed to change. Any day now! Final nail in the coffin Facebook!!!
Not sure I can see this. There's no second bulge with lights.

I do take notice of the mini-hood which almost looks like a Model 3 one!
Are we supposed to answer that question without any info? It could be a multitude of reasons. The incident happening faster than the person can react, distracted, tired, bad visibility, bicyclist not following the law of the road. I'm sure I can come up with more. Basically it can be in any or several of the three categories: bicyclist error, "driver" error, bad luck.

Edit: as someone who drives and sometimes bicycles I will also add that some bike lanes are TERRIBLY designed, so that's another thing that entice bad luck to appear.
Automatic cruise control has existed for a while and I haven't heard of those vehicles having more accidents on the highway than other vehicles.

People have also been drinking soda whilst driving since the beginning so there won't be any changes there.

The fact that system that currently exist will alert the driver when it feels it's incapable of coping in the current situation is a great first step. Afaik the Tesla's not only alert but will pull over and stop if the human doesn't take control.
Yeah not saying it is but it sounds just like a voice altering software. 

Multiple mics and millisecond lag probably gives that strange sound/echoing.
I was able to install this in Switzerland.
Yes such as Lone Echo.
VR in general or the Vive Pro? Because I doubt you get 2-3x the "wow" effect on the Pro compared to the normal version.
Graphics has been advancing so fast the past decade that I, as an average gamer, am not impressed at the visuals of the video. Quite strange considering this is a tech demo! I thought I was going to get blown away.

Real-time is an impressive feat though and always great knowing things are only getting better.
>it looked cool
Yeah right, that's why the biggest country in the World Switzerland has the same price as the US in a lot of its electronics. A couple of years it was even CHEAPER than the US *including* 8% VAT.

£100 for the population is as bad as Adobe saying it's because of regional differences, i.e. it's Colour and not Color....when they usually don't even change the spelling.
Also do consider your room. If it's something you need to move/setup every time to you play you won't play it much. VR is awesome but my Vive is accumulating dust because of this.

Every time I'm into gaming, I'm too lazy to set it up all up (especially before with all the bugs) and end up playing 2D games...and with friends as that's another issue. Most friends won't have one.
Glad this is the top comment. Things aren't black and white. We all use different services in different manners. Is FB looking out for us? Nope. Are there true alternatives for all uses of FB? Nope, only partial.

In the same fashion, we're not all using Telegram instead of Whatsapp which should have been the easiest switch ever.

If you're better off without FB then good for you. In the mean time, I'll still use FB, continue to drive my diesel car until I can afford an electric one, use Google services, will now and again put a Coke can in the the trash (as I don't find a recycle collect point), sometimes eat unhealthy food etc.

I don't use FB to put up my daily activities or learn about other's. If you only use it as a diary then sure try to quit. I use it to stay in contact with friends, get information for events and browse A LOT the different local groups. I don't live in a large city nor in the US.
When it's the year of Linux!
I hate these types of sentences. Just because it sounds fancy pancy doesn't mean it's true.

It's just a 3 way deal (sometimes more). A wants what B has that wants what C has that wants what A has. They're all customers.
Yep. For me it's the groups and organizing things in general whether it be events or carpooling. Other groups are simple things like buying/selling, jobs, lost&found. (I don't live in a large city)

The whole part about staying in touch with friends is obviously good as well.

In any case, Facebook isn't going anywhere.
Yeah. Even if the jokes sucked or if they were pro-Trump he handled it poorly.

You'd think they'd rehearsed a Plan B for the very situation of a booing crowed. Don't need to overcome the booing but accept defeat with humility and come back stronger on your next show.
I think the difference is "micr".
I hope you don't have wooden floors in your apartment.
Computer says no.
huh dude?
>N-O-Tree

Pretty sure I see a tree, remove the O!
I still prefer Hanzos in the battlefield than those at the far back making the fight a 5v6 that we ultimately lose. The further the Hanzo is away the more luck based the shots are as well.

And yes, I'm talking to you 3k Hanzo mains.
I'm a guy who only did alpine racing for many many years and then went to freeriding. I love both. The thing is that groomed slopes you can get any idea unlike powder. So I give priority to the latter.

The most fun on groomed is first at the top and having GS skis (imo). Or even better, back in the day, I used to take the old 33m Super-G skis!
Not exactly the same but when I was around 10 I gave my father a card where I punctured coupons to shovel the snow. He's used all but one and kept the card for 2 decades now.

I have to admit what OP got is an order of magnitude cooler and creative.
**THE BOAT IN THE MOVIE THE TITANIC SINKS**
It's not ugly, it's different but definitely the wrong colour. You don't doubt when you have the right colour.

The blue is nice looking. I wonder how long it takes for one to get bored with it though.
I never understand the argument about size. The system already shows that it works for small towns all the way to the national level so why wouldn't it scale further?

The Swiss system has a great balance between direct and representative. You cannot have full direct democracy as that would take too long. You vote in politicians that you think are good. The system makes sure that they're good as the people has the power to themselves initiate a binding referendum. Shit politicians don't stay for long.

The 50% is fine as that includes all the shitty and stupid votes. Important votes do get higher turnout. You don't want 100% either as if you don't know the subject it's best to stay away. Although I'm not sure if you can vote blank and that it's counted as a vote and not "absent".

I don't get the issue with the last. It's a religious structure with its main purpose is to call to its local population to pray or simply give speeches. It's pretty normal that this isn't popular. I don't even like Church bells. I don't get why religion should get a special treatment and be allowed to disturb others tbh.
The pixels are never on our side.
Super-wide lens is sex though.
Yeah just like Freesync, which was AMD "keeping up" and Nvidia quickly adopting the standard to benefit everyone. No wait.
Yeah. I love how the Google search widget can do Swedish queries (searches, set alarms) but if I open up the Google Assistant it cannot. My Google Home cannot either.

It's as silly as how difficult it is to play local media on the Chromecast.

S-Voice I used to use way back when Google couldn't set timers (it would simply set an alarm!) and it was nice for that but other than that never used the other services.

They seem to forget to go the extra mile...or the last mile. Yes I can tell Google Home (in English) to turn on the TV. But I cannot tell to change Source rendering in most cases the whole thing useless. The extra mile is more like Maps when you navigate to a store and it will tell you that it will close within an hour you arrive (or will be closed before).
Text selection with zoom. How is this new? Are we in 2013?
Taxes and duty should be included if the base price is higher because of "taxes".
>the 2 year protection is not comparable to a full warranty

Never had that issue.
It really depends on the media you're playing. Most of us are watching media that's so compressed that true blacks don't exist anyway.
https://youtu.be/LEcbagW4O-s?t=358
The Hanzo, the Widows that don't swap when shit ain't hitting.

People that don't adapt their classes

Mercys that don't fly with Pharah/Pharah that doesn't change when Mercy isn't flying

etc. etc.
Who dumps this shit though? I mean a normal citizen in Europe might consume a shit loads but surely the plastic there isn't landing in the ocean? Either gets recycled or burned no?
And the Swiss.
I'd prefer a better dashboard for working. You can't even put documents on the dash without them slipping.
>we **can** turn

>CAN
I don't think it's of high demand/priority. You really need the car to be a daily family car where it's freezing to really need it. Most of us will be driving 1-2 people, and us who live in cold climates are even fewer!

Personally I'd never get it unless I need to get a package it's in.
Still not an ideal solution though. Anyhow, gloves still exist.
Where I live there are plenty of spaces where a car like the Model S barely fits (and all others are taken).
Can someone explain the reasoning for not putting panels in more densely? Not only here, I often see this being the case.
And he should have heard you but nope, he used the wheel :(
I'm myself confused with Ryzen, Ryzen Pro and Ryzen 2nd Gen.

I'm also curious when the laptops with Intel + Vega chips release. As they're at a higher TDP (and therefore performance) if I understand correctly, they'll be better for light gaming. I'm not sure why AMD isn't releasing one high-end APU on laptops.
Bastard made me drool. Can't wait!
Are they allowed to block it? I thought the only thing that was allowed were fast lanes.
http://www.humoar.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/fake-road-runner-tunnel-causes-car-crash.jpg
As someone who really knows all his different types of snow, I don't understand how you can confirm that the guy works his horse to death.

Once you start sliding it's very hard to stop. No matter how "non-exhausted" you are. That's all I'm able to pick up.


relieves* when you miss out the "e" it's almost the opposite meaning.
Haven't the high-tier AiB also had issues? Would you want only Nvidia to sell the GPUs?

How is their distribution to stores and non-US countries? How are their customer service and RMA practices?

Will you see a good variety of products or low with an MSRP that just keeps climbing?
Oh I think I know AMD. They're the ones making those cheap laptops with slow hardware. I think Sally got one and wasn't happy. So yeah, avoid AMD! (/s)
What are you talking about? In Winter the light is never at 3AM. In winter the sun comes up late and goes down early. The physical change is always symmetric and works fine. Shifting by 1 hour is not logical as it majorly screws up one side (morning vs evening)
Yeah I've missed a train due to this. The app didn't take into account DST for its notifications. It made it sound that a 3AM train would leave at the real 4AM instead of the real 3AM. But nope :/
>As someone living in Denmark. I say no thank you, would like to see the sun during summer, thanks.

What? In the northern countries, summer has VERY long days. Meaning that even if you skip DST, the sun will still be there for a long time.

The change in light is symmetric. Comes up earlier, goes away later. So there's no point in changing anything from the **real time**. But yeah, I think my mom prefers keeping DST. She also has her watch ~6minutes ahead. smh
That wouldn't work well for many activities in the winter. People do activities in the morning and early afternoon. Not in the evening.

As for summer DST is useless. Days are longer symmetrically. You have more sun in the morning and afternoon. Imo DST doesn't even make sense. If anything you should gain 1 hour for summer, so turn the dial the other way.

For once I'm with Putin. Get rid of the phony DST and only have the real time. It's as stupid as people putting all their watches 5-10mins ahead.
> The ground crew was doing what he thought was helping by trying to provide that tension on the line

It seems he just jumped high to grab it instead of waiting half a second to get to non-jumping height.

How much weight do you need for it to get released? Couldn't he just have flown high and let the cable pull from the tower?
Yeah but which one got too close? Which one??
Then LLT will only talk about Intel and totally ignore that Nvidia and AMD exist. Just as if it was an ad.

For anyone wanting to reply: sponsored content is not the same as an ad.
You get more screen estate on a smaller area. 
I only read through the article very quickly, almost skimmed. Does he really never talk about flexible screens sometimes only having a very limited amount of times it can bend?

It could be that the screens in the S series can only bend a couple of times which is perfect when you only do it at manufacturing. Even if these screens can flex unlimited amount of times, he doesn't mention it. You need to have a really good source to know this specification.

There's a big difference between that and being able to bend relentlessly for several years.
The windows don't roll down? Oo
Half gerwoman.
Both suck and are a waste of time.
Leaks are useless and a waste of time.
On the AMD side yeah, as the guy has always been biased towards Nvidia. But it seems it goes big story > nvidia. Iirc AMD themselves weren't happy with HardOCP and didn't give them a review card at one point.

They know their stuff though but it's annoying when you read articles that aren't neutral. Also strange that he says this: "This is a big story, but it all goes much further than consumer choice, however it does not matter to me on a personal level beyond that"

It would matter to me on a personal matter as well! I dislike shady practices no matter what the company is.
Could be but I doubt it. They're just quite inefficient.
Longer cables or better positioned chargers so you can double-park them.
If Tesla doesn't do the combo-wombo I won't be happy :(
No, it's because unlike blind fanboys most of us like things to be truthful instead of misleading. Yes the truck will do a meaningful delivery but no, the trucks aren't in operation meaning out of the testing phase. It's just like FH, instead of putting something really meaningless in the cargo they're putting something useful on a useful trip. It's for dogfooding and some free PR. Wise decision.
Third time is the charm to change for the better. 
I don't get it.
I'd say not psychological (even though cars are soooo badly insulated) because it happens quite often that I forget to turn it off after going in a tunnel. Every time I get reminded to turn it off, a long time afterwards, because I start feeling tired.
And I'm real.
What's with the creepy whispering?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlLMlJ2tDkg&t=5s
Reposts and doesn't even do it properly.
Yeah you see lots of Ford and all the rebranded **small** GM cars.
What are you talking about? More people voted for Hillary but Trump won because of the stupid US system where 1 vote does not equal 1 vote.
It's a long article, ok?
Longer version:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWp3thORB_g
Except they forgot to charge their camera :(
I prefer the back over the X in terms of finish. I've never been a fan of chrome. It just reminds me of cheap car tuning to me, just like smoked lights.
> With two electric motors, the all-wheel-drive, 600 horsepower vehicle will go from zero to 100 kilometers per hour in less than 3.5 seconds. For comparison, the P100D Model X reaches about the same mark (zero to 60 miles per hour) in 2.9 seconds.

https://www.engadget.com/2018/03/06/porsche-missione-cross-turismo-unveil/
I've always "dreamed" of a drone on mountain roads to scan the road ahead so that I can overtake other cars even if it's on blind spots.

It's so annoying to have 0 cars for a mile of blind spots and then a convoy during the only place where you can overtake. Or even worse, slow drivers that decide to push the pedal to the metal during those sections (as they're straight lines) so you can't overtake.
Audio? in 2018? OMG!!!!! WE ARE IN THE FUTURE.

fuck gifs, yeah I said it.
I don't know the track whatsoever. Is it normal that it shakes so much?
Aren't you still on warranty? I wouldn't accept a battery defect like that.
I wonder how accurate it is. I tested it on a brand new LG G5 SE and it wasn't 100% to start with.
That's terrible :( They really need to get the audio team working harder...or working at all.
Not a bad work around. Just annoying if you do long games as you'll forget. The audio desync gets worse with time on the same video file (talking 30min games).

I have 8GB VRAM and 32GB RAM. Dedicated HDD for caching and dedicated HDD for saving. I even tried to do it on the SSD. Same issue :(

I played a lot with the frequency settings but it's all the same.

Fixing the sync is a pain in the ass if it's every other file though. I just went to OBS instead.
They can still show that the article got lots of views and so they'll write more of the same bs.
Really? (I never checked the forum). After they added the mini-Pharah ult I thought she became amazing.
I'm confused. Aren't games such as CS:GO also casinoware with its lootboxes?
Steam was forced down our throat. No one wanted it. We had CS 1.5 and then 1.6 without any problems and lots of control. Then Valve forced Steam to even launch our CS 1.6. It crashed, sometimes didn't load, hid the console and all the loading info. We hated it. And the friends feature was there since (almost?) the start and took years to work.

I still miss the server messages and ASCII art when loading into a CS game.

I also dislike how the CS:GO name is now your Steam name. It used to be part of the game to change name constantly, or add "@ mp3" if you're playing music.
More reliable? Scatter is pretty damn reliable which is the annoying part. 100% of your health taken away with Hanzo barely aiming and you having no chance to escape/prepare.
Do you mean properly corrupted? The issues I've always had with ReLive is audio sync issues. It basically renders the recordings useless :( I don't get why it's not a higher priority at AMD.
What's wrong with Red Bull?
But it says Schladming? Can someone explain?
One of the words for friend in French is "copain" which originates from the person with whom you share bread with. We should add also add the word "cobiscuit" or "cocookie" in English. 
Well you sort of came off the wall (Vans ^tm) to do it.
Wtf awkward. This feels like a 14 year old taking a pic. "U haters don't know me, what you said at the grocery store is so far from the truth. Look at my swag". ^^^but ^^^please ^^^like ^^^me ^^^ok?
ELIA5 why they can't do power bricks like cell phones for laptops. The ones that turn on/off very quickly to get the right voltage/amps instead of having a proper transformer.
Things are much better than before but the battery will still degrade. For example a Galaxy S7 battery will degrade to about 80% on a normal year's usage. Samsung had some new manufacturing for the S8 battery that will retain 95%. But don't forget that's cutting edge battery unlike what you'll find on your normal laptop.
Yeah cars are so badly insulated. Obviously there's no reason for them to do it but after having owned a camping car you realize how bad normal cars are.
The alps. They live off tourism. I doubt you'll see any scams.
Yeah just ask a stranger in the alps. Although it does happen that they fall/roll down to their deaths.
Depends on the country.
What?
Yeah it was a quite underwhelming.
I was expecting soccer and saw rugby.
Dude, this is DellEMC, not Dell. It's not laptops. It's servers + software. They need to maintain a robust line-up. Intel has an enormous line-up of chips for servers and AMD is still pretty restrictive. Good products but not many. They'll offer this but it's not going to make DellEMC go out of its way to create products AMD products left and right. Being 1st gen doesn't help either!
A lot of good thoughts but the guy doesn't even read that it's DellEMC, not Dell. It's servers with software as a service, not for consumers.
DellEMC is not for consumers.
Some nice white powdery lines to the face.
In other words Source -> GoldSrc -> Titanfall 2 is just a Quake 1 mod.
As much as I dislike the way things are going, don't be a drama queen.

It's not the same as blocking services. This is similar to having free calls within the same provider. It's obviously not good for competing services but overall it won't change much. In the long term, caps will be a thing of the past just like we today have the abundance of free calls/text.

Zero rating exists in Europe and things are going just fine.
S7E owner since release here. Considering the price trend I won't be looking at this phone. **Maybe** some 4-5 months down the line when it's discounted by a few $100s.
I love the concept but the reality is that we have other devices that work much better. If you travel a lot then the phone won't be the only thing you have. Ultrabooks are great and even cheap 2-in-1 will go a much longer way.
I like it. It's good all-round. It's impossible to know if it's the best phone for *you* but you can't go wrong with it!
Lag? Is your phone almost full? That will cause shit to lag. Otherwise no sure how you've managed that. Reformat and start from scratch like we sometimes do on PCs.
I have no issues with the S7 Edge but each to their own.

The "Edge" amazing and a must-have? Nope. It's just a fun feature. I have no issues with typing. I'm using SwiftKey that adapts to the screen, even using a wide keyboard for Scandinavian letters.

S7 vs S7E (imo) should more be about which size you prefer to have.
You have to reimagine in your head because visually there's barely anything new.
Alright drama queen, I think *no one* will disagree with you so you don't need to repeat yourself. But it doesn't change the sad fact that in some regards the most advance car is backwards to many old ones.
Excuse my ignorance but wasn't the plan for it to orbit Mars or what path will it take past those 1.5years in the video?
How does it drive like that? I understand braking and going forward. But those turns...how is that done?
Pretty sure that you should understand that he means a non-pleasant noise, as oppose to some other instruments where a single tap makes an overall pretty sound. 
You aren't going to the Olympics. The least she could have done is train out of respect for everyone and herself.
Saying he checked is leg is far stretch tbh.
Guys who work in marketing are sometimes similar to sleazy salesmen. Will lie/stretch to the truth without a second thought.
For those that don't see: Mercy resurrects Reaper at the very beginning of the clip. Reaper gets a 4k.
We as consumers must like EA for this. What about a comic where the Reddit alien hugs EA really hard?
Turn auto-update off? Through "non-official" means?
So that includes gasoline lawnmowers? Afaik insane polluters for what they do.
Shooting is worse than PUBG (how they managed that I don't even know) and the looting system is also bad imo. Rest? Sure, the building creates another level.
>I would buy that. 

Don't give them ideas.
two*
Why would you want to delete this submission? Like really explain from A to Z.
Well it seems he ignored the part of the other apps not registering, so it's fine to point it again. After all it was the covering of mics does "NOTHING".
Well being a big part of the culture in a large part of its country would mean:

* kids being more inclined to like it (especially if there aren't that many other winter sports in the area)
* more money being pushed towards clubs and training
* more coverage on the national media

A lot of her talk might be bs but the overall thought is there.
How will you buy off steam?

Will you be ready to pay more for your games? No more free maps on Overwatch etc....actually wait, that's just DLC/expansion packs. They'll need to make Overwatch 2 to release new maps?

Actually do explain how it would work. I really don't mind cosmetic lootboxes.
I actually find many are just too stupid, not fun stupid, just stupid.
-[BFR is a]bout 3 [times more powerful than Falcon Heavy].

-Way more powerful, actually...Falcon Heavy is about 5....BFR is supposed to be around 12.

Can you explain how the statement makes sense? It's between 2-3 x more powerful, yet, supposed to be way more powerful than 3?
I think that's what happens when you slow down.
Could be. That metal was very bland >_< I really dislike when all instruments are so mashed up together instead of having clean sound. It's like listening at very low bitrate.
Could have failed. I'm also surprised at how he doesn't turn instead.
How?! I thought it was physically impossible.

I'm sorry for all my Bluetooth and USB-C loving friends who will still be able to use their devices for having a hole in their device.
I like the no yielding part considering he was speeding. Speeding screws up any type of yielding or expectations from other drivers.
Roads often have security cameras, especially on key parts. Perhaps this area is known to have low visibility.
+I'll drive close to the guy in front me
And especially if the visibility is shit.
Because it's fine for "driving" (but unfortunately not so much for stopping). Usually another thing they do is drive way too close to the car in front of them.
TIL you cannot set different internal and external goals.
You've never had Reaper walk towards you and you've gone "shit he's going to blossom and there's no escape, my ability is on cooldown, fuck"? 
I totally disagree with keeping DST. Heck I'd rather have the opposite of DST in summer.

The thing is the days become longer/shorter on both ends. It's not just the evenings but also mornings.

But let's talk about evenings. In summer the evenings last longer. So why get there even sooner by losing one hour? It's light for way too long because of DST.

Winter is the real time. Let's just use the real time instead of nonsense time. Putin was right. 
The headache of having to license David Bowie all over the World from all the different rights holders >_<
I'm annoyed at their entire show. Such amazing production and then they have to script shit. It would be so much more entertaining if it wasn't scripted. You can have action and drama without fakeness.
Genuine....Grand Tour? Nah. It's as made up as can be. I'd also doubt that his first go at the model X's acceleration was at the "production" run against the Audi.
Which wouldn't change a thing if they introduced SR then.
All we know is that he's called the Stig.
I'd prefer the 580 if there were freesync, otherwise I'll agree on the 1060.

1070 or 1080 would be awesome :D except the wallet I guess.
Laptop BIOS are usually very limited.
Think of it as a human body. It doesn't like cold. It doesn't like heat. It doesn't like "eating" itself full. It doesn't like starving. It doesn't like eating really quickly. It doesn't like using a lot of energy at once, especially for longer periods of time.

Even the S7 battery will degrade pretty significantly. The S8 battery has had huge progress on degradation. I think in the coming years we'll see less negative impacts on bad charging/battery usage habits.
Support for brands is very regional except maybe for Apple.
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/4b/0c/a5/4b0ca57ff7988e7e6cf139bcbbc513e6.jpg
No music! I checked through the entire stream. They lied!!
That laptop is an exception with a desktop CPU.
Why? Bugs? Because it doesn't have a AAA backing? Because it was in early access and still sold millions?

I don't understand your logic. It's a game that has sold A LOT whilst having a tiny budget, being fun and keep going stronger. It's not like no-man's sky where people bought the hype and then barely played. 

http://store.steampowered.com/stats/

I'd say it's almost the definition of what GOTY should be. Not the next EA game that's just ever so slightly different from another IP, that's sort of fun to play but not enough to get a second play-through or keeping people away from other games.
Yeah, it's much better to buy a finished game that's no fun to play and that your friends don't have.
No one. He said you may hate it.
Totally depends on the cooling. Cards are beasts. Lots of people run folding@home 24/7* with a 100% work load and they have no issues even after several years.

*aside from when they're gaming but the card would also be working hard then
And therefore it also warns that there's no toilet paper
Like 99.9% of times. Fuck gifs. Yeah, I said it.
Are the audio sync issues gone? I had to let go of Relive because of it, no matter what settings I had.
What do you mean? It's being sold under another badge, the Opel Ampera-E.

edit: I just checked their prices here in Switzerland. They increased by $6k! From 47k to 53k O_o
I'm not sure that it's incorrect. Current autopilot is definitely something people love to use.

The hardware can be enough for self-driving. I'm not someone who has the ability to know if it's in/correct. One thing that's for sure is that the software isn't ready for full self-driving but that's not what the statement is about.

FSD is many years away but current autopilot is definitely a selling feature. I don't agree with many of his other points. I find the Model 3 to have many flaws or negatives. For example, as much as I like the large screen, I also like buttons. I don't think they should be mutually exclusive. Looking to the right every time you want to check your speed must be annoying. Android Auto/Apple Carplay that's not on a futuristic 2018 car? BS.
Sometimes the ball is filled with helium and very slowly falls down. Sometimes it's filled with lead.

Other times your own goal is made out of magnets and will attract the ball no matter how the ball is hit by the enemy team...or you.
Disappointing that he doesn't put UTC as well. More or less everyone know their time in relation to UTC. Florida? Not so much.

18:30 UTC.
Prince wasn't right in his mind anyway. He made good music and that's the only part of his that I'll listen.
Myeah...all blondes look the same?
Ironic.
Can someone explain why he doesn't have to hit the ground with the ball? 
He got the stones out just because it's a habit from his previous encounters though. It's definitely impressive but a tad less than the video tries to make it seem.
And not too small either imo as then you just rotate really fast and don't really learn/feel it.
Just going to add a thing about the mental part on how it works **for me** on 360s. The first half of the 360 is where I'm the most scared 0 -> 180. It's basically the phase where you go more and more "blind".

Once I pass the 180 I feel much better because with every angle you get a better and better forwards view. So don't lock up once you reach 180! You've done the hard part **mentally**, keep turning like you've done for the first half and things will feel more relaxed on the second half.

Technically, one thing that helped me was a bit wider on the skis. But I'm not a freestyler. I'm alpine/freeride. I'm just talking on how I learned it.
"Administrative Court in Stockholm"

Is that the highest court for this or can it be appealed?
Even cooler if he showed (and the game worked that way) that he is unable to crouch through it without making a hole for the head.
There's always the scenario where they find the problem, try to fix it in their manufacturing but the damage that's already done gets fixed in the centers.
QC stands for Quick Count anyway, right?
Already has a lot of Gs
So when Ryzen was released we shouldn't have talked about sales because it's a new chip?
Lower res screen is OK if you're wanting to game. Most games are still lacking resolution scaling.
It will cross with some howling.
40GB? He said 16GB. System will use a lot itself, then apps another big chunk and you'll already start being quite low.
Games take a shitloads of space. Many people have multiple games.
So basically the same as a $1000 phone?
I've just changed the setting that it puts to sleep the monitor. So just press it once again and the monitor goes back on.

You can also disable it completely.
Also listening to audio so she switches instantly when she hears something close. As she has really high sensitivity and knows where the player is with the audio she can straight away rotate to that position.

It's similar to flickshooting.
I've always had really high sensitivity in the original CS and now CS:GO. The reasoning is coming from Quake 3 where you need to rocket jump. As others say you move the wrist and not the entire arm.
>Going up a hill slower doesn't reduce usage because it has anything to do with the hill. It has the same effect as going slower on flat ground.

Incorrect, you're fighting against wind resistance and more gravity. At those speeds wind resistance is massive. If you add more gravity to it it's not going to be a linear loss.

Remove wind resistance and I will agree. Meaning that if we're talking about 30 or 35mph you won't barely see any difference on an incline.
He brings proof after you say it makes no sense and you ignore the facts. You should be a politician.

Also, what he is saying is totally logical.
Don't need a scientific paper as proof. The fact that there's more force against it and there's friction, it will be worse.
No, the point he's actually saying is that slow people are in the left lane where they shouldn't be.

There's a very good reason for slowing down on an ascent and that's efficiency. Efficiency drops dramatically as speed goes up. It's not linear. 60mph compared to 80mph makes a huge difference. If you add inclines it's even worse. To complicate things, it also depends a bit on the car's gearing. You have RPMs that are more efficient than others.
That's the reason for the FPS fluctuation but he is talking about the system doing step-wise 30->60fps as if V-sync was on. You never see any FPS in between 30 and 60, or above 60. V-Sync is turned off in the Game Settings. Maybe there's a global Radeon setting that is forcing V-sync on?
For a non-gaming chip on a slim device it's good performance. Although I still think it's better to go with Intel + Vega if you're going to game on the device for a number of years.

It's best to avoid hardware where you *start off* at minimum threshold.

The external 720p monitor is a not a bad idea. If you want higher FPS just get an old/lower resolution monitor that you just plug in. 
And it helps everyone. If all the motorcycles had to take the same spot as a car then the queues will be much longer.
I think "stylishnoob" did it best with the "bow". Not sure if there's a proper name for it.
As someone who lives in Switzerland, I've yet to have seen a check been used in real life ever. (as oppose to in movies)
Multiplayer games used to be like that. Quake, CS, MOHAA etc. and they've done just fine.
Overwatch exceeded its sales estimates by a lot. It has microtransactions.
I'm not sure I fully agree with a smaller price tag meaning worse build quality, especially when we talk to a much smaller car. The build quality on the not so expensive Volvo V40 is awesome.

As for the interior functionality, all being on the touchscreen is obviously a miss for many. I wish we had a mix of touchscreen and buttons so we could all have what we prefer. I bet my parents won't get used to it for a long time and will swear at it for just as long. All whilst loving the rest. Cars are like smartphones or talent trees in games. You cannot tick everything. You only have a certain amount of points to spend.
Flamethrower is fine. Say something is coming when it's not is not.

Even if your engineers say "maybe 1 week" don't say in 1 week. The best is not saying anything. Or saying soon, or at LEAST say 2-3 weeks.

If it really ends up being 1 week then you get credit for releasing stuff early. Instead, now they're known for releasing stuff late.


Go to a place where you can wash your cars with the spray manually. It won't take you long at all.

Plus if it's cold you'll most likely not get any spots from the drying water. At worst you get one of those clothes that removes water without leaving any mark.
And welcome the rust for the car's X^th birthday.
Apparently you also need to close all windows.
Any idea what the true cost is per unit?
It makes me wonder, why does the Tesla have such a large center compartment? As the motors are where the wheels are they can make the interior flush with the floor. Wouldn't it have been more impressive to have 6 seats? Just like the back one, have the smaller one in the middle and still have comfortable left/right.
Cracks happen in sudden changes of temperature. This won't crack anything.
Definitely intended and expected.
Long stretches of freeways.
I also would like to thank the guy for putting UTC. Most people know their time related to UTC.
And he straight off copied PurePwnage.
For the people who don't read the article:

>Starting in 2019, the bill would ban the sale of electronics that are designed “in such a way as to prevent reasonable diagnostic or repair functions by an independent repair provider. Preventing reasonable diagnostic or repair functions includes permanently affixing a battery in a manner that makes it difficult or impossible to remove.” 
They're not mutually exclusive.
I smell a mod that doesn't like PUBG. If anything is politics is it's the original comment but that comment is critical against PUBG so let that slide.

Also how isn't this post rule 1? It's not a statistical review of the latest patch but simply one guy having an issue on one PC.
You mean bash on a game that a lot of people like?
Not really. Have you still not heard that gameplay and fun comes before everything else?

Fornite isn't buggy and runs well but it's not fun for me.
Cold weather doesn't seem to be Tesla's strongsuit. +1 for your app idea.
That seems very excessive and wasteful for just opening your door. You don't have to do this in other cars.
> But really, many people have skipped them without problem.

Of course. They're new cars. You can do it with petrol ones as well. The issue comes later and that's why the car is worth less when you don't service it.

Late servicing is OK but I'd never recommend skipping it all together.
Something isn't right if you think Norwegian is gibberish.

For those that don't know, Norwegians are a bit of the middle-ground. They understand the Danish OK and the Swedish really well. The Swedish don't understand the Danish because the Danish don't articulate well. The Danish understand the Swedes better. But then again it depends on the Swedish dialect. Usually the Danish understand the Norwegians. The Swedes understand the Norwegians.

The overall languages are really similar but with different accents. Words are sometimes different.

Reading Danish <-> Norwegian <-> Swedish is really easy as you don't have to fiddle with trying to decode accents.
goodelly*
Yeah I think I'd be more interested in the higher performing Intel + Vega if the price is right.

The performance here is nice but I wouldn't mind having *great* performance so that I can keep the laptop for longer.
I think everyone is in awe at the test firing. But you have to admit that saying 1 week is strange. We would still be impressed if you double or tripled the time-frame.

At least I'd prefer putting a time-frame where people would be giddy and if you get it done in 1 week instead of 3 well then great news! Everyone gets even more happy.
I would have no problem in putting people with totaled model 3 at the front of the line, especially if it wasn't their fault. It will barely make any difference to me and it will make the other person's year.

Just imagine getting t-boned in your model 3 and then you have to wait a year to get it replaced :(
You could be right! I never knew about her.
Even worse at 60fps. The bitrate is wayyyy too low for that.
Link?
Good production but the script is crap. 
And many cars still have juice in their battery to start the car when it should be 0(?).
Stores raise the price, not AMD/Nvidia.
Shovel manufacturing in the 19th century easy?
That's really nice looking.
For Gymnastics it's that it's not something new. In the clip you can also see that it's the coach and not the team doctor, so it's more like Olga Korbut.
Google is also greedy. That's why you don't have a Youtube VR app on Oculus/Samsung GearVR.

Google is also the one that forced Samsung to drop it's totally new tablet UI or else they'd pull Play Store.

Google did the same with Windows Phone which already was a dying platform.

They're both just as greedy and anti-consumerist. Fuck them and their old farts that are in charge. You'd think Google would understand the benefits of having their services everywhere. Microsoft is learning and Google unlearning.
We need to double his karma:

https://www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/7neqp0/2017503_xxxx_is_out_with_auto_wipers/ds1ynxm/?context=3
"it is what it is" is a great counter-argument.

"someone" yeah only very few companies which already have help with the minimum pricing set on imports.
Uhhh you're talking about Animé. Surely you should realize that's not the same thing.

Either way one point that I can make for both is that it's horrible to see mismatches in the mouth movement and the sounds you hear, even if they're minor. I know that when they put time into it they might even change the sentence to get a word where the mouth movement is similar.

99.999999% of the time the original is better. Also one reason why Scandinavians are fast readers and know English well is due to TV series and movies. It's too expensive for either countries to dub in their own language due to their sub-10m population. Except for kid's stuff it's all in English and sub-titled in the national language.
I live in the french part of Switzerland. I used to watch dubbed movies/TV series but I simply can't anymore. It's so wrong to hear an actor you know speak in a different language and the wrong "accent". Also the mouth movement is obviously never perfect and many things get lost in translation.

Fortunately, like you say, theaters have several showing including the original versions.

Scandinavian countries are too small to do dubbing economically. Except for kid's movies, it's never dubbed but you do have subtitles (sometimes in both English and Swedish/Norwegian/Danish)
I think that's what he's trying to point out.
I can't say I've studied this or know the true answer but don't forget that back when DDR3 was king on PC, smartphones had maybe 256MB of RAM whilst the PC was rocking 4-8GB.
Yeah it was the same with the previous gen.

DDR2 got dirt cheap when DDR3 was released with a really high price tag. Over time DDR2 got really expensive and DDR3 dirt cheap.
Last Christmas I got a 4TB portable (2.5" size) HDD on sale for $99 with taxes. Sure it's an extreme sale but so would the 2TB $80 be. That's a historical low at that time.

Sure the trend got stopped by the flood but we can't complain about prices today. I mean with the slower price decreases on HDD, and what you could read about SSDs on Reddit a couple of years ago, you would expect SSDs to be cheaper than HDD today.
It's not so bad actually. There's so much cushioning from the snow and absorbing with the legs. Although I wonder if his back or neck got a bit sore. There's quite the tilt at the end for being a helmet positioned camera.
Bike physics on the new map is horrible. It's wayyy too front heavy. Avoid putting full throttle at all times. It's a habit with the shitty binary keyboard as input.
It doesn't say that they were still alive.
The issue I'm having with either solo/duo potg is you always miss out on one of preparations.

As soon as you changed to Genji he was already there in action. I love to see how people prepare their attack. Same thing if we only saw Genji but not Zarya.
As much as that can be a thing, usually it's that they're on the inside ski a bit too much. The outside ski isn't stable so hits the edges, goes off the edges, hits the edges, goes off and that is practically a 90 degree angle hit which pops off quite easily. Again, "easily" is all relative.
High din would be 15+. You can kick that off at 90 degrees angle. Extremely high would be going near 20. When I say easily it's all relative.
What a cracker.
If the ski gets pushed at the right angle they will come off very easily. Test it yourself by hitting the front part of the boots at a 90 degree angle. You'll see that even at high DIN they'll easily pop out.

This is why even in the World Cup you can sometimes see skis detach even though they're not falling and they're set at extremely high DIN.
Really? It's been discussed that it's dangerous as it can drag you down if you get stuck in an avalanche.

Although from my experience, having the ski go down a bit isn't the big issue. It's if you fall and the ski just digs in the deep snow and you have no idea where it is. You can spend hours and still not find anything.
We call them sharks. Rocks that are under a tiny amount of snow that you can't see.


It was just true bad luck.
or very out of it.
Sometimes you hear sounds so much that you sometimes don't think about it. You basically go into a mental cruise control.
It has the most users and people love the game. So what's the issue? It's beating AAA titles with million in budget before selling the game.

Overwatch has gamebreaking bugs years after release. 
Small dev team that has the most concurrent players beating all others games by at least double? Yeah it should be. Why shouldn't it? Bugs? All games have bugs. Even old polished Overwatch still has bugs. 
Miss and then kill an innocent person.

Could be an electric skateboard.
Could be someone else who wrote it and he delivers.
At least it's a good problem to have.
From the article

>The one caveat is that Tesla’s simplified design also eliminated the ability for the driver to adjust the speed setpoint from the cruise control stalk, opting instead to relocate the controls to the touchscreen.

You can't fix that with software. People can say whatever they want and have whatever options they want on the touchscreen but I'll take a physical knob or button over having to stretch over and press a glass screen with no real feedback.

I don't get why one should eliminate the other. They're not mutually exclusive but Tesla thought so.
Can be both. You can have a latest CPU and run a heavily unoptimized software like crap.
You can just pick up something from the trunk that you left there. Not obliged to remove the snow in that case...unless you have a Model 3.
If you have 3 feet of snow you don't need a scraper. You just need a large brush. That shit will get pushed off so easily. Scrapers are for ice. In any case this whole point is moot. You forgot an item in the trunk and quickly want to get it. In all winter cars you have ZERO issue. In this? Stop being so Tesla apologetic. They make mistakes and they cut corners as well. I mean look at those seats. There's not even a pass-through for long items. It's like a car from the 60s!

Everyone has a scraper in the car. Same thing with my father who grew up in the far north of Sweden. You know, where you always kept a proper thick jacket and boots in the trunk in case you slid off the road and there's rarely anyone on the road to help you.
In Switzerland you easily get 30 degrees in the summer so you go bathing in the lakes. Then in the winter you shred the mountains. Snow is amazing as much as a beach.
It's almost as if California is larger than a couple of cities.
Still. Judging by all the comments most people think he was trying to hook the bomb.
Yah I think we saw the same video.
Great to recommend. Then they'll get a display that breaks early and he can't RMA it. Also is it 120/144? I'm more interested in that than IPS.


1440p is not the sweet spot in price:performance. 1080p will remain king for a while.
Media Volume: 0. Solved

:( much faster than us having to watch the gifs, then go to the comments and search for original content. And we don't steal videos like Facebook.
Great CGI, good concept, shitty script.
Like 99.9999999% of the time. Fuck gifs. Yeah I said it.
That's only when taxi drivers come in the comment section. Uber has its flaws though.
What are the 1080Tis going for roughly? In Europe I can find at $900 (tax included) in stores.
Aren't you afraid you accidentally knock it over with the mouse?
Fake. I can tell because the opponent is complimenting you and you're thanking him.
It's a bit misleading.

The snow on the sides are a combination of what slid off the roof (the building isn't very tall) and the slope next to the benches. Then the pic in winter is taken from the roof of another shed that you can just about see on the summer pic. You see the edge of a wall and the roof.
But it's also Alive...Zombie? DOA DeadOrAlive?
a feature imo
When the platinum rank actually meant something.

(I have plat and used to have gold before the rank changes. I'm shit)
Does anyone have a serious answer to this? I'm also wondering.
How come in a good way? I thought those running were annoyed they had to put band-aids so it doesn't get so that bad it bleeds.
Yeah, maybe to show presentations but for mobile movie projections there are much better solutions.
https://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_beam2-6328.php

854x480 at 30lumen. So this device 3.5 years later doesn't have the biggest upgrade. 720p is OK but 50 lumen is terrible.
No, the ones that allowed the NSA to put in a backdoor on their enterprise routers...no wait, that's Cisco.
~ Roughly 5 degrees F, not -5. Still cold though! That's when you're high up on a ski resort when it's having a colder period.
I really tried to like Skyrim as well but couldn't. I never got the sense of purpose or really cared about what happened. Sometimes I got lost what to do. The atmosphere visually was great though.
No problems here in Switzerland on my last phone that had it (S3). I tried to install this on my S5 and S7 to see if the chip was enabled but NextRadio doesn't seem to be available for them (or my area).
I think he means the gap itself. It's a tad large compare to other parts.

There's a ^tiny misalignment at 1:05 with the backdoor chrome but the rest looks top notch.
Radeon Dark Side.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BasTX-oHGww/?taken-by=tomersisley

He thinks it's funny or tries to play it off like that. He basically writes that it's his new business card stating that his can translate and copy paste.

I don't even get how you can live being a phony.
That's just the Real Virtuality 4(?) engine that's terrible on AMD graphics. PUBG devs have been spending so much time on fixing bugs for 1.0, getting the new map and obviously getting it ready for consoles.

If they didn't have a console launch they would still be able to improve the game for AMD graphics. However, Microsoft helped them if I understand correctly and gave them their know-how to make it more efficient on Radeon.

I really can't blame the PUBG guys. They've held their head above water minus overall even though they've been a small team. People still love the game just as much, if not more, now with the improvements. Usually games that grow too fast too quickly end up dying and not going anywhere.
Wasn't it proven that the dual CCX barely had any penalty?
Incorrectly using a meme ha!
You can't directly compare the nanometer (nm) process between different manufactures. There's no standard way of measuring something and there are also many other differences than just the size. The size is usually the size of the transistors. Like akarypid says Intel has improved on its 14nm process several times. Adding a plus just means it's improved.

I don't have a link for you to read though unfortunately. You need to start with a basic one at first because it's VERY complex if you want to read between the differences between manufactures. This is great video on how CPUs are made if you haven't seen:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qm67wbB5GmI
Also, does this happen to ALL the Athlon 64 X2 machines mentioned? If no, MS might have those tested but didn't get it.
ye/s
Nah, for us it's positively. They seemed quite negative about it.
102 upvotes vs 79.4k. This guy almost got as screwed as the teachers!
The reason for having a stable upper body facing down is that the body works like a rag. If you twist it and then let go it will straighten out. For the body: when you're done with the turn and alleviate/reduce your weight on the skis, the skis & lower body will automatically straighten out to an extent. It's like if you were to rotate your body in normal clothing and then jump, both parts will want to realign.

Another reason is that if you're facing downhill you're in the best position to adapt to any sudden unforeseen movement.

I'd also add: less leaning with the upper body and more angle with the knees and hips. When one leans too much with the entire body, s/he is too much on the inner ski.

Anyhow, OP is definitely not shabby!
Is there a reason why they don't make both of them flush with the seats? I always find that much prettier.
A lot actually. I micro-manage. It could be because I live half up the mountains and half by the time at 300m sea level OR because it's so easy to change in my current car, and maybe its Auto-mode sucks.
That could be the case yeah. I just dislike black and white thinking as it's not analyzing/thinking.

It's like "I saw this video where the block of ice shattered a window on the highway and therefore you need to remove all the snow even if you're just driving for 3 minutes at 30kmph, those that do need to be crucified".
Yeah but no, unless you live in -40C in which case I say good luck with the Tesla. Once it gets wet all fluff just slides off, again a major annoyance but no there's no ice. It doesn't freeze. Try the real World instead of 5th grade physics.
Small sedan market then? The Model 3 is pretty small. It will be interesting to see the average Joe's reaction. I think for many it's not the car they want with no buttons, engine sound, no ability to refuel quickly when you don't own a parking spot etc. I doubt my parents would like that they have to turn their heads to see their speed. I also cannot fathom that they have 60-40 seat arrangement instead of 40-20-40, or AT LEAST have a pass-through. Seats doesn't seem to be Tesla's strong-point. Compare the Model X with this: http://www.carenthusiast.com/volvo/volvo_xc90_2002_05.jpg
Probably.
I thought wireless and 4K/8K was!
You can cache episodes...assuming Tesla future proofed by putting storage.
That's like removing a $9 rain sensor because in the future you'll have perfect AI to trigger the wipers.

Level 4/5 doesn't mean that it's nicer to press several buttons to get to the exact climate settings.

If the Model 3 was totally designed for level 4/5 they'd have rotating seats.

They were just being cheap, that's all. Buttons + touchscreen > touchscreen.

In general I agree with you but that snow is sugary light. It's more an annoyance for the car behind...if he's driving at non-city speeds.
There won't be ice from the snow in the pic but a disrupting cloud of powdery snow.

Also the danger is minimal if you're driving at lower speeds. For example from your chalet up to the ski lift.

But yes, if you're driving faster speeds do clear the snow. Even if its loose snow, that shit is annoying.
Not sure I agree with smart features introducing delays. Picture altering/"improving" features? Sure.
> ATSC 3

Wow, I thought we were finally all in agreement with DVB-T/2. I had no idea the US and a few others stayed with their own thing.

At least the days of Pal-BG, Secam and so on are gone....minus some silly cameras that only do multiples of 25 FPS (software locked) sold in Europe in this internet age.
More like the opposite. Once you remove it and the BBC you're left with some shitty public and privately dominated channels with its owner's agenda.

It also works really nicely in Switzerland. They keep the public very well informed and educated as the people vote four times a year for their federal, state and municipal referendums.

They also put in place awesome systems for events such as the Olympics with multiple channels online, rewind functionality all for free. Meanwhile in other countries where the public sector is underfunded, only those who pay for ultra expensive cable get to watch the Olympics.
Both sides go to ridiculous extremes.
 His arms aren't broken?
Yeah not really an issue in 2018. Even more so when you can find the user manual online. 15 years ago? Sure, it was an issue.
The Play Store <2013 was very different from now.
Parents can sometimes scare the children when they overly try to protect them. If you keep saying that you'll break your neck you'll be so scared of the trick. You'll be all tense and lock up the muscles when trying the trick. This of course leads to only doing half a flip and that's when bad things happen.

Let them know of the danger but if you want to keep saying something over and over again, don't let it be that. Tell them how he should do it, over and over again. Tell them the trick is actually easy and that you just have to go for it. Bring them first to those trampoline centers and so on. You want to funnel them to success, not put physical and mental roadblocks.
And a battery that has lost a significant %.
In a fully representative democracy*

Won't happen in Switzerland. The people have too much power and due to that the politicians truly work for the people. They know that if they don't they're out and whatever they pulled just gets rejected.
And both get the subsidy so what's with up with this shit title and people upvoting?
It's pretty standard to have laws like this.
https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=7++people+per+3+square+meter+in+people+per+square+km

= 2.3m per square km
6 monitors is 2010!

[ATi HD 5870 Eyefinity 6 Edition](https://www.bit-tech.net/reviews/tech/graphics/ati-radeon-hd-5870-eyefinity-6-review/1/)
Yes!

-Switzerland & Norway
True. The impressive feat would be doing it whilst using a lot of gas.
Double karma if you're following a Model 3 whilst testing/filming this.
Ah yes, that we can all search for when you've removed all info and haven't added any links. It's like when you search an issue on Google and the replies you find are "Just Google it" or "It's been answered before". Useless. Downvoted comment, even though OP doesn't sound like he knows what shadowbanning is.
I couldn't understand the first part so if anyone else had the same issue:

-...see if he's back.

-Dare I? You know what? I'm going to. For old time's sake.

edit: Ok on the downvotes. Why if I may ask?
In all seriousness, he probably does need to put the hair back to not have it distract his view. Being a skier he won't have the problem when he's wearing the helmet.

So in a way the hairdo does give him power!
Swiss is a great language.
>I don’t need everything to be perfect down to the sub-millimeter 

Why this snarky comment? When the first thing you notice on a car is a misalignment, then it's not sub-millimeter or even 1 millimeter but several.
Try to do nothing, twice!
$10b is not that much for a country as large as the US. It's definitely low enough to still provide shitty service. The reason it's hard to believe $10b is because it's coming out of Comcast's "mouth".
I hope that's not an argument in saying what Google is doing is fine. They're both disappointing.
They're all shitty companies. Google did this to Microsoft and to extent to Samsung. Samsung/Oculus wanted Youtube for GearVR (and would obviously stand for the development like they did with Netflix) but Google just laughed as they want to push DayDream which is going oh so well just like VR on Youtube, very popular /s. Facebook made Youtube links less desirable on Facebook these past few years. All the same, different names.

I'm surprised they haven't learned from Microsoft that in the end it actually just hurts everyone. Microsoft avoided having Office on devices other than Windows Phone and that led them nowhere.

Google should know that putting their services everywhere is the way to go. Google Maps or Gmail on other platforms than Android has been a great strategy.
No, it's about finding a balance. In the same way that Google isn't charging for Gmail but definitely could. lol lmao rofl.
You pay by watching ads and videos. If you watch either it makes the service more attractive. Same thing for uploading. 
Psyo laugh!
hmm? You can stuns whilst it's pulsing.
Scatter and stationary target. That's definitely the least he can do.

Hanzo and Tracer as the two DPS is laughable. Aside from maybe scatter there's no help for the healers. Both DPS "hide" from the enemy whilst the healers are *way* more likely to get focus targeted.
At best it looks like a Volvo V50 but it isn't one. Money is on Mitsubishi as well.
Not when you're going with a 1070Ti and are waiting for a CPU upgrade. Watercooling is nice but not when you're on a budget.
Wouldn't that be the case for most medium and and highend cars? Servicing is more about the long term than short term.
Depends on the region. In the nordic countries or the alps that's a very safe day until you get late at night where the slush freezes.
It's the same when for traffic lights when they got switched to LEDs. Not a good result!
Go to the mountains, freeze the door handle and see how you can open it.
Was there any BS? The high % they mentioned was for the whole package incl. the covers and the tyre size difference. Not 'only' the covers.
That's a lot of testing and difficult one as well. Don't they usually have 2 identical cars and swap drivers? The issue being things like the wind screwing data up.
It's usually 2 wrongs that create an accident/incident. If it's just 1 then usually the surroundings adapt and cancel out the initial error. Whether it's a situation like this or a car not driving straight.
Even better is that you can daisy chain VPNs.
Sounds like cs_assault alright.
Nah, it wouldn't be a repost.
You can also point out that there are no state riots either. That would be the same size as the UK.
Turtle still wins.
Lets discuss an announcement for an announcement.
Samsung had a new UI in the works for tablets a few years ago but Google forced them to stop development or else no Google Play. I really wonder how that looked like.

One thing I dislike with tablets is that it's still too slow to switch apps. We can have a nice black bar. Why not have a one-press switch to another app like a normal desktop? At least as an option.
Know your spiderbros.
Desperate, pervert and a creep!
S/He will have to try to get over him so we can't say he's a decent guy. S/He's probably thinking "if he's nice when he turns you down imagine how nice he would be as a boyfriend!! ç_ç"
You downvote before the double upvote.
I obviously don't know your situation but don't forget that we don't game 24/7. The rest of the time the GPU is idling (unless you're running multiple displays iirc) at low wattage or the PC is off.
Not sure how people didn't get that. I mean does he think he listed a bunch of positives together with "registering to use geforce experience"?

Fanboys I tell ya...blind as a bat.
Low end PC with a GTX1080Ti.

It's an 11+min long video and only tests 1 card :/ At least put one mid-range card so that we can see how different the CPU perform there.
More stress, more PSU fans noise and moving away from the optimal power efficiency.
Not everyone lives in a bubble-wrapped life with plugs at reach at any given time.
For money in Switzerland you use apostrophes for 1000s and periods for decimal. I think it looks pretty:

$123'456'789.00
The car cannot take 15 tonnes. At 1 tonne you would see some serious low riding. Add only a couple of more and you permanently damage the vehicle.

I think she got the decimal place wrong. 1.5 tonne maybe which isn't that great considering you split between 4 wheels.
Battlefield has always been about finding a good balance with fun and realism. It's the same reason why they don't do a full animation to get in/out of a vehicle as it's too slow. They want to continue to allow the instant entering/exiting for those fun tricks. 
high as a flying dutchman*
When you repost you should state that it's not your own.
Since it died it's Freezedead.
I like the Disney movie Freezen.
And that's what makes you beautiful.
*Seen 10:46*
Yeah this is actually 5+ days old. I'm surprised it's gaining so much traction now.
And I had to ditch Relive for OBS due to almost constant sound sync issues. Shadowplay on my laptop? Never. I hate having to log-in though.
[Damn Redditors!!! They ruuhhiined Reddit](https://youtu.be/i2q0T7QXETs?t=8)
Would be interesting to see how they were mounted as that can definitely have an affect on the results. Also, as another guy pointed out, the iPhone starts a different time. You cannot see it leave the station. The other footages also shake at different times.

The guy doing this test could be really biased. Actually has to be since they're recording different tracks.

A waste of my time...why am I even writing this comment wasting even mo
What the heck is wrong with the guy for doing this?

Bring forwards a non-freaking biased test instead of wasting our time.
His board can maybe even take a cheap second-hand Piledriver with a BIOS update.
He's actually a good snowboarder as well:

https://youtu.be/7tACtGB7E7U?t=36
Slow balls are the hardest.
They wear left behind.
No. Moving out is king.
Cheap tuning ruined it for me. Just like dark/smoked rear lights with a lot of grey/transparent (that Tesla also has ç_ç). That's the cheap tuning you saw her in Europe at least. I prefer bright colours in the back.

http://st.motortrend.com/uploads/sites/5/2015/12/2017-Volvo-S90-rear-view-around-curve.jpg

vs

http://st.motortrend.com/uploads/sites/10/2015/11/2013-tesla-model-s-sedan-rear-view.png

https://i.pinimg.com/736x/f8/53/7b/f8537b1a6ab75c5d835a2480e958201d--golf-vr-volkswagen-golf.jpg

http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-Z8nox7pIJS0/T8jVqsENV5I/AAAAAAAAAHc/SnqHyH322_Q/s1600/GOLF2-G600+(3).jpg
Actually in the past few years, the good seasons were 2012/13, 2013/14 and now 2017/18.

The years in between have been pretty bad.
Model S customers and Model 3 are different with obviously some overlap.

We don't know the price. If it's going to be the same $5k then you're looking at over 14% increase in base price compared to 7% on the Model S.

Going from 35 to 40% is nothing to sneeze at compared to clicking on an online poll. We'd be exactly the same seat: live up the mountain in Europe, but if it's $5k we probably won't get it. Even more so when a price in the US is usually a good 1.2-3x more in Europe.

2WD just works fine with good tyres. In facts it's better to have that than 4WD with shitty tyres.
Yet they charge the same amount for the forced upgrade? Seems like a negative to the consumer or am I missing something?
It's [H]. What do you expect. I think it's **the** site that has been the most blatant anti-AMD by a mile and since forever.

It's something I don't get. If you like hardware, why be biased? I love AMD but I'm not against Nvidia or Intel. In fact, my laptop is rocking both of those.
Hmm? Video editing is mainly CPU. You want a 1700 for 2 extra cores. Gaming only is 1600.
Love your name :D the account that I play with my friends is called PlsNoHanzo!
What would you have her do? There was absolutely no time for anything.

Also have you never been surprised to see an enemy who flanked that you don't know what to do?
People would love to show, so simply ask or just watch others. It is probably best to avoid improvising so you don't hurt yourself.
It could look better without one in the back but it doesn't mean that you can remove that.
Having gone through 2 to 5 to 9 to 20 to 60 and finally 100 I will say that once you get to 20 it's fine for families. You can even game when the family streams. After 20 it's all bonus for downloads. Obviously uploading is a different matter.

Anyhow going from 5 to 9 was also sweet so I hope people get at least 10 instead of being stuck on <5
I would have guessed so. I would assume having road bike tyres would suck.
A small studio that makes a game that's not even 1.0 and dwarfs everything else in users playing EVEN when it's not optimized? Yeah, definitely shouldn't be a contender for GOTY ... 
He also says "What the fuck is he talking about". OP seems to have compressed the two in one.
Upvoted comment because he mentioned Tesla and Jesus in the same sentence.
Athlon 64, Athlon 64 X2, Phenom II, Bulldozer, Piledriver. I skipped Phenom I.

I used a total of 2 motherboards for all those CPUs I could even wait buying DDR3 when it launched and was super expensive. It's economical going red!

Oh and I haven't changed case either since my first Intel P4. Now my 1700 is in it.

[Thermaltake Xaser III](http://www.3dvelocity.com/reviews/xaser3/images/fullshot.jpg)
I would have loved to see an improved Phenom II X6 on the 32nm process.
The user just has to check their motherboard website. It's not rare to find boards that work with the FX series with a simple BIOS upgrade.

Incorrect about Bulldozer only. They may only state Bulldozer on their websites but they work with Piledriver. It's pretty much the same chip. My midrange AM3 ASUS mobo still rocks my 8350.
It's definitely more than a 5-15% increase. Those benchmarks are crap to use. I've gone from a Phenom II X3 720 (X4 unlock) to a FX-8350 to a 1700.

The jump to a 8350 is significant. If you can get one second hand at a nice price then it's definitely worth it.

It's a decent upgrade for gaming as many will use more than 4 cores and for any type of video editing obviously.

A quick benchmark comparison I found: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6D8Bn56D0V0
Definitely could but it would cost him a new CPU, mobo and RAM compared to already having everything.
> Always focused on improving their products, even if their competitors were behind them;

Hmmm, not dramatically. It's minor upgrades with a high price tag to get those juicy profit margins over and over again. Just like Intel did with the CPUs.
*The three words I would describe you as is aggressive, hostile and definitely difficult.*
That's sad :(

Also this a year prior:

http://abcnews.go.com/GMA/video/lisa-robin-kelly-70s-show-star-explains-domestic-16077412
hit**box**, not letters. There's a perfect and invisible box with 100% hitrate.
Like 99.9999999% of cases. Fuck gifs. Yes I said it!
**T H E**   ^^^^^``  R A P Y B O Y E pls
I think 2018 has 4 seasons.
And has lots of useful features.
Yeah but you don't want to have games/apps on them, it would make loading a lot slower. I have all media on the microSD slot.

The S7 has a microSD slot. However if you are running a dual-SIM, the second SIM will take the same slot IIRC. Most phones do this. Very few actually have "3" slots like the Samsung J5 (2016).
I'm also surprised at the guy having a kid when he was 54. That would have made him 72 when she's 18. 
Yeah, they're the most vocal and aren't playing the games or are making shitposts. N'est-ce pas OP?
Would explain the weird aspect ratio as well. Someone rotated ever so slightly and cropped the video.

I don't get why they would try to deceive. It's impressive enough in its real angle. Now it just makes it look like the creator of this is a phony.
Thanks, but it was time for a new one anyway. Besides, he likes it- gives him traction on the wood floors!


In my view, the only true democratic country is Switzerland. The people can change any law they want and they vote 3-4 times a year. No other country has this.

This ruling would be overturned by the people. Things like the patriot act would also never have seen the light of day.
In Switzerland it could have been stopped/reversed by the people. The people can themselves initiate a binding referendum. Binding = the vote is what goes, it's not a 'suggestion' for politicians to ignore.

This system exists at local, "state", federal and constitutional level. I don't see how it couldn't scale further to a larger country. I find it strange how Switzerland is the *only* country when the people have so much power.

Due to this power, politicians don't fuck around either as they'll never get reelected and their shenanigans would simply be overturned by the people. Imo it's the only truly democratic country with a great balance between representative and direct democracy.
Meh, it wasn't that bad. It's not like he was drifting, full throttle with a super-car in a corner or driving 3 times the speed limit.
We used to have these types of things. They were called demos. This is just wrapped a bit more nicely and hid the word demo.
No? I quickly scrolled from top to bottom and didn't find much if any comments saying it's the right way to do it. And when you say ITT there should PLENTY of examples.

At most it's just South Park's "Nice" and/or making a joke out of it.

Don't try to invent an other side that doesn't exist just so that you have an excuse to get a point across (i.e. roll reversal).
Even better is when they have a car that can accelerate quickly but not you. So the guy accelerates at the last second and you're out of luck. Sometimes I have to slow down way early on the ramp to give me room because of those fuckers.
There's obviously a premium but it's also that the flash in microSD cards are much slower.
Assuming it's AWD with 2 engines front/back, is there no option to only use the back or only the front?

Again assuming the above, how come the back wheels don't turn here:

https://youtu.be/ie79Jk9Ob2s?t=220

I understand on a normal car with differentials but here with 2 engines, not really.

I will still confirm that the colour of surface matters a lot. I live up the mountain and the tiles that are dark, or become dark when wet, melts the snow A LOT quicker than our light ones.

The difference is actually really significant. So much that if we ever need to redo tiles we'll make sure to pick dark ones. It makes snowclearing so much easier.
I'm in the middle. I like Tesla but can be very critical of it. Some of its choices I don't understand whatsoever. But I find it's hilarious that one side thinks only the other side is dealing in absolutes and extremes. You're all the same just at the other side of the table.

All brands are succeeding in some areas and failing at others.

As much as Tesla isn't using the full potential (that would require everyone in the company to be perfect perfect), I have a hard time seeing that they're not being unique and changing car transportation for the better.

I also like how people aren't humble enough to think that "your" changes can only be for the better whilst "their ideas" are just to be different. It's not black and white. Some ideas are shit. Some aren't. To put it in simple terms I **hate** the interior of the model 3. But I won't conclude until I actually use it.

As for manufacturing it's not going to stay the same as it does today for decades and centuries to come. We have evolutionary and sometimes revolutionary changes. At one point one has to take a step, in the same way that manufactures have to take to step to design electrical vehicles.

A consultant might say "electric?? no, terrible choice", these guys are fools etc. etc.
Another way of saying "don't fix what isn't broken"?
He said nice shot. Many are respectful of others. We're here to have fun after all.
It slowed down a lot. I would love to see the initial speed.
Where in Canada? Because a lot of Canada has a lot less this early in the season.
You think...everyone in Sweden think they have a great accent that's either from England or the US but nope, you always hear that Swenglish.
Depends on the games you play and your current build. Both now and then will be good times to buy. It's an evolutionary upgrade (not revolutionary) and will most likely be more expensive at launch.
^This.

Depends on the games you play. I went from a 8350 to a 1700 and some games are exactly the same and others where the 8350 was struggling it's obviously night and day.

If you don't play really demanding games much then it's probably worth the wait. And vice versa. Also don't forget that RAM is *really* expensive at the moment. I'm not sure if how it's going to be around the time of Zen+ (or a month later if you want to avoid any possible early bird price premium).
Holy shit. 2 years and 19 days until 2020 o_O "2020" had always been used as a farfetched date to make a joke or a point.
Maybe you somehow don't have it. Not all phones are made equal.
Look. We all have different lifestyles. For some of us it is deal-breaker.  Mine requires a 3.5mm as I have bought A LOT of good bang for the buck earphones that I keep in my multiple skiing pants, my summer house, my running gear, my car etc. etc. My current car also requires AUX in, I also connect to my Hi-Fi for the gym room with it.

I will not carry around a USB-C to 3.5mm adapter as I'd just lose it rendering ALL my 3.5mm devices useless. Or will you buy me USB-C ones and adapters for my car/hi-fi?

Bluetooth can also fuck off as that would mean all my earphones would be out of battery when I want to use them. Also, great to have yet another device to charge.

This is my lifestyle. There are plenty more totally different that requires a 3.5mm. And you know what? If a device has a 3.5mm device it doesn't stop you from using a USB-C headphones or Bluetooth ones. It's like the microSD slot. Don't need it? Good for you, you can just leave it empty, but shut up saying it's useless.
I'm confused. You basically support abhi8192's point that the Essential phone is not unique.
He also says the media are sometimes hypocrites and doesn't take notice when Rémi does good.
I'd even question the first statement.
I actually wonder if the foam mat really does much. It seems that warning people of the mat that doesn't do much is the worst offender.

Instead of yelling "watchout for the foam" they should ONLY yell "roll normally on the mat, just roll normally".

And also takes time to re-implement features ç_ç
I think that's using time guessing and I must say it's working quite nicely.

Obviously since it's guessing you don't want to rely on it if you have something crucial but it's nice to get reminded when you're day dreaming.
Vandals* 
Yeah I'm not sure what this video is about. It's just normal Mercy and shitty opponents.
It depends if it's a defroster/heater or if it's the camera that's always on wasting battery. After seeing Björn's video, I think it's the latter unfortunately. This would mean it's just inefficient and on 24/7 for no reason.

Another reason for *thinking* it's just the camera being on is the tiny quantity of snow melted. That's tiny. Any electronic that's on can do that. If they have defroster for -30C that would melt a lot more snow and waste a lot more energy.

The absolute best would be to have heaters and only being on when you drive instead of having that vampire battery drain. Even better, the camera can check itself if it's seeing snow, or not, to engage the heater when driving.
I remember the shitty Valve/Steam game
Vilken skit och clickbait tittel. Fattas bara "you wont believe what he does next!!!!"
Nah, lets just steal the content à la Facebook and put it in a gif, not crediting or help the content creator.
If correct, the exact quote from EA is "data suggests not many people play the single player campaign" in shooters. I cannot find any other information.

You changed that EA says *nobody cares* about singleplayer anymore. I'm sorry but you're the bad guy here.

EA is stating a fact and you're spreading false information on purpose. It's the same when this subreddit changes EAs claim that people don't like linear games as much as they used to 10 years ago, to that *nobody* likes linear.

EA is bad enough that we don't need to invent shit. It discredits you.

**edit:** bring on the downvotes circlejerkers with no moral or true principles. You know you've upset people in the right way when they downvote you and then don't have anything to reply with.
It's Sweded for sure.
Until we get a name, I would say Ryzen 2 is fine. Don't think people will bother saying Ryzen 2nd Gen each time.
With very little stock so people will nicely get it in Q3...for a high price. Gotta wait for Q4 for normal pricing. Then I'll get it Q1 2019 for when the initial price lowers a bit.
Utmost respect to her.
ITT: me.
I feel you.
They ruin the original. It's hearing a joke from mono to stereo. Sure stereo is much nicer but you've already heard it :/

Also the source is often quite a bit down in the comments, including this one.
We could have the gif in the comments and original in the link. I waste so much time going through comments for source and then watching the video again with sound.
Was it there for best ongoing? Then I agree it shouldn't be there.

If it was for GOTY:

then it should. You can call a game 0.1 or 1.0, it's all down to the developer. You can buy the game so it is out.

Heck you could have said that OW wasn't 1.0 either when it was "released" because it was buggy and was lacking a lot of the content it had today.

3m peak players is not laughing to look down upon, EA or not.
When a low-budget movie manages to become the most popular movie of the year, and keep selling tickets all year-around whilst most just stay for a few weeks...then yes. Give that movie the movie of the year award.

Obviously it has what most people want.
It's actually alright but Blizzard is not very good with balancing PvP. In early WoW days they would blame it on that they need to take PvE into account. Then they did manage to make abilities be different in PvE and PvP, still shit balancing.

They never listened to pro players even when they wrote a full analysis.

All they did in WoW was increase/decrease something by a huge % instead of tweaking. And then changing abilities to make rock paper scissors mushroom even more extreme and apparent.

Same thing in OW. They always drastically change an ability instead of fine-tuning. They work like a pendulum. Not enough? Lets try too much!

Also, they've been slacking with any audience viewing capability. Kind of insane how old ass CS 1.x had a better system than most games incl. this one.
Rolling down car windows with buttons!
Aluminum foil hat as well?
Woosh?
Imo they've remained the same size for a while. It just depends if you're buying high-end or not. You have to go back somewhere to the GT8800 to find all cards to be small.
and buy another 470
Hard-drives have given its storage in the same format as forever which is the International System of Units. It's using the decimal system where each "1000" (kilo, mega, giga etc.) is actually 1000 instead of the binary 1024. You want to look up Tebibyte as that's what your computer actually displays.
If I kick you in the balls you're fine as long as I say I'm sorry?
I disagree. the problem is AMD not giving this card a different name. Their excuse is saying it's AIB's mistake for not being on the difference.

No AMD, the mistake is yours for not putting out a name that's more descriptive. That's what the model name is for!! To know what chip you're buying. Then sure, AIB can say if it's a twin-fan, overclocked and so on. AMD has anything from RX551 to RX559 to choose from! Somehow they're not smart enough to see this and pick one.

Boss: "OK guys, what name should we give this card?"

"RX560"

"I think that's alrea...."

Boss: "Perfect!! We'll let the AIB put in the description that it's a different card. For example the Sapphire RX 560 Lower Pulse, the PowerColor RX 560 Red Dragon v0.1, XFX RX560F-, ASUS ROG STRIX RX 560-5=555".
Yeah I never get they don't use different numbers. Why 1080Ti when it could be the 1090?

Even if they used RX 560 and 565 they would have another 8 numbers in the RX56_ series.

12 seconds + 2 small health packs later and only 28% dmg. I'd say a 4k. You gotta draw the line somewhere or else you should just say a killing spree.

Awesome shots though. It saved them the point, the guys didn't even get 33%.
It's not the issue but it circumvents that. There's a problem with the code, with how it asks to load the skins.
Often? It *might* be an issue with your HDD. My friend temporarily had an issue with his HDD. I can't remember if he bought another HDD or simply reformatted (he had loading issues in general).

Or it could be that some code change. After all, this didn't exist months ago.
Don't *need* an SSD. It can run fine on a slow 2.5" HDD. But there's something wrong with the code OR the HDD. My friend had an issue with his HDD. Things took long to load in general and obviously in OW it all went to shit.

I don't know why everything else renders properly. Did Blizzard remove some code that forces character texture loading as priority?

Obviously the map loads fine as there's just one map to load. Whilst characters will change depending on skin and gold weapon or not. BUT imo, it's still strange that they don't at least pre-load all characters default skins (maybe a low-res) for this issue. Then once the right skin is loaded then switch.
This: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/pcaCg24iDkA/hqdefault.jpg

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcaCg24iDkA
Depends on the angle, if the deer was moving, or tried to jump away and which direction, size of the thing, what parts hit and how etc.

Unlucky situation for all anyway. Hopefully OP won't have to wait too long.
I'm not sure you can draw a straight line. They actually withdrew the offer of $450m. It could be that things were looking good and $450m made sense (seems high though...), then once they looked more in detail they saw they were possibly at a peak and things were only going downhill. It could have been that if they were in charge it wouldn't go downhill. The $7m was over 2 years later.

It's like Digg that Google wanted to buy for $200m. Sure Digg went downhill but that wasn't due to Digg in its state at the $200m time. It was due to management way after. If Google had the reins they could have made something way more awesome and possibly meant that Reddit wouldn't have picked up as it did. (Or Google could have failed horribly and not understood its audience)
Just curious. Did you not put a space before the ! because you got internationalized, don't like the French way or never think 2 cents of it?
It's basically "yeah" in French. Basically the informal/lazy "yes". 
Just a fyi, the tail did that as soon as he got up. He was happy as soon as she came in.
What the f are you guys smoking? 
Why? Are you saying that if you're a Russian athlete you're automatically doped?

I'd actually say please be sarcasm, your comment, because it's very narrow-minded.

They could do something along the lines of if you're clean you can apply to a rigorous program that tests you extensively. If it turns out that you're not clean you'll have to pay the expensive procedures. If you're clean, then welcome to the Olympics. But in any case that won't happen. As even if that existed, the Russian federation of any sports would cut them off and they'd be alone with no money.

There will be clean people and I'm sorry they won't be able to compete. It's not a missed event, it's a missed life-goal and dream. Most people only get to compete in one Olympics.
If we look at single examples I think we can say that all brands are shit.
Are they the crazy frog brothers?
Down with the lying karmawhore!!

So, as wrong as this 35k+ voted post that claims EA stated it was a technical issue.

We're the same but on the other side of the isle. Both extremes are often the same.
Eh loots dorps and doesnt afraid of anything.
:( whilst Nvidia is making a shit loads of 1080s with their eyes closed, getting so bored that they make Star Wars versions.
I sold-out 100% of my 0 stock of GPUs.
Nokia was taking in water before Elop but Elop opened all the latches so that in the long-run he could sell Nokia. He could take his multi-million bonus that was written in his contract if he managed to sell the company. I wonder how much money the entire country of Finland lost due to him.

He made sure the N9 failed by stating right off the bat that Nokia would not be supporting the phone. Even though the N9 was the v1 of an OS/phone that got the most positive reviews.

Then he released these pseudo-Android phones that didn't have Google Play simply to show that Android was not the way to go.
Sometimes they're also heavily understaffed so not only do they not make the decisions but they have critical things to fix such as student laptops that stopped working.
At least rationally speaking.
26C
Totally different from your crew that screws people: r/screwcrew
How isn't it irrational? The wheel is by no means reinvented. It's *exactly* the same. If it was hexagonal or something like that it would be different.

Here it's simply a different type of tire.

It's only been used to death to explain that you don't need to change everything. In fact, in this very case you could say that NASA told itself NOT to reinvent the wheel, only the tire.
Also how are they measuring distance by seeing markings from the "threads" when there are no threads?
Brain, what do you want to do tonight?
Close enough.
Usually it's that you're too warm with it and then you put it on where it's rocky/go skiing if that's what you're hiking for. But it can be a variety of reasons such as his GoPro fixture not working with his helmet, not liking the helmet when it comes to comfort (so keeps it off when not needed).
How is it here?

If demographic A has 90% to be your target audience and demographic B has 20%. Would you like having your limited ads be shown to A **and** B or simply A?

When your business is struggling or just taking shape you need to be as efficient as possible.
I'm too lazy for no-scripts. It breaks too many sites and with reddit you keep visiting new websites meaning whitelisting only gets you that far.

I'd say the breaking from no-script is worse/more of a hassle than advertising. To each his own.
Why the downvotes? He is correct. Apple isn't paying less than legally obligated. Otherwise they wouldn't be doing it, they'd be fined and have to backpay, with interest.

Blame the game, not the player. Change the laws. If your tax advisor said you could pay 10% less in taxes by doing something very legal. Eg. put money in a pension fund. Wouldn't you do it?
There's also lifespan and degradation.
Faster to grab the whole PC.
Also takes way less time than people think.

Some say grab the cat and go but honestly the cat can be anywhere. The server is always at the same location. You unplug and go.
Depends on the situation. Sometimes you have to gtfo and even leave the cat. Other times you can search 20secs for the cat and then leave. So the computer works as well.

We still haven't scanned our old photos. We also have them ready to get taken in case of a fire. Just 2 small bags in the between the front and rear exit.
Yeah even with potato quality you can see this. Not sure what everyone else is on about.

Also when you flash with headlights you do a quick double.
Thank you for writing this. I'm sick of the circlejerk. Most people here claim that EA said no one wants linear games. The title is misleading on purpose and it has 50k+ without no flair saying misleading title. This shit is as low as what EA usually pulls. Aren't we supposed to be on a high horse?

They only said they're less popular. Fuck this circlejerk, not sure if I dislike it more than EA.
AMD has plenty of experience in low power.
I think that's what he saying? Basically everyone who passes are really bright and even the slightly bright fail.

I'm not sure if it's the same everywhere but here in Switzerland they only take in a certain amount after the first year. They obviously pick those who scored the highest so the lowest grade that passes just keeps getting higher and higher. You only get 2 years/tries to pass the first year iirc.
It's just the materials used. People think plastic is shit when it isn't. My dad's J5 (2016) feels damn solid and pretty much the entire front is glass (not screen). So people are simply not happy that the sides and the back are not ceramic/glass/metal/kevlar/leather. 
4 limbs, 2 eyes, 1 mouth, 1 nose with 2 nostrils, tasty...yes he does!
its* fucks
He is saying that it's not the full battery pack, just the cells in kWh. If you want the price of the battery (I.e. Pack) per kWh you need to add in cost of putting it all together, coolant, circuitry, the container etc. 
> which would go away if net neutrality went away

It's not as ISPs will take their time with this. If they change straight away then the new law (or lack of?) will revert very quickly.

This will be a gradual change if anything and we won't notice much for a while. And Pai will say everyone was just exaggerating and that he was totally right.
That reminds me I'm going to miss buttons a lot. I use the radio quite a bit. There are so many stations here that there's pretty much a guarantee that there's always one good song playing.

So I change channel all the time. The number 5 even has a braille type dot so that I don't even need to take my eyes off the road. Can press any number very quickly.

Nothing that can be done on the 3.
So people without "Windows 10 Fall Creator's Update" are fine?
Exactly? I'd say it's VERY broad. Could at least say at driver version he has. Anyway, other people have been more precise in stating 17.7.1
That's unfortunate for the guy :( can they be bent back?
I'm not sure what you're saying. The reasons pros don't pick her is EXACTLY that. Why else do you think they don't pick her? Don't like her skins?

It's not a viable pick if she's only great when the enemy team is sucking all over the place or if all 4 moons and stars need to align.

I love playing Mei but I won't be delusional. At high rating it's a no-no when you have so many other better choices.
There's two sides to this. Some people don't know better. And sometimes you don't know better and just got lucky that the enemy team sucked so much that even a crappy comp works. For this latter, don't expect it to work against a competent team.

Orisa is fine in my opinion. That's a constant damage/shielding/tanking hero. The issues with eg. Hanzo/Torbjörn/Widow is that when they don't get hits or the turret up properly their damage is laughable!

Not only that but they're DPS characters that can't help healers. Those people are better off picking eg. soldier. They'll do way more damage and if save the healing to help healers they'll love you for it.

The most laughable are the widows that only get body shots from far away. Not helping the team. The rest of the team are having a 5v6 and just get trained to bits. They keep dying. Widow is far away, never dies and will claim the team sucks because hey, widow is constantly alive has gold damage. Of course you have gold damage when the rest of the team is using all they have to stay alive and spend half their time running back to battle because of you.

People never think of the aspect of the enemy team. Just because you won doesn't mean you did good. Just means your team overall did better than the other team, that could be sucking some serious balls. You know the ones where you can just walk up to their healer and kill them without issues and so on.
Usually if Torb works in attack, something like soldier would work 100000x better. And usually if attack Torb works it's because the enemy team is sucking way more.

Attack Torb or widow/hanzo/genji/junk main that NEVER change (even when counter-picked or getting trained) are either throwers or griefers when you think about it.

I can play pretty much anything except Genji and Doomfist very well. I HATE playing Tank/Healing when the privileged DPS take their role for granted. I didn't pick Rein so that some ass-hat can pick a Hanzo, not play it aggressively (i.e. shouldn't stay at long "I'm lucky if I hit" distance, and should help the healers), and not changing when he's getting trained.
3 or 4 times that should have been in the base game? Exageratting much?

That would usually make the base game enormous. For example the Battlefield series always has a complete base game and it becomes a gigantic game with all the expansion packs by the end of its lifecycle.
I've never returned a product. Can you return one that has been opened?

If not, wouldn't it be an idea to do properly? As the people who need an R7 will buy an R7. Then for those on an R5 budget they'll be more inclined to go with AMD if there's % chance to get an R7.
The worst case scenario is the best case scenario as it would be so bad that everyone would see that it all has to be reverted and set in stone.

Unfortunately, ISPs are smarter than that and so will only change things in a minor way. Then Pai or whatever his name is will say "look, I told you this wasn't bad like everyone claimed it would be. It's no rapture for the internet. I was right, they were wrong". And then his law will be here to stay. With time ISPs will get worse and worse as there's pretty much no competition.
jpeg2000
Confidence in a random Reddit comment when you see comments on both sides of the outcome?

I say either side is delusional. No one knows what's going to happen but there's still only one way to try to affect it.
Yeah I didn't even know how the FCC logo looked like. I was wondering if it was Guinness World Record logo (that I only barely remember) and then wondered wtf that would be about.
I kind of disagree. What people are annoyed with are the rolling for XX seconds and then right after when he doesn't get a free-kick they're back up again as if nothing happened. Or obviously the diving when there's no way of being any contact.

Imo a few things could help this:

a) cameras, each team gets 3 camera calls, it takes <1min each time and most will use 1-2, keep the 3rd as backup in a really insane situation

b) go over footage later and fine people retroactively. They do this in other sports, it's fined for a lack of sportsmanship.

c) if someone rolls for XX seconds, then he is injured. He needs to go out to the medic for 2 mins for a checkup to play 10v11. Safety first and he's in true pain after all.

Faking it? Don't put the team in a situation of 10v11 then!
Just no. You must be delusional or hate referees if you think so. Diving is terrible for the sport and I don't even get the mentality of someone who thinks the opposite.
It doesn't have to be. You give each side 2-3 opportunities to call the camera. You have referees by the cameras and it can all happen very quickly.

You waste less than a minute each time and you get a true and fair judgement and I doubt all 6 cameras would be called in most games.

So you're looking at a 2-3min increase in time for a no-fault game. Is that so bad? It might even clean the sport a bit.


Another thing they should do is give fines, even if it's retroactively. Basically if someone jumped on purpose (with no doubt) they should be fined later on when they go over footage. And make it a pretty high fine. They do this in other sports. You get fined for lack of sportsmanship. 
Saying they're going to do something about it and doing something about it are two very different things. Just like publicly banning a few VS having a proper system against it are also two very different things.

OW is definitely one of the worse games when it to toxicity and it's by no means getting better.
And therefore has a DLC?
Wouldn't that make it sound like a £10k prize would be high enough in the future?
If it's like Destiny isn't it normal that you start with nothing? Just like WoW, grinding the gear etc. 
Cost to open crates? Like CS:GO, TF2 and Rocket League but not the Battlefield series?

If they screw up the game it will be in another way.
I'm surprised no one is playing on PS4. Is BF1 that populat that everyone moved to it?

On PC, they usually give a refund. But yeah they put the base game really cheap (it's actually a great bang for the buck) but DLCs are always more expensive.
"We?"
Prices are getting better. It really depends on the store. Most are crap I agree.

I just bought a 49" Samsung 4K TV for $305 incl. taxes & shipping in Europe.
Not really. It has always started with gameplay effecting items. Slowly some games realised that it's better to do cosmetics as it doesn't ruin the game. Unlike P2W.

It has worked great for CS:GO.

Then you have those in-between that allow you to side-grade items such as Rocket League. You can get "DLC" cars that are just different than others, but not over-powered. Same thing for things like Heroes of the Storm.

I've played a lot of different games. DLCs work well on large scale games such as Battlefield. CS:GO and Overwatch definitely did it right with cosmetics.
If you're going to be that nit-picky. How about drops from mobs. You purchase game time for drops that are random. Another spinsies wheelsies.
Modding > Valve > Blizzard > everything else > EA

Don't touch the first 3. Proof: Reddit barely sweated on a multiplayer-only game being $40 ($60 on console!)
>changed the algorithm to limit the duplicates from boxes. 

That's not necessarily good. Now you get more greys and blues and have no gold to buy the skins you really want. So people are actually MORE forced to buy lootboxes now.
Holy shit. $60 for a mulitplayer game? How didn't Reddit go all hate on this? I thought $40 was bad on PC.
Not really. You claiming the shelf would be empty as if EA didn't pump out a huge stock and would sell as well as the $20-30 black friday games is delusional.

You might affect some changes in the game just like we do with Overwatch. But overall the effect is minimal.

Reddit doesn't even affect itself! Remember when we were all going to boycott that COD game? Boy did they get hurt!
http://www.dictionary.com/browse/denounce
That's the only thing they can do though. They're out of the fighting zone giving the enemy a higher chance to target your healer. They have no way of helping healers such as a stun, healing, trap, reflect, shield etc.

And the thing is, when you miss a lot as widow you're the above (negatively) and you'd do more damage playing soldier with your bad hand.

Because they don't care about the team and play as if it's a solo game by never switching* when they don't hit shit or get counter-picked?

Most Hanzo mains out there suck. A lot of people who don't play Hanzo but want to, don't because they know they'd be assholes with a high chance losing the game for you.

I give Hanzo < 3mins to show he can play and 99.99999% of the time it's a nope.

*switching to widow does not count
Unfortunately they don't check time-played. I wish they locked heroes in ranked until you had XX minutes on her in other modes.

This current locking is to get people to play her but also to see that she's sort of balanced.
Yes, the week to avoid playing ranked. If you thought never-switching hanzo/genji/widow/torbjörn/junk was bad....
OW is one if not the worst game I've played when it comes to DCs. The competitive game I've played the most is CS:GO and whilst you see DCs there, it's really rare compared OW.

I don't know what is up with OW. If the timing are too strict. Out of 20 games you're sure that at least one will have a DC on either team. It's not rare to see several in a row. In CS:GO? Never.

I think they need to give more time for the people to rejoin and the initial AFK is too short (it's different from DCing mid-game). In CS:GO, there's a 5min warmup that changes to 1min as soon as the last man joins. That drastically helps.
I haven't played that map but after seeing this I'd love just a fun map where you interact with it like this. A fun "screw-around" map.

Lots of things that move, maybe add some whirlwinds, bring low-gravity areas, maybe areas that suddenly go pitch black dark for a second at a time, interactive objects like the shark, maybe mini-trains/boats you can get on, similar to the platforms we see currently, areas with lots of jumppads (combine with moving platforms?), bosses that would fine anyone regardless of teams that just roam around the map.

Some of these were probably terrible ideas but I think you catch my drift. Or maybe I should just launch these old fun CS maps that were like that! A bit of surfing, jumping, boss fights etc. etc. 
How is BF1 bad?

I feel like the BF series were all really good. Base games did have $60 worth content. They did DLCs well with a lot of content and not obligatory. And they did the best DLC ever for Bad Company 2 on the Vietnam mod.
Should we outlaw lottery tickets as well?

If someone wants to spend a few beers worth of money lootboxes every so often what's the deal? Should we outlaw Starbucks as its intent is to make you pay more for the coffee you want?

As for children, remember that you need to own a credit card for this. It's all the parents fault if things get out of hand.

P2W I'm not fine with though.
> a game worth $100

What?

It gives devs a financial reason to update the game. Look at how CS:GO is kept under development compared to CS:S simply because of lootboxes.

I've never purchased a single lootbox but I'm actually *glad* they exist. If people want to spend more money on skins for Overwatch and we get new maps out of it, I'm all for it.
You can even simply close your eyes and listen to the sounds.
That would seem a strange law but you could be right. Also different regions have different laws. I saw strange because it's the one in the main lane that has all control. Just like the when you're on the highway and there's an oncoming ramp on the right, the guys already on the highway have control to give room.

The motorcycle was ahead, there's no yielding needed anyway. Of course that got changed when the car accelerated for no reason other than blocking. You're supposed to do like a zipper. Either way be nice on the road. It could be a friend or a family member or you mom getting blocked.
That's the thing. I hope you guys aren't judges. 

NO ONE is talking about that the Motorcyclist didn't deserve the beating. So why are you arguing about that part? 

The guy asked why the motorcyclist was annoyed and I answered. Why are you so pissed about that? Just because someone is an asshole to the end doesn't mean that absolutely NOTHING wrong can be done to him.

I'm actually negatively surprised at how you guys are all thinking. What if it's your mom or grandma that was driving and the car blocked her from merging, and the car behind as well (because hey, you guys don't seem to care about that, don't give room for someone to merge) so she's stuck at 0mph and it's getting dangerous. Do you seriously not care about that?

If you're in the right lane on the highway, and an oncoming ramp is on the right with cars coming, don't you give them some room or do you play a game of lets try to block them in so they hit the railing?

Pieces of shit with absolutely no moral, ethics or logical thinking. Just OMG HE WAS ASSHOLE SO EVERYTHING ELSE IS IGNORED. Monkey thinking, literally.

#Please do reply. I'd love to have a discussion with you. LOVE.
It has NOTHING to do with explaining the reasoning. Are you all from Texas? You don't like hearing the truth. I explained what the motorcyclist though. I even called him an asshole for doing what he did. BUT the motorcyclist was ahead. Do YOU never let someone who is ahead of you in a merging lane get in? That's an asshole thing.

Imagine if it's your mom or grandma who is panicking because the end of the road is coming and that white car just accelerates blocking her. And maybe another car behind does the same thing and there she is stuck, at 0mph.

You guys have to understand that just because someone is wrong doesn't mean that absolutely ZERO things could be done wrong to him. Think more logically and with a matter of principle, like a true judge would, not a corrupt cop.
Did I say he did the right thing? I replied to a guy who asked a question.

Also the car driver is in the wrong. How do you not see that? If you see a car/motorcycle ahead of you on the merging lane you let him in?

Or are you that type of asshole who accelerates and blocks, and then the car behind accelerates and blocks (because apparently there's nothing wrong with that in your guy's view?) and then the merging lane vehicle cannot get in.

Great huh?

Please reply. I would

#LOVE

to see your thoughts on this. Or for example you're on the high-way on the right lane. On the right of you is a lane that's an oncoming ramp. Cars are coming down there to join your lane. Do you not move to the left lane??

Again. Both were assholes. Just like people who downvote not to hear the truth. This circlejerk is insane.
I explained his thinking. I'm not saying he is right. They're both wrong, just like everyone downvoting me is wrong.

Be realistic you fuck tards. You see a car/motorcycle IN FRONT of you on the left and it's a merging lane, then you let him go.

AGAIN IT'S TWO ASSHOLES THAT MEET. Actually maybe you guys downvote because you could be either of those guys.
Just Googled. I've never watched Star Wars except the first.
The way you wrote that makes it sound like you're arguing but what you wrote is exactly what he said.
It's definitely fast to put up but I like how they started to construct before signing and the 100 days started only when the contract was signed.
I feel like the entire #1 is just bad aiming or good dodging or just typical OW bad reg (that affects everyone). After going on slow-mo I don't see a proper hit right on the person.

\#2.2 doesn't he miss everyone and just hit the railing?

edit: didn't realise "#" makes everything a huge headline.


They should be he definitely wasn't.
You need a better political system. This would never happen in Switzerland because the people can initiate a binding referendum (meaning the people can themselves start a vote on a law that then has to be incorporated, as oppose to sometimes being just a suggestion to politicians).

Such a political system has also shape its society to be more interested in politics, as you as a citizen actually have a lot more influence. The people become more educated on the matters, and when politicians try to screw people over it's political suicide.
80% of power created or 80% of power consumed?

Switzerland has a very high % as well between hydro and nuclear. BUT people who like to show that % never tell you that Switzerland has to import electricity from eg. Germany meaning coal plants!
Are lootboxes or other in-app purchases be "dangerous for the mental health of the child"?

Can a psychologist for children confirm this? I only listen to professionals and not politicians no matter how much I dislike in-app purchases.

> dangerous for the mental health of the child.

I.e. the only "new game".
Killed Google Reader, YT & G+ and forced me to use my full name on my channel with no chance to revert after they reverted, killed Google Talk whilst still trying to flood us with messaging apps, still don't allow for partial word search in Gmail (hard for the king of search and email), never wanted to continue on the microSD slot and forced OEMs to gimp theirs on the software side. I could go on :(
They actually did the Batman editions really well.
I'm really surprised that he didn't contact Razer about it. That's poor journalism.
It's almost as if one could check have figured that out on first try!
Nothing wrong with lootboxes. If it was cosmetics you could unlock most issues would be nulled.
Privacy is on top of Facebook?
/r/ayymd is definitely leaking wayyyy too much into /r/amd. It's a real shame.
It accelerated giving the motorcyclist very little room to get in the right lane as the left lane was changing to be a left turn only lane.

Both drivers are assholes but at least the car driver is no whiney bitch.
Plague is a bad word because that's only negative. The mining craze is both positive and negative. The mining did really well for AMD and soon the second hand market. I'm actually curious how low the RX480/580s will be once they're totally useless for mining. It will be great for those on a REALLY tight budget. And no, running cards 24/7 **is** fine. You may want to change thermal paste but that's it. I'm someone who runs Folding@Home 24/7 and have been for a decade.

Obviously it screws the people who can afford the $250 GPUs during the past year. Can't argue or say anything good about that. It's as shitty as the DDR4 prices.
How so? The 2 year law? Switzerland has that and hardware pricing has been on par with the US, sometimes cheaper. Now it's more expensive due to the strong Swiss Franc (aftermath of the financial crisis).
GPUs run 24/7 no problem.

Source: been in the Folding@Home community for a decade. Either I'm gaming, doing video editing or Folding@Home is running.
And I don't think running 24/7 is any issue with cards. Many of us have been running Folding@Home for years. I probably started since the 8800GT (Alpha Dog!!) era. Most cards I've had for more than 2 years and non showed any signe of damage.

I guess you need to change the thermal paste after a few years and that the ball bearings are less lubricated but overall hardware have been so robust for many years now.
Usually mining undervolts as low as possible which is actually *good* for the card.
Also isn't video rendering mainly CPU?
4000km / c = 13.34ms

https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=4000km+%2F+c

Then add routing. So you're looking at something near 50ms
Smart people usually avoid politics as it's basically a life of a neverending group projects with a bunch of monkeys.
Like in 100% of cases, the video with sound is better than shitty gif.
There was one but the VLC guys stole it.
Maybe that's what happened!
The only downside is if you cannot plug in for long as the battery takes forever to charge. If your trip has a very short charging period it's best to buy those solar panels you can put on your backpack.
This gifv on the other hand...
10% IPC is because of the devs or GPU manufacturers?
For some reason I read his comment as being the 59 (not 69) in a 50. I.e. the acceleration. Which imo was unimportant and just a jerk fest. The kid was a jerk. The cop giving him a ticket for it was a jerk. He didn't have to. It's much more important to check the speed you drive at normally, not when you overtake and not when you take off (unless it's really excessive obviously). So the 69 in a 50 zone is where it's really bad.

It's like when you overtake a car on the road that's a bit too slow for you. You accelerate as there's only a limited safe window. Sometimes cops puts radars there just to get some cash in. That's just bs of them. You want to see the car's speed when driving normally, not overtaking.

Most people break the speed limit when overtaking. I also bet many people go past 50 when they accelerate. You want to check your surroundings more than checking the speed every millisecond.

So if the cop had been a proper good cop, he would have checked the speed the guy remained at after the acceleration. Had it not been 50 then by all means stop him again. But no, the cop just had to get him on the peak of his acceleration. I mean did you see his reaction on writing the ticket? freaking laughed. I'm glad he isn't a judge, not fit for one.
That's not even the case on /r/technology, are you delusional?
on /r/technology on a pretty high rated post for this subreddit....and nothing else.

I don't remember the last time there was a large outrage at it. That's how long ago it was.