1.) Not saving enough bullets.

2.) Saving too many damn bullets
Wow they would have made it to FF18 before they got bad.
Look up the Proko videos on YouTube.
That's one reason I'm still mining... Also, I believe that that in the next couple years LTC will be over 1k, so it'll pay out in the long run.
Ha, I never noticed that it basically looks like a tricorder on the top of the TOS phaser
Bought an L3+ that has been running for 4 months now 24/7

I'll be lucky to break even before profit/day is lower than power cost...

I agree with mactac (just buy the amount in LTC)
I'm not from the US (evidently). 

My point was, generally speaking, politics are a rich man's game. Not always, but generally.
I wonder how many of the US presidents could say they didn't have a "priveged childhood".

It's kind of part of the gig...no?
So you have UniFi APs, OP has them and I also have them, all with the same issues....

Can we all open tickets with Ubiquity? Seems pretty suspect..
I also have 3 UniFi AP/AC Pros and my Nest Hello is disconnecting... I have a 150/15 connection and no issues with bandwidth internally or externally...

I have check all connections and verified power is always good to the Doorbell...

The fact that we both have similar issues with the same APs (or similar) is a little suspect...
I volunteer as tribute!
I've been there man! Stay strong! LOL

I didn't feel like you called me out, I was just adding that info, so you'd know I'm not flaming you.
Oh I know, I was just making a joke. 

Personally, I had never really given "The Rock Movies" a chance until lately. They are usually stupid, but fun. Overall worth watching.

Just FYI, I liked Idiocracy, but I didn't down-vote any of your comments.
Just figuratively..
Outside Vancouver BC Canada.

A cake like this generally goes for $200, but people usually aren't willing to pay that. Just the ingredients are almost $50.00 then probably 12-20 hours work for a cake like this.

That's basically why my wife "retired" from the business.
Same! "We" as in humanity...LOL

I wouldn't doubt if this is solved within in next 20 years or so. Lag time reductions with the tech becoming smaller will naturally fix a lot of these current "issues".
Agreed. 

It'll be interesting to see what we do to get over these hurdles.
> X and Y is all that is needed (for flat ground obviously) as that is what the earth currently does.

Right, but what I mean, is there is no diagonal here. Obviously if x and y moved perfectly in time and it wasn't so jerky, that could work. 

Just as an example, a field of ball bearings that the user walks on wouldn't have issues... Of course, controlling those with a motor is a whole other issue...
Book Holden is like Tweek's dad from South Park, when he goes on little rants about coffee...
If it could read the amount of pressure on the tip of the foot vs the heal, it could guess when a person is going to start/stop running...

Also, I think x and y wont work. They need to find a new style that goes all directions.
Dude, the books put the show to shame...

I'm not saying the show is bad... The adaptation is quite good, and still worth watching, but the books are AMAZING.
It's pretty sad when you want to support a show, and yet the only option left to watch in a reasonable time-frame is to pirate...
Every few years I play through it again, my next play through I'll have my first son with me!
I know, right!

So frustrating..
Well damn, that sucks :(
I'll tell her, thanks!

She says at the time it was about $150, so you're bang on!
Oh, okay, I assumed it was a "Lord of the Rings" thing going on there with the swords/daggers, etc.
Very nice, is that Quenya?
Brutal, you totally got used it sounds like!

I'm the type of person that would just "let it go" too...

I wouldn't stop if you like it, not everyone is like that terrible person.
They outnumber us! Send help!
Yeah we have 3, it gets a little crazy around here... Can't really be doing all that precise work with kids running/jumping/generally being crazy...
60th is coming sooner every year!
I know uh, it stings..
I know uh, every time I go to the states I notice people that seem to expect a tip... I'm like wtf..?
Classic...

I don't know why this is becoming more and more common now-a-days...
Aaaah, that would do it, dick by ignorance...
I would say, make sure to be totally up front with the time and effort that goes into it/how much it costs. Now and again, people WILL be okay with paying. 

Take those customers, not the other ones.
Think of the exposure!
We're in the Vancouver BC Canada area, the cake would probably go for around $200. Usually Facebook has some local talent, you can see their cakes on their profile too.
Thanks,

I know a tip was rare for my wife to get, but always appreciated. I do think tips are more common in the US than they are in Canada though.
I know right?!?
Thanks, I think so.

We tried, she just burnt out, now she just does it for fun. Maybe it'll be on the horizon again one day.
And sometimes it's a "smash cake" so the one year old smashes it, and no one eats it...

(Not in that cakes case, but ones that look almost the same)
Yup, that's basically what I kept telling her.

Overall, if you charge what it's worth, you never get any sales is the problem. Because there are always bakers just starting out who are willing to just do it for $50 so they can build their portfolio.
She charged about $100-150, and hardly paid herself.

We talked it over and in order for it to really be worth making, probably $300.
Yeah... You would think not..
Yup, this is what it turned into basically.

Friends and family get the cakes! F the rest of 'em!
Yeah...People have NO IDEA
I just asked her, she said "I think it was $100 or $150". 

Personally, for the amount of ingredients and effort, (I remember starting with white fondant, then dying it slightly darker for each "ruffle layer", kneading it, rolling it, cutting it, ruffling it, etc.) 

I think it should be way higher price, but there's always someone willing to do it for cheaper... Gotta stay competitive if you want to sell...
LOL, I thought it was decent for sure!

Now she has effectively transitioned away from cakes, only the photos now, so no need of Cake and Takes anymore.

(I can't say I'm broken up over the missing cakes either)
Lol!

"Here's your cake! That'll be $1200 please!"

"But, I thought it was going to be $50."

"Well shit."
It's good to dream! Even if they stay dreams! That's okay too. :)

That said, I hope it works out for you! Doing what you love in life, and being able to get paid enough for your efforts, and enough to live in today's world is all a lot of us want out of life! IMO, It isn't asking too much either, it should be attainable for 100% of people will to put in the effort!
I know, right!

I'm always like! "No offence honey! Don't feel obligated to make me a cake! I'll JUST take a DQ ice cream cake!".

Not that I didn't like hers, but DAT DQ CAKE DOE
Side note:

I had the idea if a "Cakes and Takes" kinda thing for my wife, where she could make cakes, but also take pictures of the event, cake smashes, birthdays, whatever (probably not wedding because that's a different class).

Might be a good startup/launching point if she ever wanted to transition from cakes to photos.
True, "simple" has to look perfect to look "simple".

Lol
I agree, it SHOULD be something like that (or even more), but most people would FLIP if you told them $400 for that cake.
Usually a person would contact her on Facebook or whatever, and say. "I want a cake with this theme that serves x amount of people"  and she would tell them something like, "For x amount of people it would be a y inch, z tier(s) cake, and that would cost $ϴ."

At this point the most common response would be no response at all, or something like, "Are you kidding me!? I could buy that cake at <insert name of grocery store here> for like $50, that's outragous!". However, now and again, they would try to haggle, or just accept the price.
Sometimes my wife and I dream about owning a restaurant, but then we remember that we live near Vancouver, and could never afford it, also the amount of stress involved would be well beyond my threshold!

Kudos to you for being able to do it without having a mental breakdown!
I 100% agree.

That's one of the reasons I (finally and thankfully) convinced my wife to stop doing it.

I think we (as a society) see all these things on TV, and see all these people that appear to be in our class, affording them, then we expect to be able to afford it ourselves, so when we hear the "real cost" it seems grosly inflated when compared to other things. So we expect to pay like $200 MAX for the "michelangelo's david" of cakes.

When in reality, these are expenses that may be standard for people well above the standard working class, or even they are spending out of the league they should be...
Oh man! Just the stress of the delivery is worth a couple hundred bucks! I've had an expensive cake on my lap that took days to make, a couple times... Every turn...every exceleration... Anxietyville!
Do that! It's hard, thankless work! The biggest payments my wife ever got we're compliments!
Thanks for the funny subreddit, I didn't know that one!
Yeah, we get the "Wedding cake as a gift" question from lots of friends/family... Honestly, that's one HELL of a gift...I wonder how many people are spending $2000 (time and effort) on their presents...?
LOL, classic.
Thanks for the new subreddit! Great stuff here!
Thanks, yes, photography is much better suited to her, and we're happy with the amount she can make off of it.
We were 100% in the same boat it sounds like...

Basically, after years of fights, and sleepless nights (when she is stressed she gets "sleep crazy" as I call it, keeping us both up all night) Nights of her coming to bed at 4AM or later, just to wake with the kids at 6:00AM... Price discussions...I never felt like she sold her cakes for enough... 

"If I charge that much, people won't buy them", 

"I really love doing it", 

I love to see the finished product." Etc. 

I think basically she got sick of it, and burnt out.

Now she is doing professional photography. She has her creative outlet, a passion, and it seems people are actually willing to pay for good photos.

So, I guess... Replace that creative outlet with another that actually makes money! Is the answer that worked for us.
Yup... You want custom, you pay!

It seems like everyone is used to the price standards that China has set for certain things, so when they see the "real price" of things they're surprised...

Yeah... The people in China are effectively slaves... We live in North America, have a cost of living, and are doing this, not just for fun, but are attempting to make a viable business here...
If I were a cake maker, I would film a YouTube video of me making a cake from start to finish, and put a link everywhere so you can say "watch me make a cake".

...Maybe people would understand the effort than..
Really seems like no one ever wants to pay what it's worth. 

Not worth it IMO, unless you REALLY LOVE making cakes... And have the time to not get paid...Since You basically have to work for almost free...
Thanks, agreed. 

Sadly, a lot of people seem to think you can just hammer these things out with minimal effort in like an hour or something..
My wife did the same to build her portfolio...

Just don't get "stuck" with low prices...People come back and expect the same over and over again.

Honestly, I would say, try as best you can to charge for your time. If they don't think it's worth the price, they are not "worth" being your customer. It seems like people just jump around, until they find someone just starting out, so they can use them for a cheap cake.
Yeah, it's a pretty good example of a "pretty" but "simple" cake.
I wish!

Then we would have AT LEAST a couple thousand bucks! That's almost a month's mortgage! Lol
It could be a banana...
Thanks.

Well said.

People seem to want A+ work work for nearly nothing...

I get it, things are expensive, but if you're choosing to live in a world where a middle class family is buying custom cakes (IMO this shouldn't be that way) you need to pay. Everyone wants to live like people on TV, or like millionaires, but can't afford it...
Thanks! I'll make sure she gets all these compliments! She's a professional photographer now, but sometimes does cakes "for fun".
Thanks!

Little bit of both I think.

We had 3 kids under 5 at the time, and she was up late, and woke up early, since I went out to work and she was the stay at home mom... I think she just burnt out!

Now she does photography, and people are much more willing to pay 'what it's worth'.
I can't remember exactly what this one was, if I were to guess I would say she would have charged $200 for a random or $100-125 for a friend. In either case not worth the effort IMO, but she loved doing it!
Lol, just READING that expelled more energy than $20 worth! Lol... 

Honestly, it just seems to not be worth the effort for what people think it should be worth.
Yeah, one of the first things I noticed too... Lol...

Probably wouldn't have noticed right away without the side-by-side though...

Upon further inspection, the peace sign also connects at one spot, not two separate spots... 0 effort!
Oh man, everyone is so cheap...

I mean, yeah... A hundred bucks is a hundred bucks...but it's for 80-100 people...
Lol, what a dick. 

That would be something crazy at a bakery...

I got my wife out of that, just like the, "I'll do delivery if you want..." Yeah, if they have the choice of free delivery or picking it up...yeah...they'll pick delivery... obviously...
Thanks! I'll tell her!

I know right...I think it's pretty ridiculous...

I mean, sure...if you have the money, and are willing to spend it...
Yup, friends and family is what she does now too!
Yup, I always laugh at the people that get fondant cake, but obviously hate the taste of it. Especially cakes for kids... Kids usually DON'T like fondant, it just looks nice. My wife made fondant out of melted marshmallows and icing sugar, so it tasted better (IMHO).

My wife worked on the balance of the taste of the cake for a long time, near the end I think we got it (I was designated cake tester, because I don't lie), it was one of the "Cake Boss's" recipes I think...With proper amounts of filling.
Yeah, tools, cake-pans... Lots of different stuff for sure.
Modern day sculptors! Very difficult/precise work!
I always thought the "moon" piercing was just a hoop that we were only seeing the front-half of.
I guess the bakery gets walk-in business and stuff, but also, where we live, a store front in the ghetto that's hardly big enough to be a bakery, would be about $8000/month to lease.

We didn't see a way to be able to afford that either... Like... How do you make $8000 a month on baked goods? Just to break even...
Yeah, and that's still relatively inexpensive for the work going into it... (The $300 one anyways)
Yeah, it's ridiculous what people want, and they want to pay $50-$60...

OK, Sounds good, I'll just work for free, and pay for your cake for you too... Want that delivered 100 KMs? SURE! 
Yes, it was very frustrating to see her toil and stay up a few nights in a row until 4AM, just to have someone hardly care.
After a couple years of working for what never seemed like enough, I convinced my wife to stop doing that, but basically it depends on what the person "pays them-self".

A large Wedding cake with fondant/that's fancy looking with 3-5 tiers (that can usually feed a hundred plus people) should cost anywhere up to a couple thousand dollars (or more). However, a standard three tier I was talking about (people seem to think their 2 year-old wants a fondant cake on their birthday...LOL)...Yeah... Usually a few hundred dollars is the only way it's worth it. It's a LOT of cake and easily feeds 20-50 people.

Almost every time my wife would quote that, people would react like she was ripping them off, and asking way too much... (She would be up until 3/4 AM a couple nights in a row, making custom figurines, etc.) sometimes hardly payed herself a few dollars an hour, especially when she was new to it and it took a lot longer...

NOT WORTH IT.

Everyone wants parties with custom cakes and videographers/photographers, but they think they can pay "K-Mart" prices.
Making a custom cake.

My wife tried to have a side business making custom cakes for people.

People would request 3 tier cakes, covered in fondant, with custom made character figurines made of gum paste or fondant, and expect it to be $50.00...

Um... It has like $60 in just ingredients, and takes like 12-24 hours of work, making cakes, sculpting the figurines...making and rolling fondant... It's ridiculous...

If you want a cheap cake, go to the grocery store or dairy queen.

Edit:

Just for fun, I'll put a picture of one of the last cakes my wife made. No reason why it's one of the last, and I can't remember if the customer thought they paid too much or whatever, just an example of a (One year old's cake...LOL) that a person would expect to be $50.00 all the time...And this one doesn't have custom figurines or anything complicated...It's more or less a "simple cake":

https://i.imgur.com/fgVG1P4.jpg
Have like 50 different stickers for each of the 5 different beer types, person fan remove them and put them on their shirt or whatever.

Funny this is, it probably would sell too.
Beer with custom removable stickers!
Let's make FFVII into FFXV
Is it possible to use FFXV as the bones for a fan made FFVII remake and/or other FF games?

I bet we could beat SE to the finish line..
Yup, that's the one...

Except add fear too it... This is a "Happy Scream"...
Don't ever stop wiping for the entire 30 days.
I cant tell which one is the sketch and which is the picture!!!
After this it will have got its head stuck and started screaming like it was being slowly run over.

I know, because I had a Husky
Would have been really awesome to see!
"Once a year" LMAO
When you can create a title on Reddit, but are too lazy to crop the joke off 9gag...
Same... (not counting being a baby...obviously) 

I don't get all these weirdos...

There have been some CLOSE calls, but 100% never have.


Star Trek did it!
Turbo-lift?
https://youtu.be/lPmOcJ9YdYw?t=6m47s
Doesn't even TRY to recycle!

What a dick!
Yeah, at least it wasn't just abandoned forever...
But both Bayonettas on PC would be nice too...

I mean.. in this crazy world we're getting Crash Bandicoot on PC... 

So..you never know...

Or at least that's what I'm hoping...
:(
Sony (and Nintendo) are our last hold outs...

I dream of a day when our little PC games can sit beside our little Nintendo games, and our Little Sony games, and our Little X-box one games and we can play all together on whatever platform we choose!
I have never even heard of those. Are they sci-fi or fantasy?
Honestly I wish animated movies were taken more seriously, it would be better animated IMO.
"Epic sci-fi novels to read first, so when you watch the movies you can realize how terrible they are"

My latest victim, Ready Player One.
Wow, that's sad.
It basically means "Dead hash board" but sometimes a reboot clears it... Your temps look pretty normal... Shutdown for a couple hours maybe...
Square needs to understand that console releases will come and go, but the PC releases are forever...

If anything they should be putting in MORE effort on their PC releases than anything else...
NO ROBO BRO
Right, maybe that was it...
So, anything you put before a plus resolves to the same address? I thought I tried this and it didn't work... Maybe not..
Nice, good direction thanks. Looks totally easy to do.
I do have a couple VMware boxes within my home network, maybe I will just spend a couple hours and setup a mail server on my domains...might be fun.
Ok, now I understand... So I could just forward to my other domain or even my Gmail address, got ya...probably a good idea, just in case...
Yeah, can we get one pinned thread please, and delete all the other ones people post?
Cool thanks...

So just to clairify basically;  "anythingthatdoesntexist@yourdomain.com" goes to default forwarding rule of "mainaddress@yourdomain.com"

And since the address you used was the company name, you now know who, and from their perspective, it's an active email address.
Who do you use that let's you have unlimited email addresses at your domain? Google wanted more money for more addresses...

I use "companyname.myusername@gmail.com" for the same strat, but I would like to use my domain if possible.
Long story short, it was a local grow-op place.

They seem to be almost the only places that have 220v friendly stuff.
I love her, IMO she looks like a super fit Emily Blunt
Sorry, you're right, the CABLE was $30.00 (CAD) It was a 90 foot cable 12/3 (three conductor including the ground since it is an outdoor rated cable), then I got the 2 connectors, like 10 each...

So, it was like 50 bucks
So, does that mean film and digital are slightly different final cuts? Or are they identical?
Because they think they only need 1 cube.

Multiple cubes are for people they consider a threat.
I also had an angry wife because of the a3... 

Just in case it works for you too, I made a long power extension cord for like 30 bucks and put it in the shed in the back yard with Ethernet over power...might be worth it for you too..
Good question, I guess a quote is a repost of old.

Turns out it was just something similar not reposted/quoted at all!
Yeah, also found this:

https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/5fhlmv/ive_come_to_play_with_you_again/dakr86n?utm_source=reddit-android

Guess I was thinking about it!? 
Dunno..maybe I just read something VERY similar (even the formatting)... I tried to find it by googling "Reddit hello dark nes" but there's too damn many posts to go through...

A lot have variations of your post, but not the one I'm remembering.
Can't remember...might have been you...but I read this last time the dark nes was posted.
Also a repost...

Edit: Apparently not, just lots of similar posts in the past.
swap around the power pigtails. see if the issue follows the power or the board.
"Meticulously Designed for Your Home"

Uh... It looks like a bomb...
Great concept, make it into a movie!
I do it with Philips Hue White Ambiance lights...

Not cheap... But CheapER...
Even your eye-lids look lighter!

Good on you!
MUST be the same people...right!?

Even has the same captcha..
Ah yes, the days before MHL
Right.. that's what it was...micro HDMI...never had it again..
Come on! He can't read! Just tell him they are Doritos!
Motorola Atrix:

* Bloated to crap
* Locked for WAAAAY too long
* Fingerprint scanner was first, but garbage.

~~Proprietary connectors..?~~

Edit - Apparently not.

Coming from a Nexus or whatever it was, was really hard. It made me run right back.
Thank you sir/ma'am.
Can we not just get a "Patch Notes" button to click-on after we see an update?

There are so many updates and I never know what they do...
Anyone know the artist?
What a great, under-rated show... I was:

One of the very few experiences I have had, where when it was over, I was happy to have watched it, but also sad I could never watch it again for the first time.
Yeah but, did you fill up the whole universe at the end? Or was there a part that wasn't filled by his face, making him start over again?
Like this 


|_|
My kids just watch Ryan toy review...
More like the company that sent the people dictate the laws until the people overthrow them.
Fair enough.

I just don't have the energy to argue with everyone on the internet that gets upset with something I may or may not have intended on implying when I post something.

Generally, I try avoid posting my comments about Android or Apple or Consoles and PC, etc.

Everyone seems to be very quick to "get out their pitchforks" nowadays.
That is literally all I was saying from the start. 

You're the one who initially implied I was stupid with your first reply. "Not as smart as you..." 

I'm sorry if my comment came across as me saying "people who buy Apple watches and/or Apple products are stupid." Or whatever you felt I was saying. That wasn't my intention.

I was simply trying to make the comment that, it doesn't really matter what it is, if Apple makes it, there are people that will buy it. I wasn't saying that was or wasn't the case for other companies.

I honestly don't have the energy to reply to all your comments and be on the defensive and constantly backpedal here.

Take it how you want, I'm done talking to you.
:'(
The reason the Apple Watch is successful, is because Apple makes it.
Does the WoW acronym still mean the same thing it did 10-15 years ago?
That's one of the major reasons I was hoping there was going to be time travel in BotW, go back to before the calamity. 
I was under the impression that Sony was the major ball-buster here.
(Masturbation Station)
Yup, I bring a wireless router and connect it after I cloned it's MAC... Then I connect all my devices to my router's SSID
My wife is your fiance!?

Set-up a budget, it doesn't get better 10 years later, it compounds.
Do it. And give him a hug!
Sounds like they're swingers, the texts are probably to one of his closer "girlfriends".
I think it would only really work as a GoT style HBO series. Just the first dune book could be a couple seasons...let alone the other million books...

(Dune basically is GoT...SPACE Game of Thrones)
Agreed, it isn't perfect. It's more like Movie Picard






**Spoiler***






He is also supposed to be more 'damaged' because of his most recent asimilation by the borg.

To tell you the truth I don't even remember Troi or Beverly in the book, so I must be blocking it out..lol
Finally some cutbacks I can get behind...
I feel the same way, read "Star Trek: Destiny" saga if you haven't.

I wasn't much of a reader before I read that, and I couldn't put it down. Continues after TNG and VOY, follows TNG, VOY, ENT and DS9 characters progressions, and you get to see how the borg started, and get to see what happens to them/the federation in the future.
Before having kids I would have thought the same.

I have a 6 year old son now, and...Yeah...No

Also, he is one of the better drawers amongst his peers
Wow, they paid to ship yours? They wanted me to send mine to them at my own cost, then wait 7 to 10 business days for them to diagnose.
Yeah thanks.

Like I said, it really shows how strong the characters are, considering it's only been one season, that shows how well written it is.

I didn't even have to think very much, just wrote down from start to finish a little banter that seemed possible.
Thanks! That's my first one.

Surprising how it came to me relatively easily considering I've only seen season 1 once, and I haven't watched since the finale.

Really shows how strong the specific character traits are IMO.
Scene: 

*Capt. Ed Mercer, Cmdr. Kelly Grayson,  Lt. Cmdr. John LaMarr, Lt. Cmdr. Bortus and  Lt. Gordon Malloy enter the bridge after a long, difficult, but successful away mission on 'planet x'. They all look tired, and all appear to have beards*

**Lt. Malloy:** "Thank god that's over, now I can finally take this damn thing off..."

*Lt. Malloy reaches up to his beard in an attempt to remove it*

**Lt. Cmdr. LaMarr:** "I know right, this thing is itchy as bal..."

**Issac:** *interrupting* Might I remind you lieutenant, it is in the tradition of 'planet x' that we leave on our facial prosthesis for an entire sidereal day ensuing a successful diplomatic mission.

**Cmdr. Grayson:** "I don't know what you're all complaining about, personally, I've never felt more distinguished than I do right now."

*Cmdr. Grayson sitting down in her chair, stroking her beard*

**Capt. Ed Mercer:** *playfully* "Easy for you to say, you just grew your beard, the rest of us are wearing these terrible looking, itchy fake ones."

**Cmdr. Grayson:** "At least I can grow a beard!" *pauses, clears throat* ..."uhh...Captain."

**Lt. Cmdr. Bortus:** "I Agree with Commander Grayson, I have never felt more empowered than I do now, with this ...Beard..."

**Capt. Ed Mercer:** "What, they dont have beards on Moclus, Bortus!?"

**Lt. Cmdr. Bortus:** "Moclans do not have *any* hair on their bodies."

*Lt. Malloy stops taking off his beard*

**Lt. Malloy:** "You mean to tell me no one on Moclan has any hair on their entire body."

**Lt. Cmdr. Bortus:** "We do not."

**Capt. Ed Mercer:** "Okay...Well, time to get back to union space, lets get these things off...What they don't know won't hurt them."

*Capt. Ed Mercer begins removing his beard*

**Issac:** *interrupting* "Planetary Union Statute 289 subsection 4"; 

"All traditions of non-union planets will be followed exactly as requested by said planet, assuming the tradition does not put any person, entity, ship or planetary body in jeopardy."

"If anyone removes their facial prosthesis, I will have to open an official grievance."

**Capt. Ed Mercer:** "Okay, beards stay on for... Issac, how long is a sidereal day on 'planet x'?"

**Issac:** "Approximately 33.8 Earth hours."

**Capt. Ed Mercer:** *sigh* "So, that's tomorrow at 10:00 PM Earth standard time everyone."

**Lt. Malloy:** "Issac must really like the beard."
I hear you for sure, but do we think this is a "bad port" or is it just a straight up "lazy port"?

There is a difference IMO.

Just a little sad, that after all this time, we get a lazy Mobile Port...
That would work.
I'm torn...

I want to support Square bringing games to PC, but I don't want to support bad/lazy ports...But if I didn't support any bad/lazy ports, I pretty much wouldn't have any Square games on my PC...

(I know emulation is an option, and have purchased the games before, so I wouldn't feel guilty. However, that's getting the game without supporting Square products on PC... If everyone did that, Square would never bother, because there would be no market).
And that, is how I met your mother!
Yeah, I could see an episode lasting waaaaaay longer in Midgar (the city felt gigantic) maybe end at the plate dropping :(
Perfect! Please keep going that direction (true to the original) and further and further away from the AC look.
Everyone should have a beard on the first episode.
Lol, no worries, I was just being a dick.
I know...

He was saying FTL was traveling at light speed.
What does the F in FTL stand for?
If it's half as good as the books, it'll be one of the best TV shows of all time by it's 4th/5th season.
That's some good luck.

I'm still at 0 found blocks for sia or ltc... :(
Forgot to report back.

You're correct though sir, I now get about 2000 sia just slightly less often in a 24 hour period... So probably 1500-2000/24hrs

More than Luxor FOR SURE.
Relax, they're wearing their hard hats.
Yeah, it's tough! I said/did some pretty shitty things as a kid, and now I'm 34 and have 3 kids...

You go into it knowing that "there is no repayment", kids are greedy and selfish little cavmen that need to be taught everything our society has accomplished in the last 10,000 years, and as a parent, it's your job to cram all that into the 'short years' you have with them before they're supposed to enter society as a productive member.

It can be thankless in some ways, but also the most rewarding thing a person will ever do in their life. It's a long road, but is it's own reward.

It seems to be around 30, that we realize our parents weren't just power-trippin' assholes (at least not all the time) and they just want what's best for us. If they're still around, you can always tell them what you appreciate about them :)
No need for guilt! It was a card they used in an attempt to control you, and you attempted the same! Anyone would do that.

That said, they're your parents, so obviously all they want for you are all the opportunities they never had, and for you to get everything you want in life...

You know one thing that will help you get all those things though...? A laptop! Lol
Tell them you're going to fail unless they give the laptop they've been promising you. 

It's a two-way street.
I'll take it...
Oh shit, have I just ruined my Reddit Career!?
What a dick, they should fire whomever that is.
I would like to hear their excuses and/or reasons for banning someone for seemingly reasonable if not a little brash questions...
Nintendo is OG, their button placement is the "correct" one.
Yes, I live in Canada.

That is, in fact what I meant.
So, does a school bus not make a crosswalk when it's pulled over in Norway then? 
Wow!

What are the odds that she would take them out in that order!?
Poor dumb kids are probably used to a school bus.
"Secret Codes 2018"

Your credit card number.
Wouldn't there have to be INSANE amounts of people in Germany and Congo to bring the "world average" up that high, with the "sizes" that it gives the populations in Asia?
The ol' days of taking your PSX over to a friend's place, hooking it up to their giant TV that was half wood, in their den or spare room, go to the Blockbuster, hoping the game is in stock, renting it, taking it home, and playing in the dark... Oh man, those were the days.
I'm 34,I think you're being a little optimistic...However, I think humanity is going to do completely unimaginable things in the next 200 years or so. Things our generation isn't even capable of understanding...

I would LOVE if your optimism was accurate though.
I knew it! Maybe I didn't...
I thought it would be a sequel to "They Live" from the name and cover initially...
Also, swap the second and third pictures..
It'll be preserved nicely for a trillionaire in the future that collects relics from long dead famous people, but I doubt it'll be orbiting for a billion years...
I wonder how much they paid him to keep his dignity.
Shouldn't he also have a wolf head?
No, you jam it down your throat while maintaining eye contact with the dominant male.
Then you wonder if it's actually faster, so you time yourself over and over, rolling or not...Then you're like fuck it, and put on the bunny hood.
It's basically like an "Indian Austin Powers"...

A lot of the same jokes...

I'm not sure why it got so much hate... I mean... It isn't an award winner, but it's okay.
Talking on their phone while they are in line/dealing with a cashier at a store.

Thanks!

Cool share, I'm surprised I've never seen that before...

Does anyone know, when you do this, is the engine effectively new again? Will it run like it was just off the lot?
I guess it's a similar mentality maybe...

The only reason I would lock my door is if i'm leaving my house, I noticed a lot of people lock their door while they're home... I don't get that... I have zero fear of home invasion.
Hyrule confirmed in Canada.
That was my guess for 2020
How about the "dumb guy" or "dumb dad" that there always is, in commercials on TV. (or at least when I had cable)

Like every man is some bumbling, incapable fool.


I just switched, will report back in 24 hours...

Are you clocked at 600, or something higher?
Seems to be anywhere from 1000 to 1600, and yes.

Edit:

What's your PPS pool?
I'm seeing about 25% more Sia per day since it changed to PPLNS
Red matter
https://imgur.com/a/D4hSR
They said something about how the "demons" could appear in the past or the future.

Perhaps war Earth is the Earth where the demon appeared during WWII and changed the events of Earth/Humans from WWII on, and OG Earth got the giant Monster?

Not sure about 10 Cloverfield Lane though... Is there a third dimension/universe interacting too?
I'm pretty sure she isn't going to map the inside of the planet...

I'm thinking internal bomb run...
Can I do a funds transfer from my bank account into my Litepay account?
Haha, classic crow!
Lol, everyone there will probably have 5 or more kids..
They're all kinda doing stupid shit...
One of the reasons I stopped playing the game...

Not the only reason...

I just can't get back that FFVII first play through feeling... :(
"That guy totally almost died and may be concussed, or have another serious injury! Lets record a video of it!"

I guess I can't expect much more from people that are all standing around watching a guy do donuts...
Maybe they should setup a call with the guy in the balloon, guy in the field, a garbage eating crow, and a man shipwrecked on a desert island. Then they can talk for 2 hours and accomplish nothing.
I'm just considering it a reset, a chance to get all the crypto I "wished I had more of" when BTC was almost 20k

I'm also super confused why there are so many people selling.. I mean.. a couple days of downs, sure... a couple weeks...seems odd.
Looks creepily like the shape of a human body..
Facey
Did you figure this out? My build has similar specs and I get annoying mouse lag when the CPU hits highs... My i7 3770k never did this...
I would love to see them do something that allows them to "get away from canon"... So they get out of the timeline or the area of space we know, and it gives them a chance to explore a new series without the constrains of canon.

Just not a total repeat of VOY please.
It's implied... However, we don't "know" for sure yet....

We know that the current emperor says he is trying to seize power for himself, however regardless of his actual intentions, isn't that what she would say? (Because she is trying to manipulate)

That said, I also assumed that he was "bad" and he was trying to seize power for himself, I didn't think he was doing anything for "good" reasons. His indiscriminate killing without any show of remorse is the main sign of that.
I've noticed this corolation too. 

Also, seeing doctor's about something, quite often they refer to it as "the x". I had an eye injury as a child, and doctors constantly said 'the eye' or 'the right eye' not 'your rye'
If you reboot it, the X's should clear, if they don't there is a dead component. 

That frequency is VERY high from what I have seen though, like 80-100 higher than most people set theirs... I wouldn't do it if you plan on keeping the L3+ for any amount of time...

But hey, you never know, maybe it'll work months/years...
Weak! Personally, I was expecting $29.99 :(
Well... Then you could have a "clip-show" episode after a couple seasons of all the Idaho's dying!
FF1, FF2, and FFT nos please!

There's a hole in my Steam Library!
So...Get people to cleanup messes that aren't their own?

Nope.
Some people just like pampas grass... 

Black rings and pineapples can also just be black rings and pineapples...Doesn't mean they swing..
I'm on mobile right now, so I can't search...but why did I scroll through the top 50 or so comments and not see:

Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars
Taking a shot
Buying opportunities!
Seriously, what a good guy.

Does absolutely everything he can to not manipulate the the market, even at possibly the expense of millions/billions of potential dollars...

People still bitch him out...

Now we know why we don't know who ~~Satoshi Nakamura~~ Satoshi Nakamoto is...

Edit: 3 Letters
Gimme Litecoin!

...

....

.....

......


Please!
The funniest part of the whole thing is that he's actually number one...not like number eleven or something... He is ACTUALLY the shitest person on Reddit, troll or otherwise.
Oh...He literally IS trying to be the worst ever... LOL

Some people have too much time on their hands...
Really annoying... How long does it take to hammer out the details and get us access to our Tangerine stuff on AP?
Someone should say "I tried to send my 125 LTC, but it's getting rejected, asking for the "Private Key", for that address... Not sure what that means.
Seriously, are you trying to make an account with the most negative karma in history? Or are you the single most autistic person ever?
Watch it in CAD it makes you feel richer...lol
32 LTC club! Let's get rich together!

4k LTC by end of 2018!
Wait until end of 2018 when it's worth 4k ;)
Seems that's what happened exactly. Good call!
I also ordered mine for 12/21, I haven't heard anything about a delay or a shipment...

Sad, because of the Nicehack and price/difficulty rise, it's basically led to the worst case scenario for profiting...
NOOOOOOOOooooooooooooOOOOOooooo!
I can see at least 2 things to be obsessed with in that picture.
Work parties
Repair or buy a new one.

Their customer service is 100% a waste of time.

I will never buy an HTC product again, sadly.
Agreed:

Left side all the negatives perceived in being an artist, right side, only positives, then both the "real" full message.
I am going to assume that within 20 years someone will sue Steam for the rights to pass on the games, and win.
Have a bag/case with several types in it, offer the bag and let them choose.
I wonder how many people would dive in front if it was a dude...
Since Apple
I can see it now:

After you hit him a couple times he starts pointing the blowers at the ground so he can fly, spraying poison gas at you.
Yeah man, I totally don't mean to be "That guy" and say I know how to sole your problems.

LOL, the reverse psychology attempt would be awesome to see.

Come to Canada, Vancouver is really nice! Just bring your wallet.
Well, I broken one of my internet "rules" when I got into a debate with an American on gun control...LOL

I can tell you're a logical, intelligent person. All of your points on your side of the debate, totally make sense, and I can certainly see your perspective. It is always a good thing to learn from the past, and try to make sure you are prepared for situations that may arise in the future. (No better way to know what may happen in the future, than looking at what happened in the past).

The only thing that has changed since WWII, is that more countries have nukes now, the fear of total mutual annihilation is very real, and more real every day, for everyone in the world. The problem is, if a nuke is an "arm", do you want your neighbours to be able to have those arms? Obviously not, you want "the button" to be controlled by as many agreeing parties as possible, not one (possible)maniac. So that said, where do we draw the line...? I don't think many people are asking the Americans to "give up all your guns" we all know that isn't going to happen, nor does it make sense at that point. Not only would it just cause a "black market" situation that you explained, it would also probably force a greater paranoia of the public.

I am actually insanely surprised that the problems in the USA haven't ignited into a full-out race war yet, I am expecting to hear that it's starting any day now... It really shows how much average people at their core, really do just want to be safe, and have freedoms.

I don't claim to know all the answers or how to resolve the situation in the states, I'm just saying that some of the practices are a little ridiculous, like, when you can buy a gun in a private sale, at whatever price, with no background check or any kind of license or ledger of who owns it, and no screen for mental instabilities... How is that not effectively the same as a black market? How would an actual black market be any worse? The money would 100% go directly to crime organizations rather than possibly crime organizations, and possible a "Regular Joe"? Is that the only difference? (I actually don't know, as I stated I am not an expert).

I agree with the argument "If you put a gun on a table and no one uses it, it isn't going to hurt anyone." 

The problem with that logic is that people DO use them, and always will. If there's a gun on a table, given enough people...Someone will always walk up to it and use it... Will they be a bad person? Will they have intention of hurting? Are they just stupid? It doesn't matter. It's that fact that makes the "more guns=more gun related deaths" true. It may be a "tough pill to swallow" for the people in the states, but statistics just don't lie. There are many cultures and societies with bloodier and longer pasts than the USA, and their numbers are lower too... 

I'm not trying to make sweeping generalizations or saying trying to imply "Americans are stupid because they like guns" or something. I'm just giving the two cents of "the rest of the world". This isn't something that can be fixed with "everyone should change right now" (nor is anything else, because that's effectively an oxymoron of the human condition). This is going to be a long road, and the road gets longer and longer every day that the general population refuses to admit that the problem STARTS with the number of guns, and types of guns that should be considered unnecessary for an average person to own.

Sorry just how I see it (yes I am Canadian and said Sorry) LOL
Sometimes we have to adapt our culture for the greater good. If we look back far enough, a lot of societies and cultures started based on some kind of oppression etc. I think a lot of the current "invasion" fears could be boiled down to the way the United States has a tendency to "meddle" in other countries affairs or "World Police" if you will. I'm not saying that's wrong, or doesn't need to be taken care of by "someone"... Again, your "right to bear arms", was based off a country that had no military, so in he event of an invasion from a foreign state, eg. England, the people WERE the army. Now that the United States has a larger expenditure than the rest of the world, I'm pretty sure the people don't needs "arms". Moreover, how do you define "arms" the guns from those times were severely antiquated by today's standards, you could even argue that a nuclear weapon counts as "arms" so, now we can justify a person "protecting" themself with a nuke? We may start to see people rich enough doing this in the USA one day. Where do you draw the line? As we have seen by the statistical shooting rates, it probably should be somewhere before (semi)automatic weapons...

Where I live (the province of BC) we have a massive amount of people that hunt using guns, hunting, hiking, camping, caving, all the same things. We have people who collect guns etc. I personally think guns like that are cool, and have no problem with collecting/showing them. 

You're definitely right, in the ideals that mental health issues need to be treated better to resolve some of the USA's "issues" with guns, however, I think it all comes down to the straight statistic that if you allow "normal" people to obtain guns 'above a certain line' Eg. (Semi)Automatic weapons, your population is effectively 'allowing' mass shootings to happen. As the two are obviously linked. No matter what is done to treat mental health issues, now and again, someone will psychologically "break" and if they have direct access to guns that are able to put out a massive amount of bullets per minute, they are able to kill a massive amount of people per minute, effectively...

I totally agree that the media makes things out to be much worse, because of the current "bad news gets the most attention" mentality. However, statistics don't make things look better or worse, they're math, and the math says something is VERY broken in the USA. Personally, I think the start of that "break" is the general population's, misinterpretation, and/or intentional miss-use of their "right to bear arms".

Either way, if the USA wants to resolve their issues, it's going to be a long road.
Yeah, and our medical system could certainly be better, we have a wait a lot for things, but it is always free... Very weird for me to think of it being any other way in a developed society.

It's more about the cultural differences between Canada and the USA, in that, American's are basically willing to look past the massive amounts of shootings, just because their unwillingness to give up the age old 'right to bear arms' when said rights were based on guns that could hardly kill by anything other than infection...

A lot of people I meet or talk to seem to be almost the same as me culturally speaking, but then they talk about how they carry a loaded gun with them... ...very odd for me...
Oh it's expensive... I've even considered moving to the states on more than a few occasions... 

But the comfortability of mostly free medical mixed with never worrying about being shot always wins out. (Not being a douche, just saying how I actually feel when I think about living in the states)
Ooh.. Right
ONG! NO! I Guess I should move everything I have to BCH, right!? /s
http://i.imgur.com/uyNq2aW.jpg
Agreed, if we were ever lucky enough to find one, she would obviously be 'allowed' to do whatever she wants, just have enough respect for herself/us to make sure she doesn't go off and get a disease and not get tested then give it to us...

She has her own life...
I know right? WTF?
I hope it was like a "I'll just light this candle, oh no! oops!"...
Every book needs to be an entire season on TV...
"Apple says we don't even need anything better than 'Retina' FOV bro. This thing is literally magical."
Yes, I'm very excited for the Apple VR/AR elitists to enter into the arena. Then they can tell all of us how poor we are because we didn't pay $2700 USD for the Apple AR set...
Agreed.

At least another few companies would be nice...

I'm surprised we haven't got a good Android based OS variant​ that works on multiple remotes. 
I just think Logitech is a shit company and we need alternatives.
Classic Reddit...lol

I missed that
I wish...

Can someone please kickstart an Open Source Universal remote control project? 

I'm sick to death of Logitech
My dad once said to me:

"I've forgotten more than you'll ever know."

Still hits me now and again...Solid burn!
Good call!
She's so cute
Love how it sounds like a proper Latin name.
*LPT: Cherish the people you will miss when you know you will never see them again.

Losing your siblings and parents can happen just as fast.
Does anyone else find it annoying that you can make a "mistake" now, and it ends up being captured and put on the internet for everyone to see for the rest of history?

RIP people that were able to live and die without being publicly humiliated for no good reason in their lifetime.
That's funny...

I have noticed this lately, and I do use LED lights, and know they're not "hot" when in use, but I never put this together...
Yes, there seems to be an "exudence" that people are able to pick up on after you start.
Isn't there a "forward" on every deck? deck 10 is just the one that cast we watch mostly uses..?

Pretty sure we see other counselors that exist too, Troi is just for senior staff...?

That's how I took it anyways.
Agreed, I am hoping more like 10% BTC
Apparently, but we just call it being polite.
Bing!? Buddy, in Canada we use Ehoogle!
Sometimes I use US Thanksgiving as an excuse to make another Turkey dinner/pumpkin pie and get FAT
I think the real answer here is that the women get fully naked, in a lot of places they leave their bottoms on, don't they?
Where I live it's a hell of a lot warmer than a lot of places in the states.. 
We also turn them into geese and unleash them into the world.
I never do, lots of people from the East side of the country do. It is used in a lot of the places someone from the USA says "Uh"
That's it, I'm done. I cancelled my pre-order. Keeping the 6p with a shit battery and no mic for longer I guess...
PAWGgystyle
RIP

Sending our hopes and prayers
Paper Bitcoin wallets worth 10,000 BTC each.
Or at least the middle pixel row down a few extras
My 6p only lasts a few hours of charge, so I am, if it was not having issues I would probably keep it until the 3XL for sure.
It's a start.

Hope to get on more soon.
Yeah I am mostly kidding, but with the AI race.. you never know..
Until one day when we find out Apple is doing the same thing as Google with all the information anyways...
Mine was fine, but I have a friend who got really bad lag, factory reset didn't resolve it..no clearing system cache..
So...just turn off SSID broadcast?
This one.

The shame of what you did causes you to not like it now, and the memory of how good it felt perpetuates the shame.
Change the batteries in your carbon monoxide detector. (seriously)
To not take 15 years before I can play it.
*Only focused on Dax
Yeah.. I wish/hope they change back to the classic formula... Or closer to it anyways...

We need character development for all the main cast...Not one person... That's how Star Trek works...

To me, I always found it hard to get into a "New Star Trek" and it took me a long time to realize, it was because I need the character development... Once I know the characters, and I care about them, I start to like the show. 
This is true, and very useful.

I have each TV set to the default for each Google Home in that same room. So you don't have to say; "Play Star Trek on Netflix on the Living room TV".
That would be nice, but I would bet Pixel 1 owners will be held to the Pixel 2 promise (at best).
Ball pops and the truck hits him and puts him in the hospital since it isn't there to absorb most of the impact...
Not a fix, but you could buy a chromecast audio and create a group in the home app that includes your home mini and the speakers.
They don't care because they'll always be behind...

Edit: Fuck you Apple bitches you know it's true, come at me.
Can we get a Game of Thrones style make of Dune on HBO please!?
Yup..

He glances, as he is turning back he still hadn't quite realized yet...then he does, smiles, then almost laughs, then recomposes himself.
Also, the anti-consumer practice of holding back their hardware, so they have something to release next year.
Companies have been making hardware/software solutions forever... Contrary to what every Apple fan boy thinks...Apple isn't the first company to do things...

Apple is a Hardware/Software company, and has always been. Google was a search provider...Then software...Then Hardware... Obviously taking a step from the search based ad revenue model to hardware/software is a bigger step than hardware/software to hardware/software...

Why do Apple Fan Boys have this ridiculous belief that Apple is "right" or needs to be "right" all the time... 

Buy what you like, what works for you, if it stops working, move to something else... These companies have no loyalty to people, why TF do people have loyalties to the them?

Apple fans are like the people that were still using Yahoo in 2010, because "It has good news" or "It still finds everything I need it to."
You can, that's why I'm a snob..lol... I just want it native and legit.
True, I'm just a Steam snob, I like everything in one place.
Yeah, it would be nice if they surprised us with rdr on PC... I want it immortalized...
Dang, I thought the ps4 was emulated and the xbone wasn't...

Welp... Hopefully they give us an anniversary copy some day or something... I want a Back to the future Mod where you can 'travel' from all the different gta timeframes into RDR...
Yeah, you're on the mark with all your statements...

They should be able to port it now though, isn't it running native on Xbone now? Or is it being emulated?

I think they just know they could probably only sell it for 20 bucks, and it would take more work than it's worth... Still... I really hope R* has some PC enthusiasts working for them...
I've heard this "reason" so many times over the years for so many different games... Pretty sure it's some lie someone told all over the internet...

It doesn't even make sense...

"They lost the code"

"The code was messed up"

Etc.

It's bull
So now instead of 1 person from last year, they have 3 total this year.
implying that they were ever going to get laid in their life.
Lol, I read most but it's funny how fast it happens...
Fair enough...The top and bottom bezels on the Pixel 2 are pretty bad, but personally I don't mind the Pixel design (ear buds, laptop, phones, etc.)

It's not my favorite...But not bad...
He says it's an open offer for any time in the future, 10k BTC for 2 large pizzas... Maybe I should order him a couple...
Now someone do a terrible photoshop of them kissing!
Pretty much...from what I've heard... That needs to be fixed
Yeah but someone actually found it too:

https://media.giphy.com/media/d4aVnomMrLZxQLKg/giphy-downsized-large.gif

Not saying that what you're saying isn't true, just throwing it out there...

Not sure if it was semi-legit or a bad copy/bootleg, but it was found. 
I ordered a 2 and 2xl today after the live feed (Canada)
Lol yup, but I think I saw a pic of that one recently...

East coast Canada had a bunch of them I think (because of French maybe...?? Who knows)
This is why having parties at YOUR HOUSE sucks...
Almost clicked out of reflex, glad I didn't...
But if you buy Google direct, the warranty exchange process is awesome!
Aesthetics < Functionality

Let the reviews speak for the products.
We killed the site :(
Some would disagree! No one can find proof though...

Just like the Shazaam staring Sinbad...
I turned off the beta program and got the stable Oreo the next day...
Afternoon delight
Ship is 1031...Maybe it is basically a section 31 ship...

I'm thinking Manhattan project or Fringe meets Star Trek here...
Did he swallow a whistle...?
What about the apartment that is OK (200) or the forbidden one...
Cromulent idea
Here's my less frustrating, but still annoying set (books 1-3 not available in hard cover):

https://i.imgur.com/vlrXn1m.jpg

Edit: I also just noticed the author and book names are swapped too...And the orbit logo print is in black on Babylon... OCD overload!
You have to put it where the hand WOULD BE
Kinda both.

It would be Space's responsibility to tell the cable company within 'x amount of days' of any changes to the schedule... They probably added the interviews after the deadline, and/or either didn't update the cable company, or the cable company sat on the info.
I had a friend that thought "Star Fuckers Incorporated" was "Skull fuckers incorporated", I told him the actual lyrics and he said, "Shit, that song is way less cool now." 

Truth.
*convincing yourself it wont help until you do, and it does.
+1
Might just be stuck open an inch or something...?
You know it was a bar fight...
Just flip the main breaker before she leaves the house...
What if there's a hundred year storm where the wind ONLY BLOWS in the WRONG direction!?

Then there will be no power left in the ground at all!
Wow, as cool as this looks...

I'm sure Nintendo isn't a fan...
Human music.
Please, I am not sure why a decent dev. hasn't taken this on...

Is it not just accessing .WAV files on an IMAP server? Can we not "tell the dialer" to look somewhere else for a server that I setup on the internet or something?
Lots of chatter from very young Reddit accounts...
+1
Agreed, we need less: 

"WOW I'M RICH B'IATCH!"

And more:

"LTC is finally getting closer to the value it deserves, but still has a long way to go."
IMO, "bittersweet" will be Danny killing her dragons because they have no place in the "modern world" that she wants to create.

Dragons=Magic=WW

Without dragons, people will be able to progress into the next age, and she/those after her can "rule" in a more modern fashion.
Wish we could just set it to "pre-buffer" or whatever the equivalent would be for recording streaming...
LOL, that's not broken...
Bought November 2015 and played for an hour, hated it and never played it again, read about the DLC bullshit, time to get my money back!

Thanks!
Are you in the beta program? 

I am, but I still haven't got the final OTA of 8.0...
one person falls into the cart (or whatever the fuck it is..?) and one falls left, the other right...(That's 3)
Hazel is an application (Mac) that will perform tasks like moving files or renaming files that meet a certain criteria (I have it automatically rename and sort all my media to my standards after it's done downloading automatically) so Plex can see and add those files to it's database.
You could probably add Plex for media serving/playing and sorting. 

I'm sure most people know about it by now, but it's amazing.

Having that interface was a big part of me being able to cord cut.
I like my light-weight qBitTorrent

Can add everything via a web bookmark on any computer, open source, supports rss, encryption.

Not saying it's better, just adding options.
Speaking of which....

Let's see Chrono games on PC...
Yeah...MAYBE should be 20...
Oh they knew for sure.

Dragons=Magic=WW

This is all part of the plan!

Also, if he threw a second spear, he thought there was a chance he was going to hit...
After I had kids I realized the baby on board sign doesn't me "Don't hit me I have a baby in the car."

It means:

"Sorry, I am driving like a frightened 90 year old, I don't want to shake my newborn baby."
Now daddy know why hair go bye-bye, maybe learn how it come back soon.
Always saw both, knew right was right.
Please add me, I would love to play the game.

Thanks
I just want a way to rename and sort my games :(
He ded
I would love if they took the entire BotW world and sent us back in time before link was put into suspended animation, let us see this world at it's prime, including Hyrule.
You end up with kids that can go SSJ as children...
Given, that's a lot of drives...but that's living on the edge..especially with a 13%(ish..?) Failure rate...
Wicked fast.

I just don't see Apple having the "machine learning" to keep up with Google in the AI over time department though...we are all building Google's AI for them with search...
Yeah! Like taking the buster crystal and putting it onto a mirror and adding isopropyl, then using a hair-dryer to make honey oil.
Hmm, I would say the 'graves name' is slightly larger.. like 5%
True enough.
It may be different directions, but it's the same road...
Asking "How tall is Barack Obama" is not the same as "How tall is he?"
OR... they all parked before the lines were painted on, BMW guy buys two tickets because he's a "baller" then the painters came and put the lines under the cars.

Edit: a word
re-make the animation so the guy with the AK kills the pan holder in one shot without him even knowing where he was shooting from...
The moon at night looks like the Blood red moon from BotW...

Also breathing is hard...
1.) Only up to wood buildings

2.) No Cabinets...?

3.) Highest Tier weapon is crossbow

4.) Only stone hatchet/pickaxe..?

5.) Up to wood/bone armour

Could be fun.
https://gifsound.com/?gifv=7Sd6kHz&v=gPfdyycxge0&s=34
Tenacitree
Looks kinda like a type 6 shuttlecraft...
What's the source of these? I like that there's a future date on the phone....
Um...LOL is this legit?
Yeah..let's hope they are ridiculously good and long books..
From what I have read, we're looking at 9 total
Look at Mr. Braggy McBrags here guys and gals, he's trying to impress all us low level internet folks with his "high level income".

Edit: Apparently it could be a quote from a terrible Will Farrell movie (JK I love Will). I was just "busting his balls" anyways..
I think this is because it's being rushed...everyone is on fast forward...seriously..it's weird..
I'm guessing he was told to act like the three-eyed Raven or something...?? Vacant/disconnected with reality...?

It was very off-putting... And not properly explained..
Is it me, or is the pacing really terrible since GoT passed the books? These screen-writers really seem to have no idea how to properly show a passage of time...
Yeah... DS9 was a quick brush-off of sorts...I think Enterprise was looking for lore to add...seemed pretty weak at best..
Personally I think they should have just said "Klingons should have had ridges in TOS, but we didn't have the budget" instead of writing in some convoluted junk about genetic engineering...

Just go with it...who cares how or why, Klingons are Klingons... Use your imagination...

We're talking almost 60 years here, tech and makeup are going to look different...

If for no other reason, they need to try to keep it fresh...
Woohoo!
I once had a dream where I drove off a bridge, then it was just dark...and consciousness... And I was like... "Okay..why am I not waking up...was that not a dream!? Am I dead now!? Was that it than!?!!!? And now this is the afterlife!!??;!?!??!!? Being stuck with my consciousness forever!!!!!!!!???!?!????"

It felt like several minutes before I woke up... Took a while to get the will to go back to sleep..
I've always wondered if "you" always survive in your own reality. When others die in "your reality" they're still alive in "their reality" just in a fork of the universe. Until you have a 0% survival anyways...
I was hoping he would have "killed her" with the lightsaber for her impetuousness.
Apparently people don't know it's illegal to go 40 over on the highway and drive while looking at their phone.
Apparently it's from 6:00 PM PST to 7:00 PM PST.
IMO , in 100 years there will be skyscrapers full of things like these, with customization for the lights/water/fertilizer so all the farms can take up less land, then traditional farms will become rare... Once space becomes a total commodity. 

Hell, throw one in space too, but you can build it outward, and polarize the glass on a schedule to allow the plants to grow for astronauts. 
Could just be solved by her agreeing that the belongs to the King in the North...
We know that the 'iPad" is actually just a tablet, and there are/have been others, much longer than it...right?
Can they come to my neighborhood please? This year they are the size of bees and are insanely prevalent.
It's just a baby!
Happy birthday
He probably told the cancer it was killing him wrong.

Too far?
Jokes on you:

When that license expires that's what you'll actually look like!
I better damn-well get a movie like this with my cat and the song with meowing!
Depends on the person/their job I guess...

For the conservative people, maybe go with a guild line like:

If they can wear the outfit in public, then it wouldn't be NSFW...?
I agree, I don't see anything NSFW here...
Same, still go back every couple years and re-play it.
I just want to be able to rename games and have titles and sort titles that are different (Final Fantasy games and Resident Evil games make my OCD rage burn)
Well, it looks like there is no RAID redundancy here..
Yes
I had one on the back field of my elementary school. We would take them and climb the fence and toss them from the top while others tried to catch them!
I knew a kid that could do that too!
Make it a Borg program that Locutus is running to see how viable it is to invade the federation from that era...lol

That way you can mess up everything and have Borg and Q and everything else...
George HW Bush was when I started...
Seems like just the view from the window would make a great painting!
Had a very similar experience happen to me last year. Glad yours turned out as well as mine!

Yay no heart issues!
Uh oh
Boss fight song from Mario 2 here.
Just like the bastards in Zelda: OoT
Exact same thing here actually...Also just read BA after Dune... It was hard...
Within 2 hours of waking up my phone was at 70% with effectively 0 SoT...
So wait... Do I take this advice, or not!?
DayZ was way worse when it came out...Still worse now..
It's not supposed to be "millionaires only currency" Everyone, everywhere should be able to use it for whatever the fuck they want...
Same issue.. apparently it sounds like I'm underwater or in a tunnel or something...
Idiots like this is why your car window gets broken when the doors are unlocked.

Thanks for the deductible assholes. My family of five really appreciates paying $200 for nothing.
Rust ragdoll glitches IRL
:(
I wasn't intending on implying that Windows Defender was bad, I was saying that putting a shortcut to it on the desktop is simply ridiculous. If they aren't going to make two clicks from the system tray, they aren't going to click on the desktop shortcut...
And don't forget to "connect to the internet to activate windows"... Oh man..speaking of cringing...
Your dad just wanted to see you! You should visit him more.
Lost me at "...shortcut on your desktop to Windows Defender"...

Edit: Also, I'm pretty sure most computers are already "connected" to the internet, and activating the wrong person's copy of Windows might get you a smack upside the head...
It would have to be something similar, but different...

Near the end of season 1 (TV), we see the PM trying to create a blue firefly replica of a human (early stages of attempts/foreshadowing I would guess) So we know that at least on the show, it doesn't appear to have that ability even after the Eros incident...

Maybe something to do with how powerful it will eventually get or blah blah, insert reason here that it is eventually able to "project" "Julie" in some form to Miller in the "past" to get him onto the right path so all of the events take place the way they need to, to form the future into what the PM needs it to be?

I don't know though, it's a stretch either way.

I always just assumed it was a Miller hallucination that was manifested by him because he was lonely and in love with her.
Depends on how you define technology...

I wrote another/different paragraph here initially, but decided to take it out because it was too close to walking the line of being a spoiler. Just enjoy the ride.
Basically it is described as the protomolecule being able to ignore "physics" as humanity understands them.

It's just so advanced that it's using <insert technology here> to not have g-force while moving.

It never says how, there are multiple ways it "could" a lot of which are described in this thread, and others. However, it doesn't matter how, all that matters, is that it can.
The episode I watched on "Space" in Canada didn't even have this scene...

Makes everything else after make more sense...
People are assholes you salty fuck.

I upvoted you!

Thank you! It was driving me mad!
I don't get it...I said she "shouldn't be embarrassed", not "shouldn't be shy"...So who are you disagreeing with? And what is the reasoning here...?
(Spoilers... Don't read if anyone doesn't want to know spoilers tags aren't working in my mobile app)

Right, but like I said... It doesn't really matter how it happens in the books. Realistically, the only mark we need to hit to allow the "investigator" is the proto-molecule soldier to have been on the Rosie, and Eros to have hit Venus.

Not saying I don't agree with your logic there, just saying it was possible IMO (even if it was wishful thinking)... I mean, we already saw 'blue fireflies' creating a basic human form at the end of season one, which is a totally step away from the books, and quite a foreshadow.
You shouldn't be embarrassed!

I know! Easier said than done, but you have an amazing body and should be proud! 
On one of our first dates she said she liked Back to the Future, and I was thinking​ "oh yeah, I'm  sure you do." 

I then asked her what the date was that the delorian went back in time to, and without losing a beat she said "November 5th, 1955."
Yeah but that doesn't really matter. It's an adaptation.

I'm pretty sure every even numbered book will be grouped with an odd number book (in terms of some events/content) since character removals/jumping doesn't really translate well to TV. Also, all the 'action' seems to happen every second book IMO.
That's the question...
Yo momma so fat her schwarzschild radius is the size of the local cluster!
Oh man... I thought that was going to be the season 2 close...I figured it was going to happen in black, just so we hear him..

I guess it'll be somewhere in the middle of 3.
I always assumed he just went back to before that Omega was born/created...
I'll play it once it's on PC, hopefully soon!
This memory probably haunts her more than it haunts him.
Have a few drinks and talk about fantasies you both have.
I'm sad that we need trigger warnings on things now... :(
Feel the same...instant buy for my wife and I with ability to use aux...

I would still almost buy it and suffer through the Bluetooth use, but I can't condone the removal of a headphone jack for no other reason than Apple did it... It's still too damn useful in everyday life...
I just mean physically...

From just announced to on shelves in a couple months is pretty crazy.... Usually we get FCC leaks, renders, announcements, leaks, then release date, then shelves...

These things need to get made, and that takes time...Just seems a little far fetched they could be out and about so fast, but you never know! Maybe I'm just jaded because of all of the KickStarters I've backed Iver the years!
Thanks!

I'll check it out...

After all I need something to read while we wait for GRRM
> Brandon Sanderson

Where do I start with his books?
Lol, I'm not saying that. It's just the old:

"Getting shot in 'merica" meme.

People do things wrong in other countries too...doesn't change their gun related deaths numbers to even a percent of the USA though...
Wow, that surprises me, but I'm excited if they are accurate.
Well I am in Canada (a part of "NA"), I was speaking specifically of the stereotype of getting "shot" in "America".

I mean...Do I have to pull the statistics out for; gun related deaths in the USA vs every other country in the entire world? 

Or can we just take it for what it was?
Until you get shot.
I was expecting Q1 2018, but I don't think we've heard anything yet...

I don't think the phone even exists other than on paper at this point though, does it?
I hope when anyone dies, they turn into a zombie x amount of time later, until it is all zombies vs remaining players.
It's hard, I felt really non-engaged so I know what you mean...

It's totally worth it IMO though.
Why does a monitor get included in all PC mock-ups, but a TV never gets included in console mock-ups?
What exchange is everyone going to instead of Polo? I already lost everything once through BTC-e...
Can't it be both!?
As an expanse book reader, I'm pretty confident it'll destroy BSG in long term.

Difference between writers that know where they're going vs, ones that have no idea...
"Fast Cash" LOL
You're welcome.
Somebody doesn't have kids...

Edit: Fuck you down voters! That was funny
Works with games that don't support cloud saving too!
Yeah, I have no idea how people can just sit there and take it. I would have ended up saying a bunch of bad stuff... Probably would have been the one to get in trouble too :(
Wait wait wait... Americans don't have a national ID card?
They should just release the files themselves to spit in their face(s)
FFVII:

I had never played an FF game before. I bought it because I was waiting for Zelda OoT/N64, and it turned out to be as good, it not better. I feel it's a game everyone should experience.
Lets go play with the seals too!
I always spam:

I got it!

I got it!

I got it!

lol
That would be cool, but sounds breakable.

Also, it would be cool if we could solve this problem:

https://www.techlicious.com/blog/researchers-find-a-way-to-look-people-in-the-eye-during-skype-calls/
Yeah...we need cameras that can work through screens or something....

Then it can be placed where the person is looking (the middle of the device) instead the top of the device
Yeah, isn't a large part of the GDP measured by giant cities that no one lives in/no one can afford to live in? Moreover, they're still building them...

That's...Kinda...Cheating...
The floor looks too slippery to stand on let alone dance on.
So... A new volcano? Like in the movie...Volcano..?
The Skype UI is terrible and a total embarrassment, it should have been addressed 10 years ago...When it was the same.. And just as terrible, but when terrible UIs were more common.
Would not fire seem like death to ice and vice-versa? maybe not in its literal meaning?
It's funny because the "Loft apartment over a really great party" became an nice apartment over a meth lab in his AMA.
Is the "correct sequence" just following the only available linear path?
Yeah, very odd and out of context... I know it's hard to believe, but I'm kind of glad that they re-wrote and ended with Last Crusade... ...
After watching that scene (Thanks to Paul Rudd) I must download this terrible movie and see its awefuleness.
Da dedada haaaaat maaaaan

Da dedada haaaAAT MaaaaAAAAAaaaN
Those were just DVD special features from a another movie that was never made...
Call tech support!
Uh.. Google we know where we can use it... We've had NFC terminals for like 5 years... Just been waiting on you..
You could always minor in something music related.

Education is always good if it's an option for you though.
Not realizing how easy it actually is to talk to women...

They're just people;

Act normal, don't be a douche, treat them with respect, and you're already better than 95% of the interactions they have with guys daily.
I think you'll find the more you take yourself out of your comfort zone the easier it'll become, until there's a point where it actually is fun. Getting out of your comfort zone now and again is healthy, and it helps prevent anxieties and phobias from taking over (at least for me).

When it comes down to it, it's a cliche, but stay true to yourself, but also challenge yourself to become a better version of you.
Once I learned to take all my expenses for a given month and add 10%, then divide that by 2 (or the amount of pay cheques per month), put that money in one account, then it is never allowed to be touched for anything other than expenses, move all other money to my "spending" account.

That solved all money problems until I was married.
I just switched from Scotiabank Visa to Tangerine Mastercard! Now I have to wait again! lol
They're still together and that's a different kind of kindness.
still waters run deep
Painfully.
I bet she was not there for the school, she was there for the young guys.
For someone that has played almost every FF, except XII, I expected to learn something about the "Gambit System" from the title of this trailer.

I was wrong.

Edit:

Thanks for the downvoted whoever, have an opinion? Have guts to reply. The video certainly explained nothing about how it worked...
I miss them all:

Nexus One, Galaxy Nexus, N5 (Never had a Nexus S or Nexus 4)

They will be remembered!
Yeah, I considered the Pixel XL, but it just didn't seem like enough of a jump for me...MAYBE if it had Qi...but doubtful..
I feel like you...

I mean, the battery isn't THE BEST, but, I still get the same amount of time out of it, fully discharges without issues.
100%, and we could sort by it too.
10:00 AM PST is 1:00 PM EST, not the other way around...
Nah, he got his SO to write the second one, the capital B and H are way off, grouping is different, I would say two different people, or one person REALLY trying hard for internet points.
Shocking! Lol

Google seriously thinks the entire world is the USA.
Brendan Fraser is displaced from his time/situation.
NONONONONO
The bank's mobile apps in general in Canada are trash.

Seriously people, you make money from holding onto other people's money and reinvest in mass/destroy people with fees... I'm pretty sure you can spend a few million out of the several trillion net to build apps and services that work..
Google Home?

I mean... I have 2.. But they're not technically in Canada, right?
I live in a tiny town 150 KMs outside Vancouver and NFC terminals are already almost 100% adoption rate. We've been ready for years for this...I can FINALLY use it (hopefully)
The thing is, the Dominion's tech WAS way better than the Federation initially, but the Federation is really good at adapting/countering new races advantages. You would also think ruling an entire area for so long, may just make you lazy/decrease your interested in R&D, but that's just how I imagine it...

Agree with the points on Winn's arch... It should have shown a slow decay into the Pah-wraith worship, not #1 profits worshiper>#1 Pah-wraith... Was as bad as Anakin deciding to kill "younglings" for no good damn reason.
Wow, see is amazingly beautiful, for those that care:

https://www.instagram.com/ri.care/
I got on a boat in Mexico and it felt like a death trap... Couldn't even imagine this thing...
Miller and Holden (in the books)
"Fallout Go"
It's very frustrating that Valves priorities have effectively put unfinished games series' last.
Dota makes them more money.
Just curious;

What's the margin of error?

Have we ever been able to determine these methods are actually​ accurate? If so, how?

Not being a douche, just curious.

Couldn't there be other objects in the orbit of the star on the opposite side with much higher or lower density that would throw off the equation?

If you reply, thanks! If not...dang.
The question is:

Did the dog live?
Is this set of three planet of the apes movies based after the Mark Wahlberg reboot? Or is it totally different? I know it referenced a space launch in the first one, was that Wahlberg's ship? Or Heston's ship? Or maybe they start all over again after this one...lol
Yeah... I love The Expanse, but I don't want "Star Trek: The Expanse" they are two totally different sub-genres of sci-fi, and I like both, but not together...
I love it and miss it.
I call it the "transition point" of the games, and I am sad when a Zelda game doesn't have one...

BotW spoiler:

I was hoping after the divine beasts, something was going to happen, and real dungeons/story would open up...(not that there isn't 'enough' with the standard game, I just wish it has a transition point)
Anyone have before and afters? The video seems to just be after.

Sadly, my memory ends up telling me it was better than it was.
master debater!
I'm assuming he is going to be the host to the master at some point...

I hate his face though
Literally unmasterbaitable
Surprised no one has said Something that my wife mentioned the other day. 

"A man having a baby strapped to him in a baby carrier is like Viagra for women." 

Or something similar anyways..
"Mom"
Google and Apple are playing opposite strategies when it comes to smartphones right now.

Google is hoping that people use their applications on iOS and get used to them and/or think "I'm always using Google apps, so why don't I just get a 'Google' phone?"

And Apple doesn't give a fuck about anyone not using Apple devices.
I am so glad my terrible child memories were too long ago to be posted on the internet...
ANOTHER time travel episode....sigh
This makes me sad that I don't use keys anymore :(
But does it match the drapes!?
That's the line for being alone...
Makes me wonder... 

If HBO was releasing GoT this year, would they still beat GRRM to the end?
Direct reply to Kevin Bacon's post, I am now 1 degree!
I'll take a 2 degree here.
Seems like milk or cream would be at least equally as useful...
Dude, wait until you're dead first!
Dude, the tattoos are hot and with or without them she's a 10.
LOL, sorry.

If you're rooted you can still have it, or if you aren't, you can have it on a different button (not the power button).
1.) They would actually have to start innovating again...

-I find Android users are waiting for the next flagship phone because of all the great new features. However, iPhone users are waiting for the next iPhone for the features they wish they already had...

2.) Walled garden is not okay

-I won't buy/go back to iPhone (I had the original iPhone, then 3gs, then switched to Nexus One) while they choose to create a non-competitive ecosystem. I am not saying Android/Google is without flaws, but It's certainly better than Apple in this, and I would opt for another device type/OS, given it was better/had comparable devices/was MORE open than Android is/is becoming.

3.) I am not renting my hardware from you Apple. 

-When you use any Apple device, it feels like you can't do with it, what you want. You can only do with it, what Apple wants you to do, that's not okay. I don't want Apple care, I want to be able to repair my own devices/flash whatever I want without iTunes.

If these things change (which they never will) I would consider MAYBE moving back to Apple.
Figured it was pretty self-explanatory as sarcasm and satire of the rest of these ridiculous posts where people are asking if x is safe...

Now I know, always add /s
Thanks cosmo
Nah, I don't need animated screen-offs
Anyone know if Android 2.1 is safe? I've been using it for a while and only have 10 malwares. Is that good? I'm not sure what appz I should get from the market.
Just like my wife!
"How does he slap!?"
...Was it right...?
Yeah, breaks are fully on for quite a while, it probably stopped her from t-boning the driver/passenger straight on, and made her hit closer to the back of the vehicle. 
"'A matter of national security', the age old cry of the oppressor."
Yeah... Probably needs to be instant death within a small area, but does little to no building damage above stone.
I want someone to re-make one of these GIFs, with dick-butt
It appears as though those two have a cross-thread argument currently going on... 

I'll never understand how someone can be filled with so much hate, that they feel the need to abuse another person on the internet...
OK, so he kinda enables it...

Still isn't cool though. one day someone probably will get killed on camera because of these people...Then they will have a forced delay on all content...
Why do they do it? Just to be trolls? Is this a common thing or does it just happen to Ice right now?
But, the Karma!!!
Aren't they going to need to get to the moon first?
Yay! Another thing I'll never see or use again!
True that.
By then end of season 3, I am pretty sure it will be considered one of the best TV shows of all time, assuming they don't jump the shark...
If only video game devs cared about their past games as much as their fans...
This would have come in handy 15 years ago..
Let's be honest here, it was his mom.
Agreed, everything just came together so nicely.
Love that blushed face
Nah, the Borg adapt quickly, they just throw cubes at the federation until "Transphasic torpedoes" are useless. 

If I remember correctly, in the books, they also create the "ship eating" cubes, that just run into ships and assimilate entire ships and crews at once, but the Borg defeat was only about 10 years out (nothing to do with federation tech). Just an unrelated ass-whooping from their origin species. (I think it counts as canon though)

I would love to see what happens to the Alpha Quadrant after all that new tech appears out of nowhere though... It would cause a lot of issues amount non-federation planets...
Upvoted for visibility. This is one of my all time favorite videos about time/space and the Earth's movement throughout the universe.
How do we know!? There is no proof!!!
"Limited Warranty"
Kira actually has a beautiful character arc, stop reading if you don't want a couple general spoilers, but throughout the entire series she effectively goes through the stages of:

Unrepentant terrorist

Repentant terrorist

Conscientious objector

Collaborator

Repentant terrorist

Teaching the people she used to terrorize to be terrorists

I find some of the characters I like the least (at first) in Star Trek, I end up liking the most over their full arc.
"Not dead" = "fine"

LOL
Also Polyjuice Prostitution.
I really hope one of our DLCs is to go back 100 years and play up to the events that put Link in suspended animation...

That way, we'll be able to see BotW's world before Calamity Ganon
As long as he said "No Slomo" before..
"What's the stupidest question you've ever voted to the front page?"
What, they can't jam the controllers under the headset strap?
Release on PC and build Duo right into the Android OS/Dialer

Win
Voting.
I have the exact same issue. :(
I've been telling my wife this for years, but she keeps making me wake up with her and the kids instead of sleeping an extra two hours. Help me!
Just give her a nice juicy horse steak and she'll be fine.

I'm sure it'll be well tenderized and aged since this dead horse has been kicked for a few days now.
I hope you can come up with a catchy and easily pronounced acronym, because I'm having issues. The full name will be hard to sell to the papers...
Master's thesis defence by day, masterbation causer by night.
True, they probably should have just written in a temporal retraction at the end of the series where the Xindi change something in time and it kills off their entire species or something... Then it would make sense that we never heard of them..
Aaaah that terrible sound, takes me back to grade-school.
The family is going to get bigger and bigger, every year...
You should make a new Reddit account with the account name "LinksYouTubeVideos" or something...LOL

I bet a "How to play piano" video starring Beethoven could make Moonlight Sonata look easy, it still wouldn't be without a lot of practice though, which is all my point was...
LOL, I'm not being a "negative cunt", just realistic. And it was really more of a joke than anything else.

When someone is an expert, they can make anything look easy. 

I know using lake of a skill as an excuse doesn't really work now-a-days, since with the internet you can learn to do anything... It's more about time really. Who wants to spend 4 hours round trip go to Costco with 3 whiny kids, then come home and butcher 3 weeks worth of chickens...?

Note: I was also thinking about using Bob Ross instead of Vincent Van Gogh, due mostly to his awesomeness.
Next up:

Painting is easy, by Vincent Van Gogh.

Logistically I know how to butcher a chicken, and after you butcher 10,000 of them, it's probably that easy. However it's semantics, the skill is only part of the problem. The time/effort to do that in everyday life isn't realistic, at least for me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2krXq8fw90
Same here. I'm down to about 220 now (a year ago I was 275), and a lot of people say that's fine. I think 200 or 190 should be good (I'm 6' tall).

Unless you're like 5'9" I wouldn't go down to 170 though, that's pretty damn thin.

This is Canada, we don't have guns. ;)

In all seriousness though, in Canada we have a really bad tendency to just accept things the way they are, and not fight for what we believe in. We just let the government milk us for everything we have, and we don't do anything about it, because "It could be worse".

We don't need to keep voting in our governments under the existing broken system, we literally need a revolution, but it won't ever happen...
Fuck yes it is.

I wouldn't even consider myself "poor", I make enough to support my family of five with a stay at home wife, but if we're LUCKY, we get by without going into more debt every month.

The stress from just that, leaves me with a never-ending feeling of dread in the pit of my stomach, and I am plagued by constant "what Ifs", It is exhausting just to exist.

I can't even imagine having another job on top of that, AND if my wife also had to work, so we would have to deal with daycare etc. and Costs of another car/insurance...It would probably take another 20 years off my life.
If you're eating boxed "jambalaya" and canned chicken, you're not eating healthy...You're getting cancer in 10 years... (Obviously not literally, but you know what I mean...Even if you're adding veggies to that mix)

The amount of salt in that diet must be VAST.
I think it's the ol' thinking about today, or thinking about this month approach. Sort term gain, long-term loss.

The "Poor People" we're talking about here are exhausted, they work too much, they're tired, they can't think about:

1.) Going to a grocery store and dealing with the hell of having screaming kids with you there

2.) Taking the groceries home, portioning them, freezing them etc.

3.) Cooking a large batch of something that when you cook, it's likely the kids will not eat because they don't like the taste, because you've been eating too much sugary, terrible food their entire life.

So, they do what's easy, and what their body is craving because they're addicted to it. They get fast food, instant gratification and get to the next day.

Also, life is easy when you're single... Simply having a SO and kids is a LOT more exhausting than you would think...

Source: I used to be single, now I have 3 kids, 5 or under and we "eat right" as much as we can, but it is NOT easy OR cheap.
Agree with GdoSmooth

15-20 minutes is nothing. Doesn't seem accurate.

Also, it's very easy to find one meal that one person likes and cook a very large portion of it, then eat that over longer periods of time. This tactic doesn't work when you're cooking for 5, and 3 of them are under 6 years old.

We spend $500-600 every 2-3 weeks at Costco and cook all our meals
TOS might be hard for you to get through (It is really cringey sometimes...It depends if that bothers you or not)

I needed to be a fan first, before I watched TOS... And you're almost ten years younger than me... TOS might test your resolve...

Personally, I would go:

TNG

DS9/VOY

TOS

ENT
Agreed, I always thought it was stupid that they were in an area of space I had never heard of, and the race that was causing so much impact was one I had never heard of...
It's ridiculous.

I can drive 15 minutes to get over the border, and I can buy a 30 case of OUR BEER (brewed and canned in my province) for less than one third what it costs at a local liquor store.

To think that beer has more taxes on it, because it is imported to the US....LOL
Wait until about halfway through the third season (I'm guessing that's when what I think will happen will happen...) It'll blow your mind.

Unless you've read the books, then you already know.
That's insane...

It literally, probably would be almost $100 for 100 nuggets here...
Fair enough.

How I feel is that I need to get away from it. However, I shouldn't need to...If you know what I mean..

Problem here is, in Canada there are really only major cities...All cities have the same issues. If you want to have a job, you must live near a city, if you live "near" a city (like within a 4 hour drive) prices are generally outside of reach. 

From what I have seen of real estate in the US, you can buy houses as little as 20-30 minutes away from a large city for less than a few hundred thousand dollars depending on the City, and some of these places are HUGE cities. (so, they should probably have jobs, depending on the industry/field of work of course)

Also, cost of living is minimal compared to here. (My whole family goes there often, the general prices are unfathomably low)

Obviously, there are a variety of other issues, However, today, as is, it's almost effectively impossible to be able to have a house within a reasonable distance to any city, anywhere in Canada and have a family.

Just a shitty deal is all I'm saying...

You would think something like buying chicken wouldn't/shouldn't break the bank.
Is the horse dead yet?
Will do! Thanks for the tip.
"Try not living where you do."

Good solution.

I live 190 KMs outside of Vancouver, houses in my area went up, over 200k in the last year.

200k! That's a 35 year mortgage right there, and that's just the increase in the last year.

That is not reasonable.

If the people living in your state/province can't afford to live, something is broken.
LOL, I was going to say something about how a meal at McDonalds is still $15.00 per person... 

When I go to the states (current exchange rate aside) it BLOWS MY MIND, that things exist that are $1.99 and $2.99... That's a bottle of something here...Not Beer though, of course, that would be minimum $6.00
Only if you try to change your phones fate.
She looks like a pissed off girlfriend that you're trying to make laugh, and is about to crack.
yeah, if I got a Costco "pack" of thighs that were bone out, it would be about $25.00 and that would be 2 meals for the family, bone-in, probably $20
Yeah...We get fucked in the ass up here on the prices of everything/taxes on everything...

Good times.
Yeah...Really thinking about ditching this sinking ship... People can't even afford to live here anymore...

No one in my generation owns a home, everyone is broke...

Time to head to the states! 
Canada... Everything is expensive here...

Specifically, in the Vancouver area, where you can't buy a 200 Square foot crackhouse for less than a Million dollars...
I buy from Costco.

There are no "packs of thighs" maybe it's different in Canada....? We have trays of breasts, trays of thighs, whole chickens, nothing frozen available.

If I had the time/skill to buy and butcher whole chickens I might do that, buy they're still expensive...
Where you live Chicken is cheap? It's ridiculously expensive here... Like $25 for a tray of chicken that feeds my family for 1 meal...
Confirmed, my work T420 has rounded keyboard edges, not the "new style" flat.
My dad died almost 20 years ago...

I still have his messages saved, I transfer them to every computer and keep them in the cloud as well.

It's hard to hear, but sometimes it's just what I need.
wouldn't want to hurt their feelings, they might be crushed under the weight...
Makes sense... In reading Dune, I am almost 100% sure GRRM is a fan too.
Imagine they tried to cram GoT into a movie...It would have been a flop too
Earliest searchable record of the picture is from a porn site in India from Sept. 8th, 2016

Otherwise it's just used by a bunch of fake accounts on twitter trying to sell things.
Probably me too, I just wish I didn't have to dish out over $1200 Canadian for the model I would buy...

:(
Didn't a lot of people predict this about Game of Thrones too?
I just started reading Dune (about half way through), and I am amazed how much it's like Game of Thrones. I always ignored it because the movie wasn't very impressive to me... 

I wish they made a TV Show similar to GoT that could do it the justice it deserves.
Solid logic, I like it!
Hold on to keys/cellphone with the power of a thousand suns when walking over elevator gap.
Pick up the phone to hear dial tone again... That way you know the phone isn't lying!
LOL, thanks for that. I have seen that before, but the first one also rings a bell for some reason... 

That trollol song though...
"US!... (Heavy breathing...)... a..."
Our fat people in Canada must be even fatter than...Nope, USA still wins!
As a Canadian who is kinda fat but kinda not, this is disgusting.
Yeah, "fat" used to be like 10-30 Lbs over, now that's normal, and "fat" is like 200 Lbs overweight...
The weirdest part about this, is that I feel I have seen this before...lol
Would. Even if it burned.
I mean....

I think bad writing made Anakin like this...

In episode IV, Obi Wan talked about his friend Anakin, Luke's dad, and you could tell by the writing and acting that he loved him like a brother... 

In the prequels, they hardly even liked each other, because Anakin was a poorly written, unrelatable, asshat of a human.

Who knows what was trying to be portrayed here... What you said...A person that was still young/unwise...or a homicidal maniac...Could be anything...
Oh, but it isn't

The joke was about the man being crushed.
And so was the car hood.
What was the B5 scene?
That's some sloppy work around the corners.
Lol, I'm going back..
I had to check the comments to verify it was the part I thought it was...

Am I the only one that never saw this because I respected her wishes?

LOL
I can't upvote this post or the top comments enough! Oh man.
Yet another reason to not buy your phone from the carrier.

As if we needed ANOTHER reason...
Mop needs nerf!
Hangouts is for business

Messanger is part of AOSP

Allo will be native non-AOSP messaging

Duo will be built into OS video calling

Fi is fine.
Man, I had a horrible time.

I felt the whole thing, it wasn't fun... It felt like that scene from The Cell where his intestines are being rolled out onto a spikey thing :(
Obviously fake.

They would all be on the phones and not even notice his "weird iPad"
I wish I knew how to have as much fun as women eating ice-cream in ads... :(
You do one trip, or you do five...

I started doing five when we started shopping at Costco...
If she made it in the door it still counts!
If the code is used, just contact support and they'll require proof that you own the game and give you a new key... Or at least that's what they used to do...
Wow, weird that I missed it...
Wait... Who sells moblin guts?
Well...I mean... Look at the truck...

Who cares if he hits the trees...?
Don't you feel like a battered housewife?

Sometimes you want to leave...Sometimes you do leave...

But you always go back...
As a side note, I wouldn't mind seeing the Chrono series on PC either...
I can get it from the Play store in Canada
Looks like Diablo
Yeah... I don't get it... It would probably take like 3 hours of porting effort to put 1 & 2 on PC...
Basically, there is always a guy with decorative weapons in a shop, and he is a 'blacksmith' he basically says something like: "If anything happens to that bring me xxx and I'll make a new one."
100% True. :(
"Everything is so small!"
"Everything is so small!"
We have enough Juggs
Can't it be both!?
I really hope he has a black friend with a great (albeit maybe in poor taste) sense of humour.
Now we just need a Back to the Future 3 Mod so we can go from modern times to western times.
I was just talking about this the other day lol.

You could basically just "sit back" and encourage humanity to destroy itself...When you are immortal...It doesn't matter how long something takes...even centuries is no big deal...

Get stronger, people get dumber, wait, wait, encourage little things here and there..
She's judging me for what I've seen!
If someone were to download an app called TagMo then Google something like "Amiibo binary downloads" they would also need "locked" and "fixed" keys...

All hypothetical of course...
True, but Android is high maintenance because of the diverse phone models and OS versions...hard to make them ALL work...

Apple forces people to upgrade, and makes their old models useless, so there aren't many devices to worry about.
I have 2 son's that will love it! (5 and 3) they love Mario but holding run, and a button to run faster AND jumping, is too much for them, I bet a runner will be perfect!
February is a short month...

Lol, who knows if that counts or not..
It's just a causality paradox...Doesn't matter if he subconsciously heard her or not:

She would love "The One"

Neo was not "The One" (even though he was going to be one day)

She fell in love with Neo

Neo is "The One"

It had to be true, so it was. (The same as the vase he knocks over)
If you have an Android phone and NFC tags, there are other ways to get the tunics ;) ;)

(I wouldn't even think of this is the SSB Link was purchasable from Nintendo for a reasonable price)
I wish we could craft arrows :(
LOL, make it like Apple care...

"We would really like to remove that bullet...Would you like to be vaccinated? Or shall we escort you out?"
Good. I hope to see a day where unvaccinated people are not allowed access to socialized systems. Schools, Hospitals, etc.
Well than, they need to allow backers to opt out or they need to get sued.
"If only we could figure out a way to make people keep buying the same games...Over and over again..."
Found OPs alternate Reddit account!
Just have to do the load, try again, repeat until you get the good stuff...Still takes days though...(to get the whole outfit)
"That's just my ringtone..."
Damn drunk kids must have stolen it and taken it for a joy ride...
Same issue...Started a few months ago...
Tell the local police, they will scare him.
Lol, with a hand grabbing it from the top right!?
I read somewhere That it gives back all the durability too... Haven't tried yet...Probably too good to be true.

Edit:

Thanks to the assholes who downvoted me...GFY
I live in Canada, that's pretty much my point...

I constantly hear Americans refer to their country in this way "best country on earth", "most prosperous", etc.

It just isn't true...But they all seem to say/think it..
2001 Here, The real millennium!

You people are old!
Can we really still say the USA is "the most prosperous country on Earth"? 

Doesn't almost every other first world country have the USA beat in almost every positive catagory?

This isn't the 1950s or even the 1980s anymore...
Well I guess he can enjoy the mouth herpes.
Ah yes...The late 1900s... 
I always thought that a Star Trek where every episode (or season) centered around a non-federation ship would be cool.

Klingon

Romulan

Breen

Dominion

Even Borg

I would make the show about correcting a massive shift (maybe something that led to the destruction of the federation) in the past. We get to see what the Alpha Quadrant would be like without the federation, like the mirror universe mixed with the Delta quadrant's wild west feel.
If nothing else, I'm excited for Intel to finally lower their prices. They have been milking it for too long.
blanket fog=slow down, move to the lane furthest right and put on hazards.
Yeah... the bowl on the top is going to need to be a LOT bigger...
I'll do the 7 points for the money up front, the girl and the movies and TV for good measure, then I'll just not stay in the basement...I already got the money...
I Love doing this!
Exactly. The majority of PC users aren't the "small-brained console fanboy types" that think that exclusives=better. (not to say all console users are like this, just the ones that these practices cater to) We just want everything on every platform...Every store...Selling in more places is better for companies too... Then it just becomes a race to have the best store/platform/customer service, then people will use yours/buy from you.

I want to play GTA, RDR, Halo, DOTA2, the Zelda: BotW, Mario, all on my PC with whatever control method is my favorite. 
Will you marry me!?

Well...I'm already married...

Will you marry my wife and I!? (She's cool too)
Pics or it'll never happen
Where's the link to the video? Can this be setup on KODI on a PC, or does it have to be through one of their boxes?

Thanks
I don't see a Timmy's coffee...
Her boobs getting bigger MADE her grades drop...
Cool if accurate.
For sure, but the updates will make the phone unusably slow after about 2 years.
He's just saying that to be nice. You're a bad person.
Hot dirt
It's not bad. I'm currently spamming Phoenix and have gone up around 500 MMR in the last couple weeks.

Level one egg is garbage though, and it's frustrating that it seems like everyone picks up blademail every game now...

Other than that, same rules apply, avoid your heroes that hit really fast and/or egg as far away from them as possible.
New dewt aboot it!
Fuck YOU!
25TIME

:)
Do you have any promo codes ;)   ???

I want to buy like 7...

But, I'm not as rich as I should be...LOL

Never mind! I found a 25% off one!

Thanks!
There are soooo many old school games I love, but even I am getting sick of buying the same game over and over again just to boost their revenue...

Reason 1 PC is the master race.
So, do we know we can't import any of our Wii/WiiU/Virtual console games into the switch? Will we have to buy them all again, or they don't exist? That's damn close to a deal breaker for me..
Wow! Look at Nintendo, giving us a power cord this time!
Don't have my Vive connected right now, but in the VR settings in steam VR, there is a "Mirror Audio" section, probably under the audio tab. I have used that for a similar issue.
I wanted a Zip drive soooo bad when I was a kid.
OR, "Wow, this place smells shockingly 'not like shit', I guess I'll drop my pants and take a shit here."
Is this the story of the flooding of Hyrule?
:(
Yes, true. Not being done when you expected to be done, is not making the progress you had hoped to...
Bubbles really let himself go..
Well, it probably has a driver that is different from any other computer in the market... So release an update for it that has spyware in it...
This should be considered rape IMO
Thought the game, characters, story, etc were terrible, visuals and music were top notch though.
Thanks! 

You look as good, or better than the model wearing it btw.
Can you provide a link please? I would love to get this for my wife.
Sinbad couldn't have secretly bought up ALL of them, he must have missed some!
Like a glove!
Where the hell is the "Game in most need of a sequel" Half-life award? I smell a cover up!
I had this issue because all the USB ports I had on my computer were incompatible...

I ended up buying this, and it worked:

http://secure1.ncix.com/products/?sku=110415
Yeah... It's two per year...Pretty crazy to think.

I guess enough people are watching for them to keep making them!
She finished this season of survivor already?
Need lights hung at my place too, let me know when you're heading over! Thanks!
Refrexion
I'm sorry but you failed to phrase your answer in the form of a question...
Depends on how formal they want to be.
Sounds good.

Yeah, if it was like $50 USD for each, I would probably buy all three, if it was $100 I might just buy one... definitely interested though...
Ran out of water right when he needed it, confirmed car wash. (that, and the car, being washed...)
So 100(ish)USD per sign, correct?
Yes, I guess the whole point is a re-usable space craft.
Would a pyramid shape not be much easier/safer to land? Not criticizing, just curious...
I hope the switch gives us our Wii and Wii-U V-console games natively... I'm not a fan of booting into another OS to play a game...
I'll be buying if the price is right!

I think the main problem would be shipping to Canada :/
I know how you feel :( I have sooooo many things I would love to create, but no way of actually making them happen...
Depending on the price I may buy 1 or all 3 of them :) I have a man cave that needs cool stuff
My guess is that It'll be called the "Apple Phone" within 2-3 generations... But it may hurt the branding...we'll see!
Would be cool to actually see these as neon signs.
Not when one of them is a baby...Because you're holding that one..
Kill all the others
Sometimes you have 3 kids, and one of them is a runner... You have two arms, this is what needs to be done...Sorry!
When she's away master reset it, when she asks tell her there must have been too many apps, and it "crashed". 
I like the one from "Honey, I shrunk the kids" better.
As someone blind in one eye most of my life now, I was curious what was going to win the race to give me two eyes back, biology or technology. This would be awesome, but I'd be happy with either!
Here's hoping he was just acting like that because he knew the majority of voters wanted that and maybe he isn't a total psychopath...??? 
Yes, It's what a LOT of people always said. Until it happened.
Yeah, we'll never get FFIX either.
Good for them for not taking some douchebags bullshit to heart!
No, stop! My wallet can't take anymore!
As soon as it was "Scanning Apps" and popping up in my notification bar, I was like, "See you later" and did the same.
The "Star Trek: Destiny" series is where I started. You follow a couple timelines all in one book series.

https://play.google.com/store/books/details/David_Mack_Star_Trek_Destiny_The_Complete_Saga?id=iDeHfF557k0C

It's fun because you get Enterprise E (Captain Picard) The Titan (Captain Riker) Some DS9 cast, and also some Enterprise timeline (NX class ship)

Personally, I couldn't put it down, and normally I'm not one for expanded universes.
No reason, the Borg are just a storm. They are part of existence in space.

If you read the books though, you get to find out the origin of the Borg, and how they are eventually defeated. (I thought it was pretty awesome)
My grandmother is turning 106 in a month (maybe) I'll just ask her...
Don't Ogre-do yourself.
flame
Sweet
Home
Looks great! I'll be buying it!
Isn't this just a current technique that is used to treat OCD/other obsessive behaviour?

Eg. Someone gets severe anxiety from worrying about what others think, so they make them do something really stupid for a long time to try to force them outside their comfort zone?
Looks like there is a picture hidden in the red
I want to see someone incorporate all the gtas and rdr into a back to the future game where you can go to any of the time periods.
I think your super cute and I like your eyebrows! To hell with that guy!
Isn't it just the worst!? Just give me a nice, lite driver with some software that I want to be as basic or advanced as I want.

Major con to having an AMD card is now gone.
Yeah, hopefully they get back to their one book per year thing. However, even 1 book per year and a half is fine too, as long as we get quality...Still, the entire series will start and finish before Game of Thrones...
Just finishing Nemesis right now... So excited!

I already have Babylon pre-ordered but I thought it was December...
So excited for the coming seasons...

So much left to see, I was afraid SyFy was going to cancel it..
Go on...
People stepping on lego.
That's a good temporary resolution (and a best practice as well really) But the issue should probably resolved anyways:

-Server checks to see if painting has changed in the last 5 minutes (maybe autosaves it)
-If no change in the last 5 minutes, add timer to kick after 25 minutes of additional idle time
Guess there will be a lot of DLC
Oh yeah, I saw that video years ago and have been following Johnny since...

Sadly, this way it doesn't work for more than one person at a time, but maybe there is a way to do it based on eye position...

Different perspectives per screen, per person, based on the polarization? You would still need more planes of polarization than horizontal and vertical though... I'm excited to see what people come up with as time goes on!
Oh I'm not wishing for it, I'm telling it how it is/will be.

If someone is masturbating somewhere they can be caught on camera, they deserve to be...LOL, maybe that's there thing!
Yeah, but covering your tracks means nothing if the database has more information than is should...
Not $1200 Canadian... That's for sure...
LOL, #bringbackthenexus
Classic... Can't wait for him to join the real world.
Yeah... i don't think it would be that hard, but I don't really know how to make applications and stuff... No time like the present, but as a guy working full time with 3 kids it's too late...LOL

I got lots of ideas, but no time/ability to make them happen.

Curse being in your 30s!
Yeah... After a few bad experiences with companies like Sammy and Moto, I only buy Nexus' now
Looked at your post history, found him, checked his post history...

He is toxic AF

One day, there will be a database people can look at, and see all of the online aliases of someone they are curious about, and check their post history... There is going to be a LOT of embarrassed people...
Ecosystem, Ecosystem, Ecosystem.

I can't go back to iPhone (I had an iPhone 1, 2, and 3gs years ago)

It was almost impossible to get away from them.

Also, I will NOT deal with a company that acts as though I am renting the hardware from them, I bought it Apple, you can't tell me what I can and can't do with it!

Those, and many other "small" issues are why I personally will never go back.
1.) Be a billionaire

2.) Replace all windows in house with switchable windows/OLED displays

3.) Write an application that takes ridiculously high resolution 360 degree images/videos and properly overlays them on all windows

4.) Have windows that can look like I am anywhere...Dubai, NYC, Cloud City, Under water...


Now to start working on step 1...
We don't have to worry about things that will happen in billions upon billions of years...At least that's what I tell myself...
Whomever steps on the surface first ones the other a barrel of bloodwine!
Nah, it'll be 7.1 features...

They specifically said "First on pixel"
"working as designed."
Same thing happened to me.
Mr. Lahey?
Apparently dead movie series keep telling tales' though...
Insert random comen..ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Yeah, seems like it may be a battery pack belt or something...
Must...Test...Waitress'...Definition...Of...Ho..Ouch!
Spoiler alert,

In the future we will all find out that I'm a faceless man.
I think I had it stop working/not work as well after doing an update once... Just needed to remove and re-add
I thought it was going to be a strip club for a second...
Jokes on you, I continue to eat hot pizza and burn the roof of my mouth over and over again!

HA!
Doesn't seem any slower than when I got the phone... I have had it since it came out..
Fine here, but I added the same finger like 6 times...all different parts of it.
Give one type of English person enough to drink and they become the other type of English person.
I do this to my wife every time there is truck being towed. 

Especially since every time I drive, she is sleeping...
Try Dota
It would be nice if, when they stop maintaining it, they had to open it up to the client side... But that may create a whole other set of issues..
The evil boat from the movie Cars 2?
I agree. Excuses should not be made.

Games and servers should be maintained, especially if they are re-selling the game today, and making money on it.

If multiplayer is an advertised feature, even today, it should be illegal to call what is currently being provided as "Multiplayer", as it is effectively unplayable.

If R* has to contract out the servers/work because they can't provide it, then so be it. It should be considered a deliverable that needs to be provided by them until the death of the game.
Fair enough... All of that was mentioned..

There was definitely some reasons that the size was mentioned, head was kept, and only skull was sent. Seems to check out
Well they do mention that some of the dwarfs have "unusually large heads" so it's plausible, but you would think "The Mountain"'s head would be a little past "unusually large" that's at least my take on it.
Depends on what we consider "a wight", in a lot of ways, he is effectively the same...But the link/affinity to/for snow doesn't seem to be there, at very least... So if that's what makes an undead a wight, than no, he isn't one.

I would say they're very similar and there maybe some shared lore there, but Qyburn has probably made a "Poor Man's wight" of sorts. As his knowledge/the knowledge of man in general is nowhere near what the children had/have.
Pretty sure "The Mountain"'s skull couldn't be substituted with a dwarf skull...Just sayin'

I always assumed that he sent back the real head, and it was a different head on The Mountain's body, or maybe sent back The Mountains skull, but he kept the rest of the head...? Built a new skull or something?

It's just him in the show because of logistical reasons maybe, like casting?
Yeah, those features should be more readily available.
Apple Pay, obviously!
Finally!

Next on the chopping block:

-iProducts (All Products will now be branded "Apple xyz"

-Thunderbolt connector (No connector>Any connector)

AND from now on, all Apple Products will be...:

-Circles! That's right, you heard me! Look around, all you see are rectangular devices... Not anymore! From now on, every Apple device you see will be "Bidimensional Sphere".
and the sound fresh
Seems to me that a lot of people that jump ship from iPhone go to Samsung (makes sense, they are pretty phones, higher-end if you want as well, and I consider Samsung to be effectively "the Apple of Android" if you know what I mean...)

Sometimes due to the way Samsung is, people think "All Android phones are slow and crappy and have bad batteries" or whatever... But a lot of the time: 

A.) They are installing garbage/overusing unnecessary widgets

B.) Samsung Touchwhiz/bloatware adds only negatives to the Android operating system.

Given, I've not used touchwhiz since my Note 2, so it may be better now, but from what I've personally witnessed, a less feature rich, "pure" Android experience (Nexus/..Pixel..?) is a better/faster/smoother/more efficient Android experience.
Doesn't everyone that owns an iPhone have a folder somewhere full of apps they don't use?
If only there was a type of phone/OS designed with your choice/ability to customize your experience in mind... And less about making every single persons experience what a certain company believes is the best experience...

JKJK, just a joke bro, no flamewar!
"Yo quiero taco bell?"
"Noise canceling gel"
Wow, he was born in the summer, eh?
All the soda drinkers died of diabetes.
Something to do with the Triforce.
Wow! Crazy!
I'm waiting a year, Steam summer sale 2017, it'll probably be $4.99 LOL
Everyone watch the after credits scene?
I went in not expecting much, but personally, other than the sub par voice acting/scripting, I thought it was actually quite good.
Replace the word "content" with the word "money" in your sentence.

A product should be finished before they start releasing paid content. This is ridiculous and pathetic and should actually be illegal. I'll have no part of it.
Sadly we live in a world were devs would rather work on content than polishing, that way they can make more money...Pretty pathetic.

I for one will now never play Ark again, on principal 
Playing with shitty players makes you better, just don't buy into the toxic bullshit. 

When someone starts flaming, mute them right away with no fight and treat them like every other player in the game. Always buy wards even if your not playing support, you'll get back up in no time.
Potatoes work too
Are they not magnetic?
LOL, yeah... It would be nice if they all meant something... But sadly, it's probably just a random 'Klingon Prop #xyz" 

We can assume that it's a symbol for the house of Gowron or similar if you like... I'd back that up
LOL
Martok calls Worf sentimental...It'll be whatever episode Worf joins the house of Martok in DS9


Edit: Not the one with Martok's wife and all the trials or whatever, but the one where Worf joins the house of Martok.

Edit2: Maybe "Soldiers of the Empire"...?
Yeah... I wonder if they got it in NY or South America...
LOL, why the butthurt? Don't agree? That's fine, chill out.

Do you really want to start counting pots and pans about things you can and can't do that are and aren't in Rust? This is NOT real life, it's a game.

Edit: Personally, I think some kind of reputation system would add to the game... Hell, you can always make it a server side option that can be turned off...
Nicely done!

Do you think the RPM of the drive could be increased with the addition of speed holes?
Now do it with dickbutt!
Nature is beautiful AND disgusting! Wow!
I'd be choked if they were to release another soon... 
Yup... That's every moment when you have three kids...
All I keep seeing are more and more reasons to wait for the "Game of the year" addition... Hopefully I can hold out...

I've waited over 10 years, what's another!?
Yeah, that's my plan.
dang
Let's all ignore this garbage, but buy on Bluray so they know we love Trek, but won't pay for inferior streaming services.
Keep buying land around Richmond...Wait...Lakefront property one day!
Any way to add a ceiling height to this? There is one section of my room that the ceiling is lower because of my HVAC trunk vent.

Good work.

Thanks
Integrating Duo into the phone dialer would be a cool step too. Once it is preinstalled on every phone, you could easily just have a button to video call a person using the app.
Can't help but think of my little boys when I see this... Very sad.
Make it so the chance of disease exponentially goes up as the number of players always in proximity to each other goes up (2-5 players together 5% chance/tick, 5-10 20% chance/tick, 10-20 50% chance/tick... You would also have to make it pass through re-spawn and spread to sleepers/bags... Until those people are separated from each other for x amount of time...

I think it would probably just create sub-clans inside large clans though...Hard to say.
A reputation/title system would be nice too. Ultima Online did it well.

You start with a good status (Blue) and if you perform an action considered "Bad" or whatever (hurting another "Blue" player, raiding, going into certain areas, looting something you didn't kill, opening a box that isn't yours, etc.), your status changes to Grey (you flag yourself as vulnerable) at which point, anyone can hurt/kill you without retribution/title and status changing. Moreover, if you hurt or kill multiple players who's status' are currently Blue, then your status turns Red (Permanently flagged for x amount of time, and the reputation of a murderer/not to be trusted)... Maybe when people sleep they are also grey...Maybe they are blue...It could easily be adjusted/played with...Maybe there could even be a way to work off the "Red" flag by doing a certain task in game...

This would also help if we ever want a trade system, because people will not want to be grey or red if they ever want to trade...Because no one will trust them, AND they are vulnerable  to attack...
"...my work of doing software stuff" 

I lol'd
If I haven't played Skyrim before but own it and have been planning on playing it forever...Would it be better to play the first time with this mod, or play vanilla the first time?
Expected it to keep rotating until it revealed dickbutt...
It's $97 dollars..?
And within one generation it'll be the opposite...
I am also a  fan of the "X" it seems counter-intuitive to have a phone called "Nexus" and a "G" on the back... that would just confuse the ignorant... If anything they want to increase their user base...You would think "G-Phone" or "Google Phone" would do that.
I have actually be expecting a re-brand to "Apple Phone" any time now... But it still hasn't happened yet, so who knows... Seems like all the new products are "Apple x" though.
I watched first, found the book a little boring until maybe about halfway through (just after the TV season ends), then I couldn't stop, and the ending of book 1 was one of the craziest things I ever read... I think I was in shock for a couple days...
I'm down.

Give me a great "Nexus" or "whatever" phone with excellent build quality and upper high-end specs and I'll buy that... Don't really care who makes it...I just want a good phone to last 1-2 years.
Could be Pixel... 

It also seems like a bit of a contradiction that they would rename them but also release a "Nexus Launcher"... Maybe that is all that will be left of the "Nexus" name?
Exactly, it seems very odd that it doesn't say Nexus on the back... And it isn't like the image is not finished... Otherwise the "G" wouldn't be there...
Remember to replace it, take a picture, post it and cash in on sweet sweet karma...
Surprising to me that no one is mentioning that these are probably not going to be called "Nexus" phones... The mock-ups don't have Nexus on them, just a "G" and the EvLeaks tweet would mean he knows that...

I am betting on Google Phone, or G-Phone
Sooooo... "We were going to add it later, and were hoping no one would notice until we did..."
Bet it was a prank because the pollution in Rio.
Crazy how we live in a world where doing the proper thing is so unexpected.
Who the fuck downvotes a legitimate question?
Give it an extra 5-10 minutes in there so it comes out feeling toasty :)
In Vancouver it would be worth 2 Million.
So, how do we get a recall on these and get new adapters sent out to us?
This whole side of the planet is America... North, Central and South.
Awesome Wil, this is also one of my dreams, but it probably won't ever happen! LOL.
But where does he live!?
Thanks, just bought the black one.
I was thinking that too, we need someone to add the terminator music from that scene to this...
You should have seen what they made when they found my fleshlight...
Make it 600% please.

k, thanks
Everyone tell them we want their full catalog in Steam!
Are there banana hangers that look awesome like the on in this photo?
What's the stand you are using? I can't find a decent one that isn't a million dollars...
The question is why it was ever allowed to get in that state...
"Crack shot" I think it was called (I know I could just Google it, but sometimes I like to use my memory...lol)
He would have figured it out eventually, according to the other Quinn, he was just making it quicker for him.

Hey, I've got an idea, if you are going to slide to other universes, maybe you want a memory cache on the damn Motorola flip phone looking device. .
No in the last episode is:


***Spoiler***

They get told if they slide again, they die on a world where they are celebrities because the people have been watching them since they started sliding somehow...So some of them slide and some don't...and you don't see what happens...

The last season was terrible...
Zing
Reminds me of back to the future.
When people say things that no one would ever say in real life.
The batteries are always dead in mine :(
The guy who searches the comments and replies to another comment with effectively, but not exactly the same comment.
Last hits
Poorly
It isn't awful.

It's one of the most rewarding things you'll ever do in life. However, when you look back to your 20s and remember how simple life was, when you could literally just get up and go anywhere, anytime, and basically do anything you want, you miss it.
Came here to say this...

Don't prank someone when they are using a sharp knife...especially so near their fingers...
Do it again in 10 years when you have kids and you realize how awesome school/life just after is/was
They even teased this forever ago.
Yeah, me too... Looks Pre-TOS though :(

Never know though!

I wanted a temporal ship... Then you could have cameos and go to famous events throughout time.
There may have also be an incident or incidences that caused the Romulans to have a reason to not want the federation to have cloaking devices pre-treaty...
Smoking.
Would this benefit from motion blur, or something else that would make the transition between movements smoother?

Edit: Right now it looks kind of like Myst or something similar.
Can we just get options where we set the max ping of the players we are playing with?
His comments were normal until yesterday...
I started reading the books because I was so impressed...Season 2 and/or 3 (end of book 1) is going to blow your mind... I'm so excited for it.
Maybe it is just being polite, I see white people doing that to all Asians all the time...they don't even need to be Japanese...
Got it on my N6...but not my 6p... 😞
"People are really into zombies lately, but it's getting a little stale..."

"Oh! Oh! I know! One word. Mummies"

"Bingo!"
I just love the atmosphere, and the long shots that feel more like a live play than a movie... The story is nothing special and has been done before.
Yoshi-mon Go
Did you give the gentleman the smokes and booze he requested?
Not on Steam?

Pass
How ~~people~~ Americans think WW2 was.

And the T-rex should be smaller and way at the back...
You mean other than it being physically smaller?
Chrome remote desktop from your phone.
+1
Io Player here, l'll buy the hell out of it.
Investment/money laundering and tax write-offs
Doesn't say "Nexus" on it could we be looking at a re-brand to something like "Google Phone" or something?
One of my sons loves Captain America and Minions... This makes me beyond sad :(
New Mr. Ed Movie confirmed?
> PFSense box.

Thanks for the quick reply, a couple questions:

1.)What do you mean by devices that can do 3 streams?

Hard wiring is not an issue, basically I have a 24 port Gigabit switch, and ran CAT6 to almost all rooms in the house.

2.) Any advice on where to start on a PFSense box?

Thanks again!
More like:

"Replace your toilet paper The Michael J. Fox way"
Totally seems like something humanity would be capable of knowing...
We need to be able to change the title and add a sort title. Like in Plex Media Server.
There goes his chance of winning the lottery.
Put it on Steam, I'll buy it ^^^On ^^^Sale

Leave it in the Windows Store, I'll never buy it.
Now we just need a Zelda game where you can play in multiple time periods, and the graphic style reflects what time period you are in.
Yeah, Nintendo totally always meets their Zelda launch dates :P

JK though, I am really hopeful that this is accurate!

When I was watching I kept thinking how polished and almost done the game looked...
Do it, break down the walls.
"roommate", "her dryer"...

Does not compute... Should it not be a shared dryer, and therefore also your responsibility to check and change the trap?
I miss RDR and want to buy/replay it again on PC
So....They know that they are an asshole when they knock my cup of water of my bedside table...?
LOL.

It does look pretty rusty... We might need some smiths to take a look at it...Link to the past style.
I hope it really only impacts early game...
I am thinking the "Sheikah Slate" is basically the Nintendo NX, or close to it. (It looks like it has NFC)

The 'old man' kind of looks like Ganondorf...

Are we going to have some sort of time-shift or dimensional shift that brings the stone robots back to life?

Also, "temple of resurrection"...Is Link a clone? When he dies, does he always re-appear there..?
"Actor won't burn bridge."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIMBKmgCe1o
And the artistic style of Twilight Princess mixed in there too.
A Link to the Past!
I was guessing 2025, LOL
I was expecting more comments about that...
Exactly!

They aren't reading through the books spending hundreds of hours highlighting their favourite/most important parts, months in advance of the script adaptations, and going over it and over it...

It seems like, they know all the MAJOR plot points, and they are just making up a bunch of stuff in between, it feels rushed and without direction.
I also thought of Terminator...

Seems without proper reference/source material the writing in the last season (maybe even the last two seasons) has dropped in quality pretty significantly...

My wife is still enjoying it though. (She hasn't read the books)...
I always guessed Cars two was initially intended to be a spin off called "Spy Cars" or something, and it wasn't working out, so they basically made one of the characters Mater and threw in some scenes to poorly tie it to Cars...That's how it felt anyways...
Yes, also my Final Fantasy order...
It was meant as a joke more than anything, because it's harder to aim with controllers.
They must have designed it for cross-platform play with consoles...
Probably both for efficiency's sake.
Get out of that house ASAP, only an unstable individual would do things like that.
It just naturally happens.
100% a Link to the Past.

When my kids are old enough, this will be the LoZ I introduce them too.
They were there, farming gold.