Big Kimya + Aes supporter. I would love a second album.

OP, you have a clear fork in the road; listen to Uncluded or don't and potentially miss out on some great tracks. You know where to find them, sample some and make your decisions.
"I'll do it, Karen! I'll fucking drown myself if you don't go BACK to the store and get the GOOD food! You never loved-- SPLOSH" - Angsty teen bath cat, probably
Good but there's unofficial finishing grinders for cheaper that do the exact same thing. Where I bought my MFLB the finishing grinder was prohibitively expensive.
Hi, we don't allow discussion of hacks on this subreddit. Please keep that in mind, thanks!
All this hate, I quite like the final product.
What's the deal with Servicenow? I think the company I work for will be transitioning from VSM to Servicenow or one of its big competitors in the next 6 months..
Sent you a PM ðŸ‘
How cool would that be though.
This sub doesn't allow the discussion of console modding or game backups so I have locked this post.
Why would to send me to XDA to send me back to Reddit....
What saltiness is this? Genuinely interested.
Nice hoodie dude.

Nice cat balls.
Android is about having options. In this case, the option to change a minor cosmetic detail on an otherwise great phone to suit your liking.
Reminds me a lot of Yoshida Brothers - [Storm](https://youtu.be/wx8BVGHMiC0).

Juno Reactor is similar as well: [Pistolero](https://youtu.be/wZqNUo6y52Q), [Masters of the Universe](https://youtu.be/ro2Tn_vfj8M).
Same, solid grinder.
The wrapper itself peeled off pretty easily though not in one piece. 

The glue underneath was a bit of trouble but I used isopropyl alcohol, a few cotton pads and a fair bit of elbow grease after advice from a Reddit post.
Bye Pet City.
See rule 1. Removed.
/r/puppiesfuckingdying
Doesn't look like this one flies, does it?
Definitely just skipped to the end. Didn't wait for it.

Fight me.
Your UI has given me inspiration for my Brewmaster, thanks for sharing!
Aachen is in Germany and his name is Felix. 

No ones jumping to any rash conclusions here.
"Don't wanna sound like a dick.." but I'm gonna give it my best shot!
Bad bot.
STOP READING NOW.
Front three rows are splash zones
MR SPARKLE!
A well respected uncle suddenly shown in a disturbing light. That's what I think when I see BBC as well.
They're using them correctly. I don't see this as an issue.
If you're buying you may want boring.
That's interesting, you can display 'Vine Loops' on your Twitter profile. I thought that Vine had been shut down?
Maybe Boost blocks shitposting now.
Don't buy in Leeds, it's all a bit crimey. Buy outside and commute in.
I was more disgusted by the Dutch translation of Reddit.

'geplaatst op 1 dag geleden door' wtf.
I was gonna say the same but don't clean it! Heat some milk in a pan with the stem in, let the milk cool a little then drink.
Amazon have responded by bringing Firefox and Silk browsers to FireTV which allows for the exact same YouTube experience on the FireTV as before.
Amazon had started to carry the Chromecast devices in response to this. Google decided to push Amazon into a corner anyway. 

Not a fan of either company at this point.
What's the app you use? 
Love the style, thank you for drawing us! 
Thanks! This was a great read (and I'm glad I'm not the only one who does not like the sad horse show). 
Holy crap, that upscale is impressive. 
The highest res I have (from a wallpaper app) - the original isn't black, the one you posted has been (poorly) altered. 

https://imgur.com/pP7BMyR
When will this be available on Spotify? I've noticed these are a bit slow to come out unfortunately. 
New-ish sports bar which may be showing the game: https://leeds-list.com/food-and-drink/7-reasons-why-live-bar-is-about-to-become-your-go-to-sports-bar/
Off topic, is there a website where you can make infographics such as the one in your post, or did you make this from scratch? 
Does anyone know the backstory to this video? 
I think the point from a non technically minded or security conscious person is why bother? You obviously have very strong feelings about making your communications secure, but the average user does not care. All they care about is which messenger app their friends use and because those apps don't become default SMS clients, will barely text at all. 

I've stopped trying to convert friends to the latest and greatest, mostly because I'm tired of being "that guy", so I stick to Whatsapp and Messenger. Like past messenger apps, Signal will not remain installed for long. (I am testing it) 
Both. 
Why are you like this. 
Dog knows you're imminent. Still human + shit on the floor. 
Mate, I'm level 32 and the prospect of having to grind another ten levels to beat Tatooine 4L is depressing. This game started off fun but playing F2P is frustrating. 
Â£50,000 worth of server equipment. Colleague told me not to drop it.
[[Mother's Milk]]
I've had someone sit next to me when there are double seats available, boxing me in.

You're damn straight I asked to get by and sat right in front of him on the free seats. 

What lunacy.
I completely agree, SwiftKey has always been a bit off with corrections for me, especially when using Flow (or swipe). Gboard seems really nice so far.
Where's the Saiyan gif? 
You would be better off asking in the XDA thread
Soooo, source?
Might be early but does anyone have a recommendation for this season's anime? Not sure where to start!
Instead of living in the past, id rather have something brand new.
A whole week.. Oh no. 
Well, I'll be waiting a month or two before buying. No doubt NMS will be available for pretty cheap around then. 
Okami Haute Mocha, loving the Okami range. 
I might be shot down here, but have you tried with a new USB stick that doesn't already have its drivers installed on the local machine? I've noticed with GP that it will deny the ability to install the USB drivers, but not necessarily deny access to said drive if the drivers are already installed. 

I feel the above might depend on how the GP has been set up. 
How are you liking McAfee? I've honestly not heard much about them for years. 

And cheers, I'll be sure to sub to /r/sysadmin as well!
No fluff is preferred, thanks for the suggestion! I've saved this for later reading. 
Thanks! Ours is Kaspersky, not most people's first choice but I'm not sure we had any say in it from the beginning. 
I always thought it was a missed opportunity to have these civilian interactions not be a sort of mini-event similar to those in Red Dead Redemption. 

"Break up the civ fight" "Save the civ" etc
It appears to have saved when I go to another app. Very strange. 
That's weird because my battery life with CM13 nightly is so much worse. I can barely get to the end of the day now, and that's with not using my phone for 10 hours during work. 
Lifesaver, thanks for the link!
Don't add new features without addressing performance first.
Also the Watch Later list has to reload every time you remove something. This wouldn't be as bad if there was a one-tap solution to removing a video.

Edit: This has been fixed recently. Woohoo! 
Do we know this for sure? I've heard nothing about single player dlc for GTAV.
Great news that Rockstar is finally adding heists, but I would have much rather had some single-player DLC. The GTAIV DLC was some of the best.
I like that my morning commute takes me along the Headrow so I can witness the progress on an almost daily basis.
Do you know how that would work with ride sharing? Say 3 or 4 people each paying a portion for the whole trip.
Aww, Bear does sound lovely indeed. 

My dwarf lop can be a sweetheart when she wants to be but she can also be a massive butt-head. I have it well compared to some rabbits I've seen, though.
Brilliant idea for a giveaway! Putting my name down!
As a rabbit owner I will happily confirm to anyone who asks that rabbits can be dicks. More so than most animals I've handled in my lifetime.
What worries me most is that the post has over a thousand Tumbles.
Cheers for the write-up, I've sent you a PM :)
Appreciate the reviews! I was planning on buying some Bombies for the first time tomorrow so this has definitely influenced which flavours I'll be experimenting with first. Problem is, they all sound so tasty!

May I ask what set up you were running with these? RDA or RBA or tank, etc.
In what way?

From the candid pictures she posts on her Twitter this looks to be the real deal.
I'll give that a try next time I refill mine, thank you. I guess I've always been worried about leakages but I'm more worried about never being able to open the damn thing again.
Mine used to do the same thing and it really hurt my initial week with it. What fixed it for me was to switch out the coil that came already attached with the spare you get in the box. No gurgling since.
Good shout, hadn't thought of those! 
I didn't realise the original trailer needed fixing until I watched this. Well done!
Same here, sitting atop an MVP 2. Upgraded from a Kanger Evod and it's a world of difference.
Staring worriedly at mine now. Only had it for a month and the death grip I have to put on it to unscrew the base... needless to say I'll use a cloth in case it shatters into my hand.

Edit: Just had to refill mine and hands feel like hell. Honestly the only downside of the Naut Mini in my book.
I had the same problem with Nannerbear and was very disappointed by the tobacco flavour. But apparently it doesn't say it contains any tobacco flavouring other than a "hint."
So, what you're saying is when you have a job you love you don't need to be polite to people any more and can tell them off over the internet and rub your brilliant success story in their faces.

Sounds fair.
While volunteering you're still entitled to jobseeker's allowance. I have no idea what the going rate for apprenticeships are but I hear it's pretty awful.
Gorgeous update and all the features.. I don't remember Reddit News being this robust!

One question: would you be willing to add a way to quickly hide or up/downvote a post from the frontpage/subreddit? I don't like to read everything on my front page and if I'm not going to read it I'd like to get it out of sight.

Swiping left then tapping hide works but that extra tap makes the Reddit experience a little slower than on some other Reddit apps.

Edit: Also seeing some inconsistencies with hiding posts. If I hide them (swipe left, tap hide) they may or may not be hidden on the main Reddit website.
Awesome! In for another chance!
> Can't blame reddit for being reddit

Yes you can, and should. Shame reddit into taking a look at their own massive man titties.
Thanks, I'll give it a watch!
[Need some silver on this inception-train](http://i.imgur.com/qxhUpnV.jpg)! 
Link me: LINE Camera

Don't be put off that it's LINE -- it has taken some really awesome pictures and the filter enhance the photo rather than "Instagram" them.
I noticed my Twitter feed exploded (one person) with hate at that episode of had to do a quick search. I honestly wouldn't have seen it as a problem if Twitter hadn't told me I should be outraged by this. I blame the fact that I'm white and entitled as fuck.
Didn't anyone see the recent episode of Doctor Who where they had a poncho and a cactus on-board the Mexican base on the moon? Mini-shitstorm ensued from people claiming racism.
Satisfying until you try and get one out. Then it's shake furiously and slam the pack against your desk until one dislodges.
I saw the pilot a couple of months ago; can anyone tell me if there were any edits done to the pilot before the air-date? The version I saw seemed a little rough around the edges in some parts so I was just curious.
Awesome idea but you wouldn't catch me sticking random stuff I got from strangers in my open ports.
Do you know of anywhere I could read about Gamergate that isn't biased? 

Genuine question because I'm staying well away from this shitstorm but I'd still like to know why every one I know is so outraged one way or another.
Appreciate the warning! I'll go in my best tie-dye shirt.
Got some unexpected vape-mail today from Colonel Boom! Heard some good things about this UK-based e-liquid and their supplier (PlumeBlu) sent me a free bag of Haribo. It's like they know me already.

[http://i.imgur.com/beW2SHM.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/beW2SHM.jpg) -- Trying [Comino](http://allthejuices.com/juice/colonel-boom-comino) and [Ceasefire](http://allthejuices.com/juice/colonel-boom-ceasefire) first.

First time getting a freebie from a company and even though it's a small bag of sweets, it was a pleasant surprise.
I hadn't heard of Dr Herman's before, I'll have to check them out next time I'm in town!
Cheers!
That's a really unique and awesome mod.
Sweet skin on the MVP! Mind linking where you got it from? Looking for something similar on mine :)
Wonderful contest!
The concept sounds great. I'm forever searching for free Wifi in Leeds to keep from using my data connection. I may throw caution to the wind and give it a shot.
The reviews don't look favourable for that app.
As a Horde main, Alliance got the best looking models imo. Looking great!
Why are so many people being argumentative about this guide? I feel your guidelines for this post were pretty simple: soloable, doesn't cost you a penny, easy to farm.

Appreciate the post! Nice to see someone post something informative.
Was this for a special occasion or is that just a regular thing you like to whip up? Either way, I wonder if it's too late in my life to be adopted by you.
A bit, but my EVOD was belting out some decent vapour on its own with my all-day juices. Most of mine are 60% PG / 40% VG. I'll have to give some Max VG a try and see how they perform.
The taste has definitely improved and the ability to tweak the voltage and wattage depending on the juice I'm using is pretty nice. I'm by no means an expert on what voltage to use so I usually go by taste.

The Nautilus Mini is a very good little tank as well. Coming from the EVOD I have only that to compare it to, but having variable airflow just adds more for me to mess with. The Nautilus is also so much easier to refill since you can get the little nozzle right in there so I don't have the problem with thicker juices trickling through the air pipe when I'm filling it.
Vape mail! Upgraded from my Kanger EVOD to an MVP2 and a Nautilus Mini, all thanks to /r/electronic_cigarette recommendations.

[http://i.imgur.com/L6aHwlW.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/L6aHwlW.jpg) 

Put in a little Squid Ink by Kraken to test drive, holy moley what a difference in taste from my old setup! [http://i.imgur.com/tFu2skp.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/tFu2skp.jpg)
Sounds great. Ordered myself a Strawberry Milkshake to try!

Edit: Received my order today. Not bad for a fledgling company! What can I say, it tastes like Strawberry Milkshake. Not too sweet either which I prefer.
I just tried Squid Ink the other day and it's very nice indeed. Has a tiny bit of a sherbert after-taste; definitely an all-day vape for me. Minion Farts by Kraken is great too, if you like banana with a bit of custard after-taste. Both very smooth vapes.
> Slug Mod clone

Brilliant, thanks! Looking to upgrade from my EVOD at some point and this looks gorgeous.
What's the box? Looks amazing!
Nice job! What's the cloak called?
That would be a great feature. Many thanks for considering our plight. :)
Cheers, I'll give it a whirl until something is sorted with Reddit Sync.
That would be great. Can you set AVG to clean the cache on a daily or even 6 hourly basis?
According to /u/ljdawson the cache clears itself after a while, maybe that's why yours is quite low. 
I'm from the UK and it's quite normal to serve soup and a full or half sandwich.
What was the source on this? I remember someone saying it was from a film.
Sounds cool, good luck to everyone!
Two hours every week to get ten of each sigil? Maybe if those two hours are sitting in the LFR queue waiting for the chance to get them.

Once you get past the RNG maybe.
You're quoting Game of Thrones. This conversation isn't about maturity anymore.
You can't please everyone. Getting complaints is part and parcel of volunteering your time as a moderator. 

It's the suckiest part, I'm well aware.
Ah, fair enough! I wasn't aware.
WHY ARE WE SHOUTING? ALSO IS THIS A JOKE?
10 part OVA? Isn't that just a series?
Very pointy face to be a Rottweiler. Probably a mix.
Ah you're right there, I'll definitely miss the machine-gun-like effect.
How does one become a professional 25 year old? Sounds like a pretty sweet gig.
Agreed! The effect of rock spikes forming from the ground and smacking into the target is one of the best spell animations I've ever seen in WoW.
Riskiest of clicks.
Still no Chromecast support for Twitch. Don't know what you're talking about.
You won't hear any complaints from me. 

However, removing posts because they're deemed by arbitrary rules to "not [be] typically British" problems is a slippery slope. I'll go to a serious subreddit if I want to hear meta complaints about the type of content posted, ad nauseam.
Policing a mostly tongue in cheek joke subreddit. That's tons of fun.

Hows about downvote if you feel it doesn't belong instead.
Ah yes, the ol' /r/gonewild
"Fuck off, Bufkin."
Macro Blood Tap to Frost Strike or Obliterate and forget all about step 3.
> my mates at work

Uhh, can we get a confirmation from some guy down the pub and Ol' Scruffyneck who lives in the local park?
So glad we have transmog this time around.
Subtext: **OP'S DICK GON' GET CHEWED UP.**
Cause you totally stood a chance otherwise.
Maybe the new 2MB size limit on GIFs will make for some higher quality offerings from Tumblr. 

Yeah, probably asking too much.
Wild but he's young and confused. I do hope he found his mother or was able to rescue the little thing.
A lot of the best cartoons have references that only adults will get, probably to make it bearable for adults to sit with their kids and watch it.

Personally though, I prefer the jokes/references to be a bit more subtle than in Justice League. Sure, kids aren't going to get these jokes so they're safe there, but the jokes aren't very subtle when you're older. 

It might be an unpopular opinion but the jokes that can even go over an adults head tickle me the most when re-watching old shows. It shows that the writers actually made the effort for the jokes.
You're a legend! Nice find!
Is the original teaser available anywhere? Did a quick Youtube search but all I could find was news reporting on the teaser.
Thanks random person for your personal recommendation.
All of these are amazing but I love the "Gallery Mode for Browsing" suggestion most of all. Baconreader has a similar option and it makes browsing a single, image-heavy subreddit a breeze. 

I sincerely hope /u/ljdawson implements this function. All of these in fact.
Does this impact the regular cards view at all? I quite like having big thumbnails.
> The only thing is you still have the occasional ad, which I found to be pretty reasonable at about every 8-10 songs 

That sounds very reasonable indeed. Thanks for the heads-up!
What's the freemium mode on Spotify? I thought Spotify was free on mobile now, only that you can't choose precisely which song to play; it only allows shuffle of an album or playlist, etc.

Either way, nice module!
Yeah, I think OP is really grasping at straws with this one.
It really is. /r/movies has some major league idiots running around.
I was wondering this too. Is it currently US only? And will it be US only for good?
I think he means how small they are..
I hope that's a ladies cut because fuck me, gents cut is normally a fiver. I can't imagine the extra forty being made up with good conversation. 
Except the one person he desperately wants to: Andy Zaltzman on a pun run.
Looking good! 

What's the + for? It seems out of place in the first screenshot. Like if I would use the whole screen to swipe it would get in the way.
Is that a common stereotype? I've never heard it before.
Around this time four years ago I was sat on that little outcrop next to the river eating ice cream. 

This is such a beautiful shot.
That would be an excellent move on their part. I'm firmly behind demos of all games, even though I understand how they can be difficult for devs to produce.
> You won't really get it until you have the controller in your hands.

I get what you're saying, problem is that few people will shell out full price for a game because of a wishy-washy statement like "you'll understand how good it is when you play it." You can't build a review on that.
As a Hollander, the Belgians beat us on chips. 

I hope no one sees this comment and uses it against me at a later date, but I had to get that off my chest.
I'm all for this but the only problem is that swiping from the right to the left already hides a post if you have that enabled in the settings. 

I love the idea of gestures to upvote/downvote though.
I've never had a problem with lag using Swiftkey, but if they're talking about the performance of their swiping prediction then I would be happy to see this. 

The way swiping is now is just awful especially if you compare it to Google Keyboard and Swype. Though Swype seems to get too clever for its own good when predicting what word I "clumsily" swiped to.
Scorpio would love these. Now if only I knew where the hammock store is.
One episode into Bobs Burgers. Went back to after season 1 and have loved it ever since. I even have a Bobs Burgers tattoo.
Stop, you're bringing back painful memories. 
We're getting that back in WoD, sort of. Noticeably darker nights at least.
And 1000 arrows if you're a hunter. Then a great gun drops.
> This statement is so black and white, and couldn't be further from the truth.

This could be a reply to a lot of the comments in this thread.

Biggest red flag: someone who listens to Reddit regarding relationship advice.
I am this person also. It's fine though because what /u/Theriley106 should have added is that you should be wary of people with no hobbies if you're the outgoing and interesting type.

I've dated interesting and outgoing types before and they are tiring people to deal with.
Watch the video. Almost every time the rabbit stops being petted he will stomp his back feet.
Not to mention a lot of people would not be complaining about the premise had there not been a lot of talk about the myth that we only use 10% of our brains. 

I saw no complaints when Limitless came out and that turned out to be a decent movie for what it was.
For such cute little fluff balls their yawns are the stuff nightmares are made of.
I think maybe you shouldn't have unsupervised access to YouTube if you're under the impression being from Denmark has anything to do with that.
BioShock 1 and Infinite. 
Games "geared towards multiplayer" do not get a free pass on horrible single player campaigns. If they're not going to put in the effort required, just scrap the single player entirely. 
I prefer Firefox for a variety of reasons.
>  I'm sure they will sometime, maybe, I hope. Google can be odd haha.

I hope so, too! And thank you for the reply!
Regardless of where the power comes from each level my original point still stands. Trying to spread out 5-6k crits over 100 levels just wouldn't work. Even less so if these 5-6k crits would be at the level 100 cap.

I heard rumours about Blizz shooting for Wotlk damage numbers but I don't know if that's still the plan. I guess we'll see when the damage numbers for WoD are finalised.
Blizz needs to increase the damage each level for 100 levels. I don't see them being able to keep damage numbers that low while still making it feel like your character is increasing in power. 
The damage numbers in Alpha aren't final. 
Will happen? IMO it already has happened. The last two seasons were nothing like the first two that got me in to the show.
Or we can stop bringing back old shows and focus on making new memories instead. 
It can get a bit ridiculous, right? Chrome is another big offender for me; easily gets to 500 MB if left unchecked. I shouldn't have to manually do this for each app, or download a separate app to fix it.

Maybe it's not possible in Android, I'm no dev.
/r/funny
That's the footage I was referring to in my own comment, agreeing with the OP about the disadvantages of 60 FPS in videos versus 60 FPS gameplay. 

The footage in the above video is unnerving and some (not all) people have reported feeling a little nauseous after watching it due to the disconnect between the user watching and the gameplay being shown. Playing a game at 60+ FPS is an amazing experience, watching a video in 60 FPS that you have no connection to has been shown to have different effects on people, from nausea to headaches. 
I agree with you all the way. I watched the Titanfall 60 FPS YouTube footage and it was.. weird. Mostly because I wasn't controlling the gameplay. It was disorienting. 
And those twenty minutes are heavily scripted and pre-planned. I prefer my panel shows with a bit more improv, or at least able to fake it well.
It never did afaik and I've been using Android since Gingerbread. Not sure where they got that from.
Not even a little bit.
*Dad :)
I was always under the impression that /r/britishproblems was a bit tongue in cheek and not to be taken seriously. Are we seriously considering policing frivolity? 

Upvote what you like, downvote what think doesn't belong or is a repeat. Reddit's good like that.
I would not be surprised!
Yes but have you seen the wildlife there?
> Going to prison once doesn't make you a bad person.

It may not make you a bad person now, but it surely made you a bad person at the time. Provided you weren't wrongly convicted. 
Still looks utterly, utterly awful. 
That's why you get your shopping delivered. 
According to Dara O'Briain they had to cut out a lot of what he said during Mock he Week because he was frequently too offensive (to air).
Opinions, man.. how do they work?
And a site that does exactly the same (with an arguably worse name/brand) is the solution to that? I think not.

For one site to become obsolete another needs to pop up that innovates the medium.
> I feel like there's something fundamentally wrong with someone.

> No offense.

OK.
Are people seriously making Reddit alternatives over something as simple as a change to the way the voting is displayed? 

That's just silly imo. And I'd personally hate for the creator of one of the best Reddit apps on Android to waste development time on something like that.
Or they did it to someone who doesn't know what the word means.
[http://i.imgur.com/EhbHMcJ.png](http://i.imgur.com/EhbHMcJ.png)
And throw out your exes toiletries. I'm sure your next girlfriend will appreciate not being confronted with half empty bottles consisting of one part lady wash and one part lady tears. 

In case it wasn't obvious, the lady tears are yours. 
Ah well, fair enough. :) It seems they've succeeded in making the core of their game (shooting, scenarios etc) the best it can be. That is what they're great at after all.
It's not accurate to say that Bungie doesn't want to deliver a "ground breaking" experience when that has been their ethos when talking about Destiny. Their promises of deep rooted story, 10 year long campaign and massive world filled with drop in, drop out multiplayer experiences, "ground breaking" is exactly what they're going for.
What's the source on this one?
The Xbone is coming out this September in The Netherlands, among other regions. The PS4 has been available there since the October/November 2013.
Hiya, I'm on 0.43b and this issue still happens with most IMGur links to non-gifs when viewed through RES' expando. Is this something that can't be fixed?

Also I'd like to make a feature suggestion: a way to view the original gif without gfycat conversion. Mostly so that I can save the gif but also in case the service is slow or goes down entirely.

Thanks for this great addon!
Get out.
Ah ha, so spoiler tagged comments and the like. Good to know, thanks!
How do the spoilers work? I'm on the latest beta and haven't noticed any change in the way spoilers are handled in submissions. Is it just in comments?
100% agreed. You simply cannot make your very first post "This subreddit is going downhill and this is why" without even attempting to contribute yourself first.
Thanks!

I was secretly hoping it would be something funny of Kristen Schaal's that I hadn't seen yet, not a bunch of celebs selling a car. Oh well.
What's this from?
Ultimate Tattoo and Red, both in town, are very good.
I got my bun at 8 weeks and I'm afraid to say there is absolutely no way that Charlie is that old. If at all possible it would be a good idea to take him to see a vet asap so they can give you advice on how to take care of this little fellow properly.
I just wanted to say that for not being a pro, you did a damn fine job. Thank you for taking the time to do this and post it.
As a Euro I have the same feeling whenever I'm state-side. Everything is so huge there; the roads, the cars, the buildings, the Big Macs; it's hard to not be impressed.
What you're looking at are normal terraced houses. Nothing remotely fancy about them.
Is that Â£200 a month each for the bills? That's a bit steep on top of Â£300+ rent. My bills in a shared house (two people) are nowhere near Â£400 a month.
Paid for by the French and Hungarian boards of tourism.
More fun? Maybe, that depends on your own PoV. Better? No, Holy and Disc both have strengths and weaknesses.
Is this DudePerfect? Those guys do some great trick shots.
Pack animals. Wolves are pack animals.
It's from another one of Kxnt's icon packs, [PopUI](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.launchertheme.kxnt.pop).
It is, it's part of [Timely](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ch.bitspin.timely), an alarm/timer/etc. replacement.
Click UI has been my preferred icon pack since its release and I've bought every icon pack you've made since then on principle alone. You've always been prompt to reply to any queries via e-mail and your icon packs are packed (heh) with icons for all my favourite apps and plenty to choose from if an icon doesn't exist for a particular app.

You rock, dude. [Thanks for making my phone pretty](http://i.imgur.com/Sgj039K.jpg).
Most likely, but these places do exist in Leeds and they aren't hidden. One of the beatings occurred outside Tiger Tiger for instance.

I'm sure going out in Leeds can be safe if you know what you're doing or where you're going, but it's far from "great" which is why I felt like I needed to talk about my experiences and what I've seen in the news.
I'd like to respectfully disagree on two points.

> The night life is great because of the large student population.

Hit and miss for sure. Certain places are nice but on a whole nightlife in Leeds can teeter between abysmal or downright violent. I've seen plenty of people being dragged out of clubs and beaten. The student spots are mostly nice and quite safe, though. I avoid Leeds nightlife at all costs.

> Public transport is everywhere and inexpensive.

Everywhere indeed, but incredibly expensive for what you get and it's only getting worse. Just recently the price for an all-day (any time) First Leeds Day Rider that would get you anywhere in West Yorkshire for the entire day on First went up by 70p. They "compensated" by making the Leeds Metropolitan Day Rider a flat Â£3.90 regardless of time of day, but even that's gone up a lot in the past few years. I've only lived here for 6 years and I remember it being Â£3.40 for a Day Rider.

And the short travel single went up by yet another 10p; where two years ago it was only Â£1 it's now Â£1.20.

Not ragging on Leeds at all as you could do A LOT worse. The city centre is amazing ever since they finished Trinity and with 35k a year OP is going to have a great time here.
I'd like to second Play Books. Clean UI, good set of options, ability to select a word and have the definition pop up. And since a year (maybe less) you're able to upload your own epub/pdf format books and sync them with your device. 

I couldn't ask for more.
Easy enough to fix: [Fixed Mikey](http://i.imgur.com/x5IFnuk.jpg) and [Fixed Leo](http://i.imgur.com/hAeD3dE.jpg)
What's happened to Rick and Morty being uploaded to Youtube? I'm in the UK and it seems like Adult Swim has made the old episodes region restricted as well.
Agreed. It makes things more difficult for all (briefly) involved in that persons life. 

    "What's your name, sir?" 
    "Jaymes. No, with a Y." 
    "Where..?"

As an ex-customer support and telesales agent those types of parents made my already bad day just that little bit worse.
This one's in Crossgates, used to be called Arndale but they've taken to calling it the "Crossgates Shopping Centre"
Wait.. I'm sure I put a basket on your head so you couldn't see me breaking all your crates and robbing you.
You can get a Â£1.10 fare in Leeds (First buses); it takes you 7 or 8 stops one way. Good for getting down to the nearest shopping centre where I live.
The RPG school of thought.
Requesting a feature nicely is hardly a reason to be a raging douchebag to someone. Besides, what's it to you if he requests a feature? I seriously doubt you're on the development team if this is the way you talk to people.

In fact, you shouldn't even be on this subreddit with that sorry excuse for an attitude.
Someone's vagina is in a knot today.
Don't forget Sue Perkins.
Another big weakness would be that his ganks wouldn't be great and his late-game damage without the big ticket items would be garbage.
That would be pretty cool. While we're at it, an option to send Youtube videos to XBMC would be cool, too! Something like this addon for Firefox: [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/send-to-xbmc/?src=api](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/send-to-xbmc/?src=api)
What's the opposite of a British Problem? Harry Hill not being on any more would fall under that category.
When someone rattles the food bowl that kid is going to go flying across the room.
What server are you on? I'm on EUW and looking for some chilled out people to play League with.
Trundle of course! Who doesn't love the Troll King?
You can but then I'd have to refresh the page for that to take effect. 
Haha, she loves most of her toys but, of course, her favourite is the empty toilet roll which she'll happily throw about in her cage for attention.
Hides posts from view. I prefer to hide unless I upvote, then I hide the post after. Keeps the front page tidy.
It *shouldn't* be. It really is though.
Talon looks great but I'm on the fence about buying a Twitter app due to Twitter's own token limitation for third-party apps. I already bought Falcon Pro before the tokens were limited but luckily the dev is still actively developing that app.
Sweet, look forward to seeing the refurb in all its glory.
Tried going to North Bar this Monday but it was being gutted. Any one know what's going on?
This is all Swiftkey would need for it to completely nullify the "ugly skins" argument. There are plenty of talented people out there who could whip up an eye-catching skin or two in less time than it would take for the guys behind Swiftkey to design one skin then put it through testing.
You rebel, you.
Me either. Anyone have the source vid?
What would be the actual colour? The same as on Earth? Or don't we know?
That's really weird, I've had mine for just over a month now and the battery life has stayed just as good as the first couple of days. If this keeps up for you I'd suggest asking to exchange yours.
Camera Zoom FX (mainly because it allows me to take pictures using the volume button) and Camera360. I find that Camera360 has the best "Enhance" filters; filters that actually enhance the look of the image taken rather than making it look vintage or the like.

But I'm going to try out some of these suggestions right now.

Linkme: Camera Zoom FX, Camera360 Ultimate
For those of us who haven't played in a week or so, is there any where where we can see all the changes made since the very beginning? You guys do such a good job with every patch but you add so many new things every time that it can be a bit overwhelming.

Keep up the great work!
Search "Yasuo Jungle" on Youtube; you're definitely not the only one who thought about this.

He's good in the jungle but not super impressive. He has no hard CC besides his ultimate and that depends on you or someone else knocking the enemy champion up. I can imagine ganking a Jana lane where she lands her whirlwind and you just ult in would be pretty amazing.

Totally viable in the jungle with his shield and low cooldowns and I imagine fun to play, I just don't see him winning any awards in the jungle department. That could change though, he might turn out to be amazing.
[He may look delicious, but..](http://i.imgur.com/vubkdAw.gif)

However tempting it may be!
[It is Pam who does the wrecking](http://i.imgur.com/L3RuluJ.jpg)!
No, you're absolutely right, without Naughty Dog the Playstation wouldn't have had much in the way of amazing exclusives, either.

Edit: But then I'm reminded by Mr. COCAINE___waffles of Ni no Kuni. Sony had quite a few interesting exclusives to offer last generation.
I've played every Halo game since the first (not including the RTS) and read a couple of Eric Nylund's books on the Halo universe. 

I was clearly bothered to understand the Halo universe, I just couldn't care less about Halo 4's contribution.
Halo 4 probably, and that's a bit sad really if you think about. Nothing about Halo 4 was awe-inspiring; the graphics were snazzy by console standards but the campaign wasn't all that good. 

The 360 was just never a great console for exclusives, not when you compare it to the PS3 or PC. Though counting the PC is maybe a bit unfair.
[Here you go](http://i.imgur.com/60Hk2ec.gif)!

The scene happens when Marty gets called "yellow" by Mad Dog after Mad Dog finally finishes counting to ten.
A fellow lifer.
Ahh, that "new girl" smell.
First weekend coding trip we get Colr, which is awesome. Second, we get LolReader which is equally awesome, if not better!

You need to go on these weekend trips more often. ;)
We know.

^^^^sorry
Oh sweet! 5 whole years of Redditing.

What.. what have I done with my life!
Ahh my bad, didn't see the explanation at the top. Thanks!
What does it mean when some of the skill orders say, for instance, "W>E=Q"?
Damn him for being gorgeous.
Good thing about all of this is that his four year old might actually get a Christmas present with the Â£450 his father now has "spare."

Yeah no, I don't believe it either. But it's nice to dream.
Few pairs of socks?? Where do you go sock shopping; I must know!
> There has been no word from producers whether Justin has voiced interest in a cameo appearance.
Would they still work? Microsoft switched from using MS points to just local currency months back.
I'd like to think I speak for all of Tumblr when I say even we don't want this shit.
[Well..](http://i.imgur.com/i4EJcpa.gif)
I stopped playing about 6 months ago and left off just after the fight in the screenshot. I am dreading going back but I really want to at the same time.
Yup! Made a little house and all I have is a furnace to keep me warm. Unless houses keep you warm regardless.
People who kickstarted it have been playing for longer though, haven't they?
Ahh, of course! Although the bed was right next to the furnace.. but good to know that you can't die from sleeping too long. Must have been something else.
I ended up dying from being asleep too long. At least that's what I was told when I came back to my computer and I was at spawn.

Advice: don't go afk while you're sleeping.
There's a chat?!

I only picked up Starbound yesterday.
Red panda: [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_panda](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_panda)
Video: [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IamjRZpxKA8](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IamjRZpxKA8)
Didn't the first GoW (And second?) have some of the worst host advantage of any game ever? 

Not denying the first GoW was great!
People generally don't mind ads on free apps. Scam ads are a different matter all together.
Buying a console day one always seemed a bit dodgy to me. I was surprised at how many of my friends actually got the Day One edition Xbones or waited in line for their PS4s at midnight.

Luckily for them, their consoles seem to be in perfect working order. I personally wouldn't want to risk it, and not knowing what the release of games is going to be like a year down the road, it's hard to make a decision now.
I personally can't stand 150+ pings compared to 60-70 pings; it feels as if it takes ages for my character to move.

Make a test account and play a few matches on EUW.
This would have been better without the camera-person and their companion laughing so loudly.
> first or second buy

First and second. And third. And fourth.
All Xboxs can play GTA V. Mine's an old white one (Arcade I think they were called, bare bones) and it plays it just fine.

So yes. Your old Xbox was just dodgy.
Olaf, Jax and Nasus would like to have a word with you. Among others. 
Nautilus is sadly very weak early game compared to Leona. Should be fun but not very viable against a poke heavy bot lane. 
I thought it was Markiplier as first. Very nice voice!
Just.. stop drinking caffeinated beverages after 6pm.
Just tried this out on the PBE and while Relic Shield is still in Thresh's recommended items, it does not work for his auto attacks. 

It's actually kind of broken, because the Spoils of War passive will still work if you last hit a minion, it just won't execute a minion like it should.

Edit: I meant it seemed kind of broken because it's meant to be part of Thresh's build, according to the recommended build, but it doesn't work as intended on him. 

But zillin's explanation makes a lot of sense. I see where Riot is going with this now.
Dude, spoilers. Not cool.
Hopefully bad enough that to this day, whenever he considers being a jerk, he's haunted by the little kid who punched his lights out repeatedly in front of all his class mates.

Sorry, I was bullied as a kid.
What does he bring in the late game if he's "just another support" as you put it? His team fight potential has never been stellar. 
Same for me, only it was a copy of Men at Arms. First book I properly sat down and read and didn't stop the whole time we were there on holiday.
I see no point in 3 green, 1 pink and 5 pots with the Relic Shield, simple as. Maybe the games I play aren't as high ranked but we tend to dominate the lane with one of us having Relic Shield.

Vision wars as we knew them in Season 3 are currently either dead or on hiatus in most games I've played. And with the gold income I can always adapt on first back.
When people talk about "The Art of Trolling" they're not talking about you, buddy.
You can usually last hit better when a charge is up. Relic Shield can destroy a minion at just under half HP when the ADC can't. I like to make it into a game, haha.
Brilliant! I'll look it up; thanks!
> I explained what the item does and was still raged at for 'taking the canon minion.'

Really? I can't say I'm surprised at the ignorance of some people, but still.

Honestly, in that situation I'd explain calmly what the item did but if the person kept on raging I'd go support mid or top. I'm sure they'd appreciate being snowballed.
I've been using the lens to disable other wards, it works quite well. My lane partner (adc) always buys the warding totem. 

I might try to trinket that grants vision, though.
Truly. Truly.
Relic Shield. No matter the support. It's just such a good item.

Then one green ward and two pots which change into Totalbiscuits.
I've just played a few games with Thresh and felt really tanky running a 0/13/17 build, especially with Relic Shield and the gold income boosts. I wouldn't want to give up all the goodies in the Utility tree for points that only help me out in very niche situations.
I'll give it a look, thanks!
Is there an app to check specifically which processes are causing it? The default battery settings don't really specify.
Not a whole lot; Falcon Pro was checking for tweets and updating my timeline every hour. It's gone down since then but only because Google Services has been eating battery like there's no tomorrow.

Hope Google Services is "fixed" soon.
When I got mine on the Friday they were released, I charged it to 100% and tried my best get as much out of the battery as possible. The only thing I really did was put airplane mode on at night because I normally put my phone on silent anyway. 57 hours later..

Screenshot 1: [http://i.imgur.com/RuMDWWA.png](http://i.imgur.com/RuMDWWA.png) -- Includes a 1 hour phone call.

Screenshot 2: [http://i.imgur.com/LP7aiBG.png](http://i.imgur.com/LP7aiBG.png)

And this is on the default 2070mAh battery. I imagine I could get 3 days out of the 3000mAh battery if I really tried.
Agreed, I've had more luck with Olaf built with 21 points into the defensive tree. 

Sometimes you'll be the counter to their top laner and 21 offensive will push them out of lane, but then you're not as useful late game because you can't take as much of a beating in team fights.
> I only needed to repeat commands two or three times.

Using the controller/remote would still be quicker, though. Unless you mean you had to repeat your commands once or twice before you learned what the Kinect wanted to hear and how to say it.
Aunt. I had a hard time seeing it as well.
After having just watched Jeff Gerstmann wrestle with the Kinect voice commands, this seems like a horrible idea.
No one said anything about there not being room for a meta change. There just isn't room for two equally optimized metas. There will always be one meta that is better than the others and that will be the norm.
> -The home button quick start menu is sorely missed for starting and leaving parties, and looking quickly at achievements and friends in a simple txt based interface. I can only hope they bring some version of that back.

So how do you quickly look at achievements or join/leave parties while you're in game if there's no "quick menu"?
I see this: [http://i.imgur.com/4SnQ2H1.png](http://i.imgur.com/4SnQ2H1.png)
Not really. There will never be more than one viable meta; there will be one optimal meta that everyone uses and other sub-optimal metas that will almost never see the light of day.

And Riot doesn't want to get rid of junglers all together by making them sub-optimal, which is one of the major issues with the patch right now. Well, one specific item.
And yet I have two friends that have been hyping this game ever since E3. I really hope they still find enjoyment in the game, but something tells me they'll lie to themselves and everyone else when asked.
The Rev3 review links to Frequency, whatever that is. The Youtube video is of higher quality and they get ad revenue from it: [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4o4qc6Osk8](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4o4qc6Osk8)
> All these changes are geared toward giving supports more gold, which will allow new champions to fill that role.

This is exactly what is not going to happen and Riot has said they'll come down hard if it starts happening. Supports are listed as support. There will still be some fringe cases but one of the reasons for this patch was to give supports their identity back.
Who is it if not Killer Croc? Did a quick Google search and everyone seems to think it was Croc who said it.
No thanks. It's nice to have a system-wide font so my eyes don't have to adjust when switching between apps. And the default font just fits redditsync.
Appreciate the response, Vlambeer! And good to hear!
Of course. I was using Rottie as the most obvious choice but it could be anything, really. 
They absolutely are. Source: reviewed a few games, had to sign an NDA stating time-zones when a review embargo was lifted.
Not that I've seen. Bloodhound colouring is mostly lighter brown with black whereas Rottie is black with brown markings.

OP's doggie doesn't have any other typically Bloodhound characteristics so I'm not sure how accurate his Bloodhound ancestry is. Rottie would be more likely.
Odd then how Baconreader is the only app I've ever used with intrusive ads such as these. I realise it's not a simple fix but neither is the lame and tired "if you don't like the ads, buy the app" mentality. Some people can't buy an app or they don't want to be bullied into buying an app because the ads are aggressive and bothersome. I personally buy apps and donate to my favourite developers, not because the ads are annoying, but to support their work.

That's what I think this thread is trying to make the devs realise and my original comment was directed at the type of comments that state the best solution is to pay to not be inconvenienced. It's not. 

P.s. there was no need for the "ungrateful bastards" comment whatsoever. I don't care how strongly you feel about this subject, I've been a long time user of RES and I'd like to think of you as one of the good developers.
The devs have been told, this isn't the first time questionable ads have leaked through. 
Fair point. And I'd no issue buying the game again on Play Store since not only do you get a great deal with Humble, but your money goes toward a selection of great charities. Win win, really.
SEO.
I would love to buy this for "Ridiculous Fishing" but these games don't see many updates after they're released, do they? I know the Humble Bundle Android app can update the games, but there's no saying if they'll be updated as quickly as on the Play Store.

A brand new game like Ridiculous Fishing will undoubtedly see a few bug fix updates and I would hate to miss out.
If you feel like a read, this site explains it all: [http://www.x-entertainment.com/messages/485.html](http://www.x-entertainment.com/messages/485.html)

Basically, this is from the GI Joe movie where Cobra Commander turns out to be a snake-alien and gets punished for failing miserably.
This, and many other reasons, is why I'm glad there's an alternative to /r/gaming
All ads are going to give the developer revenue. Not all ads should take up half your screen or LIE to you about malware on your device or computer.

That's just bad form on the devs side.
This thread is not about paying for the app and I really wish people would knock it off when there's a thread in /r/baconreader complaining about the type of ads. I've seen screenshots of ads that claim you have malware on your phone and to click the ad to get rid of it. 

Ads should be as unobtrusive as possible while still giving the developer the needed revenue.
No mention of frame issues that I can see. Safe to say that these have been ironed out in the final game?

The game frequently ran at sub-30 sometimes sub-20 FPS before.
I'm using a Nokia 550 mA that I had lying around. I was a little surprised when I found that the box only contained a USB cable, but then I remembered "budget device."

I feel like with the Moto G I have to keep reminding myself that it's "budget" because nothing about the phone itself reminds me.
I've been very impressed by this phone so far!

The screen on time is currently sitting at 2,5 hours (automatic brightness) and the battery is at exactly 50%. I'll keep an eye on it, though!
Call quality is adequate on my Moto G. The ear-speaker isn't the best out there but so long as you don't have the volume up too far it sounds just fine. Have the volume up a bit further and there's some noticeable popping, though. 

This was in a quiet room on one phone call though; it might be different per situation. The popping could have also come from the other end.

Speaker is also adequate. Not the best but it sounds fine, albeit a little flat. I'm no audiophile though and I almost never use the speaker on my phones.
Reposting this here:

"Not OP but I bought a Moto G on Friday from Phones 4 U and this is a screenshot showing battery life. This is after a full charge ending Saturday morning, with just over an hour phone call Saturday afternoon. It's now 17:55pm on Sunday. Battery is 2070 mAh afaik.

Battery stats: [http://i.imgur.com/rWxSbze.png](http://i.imgur.com/rWxSbze.png)

This was its first full charge to 100% and I'm not going to charge it until it hits 5%, whenever that may be.

As you can imagine, this being a new (to me) phone, it has been played with quite a lot. Mobile data has been turned off but Wifi has been on non-stop."
Not OP but I bought a Moto G on Friday from Phones 4 U and this is a screenshot showing battery life. This is after a full charge ending Saturday morning, with just over an hour phone call Saturday afternoon. It's now 17:55pm on Sunday. Battery is 2070 mAh afaik.

Battery stats: [http://i.imgur.com/rWxSbze.png](http://i.imgur.com/rWxSbze.png)

This was its first full charge to 100% and I'm not going to charge it until it hits 5%, whenever that may be.

As you can imagine, this being a new (to me) phone, it has been played with quite a lot. Mobile data has been turned off but Wifi has been on non-stop.
The times I've used Flipboard I've found that it's really hard to set up "right." By right I mean, so that I don't see the mountains of crap that I have little to no interest in.

I'd love to give it another shot though since it's been 6 months since my last try.
Just picked this phone up here in the UK and it's like night and day coming from an old-ish HTC Desire. I have a Nexus 7 2012 and I reckon the responsiveness of the phone is on par with that, at the very least. Battery life (with wifi and 3g on) has been excellent, too.

Only the first day, but I can tell buying the Moto G was a good choice.
Echoing Phones 4 U as they're the only brick & mortar shop selling them right now. They started yesterday and the Moto G is selling really fast.
Just chunked a Pax Jax with Reckless Swing, can confirm.
Completely agreed, but we also don't know what OP's friend's girlfriend is into to make that call. There's "kinky" and then there's **kinky**.
What is going on with the comments in /r/aww?? OP said he/she FOUND the kitten outside, not that they are keeping it. Knock it off with the "stolen" comments.
> All calico cats are female.

Most. Most.
Scotland is depressing. 
I honestly wouldn't still be playing this game if I didn't have three other friends to play with. And even then we only played ranked to get placed (Silver IV, woo) for the Season 3 rewards. My friends and I normally play ARAM, which even though it comes with its own hurdles, doesn't seem to stress us out as much as 5v5 does.

I can't imagine what drives solo players to keep coming back to this game when there are so many other games out there, multiplayer or otherwise, where you don't have to put up with a barrage of shit every other game.

I'd love to play more 5s/ranked in theory, be it to learn my lanes more or just to have fun, but I don't find it to be a very chilled out experience. Mostly ragers in the lower Silver on EUW who both don't possess basic game knowledge and think they're the next Xpeke. 

Riot doesn't do enough to separate the toxic players from the players who just want to have fun playing a game. The tribunal doesn't work because it's user-moderated. We had a guy two nights spouting off racial slurs in All chat because he was in a team with all Spanish players. I'm sure he's still playing normally on that account, whereas in other games he would've been temp-banned by now. I'm sure that what we saw wasn't his first infraction.

This turned into more of a rant about the state of League itself. My bad.
Any salient point the author could've made has been drowned out by the ridiculous title.
No one's complaining about ads, it's the type of ads. Telling you your phone may have viruses would panic people who didn't know better. These types of ads are malicious and unwelcome anywhere.
I can't speak for the rest, but Thresh is one of the least passive champions as he's an offensive support.
Knowing what his opinion was and him expressing his opinion so candidly in front of the camera are two different things. Her reaction was hers alone and it was justified. No one is saying that either of them did anything "wrong."
The earliest phone I've heard it on is the Samsung Galaxy S2.
That's really petty. I like you.
What could you do in this situation, have a go at them? I hate that, as (over)paying customers, we basically have to sit there and take whatever public transport decides to pull out their arse that day.
"I'm at the Millenium Square Wetherspoons, where are you?" "Uhmm, somewhere in Liverpool. Be more specific next time."
Video source, for those interested: [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4165Pp8uns](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4165Pp8uns)
I'm pretty sure he meant smoking as in "smoking hot" not smoking as in cigarettes.
I'm glad they've near ceased the witch hunt on individual users in favour of simply blocking the offending sites on an ISP-level. Rather that than ruining people's lives over a couple of Top 40 tracks downloaded through Bearshare, etc.

And for those of us intent on circumventing blocks.. well, the internet finds a way.
Won 5 out of 10 with the last match going really bad. Got placed in Silver IV last week.
Puppy deliveries? pls op.
Some dogs just want to watch the world clean up their mess.
I was looking for something like this last night, what a coincidence!

Feature request: the ability to import (share) an image into the app would be great.
Maybe off-topic but, is Arthus Gies really "the founder" of Polygon? As far as I know he's "only" the reviews editor.
Always, but also enable the option to show the range indicator when holding down the button. This helps with Thresh and Blitz hooks, etc. 
Way to be a raging asshole in the wake of someone's death. 
It is when you tick the box labeled "'Murica" when asked.
*sigh* He copied and pasted the sub-title as a title for his post.
After a two year dry spell there will be more after a ten minute rest.
Absolutely not the place for this.
I find it hard to sympathize with OP when she's brazenly airing her dirty laundry in the comments section of what could have been a humorous post in and of itself.
You forgot the painful auto-attack after every third spell ending with Q.
It's alright when there are two seats free that are next to each other. At least here in the UK people don't seem to like sitting next to each other so as soon as they are able they will go sit on their own.

But if they get up to sit next to someone else I start questioning everything in life.
The air order for the show is Bakemonogatari then Nisemonogatari then Nekomonogatari.

Then Monogatari Second Season. [More info](http://myanimelist.net/forum/?topicid=540662).
Honestly, when do people in /r/comicbooks not nitpick? It's hard to find a submission in this subreddit that doesn't have people finding fault in it.
And Whatsapp? Everyone I know uses Whatsapp because it's the most popular cross-platform messaging app where I'm from.

I think that's the point greven is making. Unless you know people who own a Blackberry device and don't already use Whatsapp or Viber, why would you switch to BBM? Getting a whole group of friends to switch over to another app when they're comfortable using a service that is already available to everyone using iPhones, Android phones and Blackberry phones, seems unnecessary.

It's great to have the option, though. And for people who prefer not to give out their phone numbers, BBM is obviously a good alternative over Whatsapp and Viber.
Maybe he meant that reading fiction is a waste of time better spent fucking.
"Fiction" so by his own admission his music is a waste of fucking time.
Kill la Kill, for the uninitiated. Three episodes deep this season and just crazy amounts of fun to watch.
Just because you give a reason for a stupid act doesn't make it any less stupid. 

The voting system on Reddit is there for a reason; you made a ridiculous comment that had nothing to do with the subject and the comment was downvoted into oblivion. You're willfully stupid by your own standards for not seeing that and an idiot for continuing to assert that your comment had significance by reposting it. Sure, delete it if your fragile ego can't take it, but don't repost the same stupid comment only so it can be downvoted again. And especially not a third time.

I quoted your comment so your idiocy could be seen before you had a chance to delete it and repost it again. So people are informed of the fact that you're trying to dodge downvotes because you feel your bashing of someone else's comment is so important that the world must see it.

Your replies so far paint a very distinct picture of an incorrigible self-important asshole who in his or her own eyes can do no wrong, so there's really no point to my own comment since none of it will sink in to that thick skull of yours. 

For a Redditor of two years with a very short comment history you should have maybe stayed in the shadows because so far you're making a real ass out of yourself.
You deleted your comment a third time now and I'm the silly child? Alright, buddy.
SiirusBladestalker:
> And look at you, using the "bravery meme" that has been overused and beat to death one thousand times over. Is that all you can come up with? Dont act like you are any better

You seriously deleted the comment you got hate for and reposted it?
But.. who watches the watchfrog?
In the world of YouTube it's not stellar. Not to pay three to four people (if not more) and professionally record videos. 

Sponsors probably helped a lot. 
The quote was directly referencing his past and the man he blinded in one eye.
> **"So I don't have a problem going to sleep at night. I feel good when I wake up in the morning."** - Mark Wahlberg.
Which is why they changed that in the latest patch. You can now only lose a maximum of $500 when dying in Free Mode.
$300 is ridiculously easy to get and the only reason they add that tidbit about buying in-game cash is so people know it's an option if they want to buy ahead. And the only reason OP doesn't have $300 is because he banked it all. 

I don't agree with micro-transactions that give people an unfair advantage but considering everything that could give you an advantage in this particular game is behind a level cap, this is a non-issue. Weapons and better missions are behind a higher level-cap and money will not make it easier for you to achieve those levels.

THAT'S why Reddit as a whole aren't getting their panties in a twist about this. Not because everyone wants to crawl inside Rockstar's asshole and make a warm little nest to live out the rest of their lives. That's beside the point.

Edit: typo.
Gotcha, that makes sense. 
What makes an AD Teemo less squishy than an AP Teemo? Or more likely to survive destruction from bruisers? 
I hope you buried the body somewhere off the beaten path.
If you don't already own Elise but you get her Victorious skin as a reward for being Gold or higher, does that automatically unlock Elise? In the same way as the free Alistar and Tristana skins.
How is that "poor you" exactly?
Korra and Eren were the two I wasn't entirely sure about. This is less a gathering of greats and more "these are the anime I love."
Maybe a silly question but I haven't played Guild Wars 2 for very long..

What do you get for doing all the Halloween achievements? Anything nice, like a title? Or is it just for the sake of completion?

Edit: thanks!
You're supposed to have a sense of humour.

In case you think you do have a sense of humour, you might also consider that different people find different things funny. 
If this were any other job, the prospect of not having to go to work tomorrow would be great. As an airline pilot, I bet it will leave a gap in ones life.
This one? [http://i.imgur.com/sqU5rUC.gif](http://i.imgur.com/sqU5rUC.gif)
Source: [http://pusheen.com/](http://pusheen.com/)
Shame.
Well, they have two other children.
If you've supposedly pirated the app (which you stated you haven't), where is he getting your email address from? That shouldn't be available to him unless his app is sending information to him. 
/r/reactiongifs 
This is Izzybella4 on DA. 

Source and more: [http://izzybella4.deviantart.com/art/Little-sister-makeup-tryout-2-close-up-402288500](http://izzybella4.deviantart.com/art/Little-sister-makeup-tryout-2-close-up-402288500)
I can't think of just one, so I made a list. A couple have been mentioned before.

* Anamanaguchi - Endless Fantasy
* The Bloody Beetroots - HIDE
* IAMX - The Unified Field
* Kavinsky - OutRun
* QotSA - ...Like Clockwork
* The Weeknd - Kiss Land

I love these types of threads! Always find new artists that have been hiding their talent away or that I've been oblivious to.
In Leeds, double confirmed. 
I don't get this because they never went away. Not in Europe at least.
Ahh yes, I hadn't seen the delivery estimate for November 1st. Also, happy cakeday!
Ah yes, duh.. late night, reading comprehension bad.
Can I ask why you decided to cancel your .co.uk order for this and go with Amazon.com? I'm so tempted to buy this right now but if I'd get a better deal on Amazon.com it doesn't hurt to ask.
> Hamilton 

[Link for the lazy](http://www.youtube.com/user/HamiltonHipsterCat). I'm not sure if that's his official Youtube but I hope it is.
Slow moving? You might want to look at more Asimo videos: [http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=Bmglbk_Op64#t=9](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=Bmglbk_Op64#t=9)
Never had a problem on a phone. Unless you're using a data connection, maybe?
Love the idea but I couldn't see myself using this for more than 10 minutes. I need to have full control over every aspect of the theme and most premade themes are heavy on the looks but lacking in usability.

This app was obviously made for quick, on the go theme changing and it looks great for that.
Is /r/wtf a default subreddit? If so, why?! 
I've lived in Leeds for 5 years now and I don't have a typical British accent. I was born in Holland but to English parents, so my accent is impossible to pin down.

My point is, the death glare you get from some people in Leeds is really noticeable. For instance, on more than one occasion the person behind the till has been happily chatting away to every customer before me, but when it's my turn everything goes silent until the transaction is complete. And I'd like to think I'm quite friendly to people behind tills and such.

I feel your pain of being labeled an outsider.

There are exceptions obviously, and those are the people who you know don't discriminate just because it's something they don't know. So for weeding out the "nice but only to their 'own kind'" people from the genuinely nice people, the accent works quite well.
If it wasn't World of Warcraft it would have been something else. People like that are a disaster waiting to happen.

Military will teach him all the discipline he needs so that it never happens again.
The thing that gets me is how could one not check the seat before they sit down? I mean, you walk into the bathroom and the toilet is often in plain sight. 

You would have to actively avoid looking at it when you walked in, then quickly turn and sit.
The first thought going through my mind was "Why would you want to spend the rest of your life with someone who asks for a picture of your butthole AND calls you a slut before they've even formally introduced themselves?"

Then I read your comment about how she actually did it. You two were obviously meant for eachother and nothing should ever keep you apart.
When people can't keep their own neuroses in check and get irrationally angry at someone for doing normal things. Reading through a lot of these comments made me angry. 
And would it kill you to add a changelog? Judging by some of the replies I've gotten from asking about a changelog, yes, it seems it would kill you. 
Juggalo kitty! 
I found this out the hard way when coming to Leeds with nowhere to stay. Seems there used to be a bunch of smaller hostels but not for a long while.
This is why you never listen to people who don't know what they're talking about. Beautiful kitty!
No problem, enjoy. :)
Couldn't agree more. People who break plans for something better are the worst type of "friends." 
Just so you know, installing the "mandatory content" to the HDD and the play disc to USB works very well. I haven't had a single problem in 16+ hours of gameplay.

Minimum required USB is 16GB, though. Something to do with caching.
Will this still be part of Monogatari Second Season? It's a bit confusing with all these names for different arcs, especially with Bakemonogatari, Nisemonogatari, etc. preceding these as full-fledged seasons.
Especially with the older harddrives. My arcade model couldn't handle GTA IV being installed without having streaming texture issues. I upgraded to a newer model (black, 120GB) harddrive and I could install GTA IV and play just fine.

GTA V hasn't been a problem so far; installed "Install Disc" to HDD and "Play Disc" to USB.
~~Minimum 8GB should suffice, but~~ 16GB to be on the safe side.

Edit: Seems it's 16GB minimum after all.
For Â£6.40 you could make your own lunch for a week. Posh twat. 
Stay away from his twitter then. He's known to (very rarely) have severe douchey outbreaks. It's pretty childish. 
I'd take ten maps at launch if I wasn't under the impression that a lot of the best maps will be coming out as DLC mere months after release. Ten maps is a big step in the right direction, though. 
It would be worth trying. The USB 2.0 read speeds should in theory be as good if not better than the 12x DVD drive in the Xbox 360. And I'm pretty sure you can install full games to USB.

Installing the mandatory install to the USB and the "Play disc" to the harddrive seems like it would be the best way to go about it. But I don't see the the reverse wouldn't work just as well.

I'll be trying this out tomorrow as I'm cursed with one of the older models of Xbox 360 that sounds as if a Boeing 747 is starting up whenever a disc is in the drive.
It's totally possible and I was considering this as well. Since the USB read speeds should average at 15 MB/s you shouldn't notice a degradation in performance.

It would be a good alternative for those of us with older 360s that make more noise with a disc in the tray.
I've only had the game for about a month now and I was wondering.. is it worth trying to level up two similar crafting professions (e.g. Weaponsmith, Armorsmith) while I'm leveling?

Reason I ask is because I'm sitting at 60 right now but because both crafting professions take the same types of ore, I can't seem to make either of them work for my level. I don't remember the last time I crafted anything for my level that I could use.

Also, how useful is Weaponsmithing at level 80? Is it mostly a money-maker or can you craft some one-of-a-kind weapons that make Weaponsmithing a must-have?
Who?
Totally off-topic, but was this photo taken with a device running the Ubuntu phone OS? 
No, no, "rim down" sounds ridiculously dirty to me as well.
I did the same thing with Sona quite recently. They even had an Udyr jungle and Graves ADC. Udyr jungle had probably been watching too many Trick2g vids and thought tower-diving our carry was a good idea. Got a triple out of it and survived on half HP.

My jungler's reaction? "OMG SONA, STOP IT. SRSLY." He was being srsly.
"capable of raining good fortune on his allies and, in the very next breath, bringing stormy, thunderous ruin upon his foes."

Could be used to describe a champ like Janna as well, so it's not out of the realm of possibilities. 
Truly.
*Whoosh.*
All the rest have been done to death. What would you have him show? The toothbrush scene for the fiftieth time?
If you're using XBMC, the Volume Amplification setting under "Audio and Subtitle settings" clears this right up. 

I have mine set to 15db and I can watch any film where this happens without having blown eardrums or not being able to understand what's going on.
Not diving, but climbing the ladder to go for a dive. Maybe that's where the confusion came from.
[Even the tags hate it when you use tinypic](http://i.imgur.com/1wli1Bw.jpg).
Fairy Tail.


Fair enough. Unfair could mean both to me.
I should have been more clear that I actually meant credibility to by-standers, not so much courts. But I wasn't aware of the Stand Your Ground Law, either.
Or he could not lower himself to her level and just walk away. Unless she poses a real threat to his life I see no reason to escalate it further by punching the mom. As soon as you start throwing punches as well you lose all credibility as the victim. And the mom could get you charged for battery before you can do the same to her.

The guy was right to just walk away. In fact, he should be applauded because a lot of people would have become violent, verbally or physically, if they were hit like that. 
Your explanation for why it wasn't an unfair shot doesn't hold up. It was a clean punch so it was justified?
"I'm right-handed but if I punched you with my left, would it still be a punch?"

Cheating is cheating. Punching is punching. Neither should be done in a loving relationship. Unless you're into that kinda thing.
She was willing to bring a third party into the discussion to show you how your *feelings* were wrong? Good thing her friend agreed with you but wow, fuck everything about that.
Not really, just a troll. Chance is fine at the end of the film.
This would be better without the roles, then someone can pick 3 champions that they like to play and choose their role dynamically.
Same here on Chrome. Defaulted to video, no problem.

Running Chrome Version 28.0.1500.95.
Killer Joe. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1726669/
Juno Temple.
First thought: that's a food bowl for humans..

Second thought: I never knew I needed one of these this bad.

There was no third thought. There never is.
The Hulk looks like a green version of Sloth. Ugh.
I could get behind Jae's surreal artwork if he could just nail a facial expression once in a while. Many have said it in this thread but Supes looks constipated. Although comparing this cover to #1 & #2 his facial expression is almost an improvement.
Bear?
From [The Perfect Score](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0314498/).
Having more deaths than kills as Nautilus is pretty normal; his role is as a Jungler and late-game as a tank. He does enough damage to be a nuisance but you're generally not going to be getting kills with him unless one of your abilities/auto-attacks hits someone at just the right moment.
That's not a cameo, it's fancy dress.
"Now I don't have to worry about being overcome by my urge to eat these precious little puppies!"
What is IE? 

Because this is /r/summonerschool it might be an idea to use the name of the item at least once in the text.
Thank you! It's nice to know that some people understand my point of view.
Aww, she might just have [Bitchy Resting Face](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3v98CPXNiSk).
Thanks, I'll look those up!

> It is overtly clear that was how the game is played.

Having not played a Civ game before, how exactly was this made clear? 

And even if it was made "overtly clear" why would I not attempt to play it? Trying something new is fun.
This was the first Civ game I had ever played so it was a surprise to me.
How do you figure? Seeing characters who weren't even alive in the same century battling it out killed it for me. I would have preferred being able to play as one "emperor" from the start of his reign, trying to overtake the country/world. 

There's nothing wrong with the game, however. Just not for me.

But I guess voicing an opinion is frowned upon.
This is why I couldn't get in to Civ V.
I wasn't aware that a new Batman 'cartoon' was being aired. Thanks for this!
Too late to get giddy; it's been and gone up north.
What is there to take seriously?
FYI Google Maps can be this way if you've downloaded a section of the map for offline viewing.
Check out the specs and/or free demo on Steam: http://store.steampowered.com/app/8930/?snr=1_7_15__13
Aww, poor little sod. I'm glad that you've been able to keep her stress levels low; she seems very chilled out in the pictures.
Monaco and Torchlight II so far. Sorry, I can't pick just one.
Ahh, thank you! I've seen those symptoms in cats before when I've gone to shelters, but I didn't know enough about the diseases. 

Adopting a "flu kitty" seems like a very kind-hearted thing to do since I assume most people would prefer to adopt a "healthy" cat.
What is a "flu kitty" exactly? I've heard of cat flu before but do cats never recover from it?
Thanks!
I'd love to see the source video for this.
> The other guy is Jeb

Uhhh, no.
Ears straight back, tail flailing; that cat is in attack mode.
Making a shit comment himself by which to compare, I think.
Monkey Island and Broken Sword series.

Oh, and a really old Al Lowe game called Freddy Pharkas Frontier Pharmacist.
If you earn under Â£15k a year you most likely qualify for working tax credits which I assume is what Salvaxe is referring to by "topping up" their income. Working tax credits can be as much as Â£200 a month.
Do you seriously get assist gold for a kill made near a ward you placed? Or do you have to also be assisting in the fight? I know as a support you usually assist in all kills, but if you get assist gold from just ward placement, that would be pretty damn cool.
It looks like the kitten inside is trying to claw its way out.

Too cute.
OP is allergic to fun.
I find it hard to find a good balance between buying wards and buying items that will benefit my team. But now I see most people saying that items come secondary to buying tons of wards.

How does that work if the opposing teams' support is either a troll pick with a lot of damage, or hasn't been buying as many wards but has finished 2-3 big items and can heal/poke/disengage much better than you can?

And how does buying a ton of wards benefit Leona's tankiness if she can only afford one maybe two items? Surely she'll be useless in team-fights sitting at 2,3k HP with very little resistances or armor.

I'm genuinely curious because buying tons of wards over a good balance between wards and items hasn't been helpful to me in the past. I can see from item 13 that you only get your first major item at the 40 minute mark which is just suicide in my limited experience.
Noob here: so.. how many of these spots should be warded, all the time, realistically? Because if your support is buying say, 3 wards each time he/she goes back and the rest of your team is *maybe* buying a ward every other time they go back, you can't have have a ward everywhere can you?

I ask this because every game I'm in someone complains about wards when teamfights have already broken out and our mid is being pushed hard. Hindsight is great but how can people be expected to keep wards up all the time when they have a 3 minute duration and you need between 5-10 every 3 minutes? That's a tough job to put solely on your support, which a lot of people do.

Thanks for this video, I'll be putting it to good use!
Why you assume I downvoted you considering the sheer amount of people commenting and viewing this thread is beyond me. But thanks for the thoughtless accusation. Nice.
Yorick is getting a major rework so I wouldn't suggest this until you know what you're up against.
Not sure why you're being downvoted for this. I guess no one has ever made a mistake and apologized for it.
As is usually the case, sensationalist journalism ran rampant that day, too: http://www.beyondhogwarts.com/story.20050802.html
Love it! When and where do we get more?
And cycling in England is still dangerous as shit. Source: I grew up in and around The Hague, NL and now live in Leeds.
Just whatever you do, don't become "comfortable" in any way with being unemployed. I don't know how it works where you live, but here in the UK it's all too easy to become "comfortable" as a single person with only the income the government provides.

Don't even take a week to get back on your feet. Start applying for jobs straight away and I wish you the best of luck! :)
I honestly don't get why people are comparing the shooting gameplay of GTAV to Max Payne 3. I just don't see it. 

It looks like more refined GTA-style gunplay but nothing about it screams Max Payne 3.
So how long until Twitter decides to revoke Falcon Pro's access to token all together, meaning everyone who wants to use the app has to go through this?
[Yup](http://i.imgur.com/y5Z7Raq.jpg).
Nope. No stutter whatsoever.
If I remember correctly he was a little shorter than Crichton who was "average" height. So fairly short is about right.
That's gotta be Scorpius though I'm not sure why he's on what look to be stilts. 
Do you find ranked better? I'm a bit worried about trying ranked if Normal is this bad.
Thanks man, I appreciate the tips. :)
While I do try to go into every game with a positive attitude, it just affirms my loss when I see "956 wins" when I hover over my opponents. That's definitely a flaw in my attitude towards the game.

Thank you for your advice! I'll PM you my username and region.
Thank you, that's some great advice. And to be honest I hadn't considered that the people I'm being matched with may well have 1,000 wins but 2,000 losses, making the match up relatively fair.
I never thought about it like that to be honest. Good point.
I am willing to learn and to improve upon my mistakes, I'd also like to have fun while doing so. Being beaten into the ground by players whose skill level far exceeds my own isn't very fun or rewarding.

I'm a gamer and I always have been, so putting a lot of time and effort into one game is nothing new to me. I used to live and breathe high-level end-game raiding in WoW and would constantly be looking to improve my game. Wiping 15 times in a row on Kael'thas wasn't fun but at least I could learn from my mistakes.

I'm sure you understand where I'm coming from and I appreciate your responses. I'll take what you've said on board and just.. keep at it, I suppose. Hopefully someday soon my MMR will lower to the level it's meant to be at and I can start enjoying the game again.
I'm not making excuses at all. I don't have a problem facing someone I have a hope of trading with, but I'm facing people who have played LoL for over a year, sometimes more. I've been playing for 3 months at most.

I'm saying I would have a chance to learn against people of my skill or slightly above, not against someone with years of experience.

Saying "suck it up" is not useful when I'm losing my team games due to the matchmaking system dumping me in match ups that I can't hope to win at my skill level.
So, am I just supposed to keep playing (losing) these games indefinitely until I one day realise that I'm in the normal elo I was supposed to be? That seems really backwards and a huge inconvenience to my team.

I say an inconvenience to my team because I'm a big part of the reason they're losing at this elo and while not everyone is vocal about it, I feel like they would have had a better chance at winning if I hadn't queued up.
Thank you! Sounds like fun.
It might be an idea to explain what SNSS is as well. I for one have no idea.
So where does the "at least four eyes" teaser red post from three or-so days ago come in?
Thank you, kind sir!
Definitely need the original.
That's a different car on a different episode. The episode that resembles the initial premise for this film is called [The Homer](http://i.imgur.com/OwFKVIr.jpg).
Only he can't run as fast as the Flash. That's the point.
WHAT. 

You should definitely play the full game. It's even better than the DLC.
> You don't, which is fine.
TVs suffer from low resolution and input lag.

And monitors sit on your desk. So you're close to them. A 24" monitor would be more than enough and would allow for a better gaming experience.

My point was that there is no need to add a TV on to the price of a console whereas quite a lot of people will still prefer a monitor for a gaming PC. You don't, which is fine.
You've obviously never seen comparison screenshots between cross-platform games for the Xbox 360 and PS3. Sometimes the Xbox 360 was noticeably ahead, other times the PS3 was ahead.

Comparing specs does matter. And speculating on how the next-gen will pan out is fun.
If you game on your PC I don't know why you would want to do it on your TV. TVs suffer from low resolution and input lag.

If you're going to be building a gaming PC you might as well do it right or not at all.
A vast majority of people already own a TV. Someone who doesn't have a PC won't own a monitor.

Adding the price of a TV on to a console is silly.
A computer, sure. Not a computer that would rival the graphical capabilities of either console, though. You'd be looking at an extra Â£100 in parts at least and then you need to add on a decent monitor.

Although, an extra Â£100 isn't THAT much when you're already spending between Â£400-Â£500 on a system + games.
Not everyone has a PC capable of running it, though. For a lot of people it's 1 of these consoles or nothing.

I agree though; calling it an exclusive is odd.
Most of us appreciate the effort you went through and the fact that you posted this for all to see. I for one enjoyed reading it and I'm sure many other subscribers of /r/Games did as well.
The joke was working well until the "gas attendant" bit; why would you dump her right then and there, after she used a racial slur, if you were dumping her for being fat in the first place? 

Maybe replace "gas attendant" with "fast food employee" where the fast food employee got her order wrong. Instead of 50 cheeseburgers she only gave her 10. Bad example, I know, but it would make more sense.
I'm aware of all your points, thank you. My personal experience with players in LoL these past few months has been that, while there are a lot of nice people playing, the obnoxious kids are the vocal majority. 

And by kids I don't necessarily mean actual children, but people who act like children because they either don't get their own way or because they can't possibly fathom a reality outside their own and throw ridiculous hissy fits in chat.

I'm sure that the worst and best is yet to come, though. So I will keep at it and hopefully I can convince the people I enjoy playing with that it can get better.
That's a fair point; I hadn't thought of it like that. Thank you.
Like I already said, I didn't like playing PvP early on because of the caustic community of pre-pubescent kids shouting at each other while I'm trying to learn or enjoy the game.
Identity_free made one: http://www.reddit.com/r/adventuretime/comments/1grauv/i_really_enjoyed_another_five_more_short_graybles/canh935
I've had hamsters before and I've never seen one looking quite as dirty as he is. He also looks "moist" as if his water bottle has been continually leaking onto the bedding.

Poor little sod.
That has been my issue with Microsoft since their very first Xbox One press conference; they haven't shown the potential of their new console and Kinect 2.0.
I'm 29 so I'm not old enough to remember days without the mouse. I have however used Arch Linux in a mouseless environment and loved it.

The examples you give about how the Kinect could be used are pretty great. I just have a hard time seeing devs actually using the Kinect in such a way that would make me say "Hey, this Kinect thing is actually pretty cool. I'll be using this all the time from now on." Instead of with most of these gimmicks "Hey, this is cool but ultimately a hassle to use when I could just type or issue a command another more convenient way."

The one major game at E3 that was meant to be Kinect-heavy was Ryse and even Crytek admitted that they went from "Kinect-only" to only using Kinect for simple voice commands, a'la this-gen of Kinect. It didn't do much to sell the idea of Kinect.

Maybe in a year or two.
And what about the people who want nothing to do with the Kinect? Not because they think it could be an invasion of privacy, but people like myself who find that shouting or waving my arms at my TV is one of the most ridiculous ways of getting something done.

The problem with the Kinect being an integral part of the system is that I may one day be forced to use it. I remember the Mass Effect 3 gameplay trailers; all they consisted of were people trying to shove the idea of Kinect down our throats and it almost put me off the game entirely.

The way Microsoft are pushing Kinect it seems only natural that their vision includes games where Kinect is mandatory along-side the controller and that puts even more restrictions on my gaming. "Past midnight? Can't play XYZ game because I'll wake people up with my talking." "Warm day and windows open? Shit, the neighbours will be able to hear me shouting for shields or more ammo and think I've finally gone crazy."

Kinect should be a gimmick. You should never be forced to have it.
Don't forget to add that the PS4's harddrive is user-serviceable and upgradable while the Xbox One's is not.
Only Teggert posted this two hours ago. The top comment by olllj is 45 minutes old.
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com). Reddit is great but RES makes it greater-er-er-er.
OP's tag on RES is [http://i.imgur.com/CHcUno6.png](http://i.imgur.com/CHcUno6.png) -- this isn't his first rodeo.
I've had my Nexus 7 since day one and I've noticed no such issues. In fact, this opinion piece is the first I've heard of such problems.
That's the general idea and a real possibility in the future. But.. Microsoft doesn't have a proven track-record of providing competitive discounts on digital releases, so personally I'll believe it when I see it.
And given Microsoft's track-record on the Xbox 360, I can't see the sense in paying $500 for a machine with inherent restrictions where they MIGHT lower prices for digital and have good deals.

If they do, fantastic. That will breed competition.
Sorry, I misread your comment! Totally agree; there'll be quite a few games released for 360 in the years to come.
I think OP means he won't be sticking with Xbox in the next-gen.
Or he wants to know if these are the questions that people wanted to be asked the most and is aware of how Reddit works.
He's not appearing to be knowledgeable for the sake of the camera or audience; Major Nelson has a Reddit account and comments on /r/xbox360 (among others) posts every so often. 
MetroTwit works fine and always has. You should Google your problem if you want to fix it.
Your original post doesn't mention that you wanted customizable settings, but in what regard does MetroTwit lack them? It has a settings menu (quite a large one at that) where you can change various settings. Click the gear icon.

And you can make the "giant blue bar" thinner.
Felt the same, which is why I removed the text completely: [http://i.imgur.com/VUINc8A.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/VUINc8A.jpg)
Sadly no. I say sadly because I despise this type of behaviour.

You could try contacting Twitter directly but I don't think they would be much help.
MetroTwit is quite good as a stand alone Windows client. 

I've personally switched from MetroTwit to "Tweetdeck for Chrome" and just made an application shortcut on my desktop and quickbar. 
Mattrick, I've got a finger you can swivel on. It's my middle-finger.
EA has a long way to go before I take what they say as the truth. 

I do however appreciate that they are trying, in their own round-about way. It just doesn't mean that I have to believe they have our best interests at heart. They would still throw the consumer under the bus if it meant they could somehow exploit us.
BUYING Windows? Heh, you're a funny guy.
A quick Google on the game would have told you that it needed an online pass. Or you could have asked someone at the store.

Buying a used game that requires an online pass is usually not worth the price, you're right there. There are loads of games that don't require online passes where buying them pre-owned is a great deal.
Rehosted the image in question since the website seems to be going down every so often: [http://i.imgur.com/tFFRwic.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/tFFRwic.jpg)
Oh, hello Finland. Nice to see you made it.
He probably just has Bitchy Resting Face.
[http://i.imgur.com/dN6QmId.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/dN6QmId.jpg)
Maybe pre-judge was a poor choice of words. Everyone judges appearances but to think less of someone because of what they choose to wear is wrong.
No one is saying that people won't have an opinion about you. What we're saying is that if those people pre-judge you based on what you wear they're assholes and not worth your time.

And you should never pander to assholes.
Impostor! 
Is the audio delay you speak an audio sync issue when making videos? If so, I'm glad I'm not alone. I thought it was down to my device (Nexus 7).

Anyone else with similar issues?
This is great, thank you! We've been wracking our brains but I think you just solved the conundrum.

He is such a lovely dog. Settled almost right in from the first day. No interest in other dogs whatsoever but he absolutely loves people and kids. The only time he's bossy is when it comes to cuddles; he absolutely insists on nuzzling up under someone's arm, whether you're expecting him or not. But so well behaved that he never tries to cuddle when we're eating.

All in all I think my mum adopted a winner. 
No, Buddy. :)
Leeds but my mum lives in Hull.
Aww, your dog Telly is a cutie. I'd love to know more about his and Buddy's mix/breed, but all we've been able to pin down so far is the possibility of Corgi/Dachshund.
We have no idea! Well, we think he has some Corgi in him and a bit of dachshund for the colouring. Other than that, we're at a loss.
He's 7 years old. His previous owner was in and out of hospital a lot and they thought it would be better for him to be with a new family because he's such a love-hound.
Sad to say that it made perfect sense to my "British" brain. Even read it in an accent.
What does the stopping power do to the wheels and breaks after such a stop? Can the truck continue driving normally after this? And pull it off again and again without issue?
Noooo, not my cat. I wish!
> his daughter is probably naked

Based on..?
Who said he's returning? I for one don't think this source is remotely credible. 

All we have at this point is that he was maybe asked to return. He could decline or he may not have been asked in the first place.
So where's the (latest) Nexus 7 build? There's no dev sub-folder for grouper at http://goo.im/devs/paranoidandroid/roms/grouper
It sucks because it's not true. CoD prioritizes local connections; I live in the UK and play against people from the UK or mainland Europe, never against people from the US.
To be honest, both reveals have made me shop around for a gaming PC. I don't like the way used-games are being handled and if I'm not going to be able to rent games anymore then I may as well go with a more powerful gaming machine.
Indeed. The "always-on" is up to the developer.
Zach: "She'll need groceries. What's Renee Zellweger up to these days?"
TPA is out this weekend? Gah. I have him on PBE and besides the lack of sword swishing noises he's pretty damn cool. 
I just started playing Shen today and was sad to see that Sub Zero and Skorpion Shen weren't available. :( Warlord Shen it is!
Sadly, no. Very frustrating, I know. It's possible that the account may be culled at some point but the only time I've ever heard of that happening is for accounts that spam.
Why do you assume he or she had anything to do with this picture? 
Size means nothing. You've never heard the phrase "The bigger they are, the more The Rock will destroy them"?
Absolutely! Except for.. you know, his face area.
I hate when people matter-of-factly state their own experience with bodily functions as gospel and everyone takes it as such. Not everyone is the same.
As a Dutch-Brit living in England after having lived in Holland for 20 years, it never rains in Holland. 
It'll be nice to see Chris Oâ€™Dowd in something I actually want to watch for a change. It's been too long.
I watch Community and Adventure Time and I don't know what this is.
The tagline "All's fair in love and cold war" makes me cringe. I hope the writing for the show is better than that.
I hope you were trolling. I don't think I could bear someone being that stupid without prior intent.
6'5" here and the other seats always trick me into believing I can sit in them. Tricky little bastards. They could at least make the backing soft.
"Poison Ivy: The New Seduction"
Really? You thought the seal was swimming around in anti-freeze? Really?


..Really?!
Not too difficult to fix: [http://i.imgur.com/tM64Z3I.gif](http://i.imgur.com/tM64Z3I.gif)
> only loops somewhat good

"Somewhat" is right there. /r/perfectloops would not be impressed.
Just goes to show that a bunch of tattoos doesn't make a tough guy.
Me either. I think I used it for all of 30 minutes and then went back to the default setup. 

What really killed PIE for me was that because the top notification is integrated into the menu and therefore hidden by default, you can't see if you have any notifications until you open up the PIE menu. Because of this I ended up being greeted with 10 superfluous notifications when I went to look at my one new notification.


I just had an image of a herd of bunnies, all howling in unison. So.. cute.
In a game as big as Skyrim, some call that fun, others call it a nightmarish undertaking. Good thing these mods exist.
The Xbox version is miles ahead of the PC version in terms of user-friendliness. I've used it a few times to get two friends and one girlfriend into gaming.
The title doesn't say that the cat was theirs so I don't understand why you're calling OP a liar.
Nah, it's called Future Fitness in Leeds. But I've seen Curves around, as well.
We have a gym near where I live in the UK that specifically states "Women Only" in the sign. It really sucks because the gym is only twenty minutes on foot and is the only one close by. 
OP's is funnier.
If these men aren't trying to truly empathize with what happened in Boston then I think this is a horrible message. It's like saying "Well, there's more people starving over here in Africa! At least you poverty-stricken homeless people in New York get to the odd discarded bagel in the trash."

No one's comparing the two. No one should compare the two. No one should use what happened in Boston as a way to shine light on the lack of coverage in Syria.

Disclaimer: I'm not American nor do I live in America.
I know what I'm doing if I ever go to Arkansas.
Not scared you enough into voting for him, I see. 

[BRING IN THE BLOBBY!](http://i.imgur.com/eeoJRXo.gif)
Thank you, buddy! <3
[Especially for you](http://i.minus.com/iXOTMYEf4ve6C.gif).
Some kid should have micro-chipped his kitty friend. I'm sure the "new owners" did what was in their power to find out if the cat had a family already. OP probably didn't add all that to the title because it would have been too long.
The other panda is all like "Be cool dude, be cool; he's bringing us food! BE COOL!"
It would be a good idea to mention that this Kickstarter, as far as I recall, is to bring OpenShot Video Editor to Windows and Mac platforms.
I thought so at first, but now the Sunday Sport used it I'm not so sure. Is Brian even a real name?
I knew exactly what this was based on before watching the trailer and it looks awful. I don't imagine it lasting more than a season.
This was the first time I ever screamed while playing a game. You just couldn't have seen it coming.

Note: I've never played Dead Space or Amnesia, I'm sure those would do it, too. Or maybe not so much because I'd be expecting it, I can't say.
Live action, multi-camera.
When I did a search for any news related to the Seth MacFarlane Flintstones reboot, the only information I could find was that the reboot is unlikely to happen as of April last year.
This is from Californication S05E07.

Video Link: [http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xowkvw_camilla-luddington-californication-s05e07_sexy#.UVCstBwqzEk](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xowkvw_camilla-luddington-californication-s05e07_sexy#.UVCstBwqzEk)
Aww, he looks like my childhood Rottie. He was the most loving dog I have ever known and I still miss him loads. He lived to be a healthy twelve years old. :)
Don't be a douche. The guy's allowed to have his own tastes and he didn't badmouth the show.
And all this to give people an alternative to hosting on Tinypic. I doubt MrGrimm could have known how huge Imgur would become.
My bad, I didn't check before posting. I'm surprised the submission system didn't flag this as already posted.
The cat definitely has a [nose](http://i.imgur.com/cTz8Xta.jpg).
I'm not sure if you're arguing your point with me, but you should know that we're in agreement here. I don't have anything further to add.
I'm not saying she went out of her way to get him fired, but she did cause it.
This is a terrible idea because it vindicates all the uninformed masses. Has anyone read through the replies to that tweet in particular? Most are screaming sexism now because they say SendGrid fired Adria Richards for calling someone out on a supposedly sexist remark. Firing her is just adding fuel to the fire and making them look like the bad guys when Adria Richards is the real villain for overreacting to a joke she overheard instead of being a human-being and talking to the two guys in question. Her actions cost someone their job.

It would have been better for SendGrid to publicly denounce that they "had her back" as she put it, and to distance themselves from her insane and misguided crusade.

If she's even been fired in the first place. This could very well be a hack of their social network accounts.
She must have deleted that tweet because I can't find it on her Twitter.
What he would been better off doing is upvoting and moving on. One of the main benefits of having an upvote/downvote system is that people shouldn't feel the need to reaffirm the parent comment.
Me either. They both just sound like any other dude but not very much like each other.
> Avatar TBE

> I have never played a game that I don't like just for the gamerscore

No one likes Avatar TBE.. but the call of 1000G in two minutes is too much to bear.
What you said could have been a subjective opinion, but the way you said it was not.
Or "SHUT UP!" or the way they've taken to cutting to a new scene with another character finishing their sentence twice in every episode.

I love Archer but it doesn't need to be repetitive to be good. But I guess it makes it easy for hardcore fans of the show to parrot their favourite lines (see most of the comments here)
Such cynical bastards in the comments.
You deserve that for calling it a selfie. The camel knew. Camels are wise like that.

Edit: typo "Camels" not "camel is"
> The new one this morning... he was the one that got slapped.

You say that I'll know the one you're talking about. My life isn't great, but I haven't resorted to watching Jeremy Kyle.. yet.
I could be excited for this but it feels like I only just played SR3.
How is this not WTF worthy? I can't be the only one who uttered the words "What the fuck?" when I saw the image.
Not just a shop. The title makes it seem like they're opening a new shop in Leeds. They're opening a shop based around the One Direction BRAND.

It's like a Disney Store but with One Direction merch. Overpriced merch at that.

Fuck that.
When I can actually stand the people around me.
So the Top 10 highest voted comments on this AMA are complete garbage and a waste of everyone's time, except the person who asked the garbage-question because they can somehow feel like they've spoken to a famous person.

I say Top 10 because that's as far as I went until I stopped. For all I know this is all bullshit.
I personally prefer smaller TVs for gaming anyway; I'd never go above 27".

^^Obligatory: ^^"that's ^^what ^^she ^^said."
Better yet, WHY? I have very little disposable income yet could still afford a 19-inch LCD to game on.
You're quite right!

A while back I had a driver who, instead of charging me the morning fare which was due to end in 15 minutes, let me get on the bus and buy my ticket on the way off. 

Funny how the smallest of gestures can totally make your day.
It certainly happens but it does depend on the company and the amount of questions they get over Twitter. Xbox Live Support on Twitter is an excellent example of fast and courteous customer service, but then they have multiple people manning the Twitter account at all hours.
And their little faces. D'aww.. I enjoy finding slimes.
Sadly, not in existence as this is a felt doll. But I bet there are loads of happy hedgehogs out there.
The only way this would affect me as a gamer is if you can unlock guns and/or perks in a multiplayer game, e.g. Battlefield. Paying to have better guns that you'd normally unlock through progression is not cool.
As a Dutchman living in England, I laugh at your kids.
Lookin' good :)
I take it left is optimised and right is the current look?
As someone not familiar with Neon Genesis Evangelion, is the footage used from the remastered anime series (circa 2003) or from the new movies? 
Don't click the spam link.
*Shh* Don't let the others find out.
Website and wallpapers both look great on my Nexus 7. Lovely site!
Sure, if I could make it to the shops and back on my bike without feeling like my legs are about to fall off.
The developer, Joaquim VergÃ¨s, has created a petition in hopes of raising Falcon Pro's token limit. Go here to sign it and hopefully it will do some good: [http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/extend-falcon-pro/](http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/extend-falcon-pro/)
Begin at the first frame of the gif. That being said, it's just gibberish.
> at the moment.

Until they reach their token limit in 6 months time.
No it isn't.
Except they weren't as MWC isn't until the 25th. It was a coincidence that they were both announcing what they would be showing at MWC on the same day and almost the same time.
To the rape cave!
"After mommy milks you for some sweet bunny-karma."

Seriously though, adorable bun. :)
1 minute ahead of Ubuntu's here. Seems odd that they're so very close, though.
I'd be surprised if there wasn't.
And of course, no word or explanation from OP.
What you speak of is considered by some to be witchcraft!
Demonoid was good for obscure stuff but TPB was always the better tracker.
No, I'm on the bunny's side; I don't see him.
What bunny?
6'4" as well and my neck starts hurting if I have to talk to someone taller than I am while standing for more than 5 minutes. I'm not used to looking up while talking to people.
Those pads have seen action!
The possibility of the game not being developed by Rocksteady has made me wary. Also, like someone else has already said, I'd much rather have the game centered around Batman (not JL) and set in an open-world Gotham City.
Every single game I've pre-ordered over the past two years I've loved. I may pre-order games early but I keep my ear to the ground and I'm not afraid to cancel my pre-order if the game doesn't look like it'll live up to my expectations.
Ha! Fair enough; I edited my comment to include "(on your keyboard)" since that wasn't clear at first. :)
While this is a valid solution I wouldn't recommend protecting your tweets if you're brand new to Twitter, or at all for that matter. If you protect your tweets it's another barrier potential followers have to get through and it really kills the social aspect of Twitter unless you have a lot of real-world friends who use Twitter and you just want to communicate with them.
The latest version of HoverZoom works well with imgur albums now. Check the top right hand corner for a number, e.g. "1/25" and you can hit right arrow (on your keyboard) to go through the album one image at a time.
[Look at my horse, it tastes like lasagne](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoSEzTpbxP4).
That sounds more believable.
As someone with the bad habit of downloading anything that looks good I have to ask: have you watched everything you've downloaded or are you just scratching the surface?
My thoughts exactly. I don't like the idea that people in these Nielsen surveys "help out" their favourite shows; I'd like to think the point is to be impartial and rate shows/episodes exactly how you feel, regardless of your love for it. If the show isn't living up to its potential and hasn't been for a while, the Nielsen ratings should reflect that.
[Had to](http://i.imgur.com/6kWE1tC.jpg).
You can flush them but you probably shouldn't. They won't dissolve in water and can very easily clog up your pipes. Depending on where the clog is it could be expensive to get it fixed.

That being said, I use cheaper baby wipes that seem to dissolve better than even the flushable wipes.
Video: [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP-YLUU7-UE](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP-YLUU7-UE)
In what way?
Your friend is everything that's wrong. Ever.
Dr Who fans, [the lot of you](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pq_kHy-RlaU).
Calm down, salesman.
They're plastic? That's how much I know about the pots.
For just a toilet, that's ample.
I've honestly never seen a pot in a McD's in Leeds. Maybe they're afraid people will start glassing each other.
That doesn't really prove anything apart from his ability to lie on the internet. Which the OP may or may not be doing already.
Ahh yes, they need be added as TV shows! Glad you got it sorted. :)
No change in settings and my naming scheme is just the folder name.

At the moment. I need to rename some of the episode but I'm going to use [Quick Anime Renamer](http://animerenamer.codeplex.com/) for that. :)
I just clicked it and it sent me to MajorGeeks.com
Which scraper are you using? Anidb scraper works great and gives you exactly the fanart shown in the screenshot. The screenshot shown is also using Transparency! as a skin which is available for both Eden (11.0) and the latest XBMC beta, Frodo.

I just set mine up last night: [http://min.us/lbdcDrK4eVBtAx](http://min.us/lbdcDrK4eVBtAx)
I love the idea of swiping the post to reveal comments. Heck, I love all these ideas!
What do you define as a statues update tweet? A tweet from a specific used or a mention/DM?

You could set up Twitter to SMS you for both in the settings.
[ExpatShield](http://www.expatshield.com/products/) worked wonders for my ex-pat mum living in Sweden. Best Christmas present ever.
I don't think AskReddit even has spoiler tags.
I vote on every post I see and I'm sure many others do as well.

"Submitted by" could be taken out of the post info. Many other Reddit apps use a similar format to display post info and I've never noticed a problem with long subreddit names or usernames. I'm sure they can be truncated if needs be.
If you did add swipeable posts you could remove the little arrow in the bottom right and add the functions into the swipeable posts, similar to Baconreader and Reddit News. Swipe post, rollover options to upvote/downvote, hide, comments, userpage etc.
I'll just leave this here so it's in the proper thread rather than the general UI thread :) -- [http://i.imgur.com/ZL3KO.png](http://i.imgur.com/ZL3KO.png)

A way to quickly upvote/downvote a post without having to long-press/tap the bottom right arrow. But that might require a rewrite of sorts. I was thinking clickable (tappable) up/down arrows.
I'll admit it; I felt shivers when I heard Conroy.
Have you ever been in a top guild? Not all top guilds are populated by assholes; some actually enjoy the race to become the very best. Like no one ever was. To defeat them first is their real test. To loot them is their cause.

Goddamnit.
They are indeed! And a hand-written note. I wasn't expecting the hand-written note at all.
Holy moly.. how did you not throw up? I've smelled what comes out of drains along with smaller version "hairballs" and it's still one of the most disgusting things I've ever smelled.
Similar to Reddit in Pictures? [https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.antew.redditinpictures](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.antew.redditinpictures)

I love that app for quickly browsing through a subreddit's images. Makes /r/aww and /r/funny so easy to browse. I would love to see this in Reddit Sync.
Just tried it now and it works fine on smaller screens.
Bit crude, but this image should explain a bit better than I could: [http://i.imgur.com/KWROcl1.png](http://i.imgur.com/KWROcl1.png)

You basically have hot-spots; the top-half of the link is the hot-spot to upvote, and bottom-half is the hot-spot to downvote. You'd need to know the hot-spots are even there though because there's no indication besides a tutorial pop-up at first launch. 

You have to long-press the hot-spots to trigger a response, though. I hadn't used Reddit Flow in a while and forgot to mention that.

It's quite an elegant solution.
An easier way to upvote and downvote would be great! 

For instance, Reddit Flow has the option to ~~tap~~ **long-press** on the upper part of the link to upvote, lower part to downvote. This makes quickly upvoting a bunch of links very simple. Now I'm not saying you should rip Reddit Flow off wholesale, but something nicer than having to tap twice to vote on a link would be fantastic.

Maybe visible upvote/downvote arrows that you can tap on.

Also, I'd like to throw my mock-up in here as well: [http://i.imgur.com/ZL3KO.png](http://i.imgur.com/ZL3KO.png)
Not a problem! And I'll gladly take some stickers! PM'd you my address.
Not to mention the child-safety on the pill bottles, the fact that mints (as far as I'm aware) don't cause heart-attacks and he would be taking a nitro pill if he was currently having a heart-attack. But if he was having a heart-attack surely the family would notice because he would say something and not go for a wander.

Even if all of this is true, the rest of his family are heartless for disowning him for what was clearly a horrible accident that could have been avoided had every one involved been a little smarter.

I don't like to think that everyone on the internet is lying but there are a lot of somethings that don't add up.
That's exactly how I see it as well. Nerd is more an affinity with the academical.

Supposedly Hank Green disagrees with us, though. But what does he know?
I bet you can't wait to be 40.
Honest question: Am I right in thinking this only seems useful for people who don't have Reddit setup so that when you vote on a link it will be hidden?

If I've gone to a link I vote accordingly and it's hidden across all devices.
With a label hanging out the back and every person you interact with asking if you know your shirt is on inside out.
A lot of animals: [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homosexual_behavior_in_animals](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homosexual_behavior_in_animals)
Ah ha, I wasn't aware that this was only an issue on tablets. My own fault for not checking Reddit Sync on my phone first!

I appreciate the quick response, thank you. :)
You're very welcome!
Go into options and turn off "Open links with Readability" and see if that fixes it for now, at least until OneLouder is able to fix the bugs related to Readability.
Serious question: do you use Windows as well? Or are the skills you're learning readily transferable from the OSX programs to the equivalent Windows programs?
And hot linked the image from explosm. At least link to the page so they gets some ad revenue.


I think you replied to the wrong person since I never said that images were better than linking to the original comment.
Rat is rat in Dutch, FYI. :)

Edit: Although, even Wikipedia says "Rotte nest" meant "rats nest".. things could have changed since the 1600s.
Last half of Season 2 of Dark Angel, after Fox had said they were cancelling it. They had to quickly think up a satisfying ending to Max and the other mutant's stories and it was awful.
&#3232;\_&#3232; 

..Bring your own shovel.
Have you looked outside lately? No one is working.
You didn't read a thing I wrote, did you? I know you can link to the comments on StackOverflow, I merely stuck up for the OP by saying that it isn't blatantly obvious.
Because the image makes his point better than linking to a page and saying "scroll down to entry x for the subject." OP probably wasn't aware that you can directly link to specific comments; it isn't very obvious on stackoverflow when the "share" button usually only serves to share directly to social networks.
My 21 year old girlfriend introduced me to Radio 4. It's where it's at, figuratively speaking that is.
There are already identifying images to represent images, links, text or video links. I'm not sure if the video identifier works for any video that isn't playable in Reddit Sync, so while it's not exclusively a Youtube identifier, it can be treated as such to my knowledge.


[http://i.imgur.com/M7qNr.png](http://i.imgur.com/M7qNr.png)

I could be misunderstanding your request though. If so, I'm sorry and please disregard.
No you didn't, but you replied to someone who was talking about resolution, not quality.
The quality is fine. The resolution is too low for mine and I expect many others desktops, though.
These would be even better in a much higher resolution.
He's got the very same eyes as Toothless! At least it's a good indication of when something is about to fly across the room at your head.
Best part, if he pressed the shutter release using a finger on his right-hand, he could still claim his girlfriend took the pictures.
Someone who I sometimes talk to via Twitter and Xbox Live said he used to go college with the odious twat in the adverts, and that the actor is probably basing the character on this acquaintance of mine because he is nothing like that in real life.

Odious twat is about right.
So cute. We definitely need to see more :)
I wasn't aware.
Nice try, CmdrTroll!
Not "my" ABC by any means; I'm British. The ABC in question is the American one though, which is why saying Australia doesn't make any sense.
There isn't any confusion you could realistically encounter; no normal person has to keep reminding themselves to put it in the right hole. This lady must have had an unusually large urethra.
[What](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Broadcasting_Company)?
Have you contacted your ISP about this? I doubt that it's anything you can fix on your end.
*Jubei-Chan - The Ninja Girl* is based on *Hyakka RyÅran Samurai Girls*, right?
Technology has nothing to do with it; blame ABC News.
I think you misspelled "fabulous."
People who drive drunk. I don't care that you think that your life is so worthless that you feel comfortable getting behind the wheel when you've had a few, but spare a drunken thought for the people you could kill and call a taxi.

Same goes for friends who let friends drive drunk. If you're sober, you have the power to stop your friend from possibly killing himself and others.
After a quick Google I only found the following: [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1429629](http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1429629) -- it doesn't look as if you can install Ubuntu, only run it through a virtual machine which resides on your phone.

Not being funny, but it probably isn't a good idea to attempt it if you couldn't find that info yourself.
You start off speaking English but something really bad happens in the middle of your sentence. Did you have a stroke? Do you need us to call someone?
I know people who do and oh how I love waiting out in the cold while you throw your empty wrappers, papers and other assorted garbage before I can even begin to consider getting in the passenger side.
True true, but it was mostly that face.

Edit: [Look at it!](http://i.imgur.com/0007r.jpg) -- Tax evasion? More like, tax-awesome.. sion.
Jimmy Carr did it better. Because, well.. who can be mad at that face?
Oh wow, you weren't kidding:

> This game was also launched on December 4th and is the first time that PS3 owners will be able to enjoy one of the sequel to the highly popular Mass Effect. The reason why is because this was a trilogy that used to only be available for PC and Xbox users. Basically, BioWare is a game that recaps all of the events that had occurred in the original Mass Effect. Keep in mind that this game did come relatively close to winning game of the year.
That's one neatly wrapped present. I have one year to learn the secret to wrapping a gift perfectly as all my presents are wrapped.
If you're eight maybe. And even then you'd get dirty looks from the other eight year olds.
Quite possibly a stupid question, but who was the character dressed in the stripey shirt with a baseball bat?
What piracy? You're assuming that every single user who is uploading music files downloaded them illegally.
Ugh, this is outside Tiger Tiger isn't it? Or Bar Risa.. probably dragging her to WooWoo.
Is this the mission when you have to protect Willis while he's repairing or otherwise messing about with the plane? If it is, mines and a decent amount of medic syringes are your friend.

Get on the turret first and mow the guys down who are coming out of the brush. From there on take the guys out one by one and don't be afraid to get up close and personal with some takedowns. There's some ammo and a bulletproof vest in the little shack to help out.
Sadly no, the options menu on the console version is very minimal. There aren't even separate sliders for Voice, Sound Effects, and Music in the Sound options.

If it's any reassurance, you only notice the screen-tearing when you first start out but after about 3-4 hours of gameplay it's an afterthought.
Neither is noticeably better than the other, but there is significant screen-tearing in both versions.
Maybe for today's promo, but we don't know what tomorrow will bring. We may get some free apps, movies, books.. we simply don't know yet. 

Hotel Tonight is mainly for hotels in the US and Canada with only a handful of locations outside North America.
You guys should consider lowering your recording volume.
They had the same problem with the Nexus 7; I ordered mine a week before it came out and received it within three days, while people who had ordered it after the announcement speech waited another week or two for theirs.

I really love Google as a company but I would have to seriously consider whether buying devices from their Play Store is worth my time and money after having heard the many horror stories.
Less jungles, more actual roads. The aesthetic isn't drastically different but you will notice that the island has a more inhabited feel and less jungle.
Just.. no.
Or he did see it and thought he might as well give it another shot. Regardless, it's a fine shot and awesome for people who haven't seen it yet.
Totally your call, good buddy; that's the beauty of Reddit. I agree wholeheartedly that I was an asshole to the guy and you get an upvote for making a very good point.
Oh fuck right off. You have NO idea about this person's life. For all you know the person who gifted this could have been saving for years for the perfect present.

You don't know shit. So stop being an absolute prick.
Nope, Facebook quickly removed them after everyone screamed bloody murder. And rightly so.
It doesn't have Offline Maps but the new UI makes it "BETTER" than Google Maps on Android?
Well, a lot games journalists have given this game a resounding "hell no." OXM even went so far as to create an interactive check-list so you could score the game yourself. Here's an example of one of the items from the check-list:

> Insults relating to sexuality are so innately funny that they don't require context or purpose. Simply calling another person gay qualifies as a top-tier joke. For example, if a character approaches me with a gun, saying "looks like we've got a couple of queers", or "look how gay you are", that's fantastic. Gay people! Can you even imagine?

I'm sure some people would like it, though.
What exactly does it do? Rehost the images?
Judging by your typos, you may want to make your next a virgin.
There isn't much difference between Borderlands 1 and 2, except that in my opinion, Borderlands 2 is far more polished. The characters also have more fun and interesting abilities this time around.
Absolutely, point and click adventures are some of my favourite games. Telltale games are better than letting the genre die out, but the "games" they make are hardly a shell of the classic point and click adventures I grew up with.
Are you American? The game only just released today in the US.
Totally linear. I feel they missed a big opportunity there.
A set of missions where you play as different characters to the main story. It's not free-roam like the single-player game is.
Saints Row. Co-op in an open-world game.

Also, Dead Island. I'm sure there are more.
> Dog cannot help himself.

I read that in [this guy's](http://i.imgur.com/QFRFl.jpg) voice.
My girlfriend and I really enjoyed playing Borderlands 2 together. Her prior experience with shooters was limited but she soon picked it up, and since you're playing co-op you can rely on someone else until you naturally start becoming better at the game.

Does he like Minecraft? If so, the Xbox 360 version is great fun with multiple people.
> Why does reddit go under heavy load so often? Millions use this site

You answered your own question there. 

Reddit may be owned by a rather large company but they don't get the funding they need to handle all the users, all the time.
Nome of the Twitter clients on Windows 8 are any good right now. Style over substance mainly. 

Tweetro was acceptable, and AdvancedTweeps looks like it could be nice. 
With a name like ob-gyn-kenobi it should be your main account from now on. Shame to let it go to waste.
Have you tried Adblock? [https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adblock/gighmmpiobklfepjocnamgkkbiglidom](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adblock/gighmmpiobklfepjocnamgkkbiglidom)
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com) has saved me more than times than I care to admit.
That horse is better than I am at skateboarding, playing the violin AND playing the saxophone.
> Considering the game hits April 2013, you'd think they'd be releasing character info faster than they have been-

They seem to only be releasing trailers for characters that haven't been seen in gameplay footage. Batman, Superman, Green Arrow, Grundy, etc. etc. probably won't have their own trailers.
Post in the subreddit for your nearest city. You'd be surprised at how many people would be willing to travel to give an animal a loving home.
You can't have seen many comments then.
The cat looks like he's groomed regularly.

You can see him better here: [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJcEOoBN9k09](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJcEOoBN9k0)
Youtube never fails? YOUTUBE?!

The comments on Youtube do nothing but fail. They are a well known example of all that is wrong with open comment systems on large, popular sites. 
Shocker that. Though I don't remember any sub-group calling abused children "little tempters."

What the fuck.
"[If you wear an earring in your right ear, in England that means you're gay..](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=in9SiDtJLaU#t=45s)"

NSFW language.
It definitely is a spoiler to people who don't follow the Marvel Universe intently. I didn't know, for instance. Now I do, without reading the related comic.
Personally, I err on the side of caution regardless. Rather put something in spoiler tags rather than spoil a plot point for someone.
Please use spoiler tags. :)
The site came up with some pretty good suggestions, unlike most similar sites. 

That's really quite cool! Is it yours?

**Edit:** My personal favourite: CountCrack! When a Baron of Crack just won't do the job.
Either a Main Coon or a Norwegian Forest Cat. The two breeds look quite similar.

At least, they do to me; a layman.
I feel a bit silly asking, but is this issue out? I thought issue 1 was out yesterday.
Hmm, maybe they're having issues on their end. I wish Google would actually tell us what's going on with the feature; it sounded awesome but no one seems to be able to get it to work.
Where did you enable Scan and Match? No one I've seen has had any luck getting Scan and Match to work; for all intents and purposes the feature doesn't exist even though it was meant to be released yesterday.
Trying to find info on this as well. Baffling that there is NO mention anywhere on why this feature isn't live. It definitely isn't working in the UK or anywhere for that matter.
You guys would be better off sucking a country's dick that doesn't loathe its cyclists. Might I suggest Denmark or The Netherlands?
[He's no Mentok](http://i.imgur.com/ErvvM.gif).
Well, when you put it like that.
I could find a worse way to spend half an hour. There's some seriously crude jokes mixed in with some quite funny ones.

I do wish they'd lay off the fat jokes, though
> But it quickly moved away from that.

This new season they've gone straight back to the fat jokes with full force. Good thing there are still some genuinely funny jokes in the show.
That's a fantastic picture. Well done!
Skyrim and possibly Dragon's Dogma. You can find a demo for the latter on Xbox Live.
That picture makes my insides ache. All that nasty, sweet junk and you didn't bring back any A1 sauce? Shame on you, from a fellow Brit.
We have a lot of the things in that picture available in shops in the UK. We may not have the exact flavour however, in the case of the Oreos, or the same brand name, for example the Kraft Mac n Cheese.
It's already one of the top submissions in /r/JusticePorn.
From what I understood from the documentary Matt Stone and Trey Parker put out, every episode is made in 6 days.
Most do, South Park is an exception.
Now I can't stop thinking about chocolate cake.
Hate to break it to you, but it's not just the spam filter that hates you.
Like you've got Cool Hwip in your mouth.
Virgin Cuba Libre.
That's how I usually feel about games as well, but Dishonored really limits the player if they choose the sneaking route. You miss out on so much of the fun that it potentially has to offer. Instead you're hanging around in the rafters, which is great at first, but soon gets boring.
I found sneaking around to be unrewarding. Sneaking is a lot of waiting around and reloading saves because you messed up. Killing people on the other hand can be very entertaining if you find new and ever more gruesome ways of doing it.

You also get to see the kill cams, which if you're sneaking and trying for the "good ending," you don't. I played through the entire game without knowing kill cams existed.
> pretty much reveals that there hasn't been a stealth game half this good since.... well pretty much since Thief 2

Deus Ex Human Revolution is a solid stealth game that I can think of since Thief 2. It's not solely a stealth game, but the stealth is a large part of the game if you want it to be.
I played through mostly non-lethal in my first playthrough and by the end I felt like I'd missed out on so much. I wasn't even aware of kill cam kills until I took out [Havelock](/spoiler) and it triggered an amazing kill sequence.

Playing non-lethal causes you to miss out on things that could make this game great, rather than "just good." That's why I never understood that people were singing its praises in reviews or the like. 

I've yet to go back and play through lethal, but from everything I hear it's a much more satisfying experience.

Something else that bothered me were the NPC's "dynamic" dialogue. Because the developers had recorded 10 or so ambiguous statements or questions to be answered by 10 equally ambiguous responses the world had no feeling of life to it. "Do you think you'll get your own squad after last night?" "I believe so." The former statement making no sense because they were all found sleeping in a few select corners of the map last night, and no captain in their right mind would promote them. They did nothing of worth.

I found Dishonored to be sloppy in so many respects. Deux Ex Human Revolution gave you a much more vibrant world, filled with interesting characters with enemies that you could dispatch in either a violent or silent way.. or both. You had the choice of what to do and you *were* Adam Jensen. You'd been wronged and you had the scars to prove it. Your fellow "teammates" were a boon, not a hinderance. And they were all very interesting without having to dig through a bunch of their personal belongings. And when you did they were even more interesting. 

Corvo's character is non-existent throughout the world, save for a select few references to [the fact that he may or may not be Emily's father](/spoiler). His cohorts are boring and lifeless, and never introduce themselves properly.

Dishonored is a good game, but it falls short of its potential by a mile.

(Sorry, this became a bit of a rant)
There's no saying if it did or not. It could just be two different scripted events, randomly generated.
No need to be sorry, I was just making sure so I was buying the right comics. Thanks! :)
Holy.. [you weren't kidding](http://i.imgur.com/c5Agl.png).
HULK GET UNNECESSARILY IRATE ON INTERNET!!
Calm down there, buddy. I specifically said that I wasn't being pedantic.
Her mother is such a bad person.
He's obviously at home.
More of a marshmallow fan. 
You mean **Ultimate Wolverine vs. Hulk**, right? Not being pedantic, but Ultimate Hulk vs. Wolverine doesn't seem to exist.
In what way exactly?
So, The Daily Pixel is pretty much The Onion for tech? Why have I never heard of these guys?
They weren't saying it was bad, either; they were giving constructive criticism because they know more about the subject.
It takes more effort to order a pizza than it does to conceive a child. Actually birthing the thing, I can only imagine, takes more out of a person than picking up the phone.
I edited that post before you had replied to it.

> She did not push him, dumbass. Look at the video. You're just making arguments for the sake of arguing. I can already tell you're one of those people that doesn't care about the topic, just about winning.

Did you see her punch him? No, you did not. Unless you were there, on that bus, and in a better position to see what happened than the person making the video, you cannot say that she punched him. End of.

You're not willing to concede that you don't have all the facts. And now that you've devolved to name-calling, I'm done replying to you.
Unless you were there, on that bus, and in a better position to see what happened than the person making the video, you cannot say that she punched him. End of.
No one did. Because the video doesn't show it. She could just as well have pushed him.
This has nothing to do with her being a girl. Don't make assumptions.

Did you see him being punched in the face? No you did not, because the video doesn't show that. For all we know she slapped him or even pushed him. She was calling him out like a child. And he reacted like a child.

This wasn't justice at all. Just two people being idiots due to rage. And just because you think punching someone like that is appropriate in that situation doesn't make it so.
He only felt it warranted that response because he was being egged on. He won't feel the same after he's lost his job for flat-out uppercutting someone on his bus.
Yes, she was making threats. Yes, she hit him first. How hard did she hit him? She's a slip of a thing, probably a slap. That still sucks hard and makes you lose sight of who you are for a second. Did it warrant a massive punch like that that will probably have him jobless before he knows it? Hell no.

This isn't justice. No one was being victimized here; just a bunch of people who think they're still in the playground or ghetto. They were both antagonizing each other.
He was sat there for 4 minutes and 59 seconds, waiting to see the look on your face.
As a games reviewer for a small site, I cannot take Yahtzee seriously in his Zero Punctuation videos. I like his style, but as an entertainer.

I'll agree that if Yahtzee likes a game that it's often a fairly good game. But that's only because the character he portrays in his Zero Punctuation videos has impossibly high standards that no one can take seriously. And if there aren't any blatant flaws in a game he exaggerates minor flaws for comic effect. We get it, he's a joyless bastard; that's the character he's playing in his satire. Mostly it's a funny character but when he starts blatantly talking out of his arse it becomes a bit stale, even as entertainment. Throughtout his Borderlands 2 video I was shaking my head instead of sporting my usual smirk because he couldn't have missed the point of the game more if he'd taken a flying leap at it with a hang-glider attached to his scrotum.

For real reviews from actual reviewers, I like to look at GiantBomb for impartial advice, particularly their Quick Looks. Everyone has their own favourite game news site though, and everyone is welcome to their opinion.
Simon Pegg once instructed his Twitter followers to attack someone for saying that he wasn't a fan. Not flaming, nothing hurtful, he just happened to use Pegg's Twitter handle in the tweet. Pegg's response? "Can yâ€™all flame this dick-twitch.â€ 

He can be such a bell-end on the internet and there's no need for it.
> Yahtzee has played a lot of video games. He requires originality for a game to be stimulating and we all know that most sequels aren't that original.

This sounds like you're putting Yahtzee on a pedestal a bit. As a reviewer, he's just ok; he's much better at being a satirist which is what Zero Punctuation has always been about.

Why people insist on agreeing or disagreeing with his opinion I'll never know. The only reason Zero Punctuation exists is to entertain.
Brilliant! Thank you for adding the close button so quickly :-) 
Great! I like the feature, so I hope that a close button will be added in future updates. :)
It would be great if you could implement a way to close it. I'm using it in portrait mode on my Nexus 7 and it makes the column on the left quite thin. And sometimes I don't want to read the comments at all.

Great work so far. :)
Once I've selected a news story and the tablet optimized comment pop-up on the right side, is there any way to close them so I can keep browsing normally? The only way I've found is to back out of the app entirely which isn't a great solution.
I do the exact same thing, except substitute "kissing" with punching them square in the nose. But this only happens when I meet new people who are very important in some way; people who I have to impress, e.g. new boss or some such.
Even the drawing on the paper is of our lord. You do good work.
I'd disagree with you there. If someone said either word to me in Dutch I would instantly assume they meant taking drugs in one way or another. While both words can be seen from both points of view (sex and drugs) they were almost exclusively used to describe taking drugs when I was growing up in The Netherlands.
I'm having a hard time coming up with an experience that I would find more frightening than being on shrooms or LSD. 

I don't even like to get drunk because I feel like I'm not in control of my own body, even though I know that alcohol just melts away all inhibitions. Maybe I like being inhibited.
I personally thought the guy from the video in the OP did a much better job of showing the effects of the drugs. This girl was like a kid in a candy shop when it came to XTC; too excited that she was actually taking "hard drugs."
Not a fan personally, and it took me ages to figure out what was different about this image.

Also, what happened to the number of upvotes being displayed in a small, dark grey rectangle to the right? I hope this hasn't change because it looks much better the way it is now.

Image: [http://i.imgur.com/OVP0M.png](http://i.imgur.com/OVP0M.png)
People seem to be searching for a deeper meaning to this pile of drivel. Sure, there may have been a subtext that this reviewer intended to convey to the lucky few willing to put up with his nonsensical ramblings, but this is anything but clever. What a waste of time.
That would be another great use for the Lifestraw. But GumboVision was implying we could buy one and send it to someone in a country without readily available clean water. That's what I was replying to.
You can't not buy a physical copy of Borderlands 2 for consoles.
I think people took Google Maps for granted until now. It has always gotten tons of credit from little ol' me.
Most people don't know someone who doesn't have clean water.

We can't very well go on Craigslist.
Unfair dismissal. She was fired from her job for a reason that has nothing to do with the way she does her job.

If she was indeed fired from her job for starring in the film.
Yeah, then they wouldn't know that the GPS had been activated. Brilliant.
Someone's having a quiet night in.
I can't help but think this thing looks like a joke.

I know it isn't. But still.
I'm not sure if it would be better or worse if this guy's name wasn't Dave.
See, there are more valid reasons than "we'll turn into another America."

Thank you for proving my point.
None of which are valid reasons for ignoring the fact that there are more countries out there that have armed police officers than don't. 

We should not be using America's shortcomings as an excuse for not arming our police when I'm sure they are many other valid reasons out there.
Understandable. I'm sorry if I came across quite harsh in my first comment. Reading through the comments from other people using The United States as a good argument against armed police really annoyed me.

It would be easier to list the countries that don't have armed police officers. The country of my birth, The Netherlands, has armed police.

Again, I'm not for or against armed police.
And what about the many other countries that have armed police officers? The UK is the exception here, but everyone is piss-scared of it becoming another US.

Not for or against armed officers, just against ignorant statements that assume all of the problems in the United States stem from guns.
It's all well and good likening criminal activity here to criminal activity in the US, where the police do carry firearms. What about the many other countries where police officers carry guns? 

I am **NOT** in favour of the British police force carrying sidearms, but having grown up in The Netherlands I am also not against it. What I am against is people comparing the US and the UK police in this case when so many other countries have an armed police force. 

This is a terrible comparison all round and I can't imagine how people could be so short-sighted.
Well, it did help that the burgers were really tasty. ;)
I was waiting for at least 45 minutes in that burger queue, but it was worth it. You guys were doing great work!
Another vote for Dog's Trust. I went to their Open Day a couple of months back and the commitment these people have to dogs, and most of all, finding the right dog for the owner, is an inspiration. 

I will always recommend someone looking for their first dog to go to Dog's Trust.
That kid isn't going to remember his second birthday party, may as well have something that's remotely fun for everyone else involved. At least he'll have some great pictures to look back on.
It's in the sidebar now, thanks. :) Hope that helps people out in the future.
This is still the internet. 
And such white teeth! Kudos on keeping on top of your dog's dental hygiene.
Bow chicka bow wow.
"All mine!" But at that age he has no idea what to do with them.
C-c-c-c-cuddly.
I don't know the mods track record for dealing with posts that infringe on the subreddit's rules, but it was only posted 2 hours ago. They could be off enjoying the sunshine or some such.
Source: [http://us.battle.net/wow/en/media/fanart/?keywords=&view#/fanart-1292](http://us.battle.net/wow/en/media/fanart/?keywords=&view#/fanart-1292)

Please, please post sources when it comes to art like this. It took all of 1 minute to find where the original came from simply by using Google's Reverse Image Search.
Regardless, he needs to get in the fuckin' sack.
Terry Crews. Oh yes, please.
I always read these submission titles and get halfway to being outraged when I notice the source.

Damn you.
No sweat. :)
Awesome! But please link to the artist's page..

Artist: [http://www.deviantart.com/#/d5cvbgy](http://www.deviantart.com/#/d5cvbgy)

Original submission: [http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/z00rk/venom/](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/z00rk/venom/)
As a non-driving European living in the UK I had some initial issues.
Something to watch: "Wolverine: Chasing the Phantom" on PBS. Great documentary on these amazing animals. A video from the documentary is featured near the bottom of that article.
Good thing a vast majority of those images are photoshopped, mainly seed pods on human skin. That doesn't make it less disgusting though.
I didn't actually. I guess it makes some sense then why /r/gaming has such a hard on for Pokemon. 
> /r/gaming is for anything related to gaming!

Fair enough, where are the Eek! The Cat posts then? That was another cartoon that had a game made out of it.
That's what I was thinking. If I look even remotely as young and fit as this guy's 105 year old granddad when I'm 70 I'll be over the moon.
Yes please on the more touching. Not in a sinister way.

*Sinister.*
You're right, of course. But it doesn't hurt to take into consideration that some people may be taken aback by touching someone's bare shoulder, especially when it's someone you don't know.

Though, like Drude said his hand looks to be resting on her dreads.
For some reason I expected Mars to look more.. red. I don't know where I got that idea, Mr Quaid.
The.. other two? You know the DC universe has more than three heroes, right?
I was entering the case as it was shown. I ended up signing up for a new account instead, which was a bit of a hassle. Never have this problem with captchas.
Why are your anti-spam measures keeping out humans? I have unsuccessfully entered the "captcha" code about 8 times now. And the audio alternative is garbled nonsense.

I would sign up for outlook.com but it doesn't seem to think I'm human.
Definitely not worth the money, but it's the only case that I've seen thus far that doesn't look out of place protecting the Nexus 7. I don't want a tacky looking leather case for something as sleek as the N7; I want something that represents what is inside the case well.

And as people have said before, for the price you'd expect a smart cover.

Thanks for the pictures! I will be very careful with my N7 and wait for a nicer case.
Youre totally right. I dont know what I was thinking.
"Very NSFW"? By Oglaf standards, this is nothing.

I am disappointed.
You should consider using Adblock; it really improves YouTube viewing. I haven't seen an advert in a YouTube video, or the site for that matter, in years.
That's good to hear. The owner and developer of Instapaper iOS is notorious for his outspoken opinions on Android users and how he feels that we don't pay for apps as often as his precious iOS users do.

Does the Android Instapaper client still require you to have a subscription to the Instapaper website? I know 3rd party apps did because they weren't allowed access to the API unless you the user paid for an Instapaper subscription. But since this is being slated as Android's official Instapaper client, that might not apply here. 
Please tell me his name is Bubbles.
My only minor claim to fame is that I almost dated a girl that the owner of OiNK's once slept with. I never said it was a good claim to fame.
HorribleSubs has all four episodes that have aired so far. :)

[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kokoro_Connect#Episode_list](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kokoro_Connect#Episode_list)
Followed. :)
Distruction, datstruction.. let's just agree to disagree.
I should have been more clear in my last paragraph; I was referring to when meinhyperspeed was the sole developer on Baconreader. It was understandable that development stalled back then because BR had only one developer, causing many, including myself, to jump ship to Reddionic and from there to the many other Reddit apps that came out.

I've edited that last paragraph to make more sense. 
You could very well be right. My initial questions was just a thought that struck me as a bit weird.
Because Steam seems to dictate when these super-crazy Larry sales happen and only handing 70% of $2 to a developer when they're expecting 70% of $39.99 seems fairly wrong.
Disney: Giving children everywhere realistic expectations, one soul-crushing realisation at a time.

Hey, it's better than pandering to them.
I hope so, good luck. :)
I'm surprised that you couldn't get used to Reddit Sync. Reason I'm surprised is because it's the only Reddit client that I have easily been able to get used to, whereas before I was always hopping to the latest and greatest, e.g. Baconreader to Reddionic, etc.

I agree though, OneLouder hasn't been a great switch. Although even before the switch development was slow at best, and many threads had been started asking for ETAs on an update that was already a week past the last ETA. The inability to keep to ETAs is what made me switch in the end. Granted meinhyperspeed was one man who also had a job outside Baconreader, so it was understandable to an extent.
So what percentage do Valve take during these Steam sales? Surely they don't take 30% of $2 and hand the rest of that to the developer or publisher, right?
You do NOT want to image search "bieberconda" with safe search turned off. 
I've continued using DeskSMS by ClockworkMod. It sends any text you receive through Google Voice and you can reply using any Google Voice client on your computer or tablet, including the official one. Works a treat.
Reddit Sync is another very good Reddit app. Worth a look.
Same here. My mind just read it as it should be. I think my mind and I need to have a serious talk.
They refer to their company as a "litigation boutique."

Ugh.
56.2GB of *Normal* porn. I want to see the directory structure starting at J:\Porn\ and going down.. so far down.
Them's fighting words!
I think people are missing the big picture here: those Twitter widgets on the site! They were amazing. Much better than reading a slew of unformatted text.
Not until San Andreas you didn't. Vice City was a little over the top, but that was mainly due to the characters as it has been with every GTA game. San Andreas was the first GTA game that introduced balls to the wall insanity, a'la Saints Row, and frankly the two games should be kept seperate. 

San Andreas was great, but as you got closer to the end of the story, it was much less of a GTA game.
Oh no, I'm sure that extra 5 ounces will break your back. :P
A quick Google and you're dead-right; there are loads of different ways to make your own stand.
She won't ever have to worry about having kids if she stays true to her tattoo.
That's a compelling argument.
> you don't understand, cus you can't afford em.

That alone would warrant a love tap at the very least.
It's one thing to be wrong on all accounts, it's another to not be able to accept how wrong you are. And seriously, the Wikipedia argument? That's the best you could come up with?
False! [It was Lucifer who crippled Professor X](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Professor_X#Lucifer). 
[Correct!](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Professor_X#Lucifer)
Just because he was a bit shaky doesn't mean it was his last, imo. He really pulled it back after the roof had gone up.
No you wouldn't, FatHitman.
Totally adorable. But dating someone from /b/? You've gotta have some brass ones.
I bet they've done lots of cute things growing up. Doesn't make you a sicko, now does it?
I hope the latter isn't tagged as NSFW.
[Here's a link](http://vadimtrunov.35photo.ru/) to Vadim Trunov's gallery, which is SFW.
It doesn't look like they have any kind of stand, no. I didn't actually think of it when I read this article, but now you mention that would *really* seal the deal for me.
It's also about protecting that beauty from scratches to the screen and bezel.
I doubt he was making it up. He's probably just misinformed.
>*relatively* new
"Oh god, what have I done? Today was going to be such a good day, now everything's ruined forever."

That look on his face! I just want to give him hugs.
"Maow" = cheese.. who knew?
Mana what now? [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manakin](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manakin)
"That would break the terms of my probation."
Well, we appreciate your efforts. We're sat outside enjoying the nice weather thanks to you.
And this is what it looks like in Leeds right now: [http://i.imgur.com/voGjj.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/voGjj.jpg)

Yesterday was all rain and winds.
I haven't seen Russell Brand on TV for at least a year in the UK and let me tell you, it's been great. Now if we could only get the cast of Hollyoaks, ToWiE and Made in Chelsea shipped off to America for a bit..
I'm guessing someone just watched the 25 Greatest Unscripted Scenes in Films.
"Oh shit, now I has it, I don't know what to do with it."
Google Wallet. You get some $ for signing up (only to use with Google Wallet).
You find people who use ringtones immature?
Doesn't it lose its effect after the 50th time?
You should crosspost this to /r/Android and some large Android forums if you haven't already.
This has worked like a charm. No setting up poorly coded server software on my computer, just share the folder and away we go. Thanks for the tip!

P.S. I ended up using MX Player instead of Moboplayer because I'd heard good things and it's played everything I've thrown at it so far. I can only imagine how good it'll look on the Nexus 7.
What apps would you recommend for use with a dnla server so I can connect to PS3 media server? I've used PS3 media server in the past and it's transcoding is excellent.
Not even ladybugs? What is wrong with you?