That’s a fuckin token 
1. Assault Rifle
2. Pump
3. SMG
4.Sniper/bolt only
5.Explosive so Grenade/Rocket launcher


That’s the ideal set up at least. Usually it’s just AR and Pump.
Heh, our names rhyme 
Seriously what is dsogaming?
And me, who switched consoles and lost every single contract and BM weapon I had. 
I actually did this exact thing for my girlfriend since we just got the Pro and now have two, she absolutely loves it and has been playing it for about a week straight! 
I didn’t know prison had prom, michael’s gonna flip when he hears this bit
50v50 made it so satisfying to use. 
A Dogs Purpose, 25 to life, I can’t think of much else
Dude you have like two months to buy it, you’ll get your refund and the season isn’t going anywhere.
I saw the first shot and was like 

Really? That’s it? Absolute gar- oh okay that was pretty good.
Exactly right, though V-Bucks don’t transfer from mobile, they’re locked to that platform for some reason.
Between dusty and retail
Thought it was 30 seconds?
Kid just spams the sub constantly.
Dice doesn’t need permission from anyone to fix bugs and stability issues that have been in since launch but hey, here we are. 
God this game is dying. 
What leak? 
Just gonna throw this out there, if this happens, it would be so cool if there was a bald guy with facial hair, maybe an all over red tattoo, kinda too angry at Zeus, idk.
This is going to be fucking hilarious
Shit it’s only been in the shop once right? 
Holy shit vine is that old
And his look fucking dope. I like this Styles thing. 
Has anyone actually bought anything from you guys? Get fucked.
Perfect, others have said it’s a very loud and distinct sound so this works out. I like it. 
Fuck I was hoping it wasn’t that one
30 seconds in a shooter is definitely a lot of time. I don’t think it’s OP, but it could get obnoxious quick. Do you take the drink/crystal and use it as soon as you pick it up or can you throw it in the inventory?
What happens if you’re mid-air and the effect wears off? Drop like a sack of potatoes?
Oh yes that is true, though it was fairly short. Still can’t play as any important character yet. I’d suggest holding off unless you REALLY want it.
Also. (There’s not really any DLC, lol.)
I used to do this when I was his age, but more with Dragon Ball Z Budokai.
I think the only thing that will slow me down is I won’t have 8-9 weeks worth of challenges I can grind out. 
And a sweet ass skin boi
I legit started playing a month and a half ago and hit 68 before it ended. This is definitely doable.
You aren’t shitty, you’re just in a tough place. Try to get some rest and drink a glass of water. Tomorrow is going to come anyway, try to do your best.
Hey I remember playing this! 
Lol chill, no one cares man. 
Yo he straight up used the N word three times in three different tweets, then deleted them once people screen capped them. I’m dead.
r/trashytrucks
I’m getting a strong sense of coconuts
It’s USB-C and it’s for fast charging/macs. I’ll find it and link it mate.

[here](https://store.apple.com/xc/product/MNF82LL/A) 
I’m sorry man, at least you have sweet boobs :(
Depends on state mate.
Apple actually does this with their $80 wall adapter they sell, it doesn’t come with a cable, just the adapter even though the cord is also on the box.
I’ve read a lot of the answers, this definitely takes the cake.

Like what the *fuck*
I still have PTSD from trying to go down those subway tunnels in the PS2 game.
I’m pretty sure holding the Olympics actually has the opposite effect on a city’s economy. Isn’t that why so few cities even bid to host them nowadays? 
Until Dawn is like $15 at GameStop and Persona 5 is on sale right now for about $26 on PSN.
I worked this exact job. This is exactly right.
Didn’t they just sign the shit Friday? I’m gonna go hit up wombats post real quick
How do you feel about N/S Korea ending the war?
Illinois, checking in.
Nothing anything we can say is going to make you feel better.

With that said, I’d like to also say that we’re here and you can rant and rumble as much as you like.
I like this thread. I’m happy you posted. I’m happy we’re all here to read it and be with you right now.
I was single for four and a half years before I met my current girlfriend who I’ve been with for two years now.

I was lead on for two years in between that four year period.


It gets better and you will meet someone. My best advice is to focus on loving who you are and improving things about yourself that you dislike. 

You can always get drunk and ramble about it here. 
What’s pissing me off is it wasn’t even for me, it was for my girlfriend. She’s sat there for two days looking for the dlc in game before asking me about it. 
And that’s my problem, I was told by a store associate that it was. I’ll just return it and leave a review on the return receipt.
I wish I’d seen this sooner.
Bruh your username lmfao
About 5-10 feet per shot. It’s a good clip, but super easy shots. 
It doesn’t really matter what controller you use when it comes down to it. A bad player will still do awful with a custom controller or a DualShock 4. A good player will see a small improvement but not enough to justify spending enough money on one.

Most everyone I know use a standard DualShock 4, including myself. 
Ah my friend, this is Reddit.

One does not *simply* accomplish it.

We did it Reddit!
And I’m not in South Korea. Lol.
You can see it all over his face, the way his smile kind of fades away towards the end. 
NoSleep is what brought me to reddit, as well as my girlfriend. 

You definitely grow out of the stories, but you still love the subreddit.
Oh I get it now, you’re special needs. I’m sorry man. 
That’s definitely one of the dumbest things I’ve read all week. I’m at work right now lmao. 

Sounds like you aren’t very good with money management if you’re willing to spend $400+ on someone else. 
Different picture. There was no Walmart bag and the seat was a different pattern. I’ll link it.
Yeah I’m sorry, I love my brother but that thing is $426, I don’t love him that much
Ah, a purist. I like it.
Can confirm, mother shitposted me.
Oh god the anime non the fridge
I don’t trust this. It feels shady and planned.
Definitely would still buy
Hey I own that car 
Wait it’s a nerf? I thought it was a fuckin bug
Make a new poll and edit it into the text body.
Bruh think, they don’t want to actually know they have 2,000 out of they’re 2,500 viewers be under 12.
Outlast 1 & 2

Resident Evil 7: Biohazard

Alien: Isolation

Until Dawn

The Evil Within 2


I’d like to add that if you have PlayStation VR, there are a few games that could be added.
What about PlayStation VR and PlayStation Vita? Does it specify? 
It was pretty funny. I’d watch it again.
Lol alright dude.
u/domini384 was the one I was talking to, they’re the one who said that innovation was required and then when I elaborated on what they’re obviously going to do with Fortnite for innovation they said that’s not innovation and I told the user that they were being arrogant. 

You just made yourself look fucking stupid.
Yes, it’s two different people, both saying innovation ie new projects should be made, that’s what the comment thread was about. Someone didn’t like that Fortnite is all they’re interested in doing at the moment. 
[r u fuckin serious](https://imgur.com/a/YkqVTAn) 
That they NEED to innovate and come up with a new project.

I’m not sure if you’re able to read, or if you can read but you can’t comprehend what you read but please, be better.
And one day, we won’t have people like you clogging posts with stupid comments instead of just googling it or reading a book. This isn’t TIL or Eli5. 
Making presumptuous claims is definitely arrogance. 
[Here are instructions I found in literally a minute, you poor moron](https://imgur.com/a/E5t2gLO) 
You’re choosing to be arrogant, they aren’t going to try and make a new project when this one is doing so well and  whether you’re willing to accept that or not is your own decision.

Look at Paragon or even the PVE mode.
They will. They’ll do what everyone does, they’ll add new skins, weapons, and even some maps down the line. That’ll be enough for most people.
As in, this is all they’re going to focus on. They stumbled onto the next great multiplayer shooter. Just like Halo and just like Call Of Duty. 
This may very well be the next Halo/Call Of Duty.
Had a girlfriend in high school who was vegan, very controlling and obnoxious person. Someone slapped her with a slice of ham because she wouldn’t shut it in a GSA meeting. 

Not really relatable but I wanted to share.
My seen it. It exists.
Bud I think the white light is for heaven
Bruh
1. Stop whining like a bitch

2. Repeat step 1
Aw is someone lonely? Lmao. 
First Star Wars movie in a long time I’m not going to see in theaters. I’m just not into it I suppose.
Man this is weird. 
That would mean someone let you have sex with them.
Man I just want Lip to be happy. 

Can we have a show just showing Lip, Kev/Vee?
What’s the +FS mean? 
I still want to know how the fuck Atreus pulled off that many kills.
While it seems weird and really creepy, it seems he asked for consent each and every time it happened. Definitely changed how I seen his as a person and comedian but overall not horrible in the grand scheme of it.

Harvey Weinstein definitely pulled some super shady shit though, I haven’t looked a lot into Spaceys accusations.
He’s really just praised as an artist, when he just isn’t that good at it. I’m kind of comparing oranges to oranges, but alright. 
How is this a bootleg? It just seems like a crappy but genuine product.
Oh my god even his girl knew he deserved it. See that fuckin thumbs up? I’m absolutely dead.
What did CK even do? 
Seriously, I don’t usually listen to rap but even I know he’s just not that talented when he’s compared to artists like Kendrick or J Cole. He’s always just felt overhyped.
Curb your hope. We’ve seen this before, let’s wait until we see something get hyped.
I’m not going to expect shit until I see it. I’ve let myself get hyped too often about this games updates.
Oh you didn’t hear? Steve passed away.
I always forget about that game. You’re right mate.
Uh no, 

God Of War 1

God Of War 2

God Of War 3

God Of War: Chains of Olympus

God Of War: The Ghost of Sparta

Edit: it’s 6, I forgot about God Of War: Ascension.
Thanks u/Fbolanos.
You’d be surprised. They actually made 5 games like that

Edit: it’s 6, I forgot about God Of War: Ascension.
Thanks u/Fbolanos.
His little feet on the other hand, probably not too well.
Oh my god is dude alright? 
That would be funny as fuck though. 

*gets hurt*

“There’s an emergency number! I’m going to call it!”

“Hello this is Tina, Taco Bell, how can I help you?”

*visible confusion*
Dr. Strange. Don’t drive like an asshole.
Wolfskin, best looking armor until you get the good stuff.
It’ll be rough but you’ll be alright and you’ll both be better for it. Cheers man.
It’s pretty easy. Hey, I care about you deeply but i’m just not romantically interested anymore. I understand you’re going to be upset but I hope we can remain friends.

Like a bandaid, rip it off.
Uh no. 
This seems so fucked up. 
God Of War is beyond one of the best games of this generation. 
Have them as well, they’re wonderful. 
Thank you so much! 
Yakuza 0?
But it’s not for a secure login, it’s for ease of use. 
He’s had enough 
Do you think Bill, George and Barack just whisper to themselves and then Hillary is all “what’s up guys! How’s it  hanging?!” And they just giggle and move away
Why is Melania there but not the fat fuck himself? 
Still mad about the tea being dumped I’d say.
Thank you! 
Kinda need more than that. I haven’t seen this before and I’m not seeing anyone else saying they have so again, proof? 
The only thing really bothering me is how fucking unorganized it is. 
234!
Ooooo proof?
Is that not what it is..?
This does, you have to fully upgrade your health, if you miss that chest you’ll have to either reload a saved file or replay the game. I spent two hours trying to backtrack.
Nobody told ya dumbass to lock your advertisements? Shame.
I’m sitting here still trying to find the park 
Except the Nornir chest in Hel! Make sure you grab it! 
Can confirm. I bought it awhile ago and was very intoxicated, met a group of guys all playing on different systems and proceeded to walk me through everything, it was a lot of fun and much easier to learn than I thought it would be.
Oh yup! 
There’s a dark souls free theme
Just fuckin snorted laughing mate thank you 
Is it just a turn based JRPG? 
There are more than two genres man
Look into NieR: Automata, it’s pretty good.
What even is Persona?
I’ll let you know if I don’t choose to pick anything up! 
Think Japanese games man. 
Ditto, I’ll give mine away too
Bitch OC, not this creepy grease garbage.
I didn’t. It’s on r/all. You played yourself.
How do I block an entire sub
If it’s an internal drive you’ll need to reformat it, but if it’s external you can just plug it into your new console. I’d be sure to have your PSN account already on the new console beforehand. I didn’t run into any issues.

Edit: I checked and it looks like I have WD drive.
Sign into your PSN profile on the new PS4, then activate that pro as your primary and you should be set. What External Drive do you have? 

I literally did this over the weekend and I doubt our drives would be treated differently. 
If you have an external drive, it’s seriously as easy as just plugging in the ex drive into the new PS4.
The deets I needed to hear, thanks man. Why’d Sony drop them specifically if you know? 
Fun tip, you don’t see these but once or twice once you leave that realm. 
Yup, it looks like they try to match Krato’s level too.
[it isn’t much](https://imgur.com/a/dCMLSsd) 
Can I have a receipt reprinted for a transaction just a few days ago? 
We’re talking about the character as a whole, trying to split hairs is ridiculous. 
No they aren’t.
I’m still astounded this even has to be said.
I was in a thrift store a couple of months ago and I had just gotten off work, so I still have my nice work shoes on. I’m walking around and I almost run into this 70-80 year old woman shuffling around the corner, she stopped me and told me I sound like her husband when he’d walk around years ago.

I still don’t know how to feel about it.
Where the hell did you look it up? 
I had a friend who did it, fucking insane pay.
Why would that sound crazy? Almost everyone would. 
60FPS.
Shit I can say I learned something today. Thanks man, now go get an A.
I know everyone’s thinking about Black Panther and shit but all this reminds me of is the silver Power Ranger from Power Rangers Wild Force
It’s alright man, people just don’t like being disagreed with lol. I don’t mind being downvoted, my comment isn’t any less false because of it. I just don’t think average people will buy the game if it has God Of War but no Kratos. 
I have this exact bundle, I blasted through the game from Thursday-Sunday and played for hours on end each time. It was actually pretty quiet, my slim was definitely much louder with my SO playing FFXV.
That wolfskin armor though, had that for about 10 hours lol. I loved it.
It was actually games that hadn’t even released yet. God Of War and Spider-Man.
I bought it because I figured they’d keep working on it and it’d get better, five-six months down the line and it’s barely improved. When they added the progression update I was advocating it so much and then we got the Ewok Hunt. 

Ewok Hunt isn’t bad, but it’s not the content we wanted and they knew that for half a year. I just cannot enjoy a Star Wars game revolving around the movies and two of the most important characters in any of them aren’t in the game. I literally bought the game just to play as them.
I gotta be honest, I haven’t played a WWE game since Smackdown vs Raw 2008 lol.
They add bugs every time they remove some, I’m not even kidding. They also completely ignore what the community wants, like Clone Wars or actual customization and instead give us Ewok Hunt and a Chewbacca skin with a bandage. The game is fun but it burns you out fairly quickly. Be wary.
Is that a lamp to the left of the picture next to the stand? 
Dude that’s weird, mine looked almost identical. I’ll post a picture later.
God Of War 2018

Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater


I fought the one in Hel and that Valhalla move kept fucking my camera up,  that was probably the most frustrating thing with that fight. 
Yup, I was thinking the same thing until we were back into the cave.
Thank god. I like Atreus but not as lead. 
I gotta be honest, I just switched the difficulty to Give me a Story lmao
I could see Atreus taking up his roll as it is in Norse myth and wreaking havoc and Kratos having to stop him. I’m just not interested in a game where Kratos isn’t the main protagonist idk.
I’m almost positive a lot of people, especially people who don’t frequent sites like this won’t buy it if that’s the case. 

Even for me, a God Of War game without Kratos as the lead seems horrible.
Lmfao what? I only beat one of them. 
Valhalla!!!!!
Me too
You just keep exploring, there’s currently no NewGame+ though.
Yeah I seriously couldn’t stop playing.
Go home and lay down, use the portal to teleport home.
If you’ve finished the story, use the teleportation door and head home, maybe lay down for the night. 
Politely asked to turn it off

Stabbed with alligator by Florida man


Yeah, totally 50/50
Or we’ll just smack the fuckin phone out of your hand. It amazes me how much I’ve seen that happen. 
It looks like you may have just gotten the shields, I’m not sure how you preordered when it released Friday lol.
Lmfao while I definitely agree with you, all I could think about is that guy in Snakes On A Plane who throws the dog at the massive snake to save himself lmao.
You can always teach them to like it, you just need a strong backhand and some switches.
He completed his destiny, he became the hood’s rat.
Scooterhood of the scootering scooter, breaking ankles and riding the life.
HOLY. SHIT.
It’s not letting me open the witches door to go through 
There are two realms with it, kind of. 
Yeah and the disgusting reboot of Devil May Cry isn’t one of them. Buy the HD Collection and check out the origin of the genre, it’s well worth it. DmC has good combat, but the worst story I’ve ever seen.
Exactly what I thought of when I saw this post.
What are you even on about? Play through the game, there’s still plenty of gore. 
PlayStation plus uploads save data doesn’t it? Attempt to download it. Choose a date or time before your dumbass friend touched it.
Dynamic Theme
Digital Comic book 
Digital Art Book
Exclusive outfits that do offer a big advantage for the first couple of hours


There may be more but Idek 
This game is worth it.
Check your receipt, that’s where it is.
Receipt bud 
Definitely could’ve been anyone else, but okay.
I’m really not agreeing with you. I played my pro on both sets last night to see which set I should use and they looked almost the same, minus HIgh Dynamic Range. 
PlayStation also has Nioh, samurai dark souls basically. 
I own a Sony Bravia as well, I can see your point but it isn’t all that terrible.
Or a Westinghouse from Best Buy/Walmart. $260 for 50”and mine looks pretty good.
I know, I figured that out last night and was thinking of making a thread but someone already did lol. 
Nope, only the scars on my right hand from something else lmao.
Yup. Still got all ten though, scared the living shit out of me though. 
What? I checked last night and it wasn’t there, I wouldn’t have checked it again, thank you! 
Flip the inside sleeve of it inside out. We all have it, except I think steelbook owners.
Nakeyjakey on YouTube. Really great content on Video Games, also his music isn’t half bad.
I always thought it was around 2-3
Now that’s the attitude you need! 
I told this story earlier, but at a bonfire when I was about sixteen I got very drunk and for some reason I lit a firecracker I was holding and forgot that I just had for a few seconds. 
Probably farther into the story, I’m only a few hours into it.
I definitely understand that, I agree with you in the long run. 

Imagine you can’t afford it right now, you save up for a little bit and order it, it takes a couple of days, you’re getting more and more excited and you keep checking the tracking number, then it’s out for delivery but you’re at work, you rush home the second it’s possible, it’s there! You tear it open as soon as you can aaaaaaaannd there’s no disc.
This actually happened with me! Except it was one of the 20th anniversary edition dualshocks. It’s happened twice, Is this a common thing? Do they just set it aside for themselves or something? 
Weezer.
Fuck you Jian Yang.
I cannot understand shit you wrote. 
Base edition, that’s what it looks like if you turn it inside out? 
Fucking hell I wasn’t expecting much but I am still blown away.
It isn’t in the game yet. I was scouting the Internet last night and even made a post here. I guess it’s on it’s way later.
That’s weird. Must mean someone’s not going to be getting a disc in their case. That kind of sucks.
Then take it down a notch. 
Vibration in FPS games.
I ended up buying the PS4 Pro bundle they had so me and my SO could play games like Fortnite together and stuff.
Once you use the code, they’ll be yours.
It’s a semi open world game, exploration is kind of perfect but I’m only 2 hours in so far, everyone seems to agree just running through the story that it’s around 30 hours or so. 

If you haven’t played since PSP, you’re in for something special. I paid $415.86, I believe it was worth every penny dude.

Also, there is no season pass and no MTX.
Did you find it? Let me know when you do! 
It does, check your receipt! It’s two different codes! If you ordered online, check your email!

One code is for the theme, comic, art book and armor.
One is for the shield skins and XP talisman.
When did you redeem the code? 
What’s even funnier is if you spam square too much and Atreus doesn’t have arrows to shoot, he’ll yell “I’m not ready!”

Hell yea u aren’t, boi.
Not an employee, but I did preorder the bundle and I was there yesterday. I went for prerings at 6 after work and almost no one was there, cool so I’m in group 1, sick.

8:59 I pull in and the parking lot is packed, we all head in, there must’ve been 50 or so people there. Employees are starting to get everything ready and people are all hushed and excited. 

They loudly state “Everyone in group 1, come to the front and if we could have everyone else head to the back of the store that’d be great!”

Everyone seems to follow suit and I’m second in line now because I came to the prering, this older dude starts getting pissed because he thought since he was 3rd in line initially he’d be getting a copy without a preorder and starts arguing with the associate about it. She ended up telling him this was exclusively for preorder copies and that if he’d like, he can either come back tomorrow or wait until everyone is done and they’ll sell him a copy, he ended up leaving and calling her a cracker bitch.

 It must’ve been half of the people there who hadn’t even preordered trying to grab one of the 6 Pro bundles they had. Shit was stressful and I’m not even an employee.
XP was like 16/18 here or there to like 70/80 once it was equipped.
Find it? 
I tested it last night and just backed off and let him get his ass kicked. Nope.
In the last slot in the pause menu on Armor, should say something like “talisman: luck of ages”
What the *fuck* is wrong with us

Someone start an AskReddit, we need to hear more!
If this is the result of a game in development for 5 years, I’d rather die playing only a handful of beautifully engaging games then thirty a year that are pure shit.

Taking time is starting to become a necessary in the industry.
Yes, but you have to be in range of the PS4, can’t do it at work or on a long car ride. 
It has a loading screen, but it’s seriously a couple of seconds.
If it counts for anything, I was super drunk once and forgot I had just lit a firecracker I was still holding

Edit: [started a thread on r/askreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/8dqb65/what_is_something_crazy_you_or_someone_you_know/?st=JG8CS8EO&sh=3e37f504) 
About as well as you’d expect on something not officially licensed and using a touch screen, it’s okay, but I wouldn’t use it to play Fortnite or God Of War.
No it won’t, no one is going to whine about China being region locked. Who the fuck is going to whine about it being racist? Who? You sound like a fucking retard. Put your helmet on and get off the internet for the day, you’ve had enough.
You’re such a retard. There are legitimate reasons for wanting to region lock China. Take your stupid SJW shit and ram it dude. People shouldn’t have to have their favorite game ruined because some Chinese kid just NEEDS to win.

Edit: “wow personal attacks!”

*personally attacks*

Makes sense
I think region lock may be our next Great Wall 
You’re a moron. Yes it does. The connection is so shit anyways when connecting from so far away, it doesn’t need to be allowed. We shouldn’t have to deal with cheating. 
What of course not, go back to your social justice class! /s
Call Of Duty does it. No one gives a shit if it’s locked. 
Which PS4 model do you have? 
How far are you from the PS4? 
R-Play. It’s like $13 though.
This is so meta. I remember when his channel had like 2K subs. Dog bless boi.
Damn it dude I’m sorry 
Best thing I could recommend is contacting Sony at this point. I hope it does work for you though.
Oh no I mean I already beat the stranger lol. I just met the blue guy.
What hell no son lmao I finished the troll fight. 
Oh dude there most definitely will be, it’s the internet. I’d screenshot it all for you but I’m not even sure how to access my copy.
How are we supposed to read it normally? 
You also get all of the Digital Deluxe Edition content with it! Enjoy! It’s truly beautiful! 
Definitely until I get the hang of hitting down on the D-Pad go manage crowds and the combat system overall.
Yeah, Settings > Account Management and then Restore Licenses. That should work.
Well fuck
I paused it, then resumed it. Try that.
Now. Restart your game.
The 4K is so god damn good. 
I JUST FINISHED IT AND OMG I LOVE THIS STUDIO AND GAME
It’s Charlie
Nope. They’re probably going to see how many Pro bundles they can sell first. I’d give it about a month or so.
This happened to me last night about 4-6 minutes I’m at Tilted. Thought I was fuckin losing it.
Man I’m so envious. I don’t think there’s anything more respectful than finding something you love and going 150% into it. 
I’m late to the party, I think Android (stock exclusively) is fantastic and has really come into its own, but the Play Store is definitely filled with way too much bullshit.
What the fuck does it even say
Shit I’m sorry for not being outraged enough
If you have a Google/Alexa home thing, you can quickly ask and they’ll tell you. My gf LOVES it.
Why does this look like Tinder..?
Okay I agreed up until the DV accusations. 
It should’ve told you when redeeming it, but I’ve never claimed DLC for games hat haven’t come out. 
Also should include the theme and an XP bonus.
Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater.
Rockford for me, good luck though bro, hope it’s not too crowded.
Ooooooooooo
Attempting to easily identify and mark someone who’s foreign so you can treat them differently than a native is kind of fucked. But alright bud.
I hate his face a lot but I hate the fact that his mother spelled my name wrong even more. Get out of office you fucking wank.
Damn no Devil May Cry? 
You’re fucking kidding me. Is it as good as DBZ Abridged?
Wait so say I preordered the God Of War PS4 Pro, it’s already paid off, would I get 24,000 points then? 
Why would we want to spread this? There’s already a post on the front page of Reddit. No one gives a shit dude 
Lol
See ya there boys
Ala ackbar bitch
*HIGHER BOYS, HIGHER*
I don’t think so. If no one answers though, I’ll check in like two hours.
What are you on about? It’s out of stock.
They work at GameStop, you expect them to be happy? Sorry you’re being treated like shit my dude.
Not really a meme, it’s from Call Of Duty Advanced Warfare, part in the campaign.
I’m off the hook, I don’t purchase any of those.
That’s partially true, for that to be the case, it has to be on the receipt or told to you explicitly before leaving the point of sale.
Seriously. I’m going to steal that. I really like that.
Boy what’s good $3,450
The general consensus of the story for that game was it didn’t make any sense, it was poorly written and had bad levels.  I’m glad you’re at least smart enough to provide the fact that opinions are subjective though, good on you. 
Midwest here, doing it at 9 as well.
He’s gotten a number of things correct and way ahead of time. I don’t think I’ve seen him wrong yet. We’ll just have to see.
Wait some people actually think Black Ops 3 had a good Campaign? Lmfao. 
That’s fucking brutal. It’ll get better though, just make sure you don’t drink too often.
Jesus Christ now *that* is an absolute unit of a danger noodle.
I would fucking buy this.
Lmfao funniest shit I’ve seen all day.
Double pistols and the boat is why I loved Tomb Raider so much as a kid, I’ll buy it but my day is ruined and my disappointment is immeasurable.
I’ve been watching him for a few years and he does this quite often. He is probably the one person I believe dislikes Apple the most.
You made the claims, you provide the source to back yourself up. People like you pollute intelligent conversation when you make claims you can’t support. Sit the fuck down.
Yeah let’s get some sources. Please give me these sources. 
Yeah I’m sorry but can you prove that? That doesn’t sound very solid.
IF SHE BREATHES 
Honestly I don’t even think she knew how cartwheels work, like 

I have to actually *use* my arms? 
NA only, but Live.Playstation does these kinds of “quests” for upcoming games. Far Cry 5 had one that rewarded you with a coupon. 
I have an email from GameStop telling me.
Sorry friend, looks like I’m being agreed with
Newegg is out
[target](https://www.target.com/p/playstation-4-pro-1tb-god-of-war-limited-edition-bundle/-/A-53432403) 

[This](https://www.deepdiscount.com/goog/711719510239?&gclid=cjwkcajwk9hwbrapeiwa6mkwaeivzbzxys7d5o7l7dsgr0owrlusvpyadbevxhca_r-ax7boog2m8roceycqavd_bwe)


Yeah and they’re out of stock. I wasn’t wrong. 
But I’d beg to differ.

He definitely deserved more time, but these two stories aren’t similar and therefore, shouldn’t be compared.
They don’t specify which cover it is because they contain the same amount of content in regarding the product except the cover. I’d just wait and see, I’m not even 100% sure the Pro Bundle comes with the Day One edition and if it did, almost everyone has stopped selling them in stores and online. 

The best bet would just be to order a copy from the U.K. and have it shipped to you
Shit if Cory Barlog said he’s a god I guess that’s what he is.
I mean tough luck dude. You can literally have a U.K. copy shipped to your house from retailers, or buy a base US copy and print out the Day One edition sleeve.
Seriously in the fucking title though? 
It’s available in the US with the PS4 Pro Bundle.
You seem generally super negative. I guess I would be too working at a subpar development studio.
In one of the trailers a character states that Kratos is a god but idk. I’m confused about it too tbh.
Surprised none of the top comments have mentioned this but people use *literally* incorrectly quite often.
She moved ten hours away, to a new city for college, dropped out and impulsively got married at 19. She works at some grocery store up there. 
It definitely depends on the school you go to. 
Ah yes, apparently our slang as well since it’s being used in your username.
Man hell yeah. What irritates me far beyond that are people who comment on posts, completely ignore the statement made or question asked & instead post how they feel.
American here, is always hated pierogi, I wonder if it’s actually good when it’s cooked properly.
If I’m being honest, I’ve always been of the belief that Australians are just Americans in Australia. Y’all are always welcome.
We like spending money as much as we like making it.
We’re slowly starting again. Let’s see where we take it in a few years time.
Lmfao people think Toronto is even close to NYC?
Hospice by The Antlers
I think it sold out almost everywhere except *maybe* Best Buy.
You’re absolutely beyond stupid. No one gives a single shit about your garbage device. The post was made concerning iOS. That’s what most people have, OP shared that it was possible. 

You don’t even know what a fucking APK is, don’t forget other people roasting you for being stupid is public.
THE POST IS ABOUT USING IT ON IOS. WE ARE TALKING ABOUT IOS. 
Thats blatantly wrong. I use Remote play on my iPhone 8 Plus.
What do you mean you don’t want a complete stranger off the internet?
Oh shit that’s her lmao
No I don’t believe GOW 3 had the best either, I’m sorry if I upset you when I disagreed with you. 
I’ll do you one better, I’ll report it for being low effort bullshit. Stop spamming the subreddit with these stupid ass questions.
Woah hey, it’s good but not the best.
No, they don’t. Especially not Sony Exclusive games. Go look at Digital Foundry’s video on it or better yet, save the dumbass rude comments for yourself and use the search bar.
You’re the one asking stupid ass questions when you could easily just look it up and get an answer, but you think you’re in a position to be an asshole to someone else trying to help you? Go away.
Lol while I agree it’s a good intro, it’s neither not one of the best nor as iconic. 
Lol someone’s upset they aren’t American. 
I gave mine away two weeks ago thinking it expired in March, if anyone has one they aren’t using, mind if I bum it off you? 
Bingo, we have a winner. Every single person I know who bought the game has stopped playing. They only ever play when I mention there’s an update and it’s usually for about 30-45 minutes before they go “oh this is still broken? No CW? Oh everyone’s running explosive shot?” And then hop right back off.
Age of consent is different, you have to also be 17, not 18-100
I just finished it about a week or so ago, wow. Kind of saw it coming though. 
Yep, comes with theme, shields and XP boosts.

It comes with the Day One edition.
We have no idea how many credits will be needed for one skin but since EA does control it, we know it’s going to be an extremely unnecessary amount. 

Guess what we can do instead? Use REAL WORLD dollars to purchase crystals, which will probably be priced like COD points or Vbucks, where you’ll have to buy more than you need for one skin so you’re forced to spend more money. 

Stop defending the game. 
You just keep sounding even more stupid the more you comment. People can complain however they like, if you don’t like it then go away, mind you. 
Lmfao five months after release and you didn’t really have a lot of options besides naming two very lackluster content drops. I wonder why. 
If your opinion is that people aren’t allowed to be upset about a product they spent money on, you’re the only childish person here. You have no moral high ground from actively defending the developers, you just sound dumb.
No it isn’t. I literally paid money for the game, which makes it the opposite of free. Can you please try to grasp that concept.
I’d rather have posts and users like this, who don’t seem defeated and won’t accept being fucked in the ass than someone like you, who would willingly defend shitty content and lackluster development. People like you have been a constant annoyance on the sub, kindly go away.
I spent the extra $20 on the hero skins, I didn’t give two fucks about the Star cards.  Skins will again still cost money, the only difference being I won’t be hopeful anymore and thus won’t be purchasing them. I plan to keep an eye on the game but honestly, I can’t keep playing it. 
None of them are CW. 
I agree. He’s a good guy and he’s trying to make the best out of a shitty situation. I’ve been all over the subreddit ranting and fuming but Ben if you’re reading this, none of this is directed towards you.
What I absolutely love are the people who think they’re clever for saying shit like “Bye Felicia!”, “See ya!”.
What downloadable content? I don’t see any in the patch notes? 
Oh so the skins are free? 
I legit only bought this to play as Clone Wars characters. 
So because you’re happy with your purchase, no one else is allowed to be unhappy? Makes sense man. 
I’d check Microsoft’s coverage on it. 
No there isn’t. 

We’ve been had and now they’re just fucking us dude.
Tell the $80 I spent on this game to get a grip. 
What blows me even more are people saying “but it’s free content!” Bitch where, we have to pay for the game and then on top of that we have to pay for skins. That’s like going into a club, paying to get in and then paying for drinks and the second you complain thirty people screech that the music is free. 

I paid $80 for this game. Free? Where’s free? We’ve gotten one map and two heroes since launch plus one star fighter for a character no one gives a shit about. I don’t want to hear shit about the progression system. That wasn’t for us, that was so EA could try and get some brownie points for casual consumers to buy the game and get into it. 

This isn’t just EA, Dice is just as fucked. 
And not even the god damned hooded skin we wanted. 
Lol it’s from the official U.K. PlayStation channel man.
Buy a game and be unhappy with it? You sound fucking stupid. 
Oh shut the fuck up. They obviously had time to create, mo-cap and texture the god damn teddy bears but they couldn’t drop us a fucking new hero to say “hey guys it’s over, take this, we’re sorry it took so long”. They didn’t give us ONE skin that we actually asked for. 

Stop fucking defending them. We all paid for the god damn game and last I checked, that wasn’t fucking free.
Jesus guys let’s just let it go. Dice and everyone there don’t give two fucks about what we want. 
Nope. No Clone Wars man at all. 
Oh the game is definitely dead once the GP realizes what’s in this update. 
Because instead of creating content we want with the money we gave them, they’d prefer to slap the shit out of us constantly.
Honestly I don’t see why anyone can still find this to be an acceptable Star Wars game. We constantly fucking wait and then we get fucking smacked in the face by the developers and EA.
Absolutely garbage. They could do character models and designs for fucking teddy bears but couldn’t throw an actual character our way? 
This is so disappointing. Cool I can play as a fucking teddy bear. What about Anakin or Obi Wan Kenobi. No? Just the teddy bears? Gotcha.
Man is it me or does this seem like he tweeted it when he was high as fuck
You’re going out of your way to show everyone you’re a retard, it’s okay. Go away now.
Why are you so on this? Let it go. It isn’t your body so why does it matter so much to you? 
I don’t think so, that’s a transgendered woman, definitely a female.
Pretty sure that’s a transgendered female. I think it’d be she. 
I’m aware of the PSP Go, that’s kind of my reasoning for saying they wouldn’t. They aren’t going to make the same mistake twice.
PS4 Pro here, I’m fucking siked. I pay mine off today as well, you get paid today? 
Trust me, wait it out. It’s worth it I promise.
Bro the amount of people who don’t get it honestly surprises me. 
Guys she’s okay, but she did have a broken jaw. He was tried for aggravated assault. [source ](http://m.wbtv.com/story/37937867/graphic-video-shows-transgender-woman-being-brutally-attacked-on-charlotte-bus) 
That’s exactly what I was thinking too
When was it sent out? 
I found it, thanks. I wish I hadn’t watched it though. 
Fuck me I only watches a minute or so and I regret it.
Hell no where’s this footage I need it
God I love Toy Story
That actually makes sense.
I love this, but this feels like r/pettyrevenge
Yeah, except we don’t want your opinion. We’re all reading the reviews and watching for new info. This post is low quality shit. 

You think everyone over at the developing studio aren’t aware that it dips under 30FPS on the Resolution mode? They made the game. They’re definitely aware and they’ve likely done everything they can to improve it. 

Your argument doesn’t even exist, you’re literally just complaining because you’re that kind of person, how do I know that? Just take a peek at your post history. You’re 110% negative about almost any game you play. 

Go away.
No, because we want Polygons opinion on the game. 
While it is a bit obnoxious that you seem to be telling us how disappointed you are with the 4K mode, calling you a douche for it is unnecessary and kind of stupid. 
At 17 as well? Making her little sister beg and grovel? Describing what her body felt like? Feeling the need to let people know she masturbated as she slept beside her? 

Jesus Christ you’re stupid.  
She literally compared herself to a sexual predator. 
Her sister came forward with little to nothing to defend Lena or her actions. It continued until she was 17, which would mean far more happened than just “masturbating” next to a child. 
I cannot understand how humans like you even exist. She essentially took advantage of a child and you’re sitting there defending it. 
Because now they *think* they got it. It’ll crash after being up for a few hours. Shit is starting to feel like Pokémon Go.
And I still don’t buy it. There’s more. People will always come forward with the bare minimum. She’s a disgusting piece of shit.
We don’t know the truth. Lena herself came out with this, I doubt we’ll ever hear it unless her sister comes forward. There’s obviously far more than what she revealed.
Fucking okra oh my god
I know if I’m usually telling a story about something that’s happened, I definitely leave some stuff out that would sway the person listening towards my side than the other. It’s 200/10 likely that she isn’t being honest. 
Still pretty bad. People get branded sex offenders for pissing at empty playgrounds at night and you’re defending this piece of human waste? 
I cannot honestly tell if you’re serious or not. Dude seriously if you think that’s okay, get some help and stay away from children.
I’ve never heard or read this anywhere..

I’m stealing it.
Honestly I doubt it. Santa Monica studio is usually a developer who’s very strict on these things alongside Sony. What I’d recommend is just printing out this sleeve a little after release and popping it onto the game case.
Sony wouldn’t do a digital only console, that risk would be far too great to determine and we still aren’t really ready for that kind of transition. I can see it happening, but not for many *many* years. 
Paying off my pro preorder today. Seriously so hyped.
Bet, thanks man.
If I’m being honest, probably the hardest possible one. They stated that no one takes less damage or health, just that placement and circumstances were changed in the actual gameplay to make it harder. 
Was it released this morning? 
r/softwaregore
Jon snow don’t know shit
I knew i wasn’t alone. I’ve found you.
Usually sign ins and loads are done before a match, you’re 100% correct.
It definitely is. I remember trying to get to Netflix before and I aged three years waiting for it to open. 
Who the fuck told you to spend $400?
For people already logged in
Maybe stop adding shit into the game, maintain it and correct the already existing bugs. Test these updates extensively and then role them out after like a month. Like fuck dude come on.
Two hours and twenty four minutes here.
5 more hours boi
u/f8rge
Ouch my pride *and* my Internet points? Gosh I’m just so upset lol. 
Man you’re still on this huh? I’m sure it was reported for low effort content. I’m happy you feel vindicated though bud, you seem like you need it.
Oh my god yes. Oh you have a problem? Here’s a free month of service dude, take care.
Lmfao there are so many people like this at call centers.
I think the digital deluxe, stone mason and Pro Bundle editions are the only ones to get it.
I know over at r/GameStop they said that none of their stores are accepting preorders anymore and the chances to grabbing one is slim to none. I’m sure you’ll be able to find some online. 
I’m not sure how much of a change this can actually be though. Say you’re in Squads, your team is watching your back and you have your little hideout for your rocket, why not just max the sensitivity out before firing the rocket? 

Oh yeah! I knew I was forgetting one! Thanks mate.
That literally just reiterated what he said before. If we weren’t allowed to tag him, moderators would remove the posts, they don’t so it’s allowed. Get over it. 
I’m glad you can’t actually prove why you feel the need to be a dick to someone, and just proceed to try and insult me. 

Edit: I’d also like to add that you aren’t a moderator, so stop trying to limit what people can do on this subreddit.
Exactly. You don’t need to, but it doesn’t mean you can’t. It’s literally his job. If people want to tag him, why do you care so much? 
No, it doesn’t. You’re interpreting that into something you’d like, that’s all.
Thanks, but that basically means he doesn’t want to have to acknowledge every single thread. He doesn’t say in there at all that he dislikes being tagged or that it’s a hassle. 
Oh so you can’t find it? Why even try making the claim then? 
If I’m the community manager, I guess I’d just do my job.

But here, let’s do this, link me to where he says that.
He can be tagged in absolutely anything on the sub. You don’t get call the shots on what’s appropriate to be tagged in and what isn’t. chill out
Stop tagging the community manager? What? Who else should OP tag..? This is a Star Wars Battlefront II forum and he’s not really breaking any rules.
So no announcement today?
I think someone on the FortniteBR subreddit suggested it.

It’s weird how much they’re listening.
Uh man, you’re on a PS4 forum.
Usually always depends on players. Good examples would be like Devil May Cry, an average person just spamming the sword and then someone else chaining combos.
God that fucking fight though.
Can I ask where in Wisconsin?
No
Nice try Robby/Ryan
Mace Windu too.
Youve made my day. Thank you.
How the hell do US customers get it then? 
Link?
You don’t like the idea of fucking Cheeto dust covered toads? It’s treason then.
Check twitter.
Jesus Christ.
I’m not sure if you’re just stupid, or a combination of that and arrogant. There’s no timestamp on that, which means there’s no way to know when it was posted. You fucking imbecile.
Oh look, there’s no telling when the video was posted. Hm, guess I’ll just blindly believe some asshole on the internet!

[weird, I guess I do know what a timestamp is](https://imgur.com/a/Z7IQG) 
If you can’t show a timestamp, why should anyone believe you? 
Especially on Reddit. Somethings happening.
None of them have tweeted in awhile. I wonder what’s going on.
Lol no they haven’t so I fail to see your point
People seem to forget that.
Because the U.S. matters more to EA. Kind of like how Sony priorities Japan a lot more than anywhere else. I’ve seen no actual evidence of trailers being shown while we’re all still asleep. Show me timestamps of announcements. 
Someone lied to you 
Exactly this.
I just stopped playing tbh
Yup!
All I can think when I read that is some Christopher Paolini
Oh! Just a heads up, free to play games don’t require PS+
You mean you didn’t look anything up before you went and bought it all..?
Modern Day ends with 3, not really anything featuring the modern day story in IV.
I don’t want a solo season either. Nothing has been announced yet though so let’s keep our heads up.
Why the fuck did you let her even attempt this? 
Read the ESRB rating for this game. There are some spoilers.
See I’m not sure if they’re doing a 9PM release or if they’re doing a midnight. I plan to ask my local GameStop when I finish paying for my preorder on Thursday.
The new PlayStation Gold headset is pretty good, you can also stream Spotify on the PS4 while you’re playing. 

Find a playlist on your phone using Spotify, then connect it to WiFi and hit Devices Available.
I don’t care at all about Solo. I want Clone Wars content.
Has absolutely nothing to do with his race or gender.
Jesus didn’t this guy just steal PUBG’s format anyways? 
If you don’t have PlayStation VR yet and don’t get motion sick often, I highly recommend it.
Son, it’s just not what I want. She doesn’t like me very much and that’s alright. 
It would be bad.
Gold controller, all it’s showing me is Blue/Camo/Silver.

Sorry!
It isn’t showing up for me in Google Express so I guess I’ll have to go with the silver version. No biggie. If anyone knows how I can get it through google express with Walmart let me know?
It is.
I think Solo might be the first Star Wars film I don’t go and see. I’m just not that interested. I hope they surprise us all and it includes Clone Wars and Solo content or something.
I just read the official ESRB rating. Go read it. If there was one weapon, it wouldn’t use a plural version of the word but it doesn’t. Chill.

[massive spoiler](https://www.esrb.org/ratings/Synopsis.aspx?Certificate=35341&Title=God+of+War) 
Dude common sense is a hell of a drug.
Fucking hero man. 
Holy shit dude. Epic pls.
Gotta be honest, I doubt anything is going to happen.
Had a kid in high school get expelled for lighting his lighter in class.
Seems kind of stupid. 

“Hey can anyone tell me why George and his friends are trying to drink those oranges?”
I broke a sink in middle school, I was standing on it and it just came crashing down loud as fuck with water spraying everywhere. No one said anything, nothing. It was on the third floor of the school and literally next door to two large classrooms. I ended leaving the bathroom quickly and heading back to class. 
My first thought exactly was “..this dumbass kid..”
Ah I knew this was illegal!
I ignore it. I was 15 when it happened and she was 19-20. Neither of us want me involved. 
Jeepers Creepers 3. Did no one working on that film fucking review it before pushing it out the door? Like *god damn* what happened?
[if you have an iPhone](https://builds.io//?aid=1020) 
Tuck and duck boi
Pro. If they announce a Spider-Man edition, make sure you preorder it right away and continue to make payments on the preorder if you can’t afford it upfront. 
Mine has been cutting out a lot, I bought mine about a month ago.
Fuck.
He’s probably salty he can’t afford it, loves the skin and keeps seeing people with it and he’s just getting more and more frustrated he can’t have it.
It’s a free video game. 


F R E E
Need to downsize though damn hands tho
Raven. Definitely Raven.
You can actually just stay crouched and wait a few Nano seconds and it’ll go back to OSA. It’s a little strong. 
You don’t really need our help here. This is a preference thing. It’s a you decision. 
They’re all so fucking crazy.
I did. Called me a cunt.
It’s called intelligence and compassion. Try that sometime.
The fuck side do you need to know this isn’t beyond fucked up? 
Of course! I mean if that’s your kind of thing.
I’m afraid of lasagna 
Found the jackass
My dumbass didn’t read the post I’m sorry lol. I’d recommend Vapor 95 or the Synthwave theme. 
Holy shit I’ve been looking for something like this. Thank you! Are there any similar ones? 
Legacy Dynamic theme by far. It’s basically the look, feel and sound of a PlayStation 2.
Definitely Fortnite, Titanfall 2, R6.
They’re working on someone else’s property. They don’t need privacy. 
The only person here who doesn’t seem to know is you. That had a couple million people attached to it.
No, what got them to where they are now is not acting fast enough and not properly reading how players felt back in 2013. It was losing the Call Of Duty deal, or maybe it was just the fact that almost every Xbox Exclusive is shit. 

What will happen though? People will move over to the platform that’s focused on newer and better games. I was on Xbox for over a decade & I switched last year to PS4. Almost everyone I know has as well. Xbox just needs to step it the fuck up.

Like Scalebound, where the fuck is Scalebound?
This feels weird to say, but I feel like they need to let some of these IPs die. We need new and exciting IPs. 
As I’ve preordered this I was actually happy to see this, filled me with hype. I’ve already seen this twice before you can posted it but I’m not complaining.
GameStop has the collectors edition on sale for $60
What
Don’t get me wrong, I love the game, but playing since November with no actual new content except two heroes and a few maps have kind of burnt me out on it. I want the game to succeed but it’s just getting stale every time we’re given content that was in Battlefront 2015. 
I’ve already stopped playing the game, I’m happy they’re changing but old content we’ve already gotten is not enough. If it’s Solo, I won’t be coming back.
I can’t keep playing the game without actual new content. 
Twelve
Depends on which Dante. 

DMC1 Dante every time

DMC3 Vergil if anything else
*thrusting
Ahhahahaha endangering others lives with illogical foods to eat while driving! I love doing that too! God damn bowls of cereal.
Ah, that’s too bad.
Dude you’re on Reddit, don’t use too much logic.
It’ll definitely be fun, I just wish explosives took a backseat for a little bit. I want to get into real gunfights sometimes instead of the last two people popping rockets at each other.
There’s also no purchase limit, so if you find one with Rocket Launchers, you can literally carry nothing but them.
I think someone actually on that subreddit suggested this.
Jesus September? 
Nick has been playing video games competitively since like Halo 2, not only that but dude is just naturally talented. You’ll get better lol, it’ll just take a few years.
I like Fortnite and I’ve been watching your channel for a long time. The two just don’t mix for me.
I know ur only like 10 and I’m like 28 but I’ll like, totes smash once ur legal
Not really the time for shit jokes
The Last Of Us has a chill sound to it, the Legacy Dynamic theme also does too.
That’s exactly what it means! 
I can count like three games with BR modes. Ghost Recon would be perfect for it. 
A battle Royale mode for this game would be perfect
I mean you probably fucking suck at the game so who cares? 
That actually just happened I think. The Truth Or Dare movie trailers on YouTube show a scene why they’re all there and who the asshole is in the film.
People knew snape killed dumbledore because there are novels..?
I remember someone tried to ruin the crazy The Force Awakens Han Solo scene for me, but literally tweeted it 5 minutes after I had already turned my phone off at the theatre. I got super lucky. I’m sorry man.
MGS3 >
Really? I always feel a sense of great anxiety from it.
The snipers are too. I have a clip I caught last night, I’ll upload it later.
Seriously idk how this could even be a question. Now if OP asked about the AK, that would be a good question.
Lmfao I’m dead dude said thirty downvotes
Don’t the rules say no PC content..?
This is the 5 year old who starts begging for everyone’s small ammo because they found a purple mini gun they want to use really badly and eventually helps you win the game bc the other squad can’t build shit with lil Tim Tim over here busting their shit.
Bitch I’m trying
I want an unboxing video soon :(
Why is having to dodge or block an enemy attack considered to be ripping from DS? 
Uh nah bro 
What the fuck is happening and where am I 
Bro what kills me is the terms and shit they make and all of them use. Such a fookin normie, god damn Stacy’s not into my acne and greasy hair fook 
Shit thanks, I ended up googling it but I do appreciate your response. I should’ve looked into this sooner.
Bro they aren’t serious though right? That’s satire lol it has to be.
Ya’ll fuckin serious in here or is this entire sub a satirical joke? 
[Try this if you like.](http://www.walmart.com/ip/Playstation-4-Hori-Licensed-Mini-Wired-Gamepad-PS4/453883550) 
They usually have that kid styled controller at Best Buy/Target/Walmart for $20
I preordered the console edition from GameStop and I’m siked, my store manager said they’ll be doing a 9PM on the 19th. I’ve only preordered three games before, BO3, AC: Syndicate and Shadow Of The Colossus. I was disappointed in only one of them. Go for it!
Wait I have a 3 TB HDD with all of my games on it for my Slim, but I’m upgrading to the PS4 Pro on 4/20, I won’t be able to just pop my External HDD from the slim to the Pro it won’t work? 
The same thing actually happened to me last week with God Of War 3 remastered, though the disc was in good condition I was slightly upset having to pay the new price for an already opened game. I hope you ended up having this resolved.
It’s one of the 200 phrases you see on Reddit almost every couple of days. 
I mean, if it was supposed to be called GOW4, they’d call it that, but they don’t. It’s just God Of War. It’s a soft reboot. 
Mans went straight past full retard and hit a level we’ve never seen before; Super Retard. 
Everyone is going to recommend The Last Of Us and I agree with them, but make sure you play the DLC right after you do. 
Lean towards it was all bullshit.
Why are you pulling an Adam Sandler and pumping out stupid, pointless movies every couple of months? 
Lol
It’s a reboot. Hop off the “it should look super old Kratos and not new Kratos”
Glad I’m not the only one still upset that they did that. 
I’m glad they’re lowering the price so more people can purchase it, but I’m not playing a MGS game without Hideo involved. 
What is this referencing?
Today.
Or have 0 amount of eggs anywhere
*what is* a nu-male..?
Bruh 
Dumbasses forgetting to lock the post. 
Am I the only one who noticed that’s a piece of fuckin *pizza* with what looks like a Hawaiian roll? 
I’m all for shaming nice guys but this just seems like he’s an asshole, not really nice guy. 
Man the meta is too much
Oh man it’s cool lol, I don’t really get too upset about that it if I’m being honest. I can only think of a few but he’d definitely be one of them.
This sounds weird to say but I think Elon Musk could be another Tesla or Disney.
On a side not, my grandfather had a shirt in the early 80’s that said Sick My Duck 
Hey I have an art piece with this on it! I had no idea where it was from, I just bought it to support a friend! I have no idea why I’m using so many exclamation points! I’m sorry!
If I’m being honest, I thought he was dead and I’m a little disappointed he isn’t. The more I hear about him currently, the less I like his music.
I’m surprised no ones wrapped themselves in pieces of bacon and done this.
I’d definitely be okay with this. I don’t want to punish a good player because others are bad but this weapon is currently far too good. Maybe it’s a ratio to how much ammo you currently have? Like say you have 40 rockets, it’ll cost 3-5 to pop one off but if you have 20, it could cost 2-3?
I don’t think he was holding down the trigger but maybe he’ll take a second and let us know?
That’s why. Don’t hold down the trigger, it spreads the reticle, pump it kind of like a brake, but faster.
That’s actually a really good suggestion. I’d also recommend only having about 2-3 shots so it can’t just be spammed.
God I haven’t thought about that movie in years lmao.
I preordered the Pro, you think I’ll be able to pick that up at 9PM? 
I usually hate when people say this, but if you don’t mind reading, the book is so much more thorough and beautiful. I’m a grown man, sitting at work crying while reading it, that’s how good it was. I seriously can not recommend it enough.
r/unexpectedwholesome

Thought ya’ll were fixing to fuck grandma up.
I remember that noise, seeing that big fucking circle over the mini map and just praying “not me not me not me”
If I’m being honest, I’ve been playing this nonstop for about a month and this may have just made me quit the game. There’s literally no point in even trying to win if someone has one of these and is even 1% competent with it. 
That makes sense. That was my favorite mode.
It’s a button you press. I think triangle.
[close enough right?](https://imgur.com/a/zjUtK) 
Bruh
I had some points with my GameStop Elite pro membership, turned them into a coupon. I should’ve clarified that, sorry! 
I picked this up for $6 about a week and a half ago and haven’t put it down. It’s seriously so fantastic. 
I too like the idea of being a master of the thrust
Of course the kids name is Reece.
That’s some lovely bones level karma shit
‘Murica.
Is this because of that r/murderedbywords post?
Nah mate I think those are swimming shorts.
PS4 here too
Prove it
Drop kicking a dog is good fun..?
Huh? 
I don’t mind it all that much, just pop it down to charge for a little, pop it back on and I’m usually good to go.
Hell yes. Nero is chill but his voice is beyond annoying.
Wait it isn’t on Xbox One?
TIL  Jack Johnson lives in Vietnam and the songs he sings are for his cat.
Omg thank you! You know, I did listen to Justin Bieber before everyone else, Usher was very impressed.
It’s weird but I’m not complaining lol. Cheers mate.
Nope, Xbox has them but PSN doesn’t. 
I have sales tax on Xbox, just not PSN
[OH we have a right winged retard! How about Vox, who used the FBI’s data to report?](https://www.vox.com/cards/police-brutality-shootings-us/us-police-racism) 

How about instead of being an arrogant piece of waste, you actually read the article? 

Edit: [How about Washington University in St. Lous?](https://source.wustl.edu/2018/02/police-kill-unarmed-blacks-often-especially-women-study-finds/) 

Edit 2: [What about Newsweek? they reviewed all of 2017’s police involved shootings and found that black citizens are three times more likely to be shot](http://www.newsweek.com/police-shootings-killings-us-unarmed-black-reform-michael-brown-764787) 

Hilarious that you ask for sources, then bitch because they aren’t unbiased enough for you. Or “they don’t say what I want them to! Fake news!!!!”
[here is MSNBC’s take. ](https://www.msnbc.com/politicsnation/watch/beyond-ferguson--a-summer-of-violence-317888067829) 

I’ll be sure to continuously add more links for it.

I’m sorry I didn’t have fifty sources for you at the ready, I forgot people like you really like believe you’re always right and are willing to argue about stupid shit.
I mean there are more. You’d have to be pretty stupid to not accept that or know that it’s been happening. 

Danny Ray Thomas
Trayvon Martin
Stephon Clark
Oscar Grant 
Archie Elliot
Gary Hopkins
Johnathan Ferrell 

There are far more than this. It only takes a few seconds to look it up.
Wasn’t a black man just killed in his own backyard during a barbecue because police thought his *cell phone* was a pistol?   They fired 20 shots at this man. Twenty shots. 
Yeah not for me, it’s always $5.99 or $15.99 exactly. I can link some pics of receipts.

Like I bought that Fortnite Starter pack the other day and paid exactly $4.99, I even have one penny in my wallet.

Edit: [here ](https://imgur.com/a/pLE2w) 
I already own the gold PS4 slim, but I’m getting the God Of War Pro bundle. 
Taxes? I don’t pay taxes when I make purchases? 
Apple could do it, Musk could do it, really any company with a knack for beautiful design and strict privacy stances, who are also universally revered as being good would do the trick. 
I think more than anything this is ultimately sad. This is how things should be, but the guy is so absolutely terrified that he didn’t even notice his S/O holding something up for him to see and doesn’t look until the cop tells him to. I’m white and I’d be terrified, I can’t imagine how that man must feel, especially with the horrible epidemic we have in the states at the moment.
I just watched this two days ago. Weird.
Just hit below
I, uh, I’m sorry I asked.
Fuckin wot mate
Definitely the first one. I asked him to but apparently it was a no go. 
Where are you guys getting these wallpapered? 
Lol me too. This is helpful.
How do you get blue trail that shows you where it’s going to go..?
What has he leaked and where is the proof of him leaking it? 
Hmmm. Crash livestream tomorrow. I wonder why.
It was already looking way too likely for it to be Spyro. I’m happy either way. 
BO3’s story was absolutely awful, multiplayer was definitely fun. 

AW story was alright, not too great but hey, press F I guess.
AW multiplayer was also broken. 
I just *cant* put my finger on it
Ghosts had one of the worst storyline of any of the Call Of Duty games. Hey guys here’s a massive cliffhanger that will absolutely never be finished. Let’s also not forget that Ghosts was beyond broken for the first six months of the life cycle. It was the beginning of a massive decline in quality for Call Of Duty.
Who the fuck said it was a 12 year old? Who said he was 13? Take that dumbass, shit logic and fuck yourself with it, moron. 
Exactly. 
That’s not an anniversary. It’s more than likely Spyro dude, sorry.
Said who? They can announce either of these things whenever they feel like. No anniversary for MW2 vs anniversary for Spyro.
Also it being the 20th Anniversary of Spyro.
Nice L after Act in your username.
They usually announce it beforehand. So we’ll know before it starts, no announcement yet.
There is no stream rn
Dude why are you such a cunt? 
Cunt
That fucking car commercial driving down the road.

You know the one.
I’m starting to think Spyro is the announcement.
Imagine the GOT EMMM GIF here
How can you get so angry about it? Are you under the age of 10?
$14.99 m8
Where does it say Activision pinned that clip? It says clipped and then whoever searched it, searched by the most viewed clip.
Oh thanks man! 
No VR game? Man. 
What? Explain. 
Yeah, I looked up a video of the theme. Hard nope, the theme is blue and doesn’t look anything like it. This reminds me of the Blacks Ops 2 load in screen.
Jesus I haven’t seen an account like this where they just spam subreddits with stupid shit constantly.
Just thinking this. He may very well be a minor, but still have sexual feelings towards children. Still dangerous and disgusting.
Begin typing. Start at where it all ended, press backspace for three years and then finish. Complete.
I’m not sure if you’re out of the loop or not, but Raven Software change the mural on this wall in the studio corresponding to the game they’re making.
This doesn’t look anything at all resembling MW2. Can someone please try to explain?
$2.34 here m8
Tell it to us straight doctor, will he? 
Bingo
There are probably more reasons for it than them just not implementing it.
I’ve grown to just love this community/subreddit more and more. I’ll take one if chosen! 
What’s CODtracker?
Dude you’re good, only reason I know is bc that’s my GT for Xbox and PS.
Also it’s Falkor lol
Yeah I just watched it a few weeks ago, I was drunk as all hell though so idk.
I will fucking fight you. Take it *BACK*
Justin, go eat some tangy asshole.
So that’s what Raven was working on.
That was like the stupidest shit I’ve read all day, “yeah I made some porn, then gave my username to an old friend who’s known to be a pos.” How fucking dumb can you possibly be? 
This is awful. Where exactly is the revenge..?
It’s LAX, not some fucking midwestern strip of asphalt. To the fourth largest airport in the world. One of them is obviously white and one is black. Seriously dude, stop being fucking retarded.
F
No serious question though. Are you as dumb as you’re acting right now? It’s very obvious it isn’t the same person. 
Mate, skin color doesn’t change that much lmfao.
Mate I’m gonna drop it likes it hot w you, covering my penis in rubber just doesn’t come close to feeling as good as sloshing my meat log in raw ok

/s
Thankfully I waited, but I was dying for a physical copy.
Metal Gear Solid is pretty *solid*
*Hey guys this Austin, and today we’re asking the question; is the baby blender 348 worth it in 2032?*
The fuck is a kettle though seriously
*THATS IT*
Or, a system to get rid of children you don’t want. 
Protip: don’t do it at all
It’s like Tom Hardy, Idris Elba and Gerard Butler man. 

I’m not gay, but hey.
Wait what is this from? 
We, the order of Yoni, shall forever be virgins! 

Serious note though. This might top everything I’ve ever read. 
I have absolutely no idea how to play, but it looks super fun! 
Uh I mean competitive usually means ranked matches, etc.

Rainbow Six Siege, Gears Of War, Call Of Duty, etc. 
Don’t get a chrome cast if you’re trying to cast to the television/PS4. Get one of the AV to lighting adapters. They’re like $39.00 at Walmart, don’t need Internet at all and work very well. This will put less strain on your hotspot.

[it’s $43 right now, but order for in store pickup from the app or web and you get a $5 discount](http://www.walmart.com/ip/Apple-Lightning-Digital-AV-Adapter-Lightning-to-HDMI-adapter-HDMI-Lightning/44705398) 
I’d definitely agree it’s a very good third person shooter, but not so much on the competitive side.
You know, I always hated Greek mythology because everyone just seemed like such an asshole and it was depressing. 
It really depends on the game and developers. CoD WWII had a preorder theme and it’s not available in the U.K. or the US, but is available on the Japanese PSN store for free. 
Shit goes down, let’s hope us Americans act sooner than we did before. We got you bro. Cheers.
Lol I know what you mean, I picked up a copy on Saturday.
Yeah, and he’s already posted about it a shit ton. It doesn’t need to be every other day. Good job, you’re now the weight you were supposed to be all along, you’ve lost it and we’re all proud of you, let’s move on. 
The person constantly spamming Reddit for Internet points and the people defending it. 
He’s obviously milking it for karma, it irritated me enough that I tapped on the post and sorted by controversial. It’s annoying. 
Titanfall 2.
Boy ya trump supporting ass can suck a dick. 
Bro thank her for all of us. Without her hard work and sacrifice we wouldn’t have you.
Cooking is like a lot of things, some people are just going to be good at it while some will be bad at it. Kind of like how you’re an asshole and other people aren’t. Get fucked and take this downvote mate.
My mom actually tagged me in this around Thursday, I admitted that was 200% accurate and she ended up coming over Saturday and cooking a bunch. I’ve been eating leftovers and will continue to eat them for the next week. I love you mom. 
BIFROST?!
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen
Hey!
Achievements are far better in my opinion, though getting your first platinum feels like your first win in Fortnite. 

I still own my Xbox One S, but I rarely play it sense all I’ve been playing lately are PS exclusives.

 I don’t however feel that my time and money spent on Xbox have been wasted, I still love the company and the machine. If I own a game on Xbox, I don’t buy it on PlayStation. 

I’m glad I’ve primarily switched over to PlayStation, as it’s what I really grew up on and have nostalgia for. I joined Xbox with the 360 and left just a few months ago. 
r/murderedbywords 
 I just did too! I love it! 
Poor lil tin tin
Oh I know exactly what you’re talking about. I just bought a cheap 1080P 28” tv.
Prey, NieR: Automata, Fortnite and Devil May Cry.
How stupid can you possibly be? 
Did you just nitpick? Why was that even necessary? We aren’t rounding up, it’s 39.6%. Not 40%. I could’ve replied and been a dick, seeing how me saying 30% is hell of a lot closer than you saying 70%, but let’s set that side. I’m done with the conversation man. 

Also, it’s 25-30 for overweight. 30 or higher for obese.

The guys who originally commented said 30+, meaning obese. 
As of 2015-2016, Adults aged 20 or older, only 39.6% are obese. [Bottom of the third paragraph](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obesity_in_the_United_States) 
While I want to believe she honestly cared enough to think about that and plot it, it was probably because it was just easier to do. Throw the card, then toss the drink for the added effect of *fuck you dude*
LOL. Shit sorry guys.
Wait what
One of them is white, one of them is black. Two different people lol.
Not really, it’s more of them just trying to repair the game after everything PR wise. Ubisoft did it with R6, I’m sure EA/Dice can do it with this.
I agree with you, but I did spend $20 extra on the two TLJ skins.
When did 30% turn into a majority
It’s only being closed on its low season so June-September. It’s open any other time.
What the fuck is a professional cosplayer? 
Boy you just played yourself. Take this half baked retarded shit down and stop harassing the man. He was cleaning some shit up and you’re gonna go out there bothering him. 

You’re lucky he didn’t bitch slap you because anyone else would’ve. 
Who told this old dude it’s cool to wear his sons clothes? 

The cringiest bit is by far at the end.

Edit: grandsons clothes
You’re right! Thank you!
Literally any Nintendo game they constantly pump out for the past and next thirty years.
Gen1 was and will always be the best. I stopped playing Pokémon after they came out with the DS and Pearl.
I live where this happened, he’s an ex cop and was actually unharmed, he was commended for doing this and had no charges filed against him.
Can’t cancel digital preorders I think.
No fuckin way
Oh shit this is real 
Hey this is me everytime I see his face 
Ya’ll know she isn’t cooking shit lmfao
Yeah man of course. I’ll PM you.
Jesus Christ you have to be absolutely retarded to honestly believe someone who’s running customer support has insider information on a product that HAS NOT even been announced. You’re grasping as much as you can grab.  

Each person is going to handle the chat differently, some will tell you it’s coming in a few weeks, even a few months just to get you off the chat because as soon as you disconnect and that time comes and it isn’t released, if you decide to angrily chat back in the odds are you won’t get them again and they’re almost always willing to bet on that. What do they give a shit if you chat back in when September rolls around? I’ve done it, I’ve known almost everyone I worked with that would do it. 

Some will do their job and tell you straight up that it isn’t in their system so they have no information to give you on the matter, but to check back every few weeks. 

Stop posting this dumb shit. They don’t know anything and are just telling you things so you hop off the chat sooner, they’re graded on how fast they can complete them.

Also, you brought the name up, not them.
They don’t know anything more than we do. Please stop posting these. How do I know? I did this exact job.
If I give you one can you use it outside the US? 
Can we have this? 
TIL there are still Call Of Duty youtubers.
What the *fuck*
You’re welcome
Bitch do you work for Activision? We don’t fucking know how much it would cost. All we know is that making video games nowadays is extremely more expensive then it was in ‘09 and they wouldn’t even be selling it for $60, let alone a couple thousand copies for just Campaign. 
That’s not any of that works.
I’ll see you out there soldier 
You’ll have it again. There is no way Activision would pass this up. 
Dude, think, there is no way this is real.
YES. 
Exactly. Right now they’re getting their asses handed to them by Epic Games and the more people they can get playing Call Of Duty the better. Price the game lower, put MTX in the game (you’re a fool if you don’t think they’ll be there) and watch the money starting pumping in again.
Again, the more people playing any Call Of Duty game with micro transactions the better for them. If I was wrong which I’m not. They’d pull some 2K shit and disable servers after a set period of time.
Why the fuck would Activision give two fucks if the player base is split? The more people playing Call Of Duty, the better. “Split the playerbase” what the fuck kind of logic is that. If they were actually afraid of doing that then they would stop doing events for IW, BO3 and WWII at the same time all the time and they would give DLC packs away for free.
And neither of them are solid at all. 
One of them makes sense and the other one doesn’t. Kind of simple really. 
As if I didn’t have enough reasons to love Kojima.
I just got my SO of two years to try some and now we’ve gone out multiple times! 
They said it was coming but not any time soon. You must’ve misread that. 
Yeah I started DMC3 last night and finished the first six missions with little to no difficulty. Something just feels fishy.
No it isn’t. I worked for customer service for a little bit and they’ll tell you anything to get you off the chat. Wanna know why they’ll give you a timeframe? Because the chances of you getting them in a chat a week from now are so slim it doesn’t matter, they won’t have to deal with an upset person. 
Oh bro it absolutely has to be.

Who the fuck wouldn’t include MP? 
Oh cinematic mode lol.
There’s always that one fuckin middle aged man doing some pro shit at every skate rink I’ve ever been to. They’re always in the middle too.
I already play Fortnite in VR so I’m okay with what I have lol. I wouldn’t mind a dedicated mode though! 
It’s okay, I’ll be the only one who’s mad that The Sims 2 is considered better than fucking Metal Gear Solid 3.
Game Informer put The Sims 2 above Metal Gear Solid 3.
[if you can find scumps, it starts around 2:45](https://youtu.be/dDdX3g7lDu4) 
[this is two years old, there are more](https://youtu.be/CMhlr15ZtHg) 
One of the whiniest too though. You heard dude lose his shit?
When I was a kid my sister told me there were often snakes in the plumbing and to this day I still check. Not happening snek 
Wut
TIL Ringo Starr is still alive
My man. Proud of you bud.
Kevin needs to get some fucking help. Like real, actual help.  Hopefully she’s safe, you guys should bring this to an administrator though just to be safe. You don’t need this type of bullshit while you’re in school.
The fuck is he doing at the library? 
I’m gonna need more context. 

Edit: dude is crazy.
Father heritage? Am I missing something not in DMC4..?
Dude change your twitter handle. 
That could be a big deterrent, I could see that. It doesn’t seem like a major issue though idk.
I take it your name is something like Jeremy? 
Wait what? Why would that affect it? I’m genuinely asking.
Oh I’m still going to play it, I’m just sick of Ubisoft not going to China or Japan. Lmao I didn’t think people would take the how about no thing as serious as they did. 
Oh that’s fucked up
Oh hell yeah. I’m a little salty I grinded so much but I’m happy because yay more players for the game. 
Spend your credits on the crates, keep your crafting parts as much as possible. 40 crafting parts equals 1 skill point. It only takes 4 skill points to go from not having a particular card to maxing it out.
They’re redoing the progression system, and even the current one we have until tomorrow wasn’t bad either. You play for like two days and you’ll have everything you could want. They’re auto unlocking every hero for everyone so you no longer need to unlock anyone, now you can just upgrade who you’d like.
Let’s try no

For all the people downvoting: no u
How about no. 
Four months after release is too late? R6? The Division? 
Not true at all. 
There are no longer loot boxes in the game
So I’m reading a lot of people who bought the game and haven’t played it in over three months. Don’t answer this mans question then, just stay quiet. Yes the game is still populated and they’re changing a lot of stuff. I’d recommend it especially with the update that rolls out tomorrow.
They’re still selling the crystal controllers..? 
It’s like 10AM to 11AM.
Bruh fucking do Japan.
Boy hell yeah, I’m buying the Pro and I already have a PS4. That’s how hyped I am son.
Yeah that’s just not true. Halo, Call Of Duty, Runescape and Fortnite are all almost in the same bracket. There are reasons one or more of them fell from grace and it was usually something the developers did. 
Remember a game called Call Of Duty? 
I mean the whole point of this is because The Last Jedi made little to no fuckin sense
It’s been over a year since they added a PS2 title. They are not going to add the OG Star Wars Battlefront games if they want more people to buy the new one. Why would they do that to themselves? Please see how fucking dumb that logic is. 
You own a PS2! Play the games on it! You sound like a fucking retard asking for something like this. 
What the fuck are you even on about

You bought 2017’s Battlefront II too so the fuck are you on about
Yeah I’ve heard about this, I thought you had more info lol. God I hope we do.
Then what the fuck dude, just play them on your PS2??
See there’s your problem right there. You’re sharing an opinion as if it’s fact and it just isn’t. If you want to play the OG battlefronts, buy a PS2 or PS Vita and play it that way. They are not going to port them to this gen. 
They just fixed Battlefront II and a whole plethora of people have bought it following the news of the new update. Why would they cannibalize their own market? 
Uh bud where’d you get an official confirmation on username changes? 
It’s all over the subreddit right now.
Combat wise I thought it was okay, story and characters were definitely weak though.
I just replayed it after almost a decade this weekend and the really big issue for me was that Dante wasn’t really like Dante at all. 
I lived in Manati a while ago and gringo was the go to reference people used towards me during that time. Not everyone is horrible, but it’s definitely still shitty. Thank you for heading over and helping out though. 
It’s all American though..? 
Wot m8 you don’t like portable radars, ReconPro and some good ole sound whoring?
There is no way in hell they’d remaster it. WaW didn’t sell as much as the other call of duty’s of that day, and we just got WWII. I can see it in a few years maybe.
So have you even played it? Taking people’s opinions and views on it is cool, but if it’s free why not at least try it? 
The crack building is so fucking annoying lmfao.
God Of War.
If it makes you feel better, I’m downvoting you for using emojis
I have the Gold Slim that came out last summer I believe, I’m very happy with it but I did just preorder the God Of War PS4 Pro. I wouldn’t have but I’m going to be using both of them so I don’t see why not.
I just preordered my yesterday! 
I think we can begin thinking about adding Guerrilla to the list as well.
I’m on his side. Black bastard? Really?
I’m going to use actual money for the cosmetics. Gotta show em im willing to pay just not for dumb shit.
Okay thanks, I was asking for a friend as I’m trying to get home to buy one, we found one though! 
Thought it was the grand Budapest 
Solo will just add skins, it will time perfectly because they don’t need to add anything extra. 
How many fucking Yakuza games are there omg
First, trim ya nails they’re nasty. Second, smoking kills.
Proposing with a cigarette. That’s why it’s trashy. 
I have health insurance..
I’m smoking one of those right now..
Wait why does your cover look better?! I want that cover! 
I’ve been playing since the first one came out, I just subbed today. I hadn’t thought about this game in awhile until I saw the HD Collection for PS4 and bought it Thursday. I missed this game series so much.
Does this include the headset and camera or just the headset?
Who is Apple trying to appeal to with these ads exactly? This one and the series of iPad ones just seem to Target teenagers it feels. 
Bruh the title made me click on this. Pettiest shit I’ve seen all day 
Bruh I just spit my fucking water out at work
Fuckin *meta* bro
Welcome, man. 
Dun dun duuuunnnnn
Yeah dude they’re gone I just checked. That sucks.
PMDJU7KDK39N75VT246

uh oKay
I’ve been trying to get a code on the Fortnite sub but there’s literally 17,000 people watching the one post.
Dude read the fucking post
Dude no offense but this isn’t the place.
I know right? Shit is frustrating
So I can feel like a cartoon John wick at work! 
Hey!
I could use one if you don’t mind! Thanks.

PM if you’d like.
If it’s going to happen, that’d be the best time for them financially. They may be trying to steal players from Fortnite and PuBG.
Agreed, I’m sorry for snapping at you.
People coming here looking to join the community shouldn’t be treated poorly though, all it takes is politely referring them to the search function and how to access it.
No you’re being an asshole and now that someone is calling you out on it you’re attempting to justify it. It’s as easy as just not commenting.
Yeah, if you’re a big Star Wars fan, considering the changes that are being made next week I’d say go for it. Make sure you buy it used from GameStop so you can basically rent it for free for seven days. That should tell you if you’re going to enjoy the game or not. Also, I’d wait a day or two and YouTube should be flooded with videos talking about these changes and what it means for the game. I’d suggest watching a few of them.
You’re a dick. Answer the question or shut it. 

It’s been removed. It may actually be real.
They are not on a set schedule. You’d have to be fucking retarded to not realize something was fixing to drop with all of the dumbass tweets everyone was sending out. 
Skyrim VR is like $27at my local store. I just thought that’s how much it cost.
You can never have too much thicc Leia boi
Last night it said the last two challenges were going to end in like 2D and 10 hours. You may still have time.
Keep quiet until the next DLC is bespin. 
Man I just want a  big booty Leia
We’re in a day and age where we won’t even allow Nazi’s to be in a video game. I’m 150% certain it’s been removed entirely.
I don’t know if they’d do that, releasing it now would keep more people playing Call Of Duty, but be burnt by the time BO4 releases.
I love the game, remember if you get too curious just buy it used from GameStop so if you don’t like it you can just return it for all of your money back. 
I hated the 2015 Battlefront. Battlefront II is substantially better and isn’t like the first one at all. Give it a shot, buy it used from GameStop and “rent” it for 7 Days, if you like it, keep it. If you find yourself hating it, return it for all of your money.
Kind of like Overwatch. I’d suggest just watching some reviews on the new system from YouTube.
It’s like $23 at Target I’m pretty sure.
Not really. Do you even own the game? 
At this point you’re just being ignorant. They’ve literally done away with everything people had an issue with when the game dropped. EA isn’t great, but Dice is doing their best.
It could use some work but it definitely scratches the itch. Hopefully soon we’ll have far more heroes to play around with.
Bury it under my house. 
There was another weapon along with the DC15 that wasn’t cooling properly.
That’s a thing? 
“The right to ruins someone’s karma..”

“I was right, but I was still downvoted.”

All you care about is getting a pat on the back for guessing with Soon. Just stop posting stupid shit and putting forth low effort posts in the sub to try and raise your ego. You don’t deserve a pat on the back or anything remotely close.
Lmao I’m not the one making entire posts because some people downvoted me. 
Here’s a better idea, stop worrying about internet points like a little bitch.
You’re right, I was JUST coming to remove this comment lol. 
Oh my god yes, you were right because you guessed just like everyone else. We all saw the tweets, we all knew something was going to happen soon. Remove this whiny post from the sub, no one cares.
Like 

Before unlimited power


UNLIMITED POWAAAA
I’ll buy a shit ton of crystals if it means I look cool as fuck. I never thought I’d be on board with MTX.
I’m very happy with the changes being made and the work you guys have put in to make all of this possible, now that the progression system is being implemented next week, can we have any information on the next DLC season or just content drop? Will the update regarding the new system include other content? 
I’d say use your parts too. If we know EA, they’re going to greatly diminish the value of the crafting parts when they convert them to the skill points. 
Yes, all game updates are the same for both digital versions as well as physical copies. You’re choosing a great time to buy the game.
Physical copy, that way if he ends up not liking it in the long run,you can simply return it or trade it in.
Dude stop posting for karma. We get it. You keep trying and it’s a little embarrassing.
Wow because it was so hard to fuckin guess. 
He was just asking someone else about the update, he’s absolutely nothing.
Explain to me why you’re capitalizing every word
Not if it’s full. So correct answer: depends.
Why does that look familiar
Dude you don’t know anything special. You were just making posts wondering where season 2 is. You’re also linking to an image of a 3 year old game. Show some proof or just stop.
That’s for Battlefront 2015 dude. Come on. 
He sent two tweets with the same emoji, one replying to Westie and one alone. I’m thinking it was just a mistake.
Wait you may be right
No you’re okay man, I did a triple check just to make sure lol.
Where? I’m looking at the tweet now and it isn’t replying to anything.
He’s an EA game changer so that isn’t 100% true, but I do agree with you.
THE BOYS’RE BACK IN TOWN
Wait my iPhone 8 Plus has a little gap between the back glass panel and my housing. Could that be the reason? 
I think that’s only when you buy a used console at the same time 
Well guess who works at a bank and is a security guard. 
I’ve seen too many r/creepypms for this to even look close to real.
Dude he works on Need For Speed: Payback.
He should’ve been arrested. He risked other people’s lives while intervening in business that wasn’t his. 
What if we asked him to do an AMA? 
Things with a VR mode set aside like Tekken, Resident Evil 7, Gran Turismo Sport can of course because using VR is optional. Games like Skyrim VR, Arkham VR, Rigs, etc require it. They’ll tell you beforehand if the certain game requires VR or not.
Brawlhalla is free and kind of like smash bros. My GF grew up on Nintendo and took to it like a fish to water. Try that. 
As soon as I read your post I instantly thought of clean prince, then saw your edit lol. Dudes videos are just too clean.
We had the same feeling about March 
If you read it, it says why it says Unavailable 
..why..?
Let’s fuckin do it man
No one has mentioned Nevershoutnever and it’s making me feel even worse lmfao.
Because Infinite Warfare had just come out, they didn’t want to convince people to leave that game. 

Also, Activision and EA may both be beyond evil, but only one of them is dumb.
They won’t do that, they need the hype train.
Actually explains a lot. Thanks man. I’m still a salty bitch, but this helped a lot. 
No problem man, follow those steps and you should be okay.
Stop insulting people’s intelligence when you can’t even spell correctly. 
Why’re you being an annoying cunt? 
[here man](https://www.reddit.com/r/playstation/comments/745qex/2step_verification_if_you_still_arent_using_it/?st=JERJYYFX&sh=b628b28b) 

Set this up. 
Two factor authentication 
Do you have 2FA set up? 
Either someone is logging into your account and using it, or someone is turning on controllers/headsets to fuck with you.
I too enjoy multiplayer games much more when I’m doing well.
Bullshit.
Can I have a link to this charger?
r/holdmyfries
Holy shit you can sing. This was GOOD. 
I hope they explore it in TLOU 2, I doubt Ellie would’ve gone home with Joel, hopefully we’ll find out soon enough. I’m happy people like you exist though, it’s nice to have a dialogue with someone who disagrees instead of being blasted by downvoted because I suggest something some people don’t want.
Definitely same. I’m glad the hive mind thing isn’t happening as much here.
If there are jet packs, I’m down, but if not I’d rather dive. 
MUTE ALL EXCEPT PARTY 
Peach spending too much time in those sewers and dungeons, catching a scent down there is just too easy. 
Giving humanity the cure, is there another option?
Lmao I thought I was alone.
I hope Ellie decides to make the right choice this time around. 
Ahahahahaha lol boys I guess our sexuality must be questioned if we aren’t attracted to this one person ahahahaha
Ricky Bobby ya cunt. Shake n bake.
Wait this doesn’t make any sense. The PC build doesn’t have PS4 controller support and there aren’t mods on console. So how? 
I kind of avoid BF15 because rolling is a massive pain in the ass and I’m no g sure how to do it.
God damn it
Is this real?
Also the preorder themes are free lol.