Could it be that this chapter was reposted, because the auto TOC bot couldn't deal with the "Poor Brother Yu" in the title? 
This should've gone into oddly satisfying!
There are some insanely long non American scripted shows out there with thousands of episodes..
I just want old legendary transmogs from Timewalking Raids ... s
When the shiniest galaxy themed? wolf mount is behind a lootbox you can forget about the masses collectively not gambling with them. 

Personally I'm very interested in how they are going to try to regulate this, because technically the entirely p2w part of Hearthstone is gambling (same with physical collectible card games, such as Magic)
I would say it's more expensive than average.
I had what you describe before switching to the 64bit client, strange. 
Unless you don't really have lag, merely vsync is messed up for you..
Preposterous!
Let's hope there will be more frequent releases because of premium. This is one of my fav novels.

Charge your phone to 100% and let it cool down to room temperature before testing.
delete
This is bullshit, if it had 5% less battery capacity it would be dead at that time. Would you be in a better position of it were dead? Learn to manage your battery better, less Candy Crush Saga at 15% perhaps? Or if you find yourself in emergency situations at 5% all the time (ðŸ˜…)  perhaps you should invest in a power bank..

I'm not trying to protect LG here, certainly an improvement could be made in the power saving department, but come on, even state of the art batteries might just go to completely dead instantaneously upon reaching 5%(there is a technical difficulty of accurately measuring the remaining charge in that near dead state) and you are worried about screen brightness, to little too late.
I've been using the phone in sunshine for the past few weeks, I can see it okay. Did not even know of the dimming at 5%, have not hit that in a while.
I'm of the same opinion.
Title should be 40 MILLENNIA, it shouldn't bug me, but  ... ðŸ¤”
Let's press Z every time you autostow because of spellcasting. Blizz should just implement permanent active weapon state or something..
Boring pistol with cool effects vs. Cool pistol with mediocre effects.
I have no interest at all for novels that I'm caught up on, but for newly picked up stuff it's great to have either to read on my kindle. (format doesn't matter, because a pre-conversion step is necessary for me whatever the format) 
Disappointing chapter lol. I expected the mighty Mou to make an appearance. Would have been funny if it was a Xiaochun-esqe mating call.. ðŸ˜‹
Someone was bored at work.
The story and the art really resonated with me, and there was no grinding. (Which was quite bad in FF9) But yeah, since having played MMOs grinding in a single player game is unacceptable.
Seems like!
nothing is perfect
That is one of the reasons why Final Fantasy 8 is the best JRPG, no extra grinding necessary!
Like that other guy that botted in FF, whilst playing GW2, no coincidence, shouldn't be banned in GW2.. 
Mou!
the dark timeline...
I hardly think so,  most have Kotmogu + one, which is sometimes IoC, but certainly not AV.
AutoWand on, go afk, yeah been there, done that .. 
I loved TBC, did not like Wrath nearly as much. (I liked Legion & Mists a lot more as well)
That's the thing, the premium novels aren't free. You have to invest into SS, if you follow more than 1-2 of them.
I think you overestimate "face" in corporate China.
Here comes my baby, Cat Stevens!
I get it, I just feel that a large % of the new players will not even try it on their own, since TACO is the path of least resistance. Still this is extremely well done.
There is a lot of RNG, for example mobs critting on your npcs, npcs chain critting on each other  & heals NOT critting in phase 6? There is also positioning rng sometimes when NPCs ball up on each other & you cannot predict whom the arrow will hit, though this was only an issue on druid for me.
I heard that its extremely easy on paladin compared to other healing classes, but I haven't played Holy in legion..
Completed the healing challange on priest, monk & druid. 
This is awesome, but at the same time it ruins the tribulation experience.
Compared to Meng Hao's, LM's tribulations are nothing.
I'm SURE none of you all are Qidian employees! Heh
Some ppl did try that before for science!
Nah, a completely cold phone will operate okay for the duration of a fingerprint unlock even without grease. My guess is that either something is stuck, this could be solved with a factory reset, or something is wrong with the internal storage and software is trying to deal with it making read operations slow down to a crawl.
Honestly, I don't care. I will probably call it azurite, because it sounds better. 
Want to see this in an actual soccer match.
Brave is smoother..
I recently leveled a thief. Imo Blackrock Dephts is way better than the first Stratholme Wing.   
Ppl should just install discord, because it's just plain better than the likes of Skype.
I'm a bit surprised about the Night Ranger related comments, I think that novel is like 2 out of 5 stars.

My favourites are Shallowed Star and Immortal Mortal.
One of the yawniest chapters thus far! 
I think it's a waste of time trying with 2 gigs of ram and that CPU. Sure the game will start up, maps will load, but that's it.
Forget it, it will be unplayable. 
Don't worry I'm sure everyone will remember after another 1335234 mentions! The author got us covered.
How is that a mistake?
I like this novel, but seriosly author, MINING AGAIN?? Lattices again??
Sigh 
I'll just do em in BfA..
Wouldn't hold my breath!
The technology isn't quite there yet, even though it would sell for 2000 to 5000 gems each.. :D
You sir are a monster!
The plural of succubus is succubi!
This is the kind of thing that I can totally see happen. Ppl would really drop full price preorders on this 1-2 expansions down the line.
The guy that was doing that works at Amazon now, doesn't he? 
Bristleback + Mordrem Sniper
Just how did you get this? O-O Anyways thank you!
"Skill animations, pay attention to them, in WoW you play more interface, here you need to look at animations becouse if you take a hit after a big charging animation skill, you get one shot."
Blizzard started doing this in Legion as well. (for example Helya dungeon fight, or Kin'garoth in Antorus)
I would go with HoT probably, there is just more to do. (even discounting living story maps) PoF maps are more of a do it once & be done with kind of affair for most ppl. 
I think Rowling scrapped the idea of quiet magic for the last book.
Guys don't waste your spirit stones on double posting..
Is it a tree? Is it a skeleton? Is it a bear?
> Underwhelming Underwater Skills

Many skills are aimed at pvp-only use, I think they really shouldn't do that at the current state of the game. 
Yes, just now.
Did somebody mention "Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker"?
Not that famous? I would bet that despite the ranking status its probably the most followed work on Qidian.
Imo their dishonor should last at least a year. 
Notches aren't innovative.
Truephone dialer adfree in app purchase.
I don't see how this is relevant. Just because I envy that other guy for his cool druid form that doesn't mean that I want to fight his faction to the death for questionable plot twist reasons.
Legal action towards Reddit will cause the sub to be deleted, wouldn't it?
That system is forking ridiculous! One moment it says "12 spirits stones expiring in 40 days" I buy a chapter & then it says 20 expiring in 10 days. It's completely random & unpredictable.
That CPU is very outdated & it has always performed bad with gw2 from to get go, so yeah, no streaming with that. I feel your pain though, actually I played GW2 on a 945 for quite a while..
Streaming it won't affect your fps very much, assuming you are not playing on a dual core i3.
The guards at the Timeless Isle flightpoint were srs business. 
It's just an excuse. 
You are awesome!
Excellent shitpost!
I checked one novel a while ago, it had hundreds of payed chapters.
I wouldn't mind paying 2-3$ a month for full access & even watching 30s ads, but that is pretty much my bottom line. 
I know of 15 titles that are much better. (for me anyway)
Yes, also Library of Heaven's path's translator is in a unique position, because before Qidian international almost nobody in the community knew that novel even existed. I'm currently reading it daily, out of boredom I guess, but it's definitively not a tier1 novel, translation quality is decent though.
I believe Wuxiaworld's translators like RWX & Deathblade make significantly more just from Ad revenue. 
Also I don't believe for a second that Quidian international is making negative revenue atm or made before the premium system. The ad wall is a fairly effective way of making money, assuming the reading community isn't minuscule in size. 
If the Mi A1 is available in your area get that, if not the p10 lite is very reasonable, with the caveat that all android phones lag every now and then (flagships too outside of Pixels)& especially at this price range it cannot be avoided, that said the p10 lite is a fairly smooth phone.
I expect that every novel in the top50 will be premium within a year. I don't think anything can deter them.
thanks
Thanks
How about adding a smite/holy spell based non dot dps spec to priest. It's about time.. :)
I can see that quite a bit effort went into that signature :D
Thanks man!
I think eventually we will have AI generated maps & storylines, until then WoW will remain the top dog, especially now that we saw how much content Blizzard created in Legion. 

Other companies trying new things cannot compete with the sheer amount of content. Guild Wars 2 for example got a new expansion in September that can be played through in its entirety in 5 days HC style, since then there were like 2-3 content patches that added content comparable to ONE mage tower PRE questline each and some instanced content that's comparable to one wing in Antorus total... :D
Takes a lot of effort to to get the followers up to spec for those missions, way faster to just not bother. 
Brave is fine, tried Tuga, it's only a wee bit faster at the cost of instability.
That's a damn shame.
I think it's fine for EU to have 17 such individuals, doesn't bother me XD 
Did somebody mention "Ameno Sandstorm"?
It is an excellent dating app, if you are a woman! (otherwise GL BRO!)
Same for me, crazy dude.
Since we are at it, how about group loot for old LFR modes, such as Siege of Orgrimmar :P 
Botting exists in the current game too, bots are really advanced too, you often don't even notice.
And regarding "how to win without good cards", the same way you won before Blizzard added the current "play X demons, deal Y damage" type quests.
Imagine that there are no quests. Now let's change the rewards from winning to ~20 gold / 3 wins. Simple, easy & it doesn't matter on what account you farm the gold. The only problem is bots, which I have no solution for, other than banning religiously.
I'm not saying that it wouldn't be abused with the stuff we have today in HS, but let's not kid ourselves what the primary reason was. If they wanted trading they could have just make a game that has no quests, or quests for cosmetic rewards only. If you can get cards via trading them & paying for them and let's say that there is a f2p model that gives no advantage to multiple accounts. Not impossible to implement it right at all..
But Blizzard is in it for the $$$ & they are very good at maximizing profits. (at creating excellent gameplay and polish too)
They wanted to avoid players getting cards without directly buying them from Blizzard. 
this
Yes, Kaineng was amazing.
SOTR is great! The extra chapter would be much appreciated, keep up the good work!
Can you read Immortal Mortal on Volare? :-)
See that's why :(
Pls pm me the address for one such aggregator site.
Is it really, is it really Oscar?
DE
That worked out just fine for Tirion.
My 2 favourite politicians, jeeez.
The dark timeline...
In Chinese culture the heavens have 33 layers ..
It's actually 7.4% of the player population. Not THAT small of a percentile.  (around 23% has Alar)
Or save it for a "timetravel" expansion.
Are you nuts? Lg releases updates for EU models last.
It's 1.5$ on ebay and just as good, if not better than brand name ones.
Most dog owners I see don't bother with that. I have lots of respect for you and the few that do though.
The Benediction transmog is still the pinnacle of my priest kit :D
It does feel like an old school boring MMO. I preferred to just run dungeons for early levels & then do more polished/interesting quests in the later expansions.  
He has nothing to gain from that. 
I'm sure that jailbroken iPhones can too. Android is more open by default. Still It's not like Snapchat screen protection can be taken seriously on any platform.
There are mechanics that you cannot avoid if the fight takes long enough.
Why? You have like 20 seconds to kill Raden or you die to a oneshot mechanic. Sha of pride will imprison you after like 30-40 seconds and as a consequence it will despawn. 
Skimpy cloth armor is nice though.
I doubt it, I think the last Intel and amd cpu that doesn't have 64bit are single core, can wow still run on those?
I doubt they would fuck up new player experience for a meager amount of character boosts.
I'm also a shadow priest main, but I feel that it's terrible for open world and dungeons below m+15 right now. I loathe the Dev that thought removing mind spike was a good idea, to ehm simplify things.
You have to go into your phone's settings. There within language & input you will find gboard and you can disable auto correction completely.
The third one is going places.
We all want that too, but if there is no precedent for it, it will negatively impact the odds for that as well. 
Yes, the world doesn't have enough poisonous vipers around!
Such laziness, both blackboards have the exact same thing on them. I guess the designer did not think anyone would realize. 
"very few" haha
It's not 11mm equivalent, it's about 15mm.
Open camera is good for certain things, like bracketing, though its a shame that it cannot do raw bracketing. 

However the stock app is much better in general for manual raw shooting. Here is why:
1. Live exposure preview is very accurate, unlike on open camera (this is the biggie, one is extremely usable even in super low light the other is a joke)
2. Focusing is better on the stock app, open camera is possibly not using the pdaf points, dunno, but its certainly inferior in any case.
3. Adjusting settings is faster & more intuitive and it still has all the important things. (iso, shutter speed, MF, EV comp and the genius AE-L button)


In my opinion the manual controls for photo and video are probably the best on the newer LG phones amongst all phones available today. If you are shooting dng there is absolutely no reason to swap to another app unless you want to make time lapse videos or want hdr auto bracketing or something the like. 
This isn't something that can be easily exploited, you shouldn't worry too much. Even if it could be abused from within a browser, an update for the browser will probably fix it.
It's not about fooling anybody. It's to subconsciously manipulate ppl that are on the fence what to buy.
You should try raw, the wide angle lens might just surprise you. Mine is sharp enough in the center for moire, the LG jpeg engine is murdering it though.

Also with the ported gcam the main lens blows the s8 out of the water.
It's supposed to be a healing challenge, instead it's a what to cc when challenge.
I don't regret selling my amd card. Had unacceptable driver problems before and now here we go again. (downvote away :P)
Beethoven 6 the movie!
Looks great, my PC is crying in advance.  
It's a fucking memory game that challenge..
The "When we are crow" one is also gold. 
If money isn't an issue don't get the A5.
Nope. It's not the focal length. The bad one isn't sharp and especially in raw the difference is massive.
Lightning browser cannot act as CT provider I recall, Brave can though.
I assume it's hard to not wake up when flight control is shouting at you.
The silver one is not too bad.
They are talking about portrait mode, something we don't have. Naturally in macro distances even the g6 has background blur.
I returned to the game after 3 years. I did all the mount farms & nothing dropped in 4 weeks and I had well over 150 mount boss kills.  
Yellow cherries are a real thing.
Literally riding the tiger.
It isn't safe technically. However since 99.99 percent of all phones are on enforcing it's unlikely that someone would bother with that attack vector, this assumes that you trust the source you get viper from and usually stick to the play store for apps.
Are you up to date with TMW? It's more like 12 Empyrean Heavens + The Sinkhole+ whatever is on the other end is just one layer.
Rood
Perhaps they were looking into it, question though, is the guy who has been looking into it still working at Arenanet?  
Can you please give me a wowhead link?
The trash trinket never dropped so it remained relevant.
That's quite a shame!
Isn't loot a rang wod only now?
It's not, jagged ears mean that you have AA off.
Name matches the face, can confirm.
In GW2 in a team deathmatch scenario, if a group of 5 wants to run around in cricles & do nothing or just try to wait to abuse a mistake to score a single kill & then continue running around until the end of match is an extremely feasible tactic. In case my team faced Helseth's team, whilst there were actual stakes for scoring a tie, 100% wouldn't engage them during the whole match. On top of that the map we had (Courtyard) encouraged that behavior even more, because it was full of line if sight denying obstacles. All the above was true BEFORE druid & other healing specs arrived in the game. (I'm aware that stealth exists, but that is yet another can of worms I don't wish to talk about right now.) Today in 2017 I think it would be very possible to put good team deathmatch or even relic run game modes into the game, but telling players to kill each other without map mechanics is a no go. There needs to be mechanics that make sure that players have to engage each other and actually fight and I think the player respawn system needs to be looked at as well, it's good for conquest and capture the flag, not so much for team deathmatch. 

**TLDR: Courtyard sucked, however in my opinion there are ways to make a fun team deathmatch map** 
She sure said "Oooh, yeah?" a lot.
Really? Have you been to Suramar on max settings?
And they say the social aspect is dead xd
I get salty about my server choices 12 years ago and then later 10 years ago. World pvp is gotta be fun, right ..... And now a transfer would cost a fortune.
Spigen rugged armor instead.
Looking through between legs, took me half a minute to find it.
Total commander is the best bro!
So? Use the Google camera port, or use manual mode and raw.
Your Xperia has a 4:3 sensor as well. 16:9 mode is cropping the top and bottom off, you are losing valuable sensor data with it.
They look the part, but they are mammals, so nope, not even close.
Photos are typically 4:3 to this day. If you can deal with that, 18:9 won't be a problem.
Did somebody just mention...
https://forum.xda-developers.com/lg-g6/how-to/google-camera-hdr-ported-g6-t3655374
One option is to use the modded google camera. Not only will you have better quality pictures, but you can also disable the shutter sound from within its settings.
Yes, putting your phone on silent mode does it XD 
It's by far the best phone in its price range.
I have heard all types having the issue.  
Opening your bootloader does, which is required for normal methods.
the power button
Huawei isn't aware that outside of China ppl have random data reset days. The default huawei ROMs cannot do this.
Question 1 is clearly a plothole.
I ordered Legion yesterday. Not a single armour and weapon skin interests me in PoF. Tbh I regret buying it, though the first week was pretty fun.

Now we know what the art team was doing.
The camera operator's reaction time is outstanding.
If you have twerp your only option is the flash the newer rom from twrp.
Alternatively you can just disable the Google app, assuming you don't need Now either.
Aren't also giant pet eating snakes there?
Apps are loading faster, because the u11 has much faster internal storage, but once stuff is loaded up the G6 is faster & smoother.
Though I gotta admit that the G6 stock camera app is not a champion of optimization. 
My comment was answering your original question. Is the 821 enough? Yes, the U11 is not smoother with the 835, in fact it has more lags.
Before getting the g6 I had a U11 that I sent back. App loading was faster on the u11 (it has much faster storage), but scrolling and normal operations seem to be smoother on the G6.
I'm not saying it has no merit, it's just that my poor heart cannot take it.
When I saw where the show is going I've just stopped watching, to this day have not seen the last 3 episodes. No regrets!
They never fixed the issue, they just replace the motherboard, then after a while it breaks again. Depending on where you live try to get a Mi A1.
That's quite awesome, alright!
I'm not a fan of selfies, but once or twice a year I make one, plus I can use the phone as a mirror to see if my hear held up..
I think it would be difficult to sell a phone without a selfie cam today.
A whole week of oddly satisfying in one video!
there are no inventory bugs, its magic
Whaaaaat is happening. Someone should link the meme so that plebs like me can understand! 
It's legal, but it's closed source, so it's your call whether you want to trust it or not. As a ranger player I've got no choice really..
You can disable almost anything with "Debloater by Gatesjunior" it's easy to break things with it, if used without care. You don't need root for it, just adb, so your warranty is safe.
It's probably unusable as a phone. Why would you buy a demo unit?
The birds are real though, right?
Tachiyomi is the most popular one from F-Droid.
It's not worth it, if you detach your Google account your apps that you installed from Play will be gone as well.
Grass adds a random element to the game. Bounces cannot be accurately predicted, especially if the surface is heavily used, like the center court at Wimbledon after 5 matches.

Let's not even talk about how grass is a bit like playing penalties at 0:0 in soccer.
Spacey is probably guilty, but I'm sure that not everyone accused is.
It's extremely unlikely that it has anything to do with that. Your phone, or the OS just broke at that random time.
Am I the only one that thinks Thiem should be ranked below 15?
It's a bit unpolished, but I can see this looking awesome in game.
Make an anime adaptation of "A Will Eternal". (Chinese web novel)
It's better to buy a cheap backup phone and send it in, than doing it yourself.
She needs more screen time on Orange!
I have doubts about the Razer phone, but shipping it with Nova is probably the best decision razer has ever made. 
You could try the heuristic processing option in Calibre.
This Beluga is a genius.
Google app is one of the first things I disable on a new phone. (Google now and assistant)
Vlc has become so good, that now I kind of regret buying MX..
Nova launcher, Shazam encore, truephone dialer, textra, podcast addict, Aqua mail.
I think having a much shorter pet swap cooldown after exiting SB mode would be an acceptable compromise.
Do a factory reset, don't install malware apps.
Is that you Kevin?
There is nothing that compares to Opo in terms of dev support, but as I said there's not a single custom ROM (not that I know if anyway) that has a 100% functional camera and came out for a device (from any manufacturer) that has come out in the past 1.5 years. Only ppl that don't care about camera quality use custom ROMs. Maybe Treble will change things, but we just don't know yet.
LG, because I have an European unlocked model on the July patch!
Xd
The camera on the XZ1(same on XZP) is just embarrassing. Lagging video recording & the stills camera is mid range level at best.
In my opinion the development community for the OP5 is of limited use too, they will never port the camera properly either, pretty much guaranteed. 
Ye, it's extremely common on the s8. The optical image stabilizer let's the lenses move too much & sometimes they get stuck and then the phone won't focus. To get it unstuck you can shake the phone vigorously, or just hit the back of the phone lightly. Not a major deal, but annoying.
There are 2 s8s in my friend circle. Both of them have the focus stuck error. There are no android devices without the occasional QC problem, LG had a deserved bad rep after the g4 fiasko, but the g6 is fine.
For me Oled is the deal breaker, because of the burn in issues I've had with my s6 and some other older phones. I think it's great that we still have variety with display tech.
Actually the g6 is pretty good.
Custom ROMs today are plagued by bad cameras, I feel that the scene shrunk a lot as well..
My sister's is still very smooth today, I did root it and set the volume down button as the power button.
I think at this point the only competition that matters is his body.
Cannot reach the apex,haha.
Personally I'm perfectly fine with 32gb, because of the sd card extension. 
The extreme edges have the fisheye effect, since the ultra wide lens is basically a semi corrected fisheye lens. The recent pictures in the sub don't show the effect very well because of a lack of straight lines in the extreme corners. 
The day when the G? will have an oled display will be a sad day.
Should be fine up to four digits
Not available in my country. (they only sell it in the US)
halfmoon bow
So is the entire Europe! XD 
It's not the sandwich part, it's the curved screen part that I have a problem with
It doesn't bother you, but it does bother me! Samsung should just sell a regular version as well.
Even in the most optimal case it's less than 6 times powerful.
Dat shoe!
I think the g6 pretty much reached as low as it is going to get before the g7.
I played Hearthstone on multiple devices, it was never flawlessly smooth. My Old nexus 5 performed almost identical to the u11 I just returned. 
You mean slow mo snippets?  It is great, but stills image quality is not on a flagship level. 

I think that the XZ1 & the XZP are great smartphones, but I think they are just way too expensive for not having a premium camera.
Personally I like the form factor, the screen is great on both, speakers also great, but oh well. 
The newest one is the best so far, the XZ1. In terms of camera it's barely a tie with an older mid-range huawei phone, when it comes to stills. Video is better, but there are embarrassing lags (even at 1080p) & framedrops + shadows are clipped. 

Yes the 960fps slow mo is nice, but it can only sustain it for what 2-3 seconds? Great to show it off, but less useful in actual practice.


The sensor is a joke too. Why would a sensor this tiny need to be 19-22 megapixels? The detail preservation is so bad, even in good light that it often looks shit downsampled to full-hd.  

Let's not even mention that the Sony doesn't want to give users RAW support either..




I'm sure you are right. It's just that I feel that I can navigate my phone faster than Bixby can.
Without camera efforts it's kind of difficult to appreciate. (even Oneplus is WAY WAY WAY better at camera)
What if it had a catnip smell XD 
Will a cat ignore the large sofa for the tiny one?? Somehow I doubt it.
I'm interested in these as well! Cannot wait and thank you in advance!
She had a really mild temper, rarely bothered with mice even, but she turned into a ferocious wild animal upon seeing birds. Over the years I cleaned up innumerable feathers all over the garden. 
I picked up this novel 3 days ago, but it's already my favorite one! 
Cats can jump and catch a bird in flight, my old fat cat could jump 1.5m for a bird, this ping-pong  ball is nothing.
Almost hot enough to burn is around 55Â°c (sorry I don't know American metrics) at 60Â°c an average human won't feel much discomfort for 3 seconds is what I was taught. Anyway based on typical cpu scheduling used on android even if LG's settings are extreme the outer shell won't reach anywhere near that unless there is an outside heart source, such as direct sunlight at summer, whilst in hot car, but there is no phone in existence that doesn't do that.


The g5's shell is better at transferring heat, so it absolutely could get warmer than the g4, but certainly not burning hot in normal use.
That dvd slogan is yet another pothole. Because 1 million lightyears in either direction is empty space, in any case it's certainly not the milky way where Ra resides. (check wiki on the circumference of Milky way and the distance to the nearest galaxy)
I meant that mounts don't change what you do, just make you move faster. It's obvious that during the run whenever you can mount up you should, there are no new interesting non obvious paths. Having the griffon can save a bit of time when moving around & about the cemetery, but that's all. 
Why do you want to root? This isn't an Iphone, most ppl don't need root for anything.     (most popular usage used to be device wide ad-block, but sites don't load like that anymore and there are rootless alternatives that work really well)
If there are no dragon maids I'm not interested.
Cosplay of the year!ðŸ˜…
Going against intention by itself is not exploiting. 
If you can root your device yourself, you can certainly follow these super simple instructions. 
It's not an exploit.
There are many optimizations that you aren't doing. I think ppl wanting to improve their runs should watch other videos, mounts barely change anything.
Same for me.
There are no interesting prestige items in PoF at all, ppl making legendaries by themselves could have kept HoT metas active, let's not even mention that in HoT you had to farm XP & metas were a reasonably chill way of doing that & the gold/hr wasn't completely trash either. 
I have become a sharpshooter after a year of practicing on the classroom plant.
Is that sarcasm, or do you really miss it?
They refuse to implement Raw support year after year.
The final fantasy was awesome.
Reviewers rarely get burn ins, because they don't use one phone as a daily driver for months. The store display unit, fairly new mind you already had some minor burn in. ~3 weeks old s8..
You're right, overclocking is easy and fairly safe. However it's also quite useless, because peak performance on phones today is decided by cpu efficiency, the thermal settings and heat dissipation. You can use kernel managers to allow for more extreme thermal settings, but that is not safe. 

Lower end phones with slower a53 (assuming a recent low nm chip) cores could be an exception.
In case of the g6 lg messed up the rear camera glass, or rather the coating on it. It scratches from farting on it, even if in a case. Also quantum ips will develop the image retention thing over time, g6 is still not old enough to know for sure, a few ppl did get it already.
So someone has the hots for Victoria Justice ðŸ˜
Ppl die there every year, I think unless one has no loved ones, one really shouldn't try this.
Oh that I did not consider.
It's easier for the manufacturer to support the phone in the long run, if treble is implemented. Not doing it especially since they have to for the u11+ anyway would be quite terrible.
Maybe it's so durable that they made it future proof this way.
Why not gear a chrono instead? Only one spec to care about and always in demand. Soulbeast can only take that ever elusive one or two heavily contested random dps spots.
Lcd doesn't burn in, plus that's a real resolution difference there with pentile amoleds.
White spots can be at the weirdest places and shapes.
So basically dropped nukes are cheaper than rockets. Is there any other gain to use them?
Just pick Desolation, don't listen to the crazy gandarans..
You are absolutely correct to be terrified. Wonder how humans would react to that nerve poison..
Get a hairless cat, no allergies then!
No, just be sensible and return it for RMA repair.
Boost doesn't have a single function that sync does not have. Plus sync runs smoother..
I'd you had a hundred million dollars, you could afford to have an army of maids to keep it clean too.
BTTH was somewhat interesting at the start, but then it's become one of the most boring novels out there...
It's shit compared to the Mi A1, inferior in every way except the display.
If you are Hungarian this is super easy. Xiaomi mi A1. Stock android with the Android One program. Decent hardware, camera is best in class for the money. Also it has a phenomenal battery. Imo this is way better choice than buying a used s6 with 2 hours SOT capability and screen burn ins.
What an amateur, waiting for the the rock to fall into place.
The majority of them won't bot or macro, because there is no need to.
What you don't seem to understand is that they can afk kill stuff using only legit game mechanics. 
That we will. I just hope they properly implement treble. 
Because they don't use bots or macros or anything. It's the intended game design for your minions defending you whilst you are afk.
Yeah & what a shame that is!
Please! Root it how?
The answer is no, 99.999%. If you aren't an extremely skilled hacker/programmer don't even think about opening the bootloader on these devices. Even if you manage that there might be other safeguards that you would need to bypass.

Alternatively there might be other ways to root your device exploiting older android vulnerabilities, but even then it's a tall order.  

Your iptv box has a serial number that you would need to spoof. I'm sure there are several other Isp specific problems. It's best to forget about it.
My old cat was like super fat and yet once I've seen her jump 1m and catch a bird in flight. Cats are extremely efficient liking machines.
It was very satisfying, especially when you had to do it blind inside charr butts :-D Now it's just too easy.
I think new players shouldn't be allowed to create anything but chronos for a while, just so you know, keep up with the demand. 
Will Fed ever play at Roland Garros again though? Maybe if Rafa was injured at that time.
There are a lot of good quality lcd panels and panel manufacturers. Why would you single out Apple's.
I think Google should just introduce smart moving Ui elements like Samsung, immersive mode everywhere might not be the best option.
And the grownup person recording it just watches.
In my backward(not sarcasm) EU country we have 100% LTE coverage & sms's are expensive, on the other hand cheap mobile internet is something almost everyone has, who owns a smartphone. I thought that in the USA you would have high quality mobile internet too..
Good performance, but dude, what is that on your head? ðŸ˜…
It would be doable, but it wouldn't be comfortable.
Hangouts has a Windows client. (Chrome extension, but it works like a proper desktop app) Allo doesn't have this.
https://youtube.com/watch?v=hZyLwfrDyjc
Using an old unsecure OS might not be worth it. Especially considering the serious new exploits 2017 had so far.
Yeah, I bet he could have gotten thousands of upvotes with that.
Ppl spend 600usd on a phone, but 5usd is too much for a launcher that you can use for years improving your android experience in a major way. I bought Nova 2 years ago and the app has been actively developed all that time, the Devs aren't assholes releasing Nova 2 and 3 like with many other launchers.
Moving quicksettings is not an option, because we have software nav keys there on many phones.
I think screen lottery odds are just worse than normal with the pixel xl2, if you don't like yours exchange it for a better one. it's not like Samsung phones don't have a screen lottery with weird tints & sometimes horrid grays.
If it had a proper chrome extension client like Hangouts (windows desktop client), maybe I wouldn't mind converting my friends & family, but then again Hangouts does everything perfectly including video calls, voice calls & messaging, so why would I need to go for 2 separate apps to do the same. 

Is is because of America's fascination with sms fallback? 
Yeah, for example 24bit Wolfsons sound great, also. Don't remember what Wolfson the s1 had, but possibly 16 bit only, still it sounded great!
In audio the internal bitrate of the dac chip is often irrelevant to sound quality. Ess Sabre chips are great, random noname 32bit? Who knows?
Why would it? Camera will be more battery friendly and you'll have hdr+ in apps like snapchat, that's all.
I know shit about iTunes on 2017, but if you have actual music files, just copy them onto your phone into any folder and you are done.
if that area is fluffy enough a very tiny thing could go unnoticed, though it would be a very expensive practical joke, probably.
Hi! I'd like a code!
Over 9000 upvotes?
Don't jump too early. Always wait for the second opportunity! It's best if you count the rotations, so if you have lag you can jump before seeing the broken window.
It's not perfect, but it's still one of the best things GW2 has.
ZowieFk2, but probably going to get a deathadder.
I enjoyed map completion quite a bit this time around. Wasn't happy about the rewards though.
Contact support! You have a chance at character restoration.
Don't they have a separate Chinese rom?
Yeah, but if you order directly from HTC, or Amazon even, how can there be a middleman? 
Even directly from HTC, with HTC club membership(easy fast registration)? Is there some specific tax that you guys have to pay? 
In Europe ppl rarely buy Moto phones & I don't even remember the last time I've seen a Moto on the street. On Samsung's side even the rather terrible J3 has it's separate FM radio advertisement and they are everywhere!
In Europe the basic Op5 used to be around 500 euros, I got the 11 for 540~, new.  (could have gotten it directly from HTC for 580 as well)
The camera is a mess with a plethora of problems. They could improve on that, plus they too could go bezel-less.  

Personally I'm happy that they've sold out when I was about to buy one. Now I ordered a HTC U11 for the same amount of money.
Bezel-less screen, according to rumors. 
The problem is that the 660 is too powerful. Oems don't want too fast midrange phones, ppl wanting a faster phone should pay a flagship price ^
They ripen on route to the consumers.
He should dedicate himself to reach 20 slams to cement his legacy, that's what I think anyway
I think he shouldn't risk his health on a meaningless year end no1 title.
Camera doesn't compare though. 
Risk what? 
Don't forget that hdr+ works on the v30 too.
Camera is shit on the 3rd party rooms there too, at least it is for the 5. So yeah custom ROMs and good camera are a no go in 2017.  I don't know how the release of the Camera blobs went for the 3 and 3t either.
Probably the newer version is better hidden.
The entire world has access to this sub, but hey, I'm sure the majority is from the US, It gotta be true!
Thanks, that's good to know. 
You have absolutely no control, because you won't know who has it, unless they tell you. 

This morning I did pug T4 fractals. Thanks to the dps meter I saw that our cps did 2.5k dps on the big kitty golem in the uncategorized fractal. I feel that my nerves would have been in a more healthy state had I not known that information. 

I'm a bit skeptical about the accuracy of the tool though, recently I've joined many of those 4 necros+druid groups as a druid. Usually their numbers on the meter are laughably low, but bosses go down very quickly still..

One more thing, the tool has some shortcomings, such as (possibly that I just did not find this) in WoW the most useful metered number is  the "damage done for bossnameXZY", in GW2 you can completely cheat the meter with focus AoE-ing trash mobs, that don't need to be killed, or mobs that just die from random cleave anyway. 

I for the longest time did not use the meter, but now I feel that since everyone has it, I need to have it as well. Sometimes it makes it an interesting choice whether I should rez someone, or just stay competitive on the meter. Maybe in the future pug groups will have dedicated rez roles XD 
I agree, thought I have to say, invisible walls are more immersion breaking than anything and they are EVERYWHERE!
Entry level samsungs are extremely popular, weirdly so.
It's a cat video & a phone review at the same time, what's not to love?
Wireless charging is not the only problem with metal. It's blocking all radio signals as well, having antenna lines is nice and all, but it's not the same. 
I loved my Nexus 5, but it did feel cheap. There are expensive & extremely durable plastics out there, if someone made a phone out of those it would be pretty great. Also metal frames are nice!
It's only stable at it's current LOW state, because the gem store is not being properly tended to right now. Once they start adding meaningful stuff it will stabilize again at a much higher price point, I thought it was obvious what I meant.
A 128gb oneplus5 costs the same as the 64gb U11 in my country. The U11 has a MUCH better camera, similar stock-ish OS & overall a more reliable stock system. Yes Linage is nice and all, but I'm not willing to give up the good camera for it and porting stock camera apps has proven to be rather difficult.
It doesn't matter if its stable or not. Fact is there hasn't been anything of value added to the gem store in ages..
I had the battery replaced for free, it was a warranty repair.
ty
Upscaling algorithms in general are extremely good. You are right, it's technically not lossless, but none the less, you shouldn't be able to see it on a 5 inch screen. It's the same thing as using VLC to watch a 720p movie on a 1080p screen, usually it looks fantastic.
Just give me something lucrative to work for & I'll go back to pvp, I promise.
 Mount skins yes! Invisible boots also yes! Unique skins that actually look good, Yup!.//// Boring unchanging titles, nope! 5g/hour gold, nope! Terrible looking armor skin with purple glowy parts, hell no!
Fat 32 is used for external storage only, as others have mentioned. The reason for this is to ensure compatibility with other devices, windows PCs etc..

I looked at my bro's S6's screen an hour ago, compared to the p9(decent full HD) it was extremely similar looking with typical fullHd Youtube content. Maybe your eyes need to get used to it? It's been over a year when I had the 10, so my memories are a bit foggy about video playback, but I recall liking it very much..
Yeah I know that from the one sample I got so far. 
Decent workflow for no hue: Use the freeware Raw Therapee for DnG>Tiff conversion & then edit the tiff in Lightroom.
(you can edit in Raw Therapee too, which is way more feature rich than LR, but the algorithms used are not as good)
I have no idea what's going on then. This has never been an issue for me on any devices & I had quite a few with 2k screens..
What video player are you using?  o_O stock?
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/clunky
It's clunky, sure you can kill anything, but compared to other classes it's a lot more mental effort. 
Great photo, have an upvote!
thanks
score!
I regret upgrading. 
The return of the headphone jack.
Nexus 5,I passed it on in the family, but my current P9 is laggier.
good God, good that she didn't try that alone!
I would imagine 40% playing a lot of pvp is extremely optimistic. For example I go to wvw every day to finish up my daily, because Anet made regular pve dailies a chore. Do I count as someone that does wvw a lot? Does killing the veteran warg count as wvwing? :D
The dots put me off, every time.
I wonder who is not right in the head, that makes perfect sense to me XD 
On my unit GSM was fine, Wifi terrible, even when the wifi connected apps took forever to refresh over wifi, even when the speed test app showed fine results. (it was fine on LTE)
Haven't had that problem.
It isn't a bad deal, assuming you can test the WiFi on your home router and give it back if it's shit. I had the 10 and WiFi was useless even next to the router, even in 2.4 mode.
Miui is pretty bad too..
You have nothing to worry about, upscaling algorithms are very efficient.
Basically Oled screen manufacturing has a step, which is similar to spray painting in layman's terms. The sheet's corners and edges are often of much lower quality. It's unfortunate that LG is not throwing the bad panels away, but maybe the yield is so bad that they cannot afford to do it. Sometimes Samsung has a few bad batches too, where one side is green and the other purple/pink. The reason why the v30s produce different symptoms is because the Oled tech they use is slightly different. Still individual pixels will use the same amount of current and calibrating this is just nigh impossible. You would need to measure pixel light output one by one and then adjust most pixels with some sort of mask and even if you have all that it would shortly return to the same, or worse state, because you would give a lot more power to some pixels making them burn in much faster.

Google might get the better rated panels, since they have the option to return bad batches without eating up major losses. There ought to be more QC steps for that price xd
You are incorrect. You can use this: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=it.simonesestito.ntiles&hl=en
This doesn't even need root, just adb & you will get an immersive mode tile in quicksettigns on stock.
It's not like the OP3T won't get more updates, or rather nobody knows.
So no info on mount skins?
It could have been an Aussie show, it has that air that American shows usually don't have.
I have ascended vipers with a trapper rune in it.
Yes but WoW has new dungeon content available right away.
It's not like cps will stop being overused.
I don't like defending Samsung, but I would prefer a useless button over a soft frame that's necessary for the squeeze feature to work.
I'm sure the extra 20mAh will make all the difference! 
I had the same. Insalling the DirectX Runtime solved the issue.
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=35
Yes, but on the OP5 thanks to Oneplus not including focusdots removal in the camera HAL, it's unusable. 
Back then Samsung moving away from Android was a remote, but real threat, now it would be a financial suicide for them, they have no leverage. 
It's an excellent camera, probably the best phone camera right now, but it is a payed review, with several bullshit parts in the article. 
It's difficult to get a sense of value for items, without understanding the game better. Some crafting is worth it, but telling you anything I've found would ruin my profit, for that reason the only way to get good infos is to research stuff yourself, because even one person added into a tiny market can make a gigantic negative impact for other sellers in that market, whatever they might be selling. So just play the game, don't buy stuff you don't need before you actually know whats what. 
It's extremely difficult to understand gw2 economy without actually playing the game some. 29 hours is nothing, did you even finish the vanilla personal story?
Xena's chakram
Great fit for Reddit-ing.
Yeah well, other phones don't have a wide angle camera lol, that feature by itself is a huge win for the g6.
The carbon part on the Spigen rugged armor case is a lot better (less pronounced) live than on pictures. 
whoopsie! 
astute man!
There is tons of improvement to be made. How about minimizing the burn in more..
You are incorrect. Op1 still has a faster hardware than the A1 today, albeit the difference isn't much. Not saying that benchmarks can be trusted, but op1 with a well optimized custom rom is very smooth.
ye, should have been Fez's girlfriend for a few seasons :(
Truth to be told, I just might still go with the g6, because oneplus no longer sells their basic oneplus5 model & the other version is just too expensive for what it is, the g6 is way cheaper where I live.
Currently it doesn't seem so, but it's still fairly new, that's why I looked at the g5 reddit :)
It's important for manufacturers that mid range & budget phones only have shitty A53 cores, so that there will be an incentive to spend more.
(ye sure there are other reasons as well, but this one wins probably)
The servers are fine, maybe you should test your connection. Err7 is not always anet's fault.
Digital cameras with cmos sensors magnify the issue 300% XD
Their current software on the G6 & V30 in terms of visuals is fine. Doesn't clash with material design, unlike the g5 & before..
I think the problem with LG is not the software, but the reliability of their hardware. I almost bought a g6, but then I went to check out the g5 reddit & decided it's best if I continue avoiding LG :)
Nova launcher(and some others) supports app shortcuts on nearly all phones in existence, what is the big deal?
There is nothing it can do that a normal CPU cannot, but there are some things it can do faster or more power efficiently. I just highly doubt Huawei of all ppl would be able to use it effectively, outside of advertising purposes.  
I think it would be 200 eye of kormirs / rune!
The G6 has barely any original development & there is no telling if the current efforts would last at all. 
Yep, they are so bad, glad that I haven't seen masteries attached to them. 
Hey Kevin!
it's understandable that IES wouldn't work well in low light. (I still don't have the g6, so cannot test it myself ^^)
How is video recording with the ported app? How is EIS, does it even work? 
It happens, but rarely. 
Don't give them ideas xD
Oh please! They just like planned obsolescence! 
> TGSP

Normally the lip of the screen protector catches the fall, unless it's a real unlucky drop, on a non level surface.
Did you break your protector with the case on? 
Darwin award..
Just save up more, you don't need a very powerful vga, but you need at least 8 gigs of ram.
What you describe is extremely common for cheap amoled screens. Oneplus will replace the screen & probably won't charge you for it, they didn't charge me in a similar situation,  but that replacement screen I got for my old 3 had a different defect. 
You can lose a lot & then gain much less, the initial jump is nothing. (just tried it out an hour ago)
The hidden mount is basically a very fast glider, it cannot gain altitude compared to your starting point, it's entirely different.
The problem is chiefly video recording, it's just abysmal, stills are  a lot better & there are a ton of ways to improve the image quality for stills.
As many have pointed out rabbit+gliding is game breaking. 
I thought orphanage was the standard route.
There is enough hours in the day to make way more metas doable, naturally the timers for existing hot maps would need to change.
They might have fixed this overnight.
wurst lunch
I don't know man. This isn't any worse than the Warlords launch WoW had. 
Quest today was shiverpeak forager. It was such a joy to reach the strawberry area within 10 secons with the raptor with like 3 superjumps. 
Ppl woke up, now the potato server cannot take it anymore, just give it some time. 
Personally I think that mechanics that require you to NOT CC are dumb. I think in Chak Gerent's case it was never intentional, but with MoM it was & it's super annoying.
I have no idea how PoF will be, but HoT launch was very messy & there were lots of unpleasant experiences, HoT now is very polished, most annoyances were fixed. This should be considered as well, if you are not buying the bundle. Buying both would be the most efficient even if you are starting with hot after a quick mount unlock for speed :-)
This gotta be a domesticated rabbit. (I had one as a child, they are very tame)
Wild rabbits cannot be photographed without crazy zoom lenses :-)
I'm incredibly salty that I didn't just buy 10 before they changed acquisition. 
Probably it will. Just not very fast, like how the g5 is getting O, just not this year xd And how the G4 already has N in korea, but it's still gonna be a while for the rest of the universe.
There is no android phone in existence on which chrome won't lag. Brave will be worlds better. There are websites, specifically video ad heavy websites that will hang up my state of the art i7 computer, you shouldn't expect miracles from chrome, especially since it doesn't even have adblocking, opposed to Brave, Tuga & Lightning browser etc..


The CPU is a non issue, snapdragon 821 in actual computing power barely differs from a 835 outside of 3d gaming. Any lags that may occur will be software optimization related and as with any android phone doing a factory reset every 6 months will do wonders for the performance.
Sometimes ppl are just stupid. Like advertising leather farm for a few points of reddit karma & then crying because of a major price drop.
The Snowden Drifts strawberry farm isn't bad either. (feel the sarcasm) 
If they had the camera app updating this way maybe it wouldn't be completely useless. 
It's well built, but it does have a soft metal frame for the squeeze shit to work. I prefer durable, hard metal frames over the squeeze thing.

And before someone start with how Jerryrig tests are stupid, they are, I agree, (lots of entertainment value though) but a solid frame helps A LOT with drop survival and I've had phones bend in my front jeans picket before and even if the phone is fine after, it's a terrible thing that annoys the *** out of me.
You are not wrong, it is not optimal to top it off, but everyone is doing it since the beginning of li batteries, regardless of charging method.
Try a dark gray background, or light blue. Make sure the navigation bar is also hidden.
The squeeze thing is just stupid. Let's build a soft frame, so that we can squeeze it. Why would we care about phone durability, when we can get 400$for a screen replacement.
So what did you do? What was LG's stance regarding the dmg?
European single sim variant?
I'm fairly sure he is wrong about the effectively playing part.
"Discovered"
Personally I love the 3 button nav bar scheme on android. 
I wouldn't have my hopes up. The same is true for all diving watches in existence as well. 
It probably won't be in danger the first few times, but it will harm the seals, don't do it!
This is true for nearly all android phones. Doing a factory reset once every 6 months solves the issue.
XZ for a few days before sending it back, but tried the XZ premium too, it's a minor improvement in terms of camera.
Don't tell me what to do.
They are fairly reliable. The problem is that the camera is worst in class for flagships and out of warranty repairs are ridiculously expensive.
There are a lot of plot holes regarding distance, it's best not to think about it.
If you provide it food and shelter then it's your cat, don't call it a stray xd.
Yay, so the new pixel will have a soft frame for a gimmicky feature. I cannot wait for the bend test and for Floss to praise it for being able to take clandestine photos of chiks underwater.
It's certainly an MMO(it's massive, it's multiplayer ...), is it an MMORPG though? Weeell, I'm not sure.
Death Shroud sucks from a druid's perspective, I cannot imagine how fun it will be to do fractals without that shit.
EVE is extremely fun for a certain kind of player & it has no competition, because it's such a unique experience. It's just semi stupid comparing it to WoW & GW2, because the target audience is different & it's in reality a separate genre. 
To be fair, Nexus S had terrible performance on day one! :D
On android you don't even need root for webview adblocking anymore. (Chromer with Brave as provider) There are several very good adblocking browsers too.
Some people claim that the heat generated from the led can crack the glass and the cracking pattern on yours could indicate that too.
The theme only matters, if you despise the settings menu.
Just out of curiosity, was this a factory unlocked phone? Some providers (sprint) really crippled it with their bloat..
OP5 has great hardware & the UI is perfect too, but the camera is abysmal & you cannot even use the ported google camera, because OP messed up something big time with the camera.
This is extremely arguable. Samsung processing in my opinion is TERRIBLE in good light, great in bad light. With the G6 you can use the ported google camera with HDR+, with that it will blow the s8 out of the water in good lighting conditions & don't forget the wide angle camera, which is unique to LG phones.

Samsung wins with speed though, extremely fast app opening & focusing, no doubt whatsoever there. 
The Ui part is especially dumb, you can make LG look extremely stock like now. Replace the launcher etc etc
"G6:
There's no doubt in my mind that this one has the worst software. Terrible looking UI, nothing of value added outside of tap to wake, and generally not a very good experience in day to day use. I also question if it was affecting performance... Also it's dual sim settings and functions were the worst I've used."

Other than the launcher & settings it's fairly close to stock android. 
And the settings can be themed to be fine too, launcher replaced as well, so you are bashing it needlessly. 
Did you drop it? Or if it was the led, how long did you have it on?
Work on your gliding masteries.
I understand what your saying, I used to feel the same. Unfortunately in 2017 this is very difficult.
What needs do you have that warrant a custom rom? Factory roms today are a lot better than before. HTC's & Sony's factory roms are almost the same as stock android. LG's is also very similar, until you enter settings, but it's easy to make it more stock-like.
I guess it's lucky that I almost never use bluetooth.
Other than Oneplus and some Xiaomi phones pretty much all recent phones have terrible rom support. Even if there is rom support, the roms are usually crippled by a terrible camera implementation, because the manufacturers aren't willing to give up their closed source camera code & we moved past the era, where developers can handle the issue.
I'm annoyed that instead of Anet developing a proper solution, they go for semi supporting this method instead. I'm extremely disappointed, I hope the daily build template threads on reddit won't stop.
keys keys k..
It doesn't matter putting Oxygen on a non OP phone isn't possible & we don't have any stable AOSP or LOS based roms for the G6.
In any case wait 3 days to see if the problem goes away, ofc update first.
Also the OP5 has a comparatively bad camera. The telephoto is barely better than cropping. Also the ported Google camera HDR+ is great on the g6, doesn't work well on op5. 

Personally I think that the fullHD screen resolution on the op5 is fine, this is not something that needs to be continuously improved upon, it's mostly just hype. The screen has major QC issues though.
You probably shouldn't buy it for LOS use. It will be a LONG time before we'll have a functional build, if ever, let's not even mention things such as a good camera or having access to wide angle at all.

The stock UI no longer clashes with material design, what is your problem with it?
Give it time, Android needs some time to settle down after a software update, or first turnon.
The top part looks terrible. It seems to go against their usual design language.
Thanks a lot!
It's usually not the sensor that ends up making a difference. It's chiefly the lens and software, especially today when everyone is doing multiframe processing for stills. Sony is one of the worst offenders when it comes to bad camera software. (sure their choice to continue the megapixel war does not help much either)
Define recent, I had success with support recovering items I've lost over 2 years ago.
Did they at least send an email to the inactive account owners?  
*Used to suck
Next time you take a photo of your monitor use Prisma to mask the pixels! 
ehhh????
RIBA is pretty good, way better than wood farming.
Sammpo is the best.
It would be an improvement, but for me it would only help my build swapping speed by 20%.
The problem is gear and the need to swap builds all the time.
I knew it was going to be watermelons, but I expected a chainsaw.
I think new blood in the writing department is always a good thing. 
Wishful thinking :(
God, I hate mecha!
There is very little interest in doubles. I love tennis, but I too have zero interest.
Hang on for a second, you cannot disable vibration? :( 
I think you should still send it in. You may not be eligible for rewards, but technically they still gain ownership of your work in a way that could enable them to make it into a real weapon.
I like it very much, but the contest rules state that you cannot make legendary weapons & you cannot list legendary effects. Still you lose nothing by sending it to them.
Since when? Is this a recent change? Pets used to make it explode.
Yeah, if ppl are idiots it's a sure wipe, but it's a good tactic.
Okay, I'm gonna spell it out. Ranger pets on Ooze.
This happened to me twice just last week.
There isn't enough time for everything. I suggest to just max out gliding first.
Ele can pretty much deal with the oil on approach and a good druid can cc the mobs whilst healing the stack.
What you describe is the new player tactic. These days rushing Dulfy is the most time efficient. 
I'm surprised that Thaumanova is not listed. That one is by far the worst, when it comes to pugs effin up.
This is a soulcrushing farm & the profits are terrible compared to a number of other farms.
Liadri!
A guild of Xions, can I join? 
Dog pooping outside ought to make them happy. There is this dog that always shits on my lawn, dog owner just watches. One day I'll have my revenge.
I couldn't live without Google photos, nice going man!
You can actually skip the mission altogether.
edit: correction, no longer skippable. 
Seems like it's "take a picture of my monitor" day ^
I spent 5 hours learning to do Clocktower blind, when it came out for the first time. Now I miss all the buttcapes & being invisible inside a running charr.
It's turtles all the way down!
In the PoF starting mission Anet has shown us & new players those abysmal fire effects. Look at this glider, it burns so beautifully, let's hope they fixed the mission too. 
It's way better than the 2 Oneplus3 panels i've had. (Samsung panels) 
It's entirely usage pattern dependant. I refuse to buy a phone with an OLED Display after the burn ins I had with my S6. It still astonishes me that 9 out of 10 android reviewers complain when a device has an lcd display instead of oled. You like chatting with girlfriend a lot? Be careful, because the keyboard will burn in!, let's not even mention gps navigation in a foreign city. :-)
I feel you, I dislike Kudzu too.
The prices of many miscellaneous rewards have plummeted. Loot bags are just worth much less. For example I used to be enthusiastic about CoE because of the charged cores & lodestones. Now they are worth 1/3 of what they used to be. I'm not saying they aren't worth it,  but for me doing T4 fractals & recs is enough, if I want to earn more there are other more chill ways to do so.
I think there will be packs that have an exclusive mount & some random useless things bundled together for 2k.
Mount Skins that can be earned outside of the gem store. I think that's way too optimistic.
Not bad, have an upvote!
I've gotten 3 out of 3 boxes. 
Flame of war & HMS gun are well represented I see XD
I want blue glowing mounts xd
It's extremely likely that it was a stuck power button, that caused the reboot loop.
The biggest attraction of the G6 is the ips display, because I always get burn in with Samsung phones. The V30 has LG's version of P-oled, nobody knows how it will be in terms of screen burn in, I would certainly avoid it at release.
The Nexus 5 had a power button problem that can exhibit similar symptoms, but it never produced the typical LG bootloop. 
I think most of them look quite terrible, but have an upvote!
I guess it's usable in WvW, but not for self defense xd
I doubt it, players low in the que would be more motivated to do so, opposed to everyone clicking for a long while with random ppl getting in.
It's still much better than Meng Hao's immortal tribulation.
Having a queue on mapjoin would help a lot.
Giant frog skin confirmed ðŸ˜Š
I think you are in for surprise. Many ppl don't like dino stuff, they will sell skins for them. Like big running chickens instead for example. They will want as much variety as possible, so that all player needs are covered. 
Only the price is the issue XD
I want ppl to buy my wood, not to learn how to farm wood!
Now we just need a "design an armor set" contest.
Let's hope the guy still plays gw2.
I haven't gotten one in 4 years.
They don't want to give us keys. I have some confidence that even from the "random black lion" item thing keys are no longer on the loot table, or miniscule chance.
I'm confident that I could get the key out under a minute. Nice ornament though.
If you ask ppl in LA map chat they'll tell you just about anything. XD
We refine dense super tough planks, not normal weako-cheapo planks.
Honestly, I hope so.
What else can they possibly add to it? Never mind, don't answer that, I'm sure they'll think of something.
I'm pretty salty that they don't equalize all the premium areas.. 
It was better, but now it's dead, it has no future, there are no new goals to play for. So let's just continue enjoying GW2, ty :)
The things that made GW1 fantastic are mostly dead & declined. 
Gw1 today:
HA/Tombs: heroway vs. heroway,,
UW+Fow: no parties are being formed,,
Other elite missions: no parties are being formed ,,
GvG: still some groups actively fighting for monthly, but the level of play has declined, no chance for newbies to enter the scene,,
TA: ArenaNet removed the game mode,,
Codex: Man this was fantastic, completely dead today,,
RA: some life left in it, but it's nowhere near as fun as it used to be,

Basically the main thing left to do is to do is the story, which is great fun once or twice, but it's not what made the game great. The majority of players still playing are GW2 players going for GWAMM, if that's your goal you can vanquish stuff with ppl & do gwamm related things, still some of them are pretty damn hard to go for, because of lack of ppl.

Witcher 3 is no1 & Baldur's Gate 2 is 40something. I cannot take the list seriously, sorry :P
Sure GW2 being on it is not bad.
I think that skin cannot be saved, I would not use it ever.
Pet project of someone now working at Amazon perhaps? 
Asking for a recipe is something that might just happen, if there is enough demand. What you want is for them to develop a whole new aura interface, it would be nice, but I wouldn't hold my breath for that to happen anytime soon.
This is terrible, it doesn't contain the best dye pack
Android navigation bar or buttons make all the difference.
Support agents never have been wrong before.. Fingers crossed though.
I hate it too. One of the biggest blunders in MMO history, blowing up old Lion's Arch that is.
Personally I think the effect is ugly  & it takes years to get better shinies, before someone gets to the point to drop 2k gold on that specific item.
Did you play over the past 2 years?  
That's not all. The rest are just difficult to explain to someone who doesn't play the game xd
Technically you can, but it's extremely inefficient.
Yeah, bad ping makes GW2 unplayable, that is undeniable. It's way more true for GW2 than WoW.
There is raiding, fractals, pvp & wvw. Once someone hits max, it's likely that they will enjoy at least one of these 4.
Right, because WoW early zones are Wonderland. Come on, it's way worse than GW2's. The only thing that WoW does better in terms of early levelling is that you can play pvp to level & run dungeons. If you go for 100% map completion from minute 1 GW2 will be way more fun than spamming deadmines 20 times until next dungeon  becomes available. (pvp levelling in wow is more fun, but is not as spammable when I did it the last time, it's only good xp once a day or something)
Ppl that aren't aware of the CURRENT state of the game shouldn't bash GW2 too much...
You heard it wrong, GW2 has tons of endgame, in 2017. Also WoW early levelling is just as bad if not worse than GW2's. The first time I played vanilla WoW I quit at Stranglethorn Vale.. I realize that they too have improved their levelling systems in expansions & that there was a starter leveling overhaul in Cata, but GW2 improved too, the mastery progression system (HoT expansion & going forward) is way better than any levelling experience i've had in any MMO.
You guys failed to get past levelling, which is less than 1% of the game.
GW2 is not about getting stronger ExDee. Yes there is a levelling experience, that lasts for a few hours when you start out, but that's all, it's more of a tutorial more than anything else.
Why would new players care about the trinket? Also they can buy the living story from gold, if need be.
You probably don't even have gear for raiding. Warrior in pve right now means CPS.
Go for it! Thanks for supporting the game!
I think this would be a nice extra layer of protection.
You misunderstand. The reason why sms protect can by bypassed, is because phones get lost, stolen etc. Also it's extremely likely that they asked proof, which the thief got from the acc owners email account.

An additional policy where sms protect bypass takes like 7 days to go through could be useful.
It's a difficult situation. If your phone is stolen, somehow you are entitled to get back your account right? Problem is that hacker got access for your email account & probably looked up one or more account keys that she got in the far past. The best way is to put those keys elsewhere & delete those emails.
You might have been hacked & your acc was used to sell. (unless ofc you sold gold)
Ppl still play the game with action camera?
Use a card reader to test it in a PC. Less sure way is to use an sd card testing app
current low end phones are worse in all respects, except battery.
I want everything to be a raven, because ravens are the best. Speaking of, here is an idea: Raven combat tonic!
Perhaps better in pvp, but it will never be good in pve, unless they do a major overhaul of the weapon  & LB related traits. So no, right now it's only for fun or open world(occasionally a break bar breaking off weapon), don't forget to take a bear for maximum effect.
It's most likely your card.  Takes 5 mins to be sure.
Oneplus used extremely bad panels in the OP3 & OP3s. I'm perfectly fine with full-hd, no the problem is that these panels were just terrible, extremely widespread purple/green gradient tints & HORRIBLE gray color rendition. Considering that the OP5 is using a panel that's full-hd, they could be the same, if they are I would steer clear of them. I sent mine back for servicing, it had purple top & green bottom tints & the one I got back had purple on the left & green on the right. 
The new soulbeast aura is pretty damn bad too, I would say it's worse.
We are 4 weeks away, I'm sure that there will be adjustments, but I wouldn't expect earth shattering stuff.
There are a number of possibilities. Such as new raids having new raid tokens & overall being more lucrative.
We don't know what the raiding situation in PoF will be, but if the current 4 wings remain relevant, then yes.
If the optimal Soulbeast rotation is pet weaving I'll be slightly pissed. Nearly as bad as DOT weaving in WoW used to be.
If the optimal Soulbeast rotation is pet weaving I'll be slightly pissed. Nearly as bad as DOT weaving in WoW used to be.
My guess is that a spatial ring search will reveal evidence.
we had 150k before, years ago. Or do I remember wrong?
Even with credit card grinding you still have raid for 3 months.
If anything it would make more expensive sigils cheaper & many cheaper sigils more expensive, anyhow it's a stupid excuse.
There is extremely high chance for that to come back, because pretty much all anniversary sales had them. Just wait patiently, it might just be a few days away.
Absolutely
Beautiful black precursor you've got there.
I did HoT map completion on ele before. Full zerker gear makes it easier, despite what many think and if you have trouble killing something you can consider using Sandstorm (Glyph of Storms in earth attu). It's possible that it would be easier on some other weapon combination, but staff is fine too.
I hope he didn't miss out on his wish.
You should probably tell us what class you are using, with traits & gear. You are definitely doing something wrong in that department, I refuse to believe that it's your mechanical skills!
if it's Mo, he obviously shouldn't be fired, but then we are doomed, fashion wise .)
I'm ready for downvotes. Here goes: The guy that loves & enforces trenchcoats should be ......

If a janitor leaves the door dirty every day for years, he should be fired!
You won't need POF mats for the weapons. They will be probably optional, 100%doable with HoT only.
This feels unnecessary.
Eagle!
That looks pretty good, now let's just make the fires much better looking in the raptor tutorial. Those things aren't great to be shown to new players right away xd
Maybe they'll raise the limit, if there is one?! I strongly suspect that performance isn't related to polygon count in gw2 very much, textures on the other hand influence this much more & looking at our mounts they seems to be rather well optimized.
Heavily defended though, much underwater combat required ðŸ˜€
I'm fine with killing tiny looking spiders, I just don't focus on the details, but watching a huge very detailed spider for extended periods of time, I could probably bear it, because it's just a game, but it would be vexing.
As someone with arachnophobia I cannot support it being scrapped enough.
I think GW2 should be a new player's paradise. There is a LOT of content now, lots of annoying things fixed. The new mastery based progression system is rather awesome too. Yes for players that were active for 5 years it gets boring, because there was enough time to get bored of all content & experience content droughts, but if someone starts now that shouldn't be an issue at all. There needs to be more advertising me thinks.
I wish the technology was there yet!
Sure it wouldn't be bad, but then again it feels wasted dev time. Since this isn't something that most of us need.
The anniversary sales will start soon, so it's very likely that within 6 weeks it will be up again for at least a day.
Sometimes certain bugfixes are low priority for a very long time, but overall it's worth to work around them. It's not like WoW has no long lasting bugs, or stupid things. (like how unintended mechanics nearly ruined a whole expansion for me on shadow priest)
I remember when in GW1 we ran 4 mesmers & 1 warrior on GvG-s XD
The post is 92% upvoted, the half that says OP is wrong is a vocal minority. 
You aren't, mesmers are the worst!
That's how it should work, but it doesn't. 
I cannot load into any map. SO ARE THEY REALLY BACK?
Yeah it's the most legal way to cheat with taxes in the EU. (Ireland ftw)
2 ppl fighting 2 ppl in ranked! 
They are soloable! Either you are a skilled & patient player then you can do ALL of them solo. Alternatively you can just do some solo WvW & then spend your wvw tokens to unlock them. 
In my experience I rarely had to wait for more than 2 minutes for 2 others to show up at any hero point in EU prime time and I did a map completion just a few weeks ago, it was effortless + there are a ton of hero point tours organized on the lfg as well.
Oh no! I have to play with other ppl in an MMORPG! :D
I just hope the patch won't be delayed, don't have my hopes up though :(
There are several torches that fit it, that doesn't fit anything IMO.
Is there an epub for this? Would be nice if i could read it on my Kindle, just to catch up.
Recommending Flames of War XD
Excellent shitpost!
To think that I would upvote a video by WP. What a time to be alive!
I hate the checkpoint system. It's immersion breaking & also it's easy to miss one on some earlier jps. It's lazy design to somewhat counteract teleport to friends & mesmer portals.
Checkpoints suck!
It will run well. 
Not that I want to defend Anet, because it's probably not very complicated, but WoW is entirely different. WoW has an extremely customizable interface thanks to it's LUA engine, it's a piece of cake to do stuff like this..
Too bad it's not rap this time :(
I want to point out, that there is a good chance that Anet will just rush out build templates that are build templates only, without a gear manager. In many ppl's eyes build templates are the the 2 things in one. Swapping your build is MUCH faster than swapping around your legendary gear's stats. 

The leak with the chatcodes we saw is certainly only for your traits and maybe skills.
GW2 is still the top ranked released game on mmorpg.com, so I guess that's something.
Fashion Wars players being unhappy with a release & then quitting after 2 weeks is relevant from a business perspective.
I said "initially". Those came months after release. 
HoT had what, 2 sets initially? That won't make 4 sets okay :P
All manga sites have it.
Imagine if if it had less power & more condi damage, all else equal. We just don't know what they'll do!
Yeah, spent 2 minutes trying to find them on norn, such a disappointment. 
It's fine, since you'll pay for it ^
This throwing effect is just fine.
I think they should just patch up the hand aura effects on all older legendaries, because they seriously look outdated. (except the new one on the Dreamer)
I want one that has healing, but no toughness.
Unless there is sufficient extra reward, I wouldn't do it.
A maximalist will likely to give up the whole cat collecting, after being forced to do HM Observatory for a full collection. Unless Fractal selling starts up again, but I think nobody really wants that. (other than dungeon selling ppl ofc)
You don't have to heal as condi. You can just play the pure dps build without druid, with beast mastery. If you choose to pay the condi druid variant, then the main thing will be adding Grace of the land spam into your dps rotation.
Literally unplayable!  
The cat thing is indeed mean. :(
The safety of the dog is probably significantly less important to the parent. Though this does not mean that I agree with practice of leashing kids.
Try what happens with your fps if you alone run into an enemy zerg with standard character models on.
70-110 on an empty map perhaps, no CPU will reach consistent 60 fps during world events or wvw, or near the bank at some places.
Even a GTX 960 is way more than enough, if you have  a GTX 970 or a GTX1060 you will never hit a gpu bottleneck in gw2, as long as you have the frame limiter on.
Nah, sorry for the misunderstanding, it's just a joke. Google the whole sentence, if you're interested in the origins of it.
The technology just isn't quite there yet!
There is no abuse what so ever. Sometimes the demand skyrockets. Remember silk before ascended armor crafting? It used to be vendor trash.
I'm curious if the convenience of having 5 stat swappable trinkets like this one will justify looking like a gigantic moving blob of light in combat. For me I'll probably craft the one that I like the most, probably not this one.
Right now it's hardly convenient at all without build templates. Takes more time to swap, than otherwise.
The clock speed is a bit low on this 8 core Risen, but ye, it's still fine for GW2.
I agree, it's pretty damn bad.
It should be Pyramids on Fire, Yo!
Any chance for a setting for weapons not getting stowed after 20 seconds? 
yep
I love it!
Wonder how long 10k logs would take there :D
B386 had some critical bugs, it's for the best.
Yeah, it's unbelievable that someone extremely skilled at gw2 pvp can be so dumb.
Came here to see the glider :(
Longbow, because well flowers....
XD
I'm not interested in the cheating business, but that's hardly proof and it's not rocket science to work around it. Many ppl have the same exact Pc as well. If they go deeper, like they look at Mac addresses and whatnot, that's a huge breach of privacy.
That is certainly true, but if there is no in game communication & the guy that enters the shared account is using a VPN, how would he get caught? Sure the shared account might get fucked, but the other guy won't. Please tell me what else can they track.
Robin, electro blue, turquoise 
Yeah right, because VPN-s & out of game communications don't exist :D It's easy to get away with something like this.
Yeah right, because VPN-s & out of game communications don't exist :D It's easy to get away with something like this.
It's funny that you mention power creep, in the old days scaling was very different and I oneshot everything on low level maps, today I don't.
She is the benevolent version of Scarlet. Typical Anet writing, if you ask me!
I had similar cpu to that too, 7fps at shaman was totally fine.
Why there hammer, dammit.
Farm the shit out of CoF on day one & then hoard that spark that went for 9 gold and hoard many other things. Such as Ghastly shields & chainsaw greatswords just to name a few.
It's turtles all the way down!
Set character model limit to  "low"might help a little bit. (Low, not lowest)
No PC can run GW2 at permanent 60fps. I have a near identical config to yours & I can safely say that you have nothing to worry about. Learn to live with it! No amount of money can buy a PC that will do significantly better.
Haven't had cats in 15 years, but my kittens always ate the frogs they've across and had major diarrhea after xd
Tachiyomi
shrooms
I'M also on Eu and I remember something like this during Pink day in LA, radio with Malibu Barbie.  
I'm surprised that Desolation isn't mentioned.
There is a major difference between low and lowest. Just stick to low, unless you have a real shit computer.
Just wow, ppl have the weirdest OCDs.
I think banning for being afk isn't realistic, afk detection though shouldn't be too hard, I mean someone doesn't leave the spawn for over 30 second after the game started could easily be flagged as an afker.
Let's be honest, the standard of tennis was much lower back then. Pretty much no achievement can be compared to today.
Biggest mistakes Anet has ever made:
1)Blow up LA
2)...
I think the Arah GS might be a better match! (or spectral ofc)
Your i3 laptop is probably way better for gw2 though.
I think they said in the past that this will probably never happen.
Yes except we cannot even make ourselves immune.
You're just imagining things.
That is totally true. I just fear that lack of deer wouldn't even put a dent on the tick population. The ticks can live off tiny lizards, the fuckers. I love Forest walking, but I'm too afraid of ticks.
It's enough, just don't expect functional multitasking, whilst playing a large game.
Except ticks like wolves as well.
Hehe ðŸ˜‚
RAM speed does have an effect, but it's nearly negligible in this case.
Your vga doesn't matter in gw2, pretty much only the cpu does, but the optimization is terrible.
Oh please! Look at WoW,Blizz can release countless armor sets /year for more races. Also outfits, I refuse to believe that armor sets are more than 33%more difficult to make. Look at that ice outfit released recently. It's basically looks like a complete armor set, the pieces are so pronouncedly separate that there would be zero chance for clipping. There is an outfits team and they give zero fucks, when they accidently make an "armor set".
Not saying that you cannot learn engi, but the mechanical skill required is different from Wow or Eve methinks.
The Shipgun legendary is pretty bad, or the new torch.
Wait, we are the internet!
I wonder what legendary will be released this time.
 Just craft it, it will take months to get a near complete set from fractals and you'll never get to the upper tiers for a better droprate either without at least one full set.
Tenebrous Crystals please!
I think it's better to save those for alts, since you'll be completing the map with at least your main anyway and its easy to do HPs during the first week of release. 
The panda expansion was awesome, way better than Cata. It had some fantastic raids. Warlords was terrible-ish on the other hand. 
Dude you've got a drip in there, you shouldn't even be typing not to mention gaming.
I think the Joey Rachel fling was the worst point in the whole show. Imagine what could have been with Phoebe.
so much excite
For a 1000$, for all we know.
I'd like to have it too bro, but I think we will soon get an announcement, that it will be delayed by at least a month. Real reason will be content pacing before expansion, excuse along the lines, they want to get it "right".
I don't care about the teaser, I just want an ETA.
That's difficult to call, but hey, don't encourage them!  
Out of these I think only the Black Knight is somewhat probable. 
dear god, it could happen
Still using Hangouts.
naturally, same as gliders.
I like this idea, I really do, since I love exploring. I think however that gw2 already has some fantastic reward systems, and activities that should have cool rewards, what's missing is actual cool rewards. Outside of the odd legendary, there are mostly gem store rejects rewarded for doing content and armors are almost completely dismissed too, pretty terrible in a fashion wars kind of game, if you ask me.
mount skins
Depends on the hdr algorithm.
Ranger pets have no footfalls, there needs to be a footfall for all 4 paws. 
More powerful elite specs will drive up sales, even if it's only 5% they will do it. 
Postprocessing doesn't do anything to fps on a powerful computer. Things that do: character model limit & shadows from high to ulta
I'm sorry for your wasted efforts, not the right time bro.
Good cat and good plan to deal with family bothering you to much.
Let's invite the trisolarians!
Just throw shit into the toilet, no need to do fancy stuff with ectos.
Fire wyvern is best for your needs. Not particularly good, but since the f2 activation fix it is best. (Wyverns are best at cleaving attacks outside of f2 as well)
You would do it too, if you could reach it xd
It's dreaming about being lean, catching birds and stuff. I mean look at those claws.
Here I am with my 245 magic find & thinking, yay I don't need to bother with this.
I hope this is not one of those "Let's release all translated chapters, because Qidian is fucking me in the ass" kind of mass release.
I wish her succeed more than anyone else, but there are no such miracles. It's not an issue of confidence, but rather technique. It will take a LOT of work to improve on it substantially. 
The processor thing won't be noticable in actual use. The problem with LG is that they have problems with soldering and i image retention getting progressively worse on their displays over time. The problem with the Sony is the price and the camera, but in all honesty the XZ premium is the first one, where I could live with the camera, it's a notable improvement.
She'll be crushed at Wimbledon, in all probability. Her service game needs a lot of work.
Foxes act anomalously like this if they have rabies.
Invisible boots, doing a full shroom run every day.
I'd rather not read your future.
Yes, but this is definitely the future.
Arrow on Kudzu it's completely ridiculous as well, I don't have my hopes upðŸ˜‚
I'm fairly sure that I would do much worse in pvp with a setup like this :D 
It will be ready in an other 12 months, I'm sure. Too bad the medium is still going to forever remain a trenchcoat meme. 
Bird's smug AF.
thats a bit too easy to crop out :-) anyways, nice job!
Evon Gnashblade killed all members of the organization, in order to sell more Bank express items. 
Those aren't real! Xd
I for one would love to have a Janice in my life.
How do you convert UM to gold?
They do silly stuff all the time, so it's super easy to catch funny material.
In ESO there are a LOT more armor sets. I have not played ESO, but I'm fairly sure this is true. 
It's 10+mom, look closer, one of them is hard-ish to see.
You overestimate water resistance. It's only a sometimes working safety feature, you should never let it touch water intentionally. If it survived falling into water, or a beer spill, it did it's job.
Amoled image retention/burn in.
Next time you make a video like this, please hide the backpack!
Nobody knows.
My former Galaxy s6 had it nearly as bad.
Eat whilst you play, dammit.
Tarkin was terrible, but Leia looked like your typical actress in lots of makeup, had I not known, I wouldn't have noticed.
Mild AF.
I think Scrubs's was pretty great.
Completely new set of writers for season 8 and those morons didn't like Jackie+hyde, so the first thing they did was to break them up in the most stupid way.
Nope
It's very dumb, possibly thought out by ppl that don't play the game very much. 
I know at least 5ppl that are lazy to bother with apple seeds and just eat them without any concern.
I think it's terrible. There are 2 new impending doom type of decks and those shouldn't exist in my opinion and Jade too is still meta, so there are 3 in total. Extremely unhealthy to the game.
I don't know if it's worth it for you or not. However pvp is pretty much unplayable without it. Bear in mind that the new xpac will come in 6 monthsâ€‹ in Moâ„¢ time. (Possibly a year in real time) When it comes getting Hot for free might not be an impossibility.
Rapid fire is pretty good, when not stuck.
What model is the watch?
It could be the rom, for sure.
Was it doing anything at all, or just sleeping with the screen off? If direct sunlight not heated up your back pocket in a very unlikely manner, (Shouldn't happen during a bike ride) then the culprit isn't heat, water is unlikely too, because the op phone has some sealing, it's not very likely to take damage from a wet cloth like surface.
Did you feel that it was heating up? It should have been very noticeable, if it turned itself off for that reason.
Unless there is a major breakthrough in computing, possibly not an order of magnitude more than today, excluding software improvements.
And people still call her competent.
4th picture
Wives are the worst.
I like Scrubs very much.
Emui 5 is close enough now, especially with some pixel theme  goodies.
Are snapping turtles tortoises?
It's not even close.
That's beautiful.
literally unplayable  
So much better than the cat that had a giant penis on it's head.
Only if you used Google Keep..
A single full run of AC makes one a TP power user?
Merged storage is generally useless shit. If you can configure your sd card it's better to use it normally, storing only media content on it.(or things like map data)  Manufacturers are obsessed trying to make adoptable storage work, but imo it's a waste of time and r&d.
Are you very old to assume that?
And now i see 2 of them on the same day...
Same for me. This one really shouldn't have been discounted. The best icon pack there is.
Seems good.
Can anyone please spoil it for me how long this period of weakness is going to last? 
That's wrong, or rather app dependant.
It's a different thing, xposed shit can remove the empty ad banners too.
Ppl use xposed for YouTube ad removal and other piracy related stuff, the rest is useless fluff. I think it's about time we let it RIP.
That's unfortunate.
I dropped the novel 20 chapters ago for that reason, not missing it so far.
Haha, Internet wisdom at it's best!
Wouldn't even bother without a box wrap.
Is it though?
Want shiny blue staff >> farm le tokens!
It doesn't look nearly as good. ðŸ©
Sony phone cameras do kind of suck. With the XZ they mostly fixed low light, but in good conditions the pics are still inadequate, the lenses used are worse than what many use in their mid range phones and there is no raw support. I would take Huawei p8 lite's camera over any of these sonys, at least for stills for sure.

OnePlus is no awesomeness either, with their Samsung reject panels that suffer from green/pink hue problems. I would sooner buy a Sony, at least they have most non photographic things right.
I don't necessarily say that gw2 is difficult to balance, but the balance dev(s?) has a hard time with it. Also GW1 mostly had a somewhat healthy variety of builds precisely because of how many skills there were. You could come up with interesting ways to counter OP builds. For example in Tombs(HA) rangerspike (spirit spam era doesn't count) was for the longest time in a sense the strongest build, but because it was countered by so many things it dropped in popularity after an initial short period of dominance. To explain this more, ranger spike at it's core is a MUCH more powerful build than balanced 1 mes 1 ele 2 warrior + monks + 1 random.  It's just at times when ppl were vary of rangerspike, there were multiple "shields up" skills ran as a result absolutely demolishing average rspikes. Ofc there are other factors, such as skill. Unlike in gw2 pvp, in gw1 skill was an enormous factor. A highest grade rangerspike in HA could beat almost any non ranged spike build, if they were extremely skilled & patient & had enough time to kite around for a very long time. 
Rspike is just one example, the same can be said for almost all OP gimmicky builds that were popular at any point in time. Gw1 was just a brilliant pvp game. (with the exception of meeting "Your Math Teacher[Math] on relic run maps, that was just a random calamity I guess)
very
It just wanted head scratching at that moment in time.
Assuming it's not an unlocked phone, it's entirely possible that it's not going to get it. It's doable to update it on your own, albeit it's quite the hassle.
Elun is indeed great, no wonder it's not on sale ðŸ¯
Yeti has more value!
Nearly identical head shape to Bambi ðŸ¦Œ
Isn't the best one a Windows app that works via adb?
Genuine 4Chan sorry!
This is true in stone countries, but it's not true everywhere.
That's true for all of them. It's just that p8 reached it's end of life in terms of software updates. Still it's worth considering, because it has by far the best camera out of these.
Lg g6, ips screen that has major image retention problems and possibly the first bootloop reports are coming in soon. Same old Goldstar...
Longbow, last controversial legendary to get an alternative.
To think that I would see the day. I'm getting old.
I too think it's the best one. The Google proprietary Literata font by itself justifies its use. Yes you gotta upload and then download it, but I think it's still worth it very much.
here maps
Excellent. Â¯\\__(ãƒ„)__/Â¯
Rasman is the only player in GW2 that hurts my eyes consistently since 2012. 
With the trait everything shortbow should count as "shooting from behind". Seems non vague to me.
Poison Volley does not seem to reliably work with the new Light on your feet trait. 
It's not like outfits have any alternatives, sans a few 4 years old sets.
Could be overdone photoshopping.
I already had 3 different Nougat OTAs on mine. Only forget updates if you aren't using an unlocked phone.
The artist that designed armor, is currently making mounts, he/she makes one mount / every nine months. (it's not an easy thing to do, considering that charr butts would clip differently than asura butts.) 
What a monster!
I wouldn't call the Honor 8 a midrange phone.
The deciding factor in cameras is software and lens, the sensor is mainly responsible for non HDR dynamic range capabilities & low light noise. As for the  Snapdragon 801 that's a completely different animal, it's still quite a bit better than what the majority of manufacturers use in the current midrange phones (Snapdragon 625 & the like). Yes the new chips have 8x 64 bit A53 cores, but it's all futile, since the 800/801 have 4 (a bit outdated) performance  cores.
I just want the Tapir to completely explode.
The cameras in mid range phones are much worse and midrange phones usually only have a53 cores, so it's a matter of perspective wether one thinks that's reasonable specs.
Yes, the writing is a bit one dimensional in gw2. :-)
Use Huawei backup to backup your apps & data to sd. Yes if I tryhard I can slow it down, but which android phone on Earth won't slow down ,if you do crazy things, like stablizing video in photos, whilst playing a game, I'm sure even the s12 won't handle that, but in normal operations it's fine, typical performance for flagships.
It's not the processor, wrong guess. It's about as powerful as the one in the s7. (10% slower than flagships today) It's definitely not hardware related at all. Either your phone is full of trash apps, or your provider's custom rom is trash, or there is a miscellaneous random software problem. I suggest you do a factory reset. I have this phone as well, it never produced slowdowns, or heating issues outside of gaming. Also the phone manager is a bullshit app on all phones, Android does not need it and it can cause additional problems, ignoring it as much as possible is a good idea. You are way better off restarting the phone instead of pressing"optimize".
Is it an unlocked phone? Because if not then it's no surprise.
It's extremely difficult to get a truly good camera in this price range today. Maybe spend just a bit more for a p9.
Not saying the 3t's camera is bad, but it's worse than the nexus's. 
Camera's not even close.
That looks way better too.
Podcast Addict.
Just use podcast addict. What you are trying to do is one of the reasons many of us switched to Android.
Whew, I was thinking that it looks super bland, boring and dyes like shit when out of combat. Oh well.
It's the ship gun. Minstrel is fine.
It's the same with medium, it has this "clips with all ladyhair" thing on the back that pushes away all weapons.
Unfortunately the forecast for spacerocks is pretty unreliable. 
It's still useful to keep a set in the bank & new ppl start doing it every now and then & buy these weapons armor etc.
Yeah, it is.
They are expensive, beacuse good (exactly)lvl10 items are tools for keyfarming.
How big was the largest squid you guys have seen down there?
I feel that whilst the maps and the story itself were okay the rewards were pretty lackluster. I still remember doing my daily LA round for that selfless potion...
I don't know their lineup very well, but the helio X20 & X25 both have 2x A72 performance cores. (10 core design with 8 slow A53 cores & 2 decent A72 cores) 
It has only a53cores, even Mediatek has much faster socs now.
It's not very cheap, considering the garbage entry level Cpu.
Nice precursor you got there!
The photo is from a website selling trenchcoats. 
For context:
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/130608260083482624/307053935024406531/unknown.png
Also it's obviously not her real picture, just look at the end of the link "/wholesale-extra-long-trench-coat-for-women.jpg"
Don't do it. Tempered glass is garbage on 2.5d glass screens. It's a shame that companies still try to sell it for devices like that. All types are useless, be it the too thin one, or the type that has glue on the sides, that's the worst.
They are certainly not armor art making devs, but rather gem store weapon set making devs, or PR ppl.
It's a matter of personal preference. Safari is slow in my opinion, because you cannot just go to the end of a long page with a single forceful drag. Yes Google is doing its best to fuck up Chrome recently, currently I'm using Brave for that reason, it is much better than Samsung browser I think.
Hi! 
I'd like a code ðŸ˜€
I'm not aware that Hangouts died, in fact just made a Hangouts call a minute ago.
I hope you are not stealing someone else's garden cat.
If Lawrence Fishburne reincarnated into a cat.
I'll give you the pupper in a second, just let me send this text.
Much faster than chrome on my non Snapdragon phone xd 
Someone has a boring office job, hehe.
There are no truly high quality usb-c Iems and adapters suck.
God, I miss this show.
Is this useful, isn't this frog poisonous?
A person with no ID shouldn't vote period, in any country. America is pretty much the only "civilized" country that lets ppl vote like that.
It may be labeled as stable, but video recording isn't working, probably even stills are bad compared to official stock. 
No such thing other than official.
Like you would notice the difference. The p9 generally loads gamesâ€‹ much faster for instance than the 3t, which supposedly has superior storage technology.  
Nearly all oneplus3 phones suffer from this as well. It's extremely normal if larger oled sheets are used during manufacturing. (Cheaper, but 60% more gradient hue)
Idiots
Define intelligence. On Earth outside of primates we have dolphins, octopi, crows etc. The mental ability of a 5-7 years oldâ€‹ child has been reached by so many species just on Earth that assuming intelligence is 1 in a million seems weird to me. Octopi are especially interesting, because of how different of a lifeform they are from us, they are almost alien.
What's your build number?
Thank your shitty provider and next time buy an unlocked device.
Please just give us the legendary longbow next. Considering Kudzu.. :) 
95% of that are f5 sect members. It's about time to destroy that sect.
Please be careful about adding new features, the best feature of notepad is (opening)speed :-)
What credibility, he never had any.
I haven't gotten a legendary in 90 packs, what's up with the pity timer?
Tinder is for smashing only isn't it? Also the pic is fake, there is no trees on the Antarctica.
Thanks a lot! This app is fantastic. Exactly the notepad I always wanted on Android.
Queensdale
This is extremely difficult for me to believe, are you perhaps on lower settings?
It's a fairly gentle way to cheat, that's what it is.
Am I the only one that's sick of fractals? :) 
1440 pentile to 1080rgb, negligibleâ€‹ difference in perceived resolution.
That's the thing, this isn't the issue at all. I don't care about 3d games, but I have experienced pure A53 phones (even at 2.2khz)before and they are fairly slow to load apps & they lag a lot, even with hacked kernels & crazy CPU scheduling. Obviously it's still a perfectly usable speed, but there are better alternatives for the same price (or less), such as the helio X20.
It's an embarrassing performer in 2017, outside of power draw ofc. 
Lucky it's not the new T-Rex!
Riiiight, because dropping 1000g on anything in GW2 will mean that you are rich :D
That title reminds me of ppl wearing fake Rolex watches. 
Anon that values top stats get ppl that rage at him & afk, go figure :-) 
That's surprising, considering that Jade shaman is nearly as annoying.
This better for the future thing is so meaningless. In 3 years it has a chance to be better, will you still use it then? The 1060 is better now, the drivers are also better. 
I have a p9 with 3 gigs of RAM, It has not yet gone above 2 gigs of RAM used.
It's extremely unlikely that they could make a better looking GS in my opinion. 
Just the opening speed alone (even in favorites view with large portrait pics) makes it worth it. Also it has any feature you would ever want in a dialer and there are some nice customization options. You can run the free version ad free for a while as well, so feel free to try it.
True phone dialer(way better than any other dialer out there), Nova prime, Shazam encore, Sync for reddit pro, Textra ad free.
That means your battery detoriated quite a bit, if you are on Nougat and your phone's battery feels the same when it was new.
Technically 2 hours of SOT is still usable..à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤
The final verdict is still not out on dash charge.  It's been just barely long enough to do some testing regarding battery  aging, but 1+ conveniently pushed Nougat just a while ago, which improves power consumption, so meaningful testing is difficult to do.  
Probably it will ruin it pretty quickly, even if it's the same as dash charge, there is just no way that the battery will be usable after 2 years of daily charging. 
This how lions hunt elephants.
I prefer the ips display on the regular model, no amoled burn in is nice.
The p9 is great, especially now that Nougat fixed most of Emui's annoyances, but it will never have stable Cm/aosp for sure.

 The XZ is also pretty great, except the photos made in good light are semi bad. (First Sony phone that doesn't completely suck in bad light though)

The Nexus 6p is a huge phone, also kind of fragile, but otherwise it's a very good choice still.

Htc10 is great and terrible at the same time. Wifi reception is a joke, it's so bad that that alone was a deal breaker for me + it's a super slow phone compared to other 2016 flagships.

Moto Z is way behind on camera tech+Lenovo doesn't do software updates, so this phone doesn't have anything going for it really.
It's it only chrome? It could be a prank edit of the host file.
I tried wild yesterday as well. Above rank 10 it's the same as standard. Pirate, Reno are everywhere.
I think gnome would be used.
Lol, are you serious, hungry crab never kept anything check, regular pre anyfin decks were just bad-ish. The only reason why Artosis ran it that one time is because the best decks were not as optimized yet.
Yeah, depending on the usage, still it's a decent app with the root companion. For temporary diagnostic usage.
I love how with Gsam the top battery consuming app is usually Gsam ðŸ¤£
Guide: how to feed an eagle.
It's not entirely wrong. The program have mathematical formulas for circles, stripes etc and it's randomly selecting from stuff in it's database.
The shapes aren't fully random, only the colors are.
Edit: what I wrote is not true, certain angles and object positioning is also random within certain parameters.
It worked now, thanks!
The codes are invalid, I tried 2 of em.
It's not like the 500 I already got from PvP will disappear.
They won't, because the whole thing is a moneygrab, be happy if they won't decrease the chance further, considering Hall of flame dust and more pve packs.
Facebook is not the Internet.
Got it a few days ago.
Thanks!
I think these "inevitable doom" mechanics are really bad. (Jade, C'thun)
In my experience a high clocked
 i3 will run it better than a lower clocked i7 from a previous generation. For example the i3-6100 runs gw2 rather well. 
In the current meta the choices are super limited, regardless of what I prefer.
No anti venom for a bite from this guy. ðŸ˜¥
Nope, I prefer midrange decks.
Reno mage is also really disgusting, so it's only fair.
Thanks, this is a fun little game.
Awesome tech, my human brain does not see the difference between the lemurs on the picture ðŸ˜Ž
With root you can use navbar on the s7, then it will work, but best mind that screen burn will be an issue.
What an exciting time to be alive, so many translations reached exciting arks this month.  
Gw2 beating Cosplaygirls, dream on!
If you cannot solve this, go for the nuclear option. (Factory reset)
Ppl that don't play PvP shouldn't be allowed to vote xd.
Thanks!
Nokia Ngage and the Amazon Fire phone.
Reshade Wars 2.ðŸ¤£
In built tiny Stargate with an iris, not bad!
Imagine if the cat jumped him in a critical moment, because you know cats are predictable ðŸ˜Ž
I hate that pattern too.
Swipe error, sorry.
They probably won't give a f about the US at all.
No
How did you end up with 5 gold?
I hate you OP.
The regular p9 is great, no need to worry about amoled burn in and it's not like 4gb ran means anything with Huawei's aggressive memory management.
So thin and stylish. 
Physical home button would be a massive mistake, if it's only a capacitive fingerprint scanner I'm OK with it.
1.75usd for a shit, now that's quite something.
Is it true though? No bullshit?
It's a staff.
Pretty damn good.
yes
I hope he won't forget the reward for beating him on ladder. ðŸ¯
Not even perfect, I see 3 ears.
Is Musk still on that committee?
Most lifelike drawing i have ever seen. Especially on my little phone screen.
4chan user visits reddit.
It's only been what, half a year?
I'm shocked that as a registered Reddit user you say that ðŸ˜Ž
I have a smartphone, but I have trouble accepting that it's not a feature phone, damn you Huawei (+_+)
Nothing is more annoying than waiting for an sms app or an sms to load, just use Textra, it's faster.