Since you're looking at HDCRTs I'd honestly suggest finding something that isn't an aperture grille. The AG is great for low resolution stuff but gets beat out by a shadow mask when trying to display anything that needs fine detail. If you can find an LG Flatron I would go for that.

But if you're only looking at those two then the KD34XS955 is the superior of the two.
https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/2018/old-data-new-tricks-fresh-results-from-nasa-s-galileo-spacecraft-20-years-on
Your comment is closer to being clickbait than this article. Did you try clicking the blue link where it says learn more?
*McDicks
Sucks to suck, dude.
Well the rest of the world can get that shit for free...
my preferred method involves the f5 and f9 buttons
I'm not sure about just any random monitor, but if you can find a decent one that has a pitch of .25mm or less, and a high enough horizontal rate to display at least 1600x1200 with acceptable vertical frequency then it would be better than a 1080p lcd in my opinion. As for finding an FW900 I can't really help you with that, it was an incredibly expensive monitor when it was released so anyone who had one knew very well the value of it, thus it's not something you'll find in a thrift shop.
Shell out for an FW900 I guess. But just so you know, a 4:3 tube can display any aspect ratio with letter/pillarboxing. So even a large 4:3 monitor would be good.
So if I'm reading this right then you're saying this could potentially trigger WW3?
You'd think with how expensive these cars are they would put adults in them.
Some friends and I made a pipe out of that spacer and it made this fucking hilarious sound when you inhaled, like a duck quaking after it inhaled helium. It basically limited you to a couple tokes cause as soon as the weed kicked in you'd be laughing your ass off too much to use it.
Your cpu just isn't cut out for hosting. The bulldozer architecture is a joke. 
In what world is that a tiny desk? Lol
Some people really do need to be taken out back and just shot in the head.
It would probably be cheaper to hire someone to kill him, which is what I would do.
That's really awesome man! Always love to see your work on here.
marines aren't soldiers? til
I don't get the joke. What is this referencing?
I sure did not expect that to happen!
butter both the bread and pan and don't set the heat too high. you should also try eggs in a basket.
american theaters sound pretty fucking horrible. even when I saw the hobbit in the opening week it was a half full theater and nobody made a fucking sound during the entire film.
ever try frying bread/bagel on a frying pan? waaaaay better than the dry shit you get out of a toaster.
I wonder what percentage of players have over 1000 hours of playtime.
/r/ATBGE 
like captain marvel avengers war?
aww man, nothing like watching a fucking 27" screen from way across the room....
Well he is actually a doctor, so no it shouldn't be. Doesn't mean he isn't full of shit though. I think most osteopathic doctors are full of shit.
this is really cool but if anyone else considers doing this please buy a reproduction shell off ebay or something and do not gut a real game boy!
the least smooth way to repost something
There's nothing unexpected there though. Western society and most others expect a pair of smooth legs in a skirt to be attached to a woman. When you pan up to an old man it's unexpected because men don't wear skirts, it's fucking odd. Now explain to me what's unexpected in seeing a person in a wheelchair?
> we are up around 2% of the population

you kind of just answered your own question right there. numbers aside we have societal norms you know.
I'm really not. I remember back in 2005 or so when it was released and I had made my secondary email there despite being a longtime hotmail user.
not to mention gmail didn't exist in 1991!
Now imagine how much science you could have gotten from this if you had an orbital science station around Duna!
he probably heard it coming. you generally hear the thunder before you see lightning
Try forbidding the contents of the bin then dumping the bin.
sounds a lot like zonealarm. it was a useful program back in the day but holy shit was it ever annoying to do this for everything.
looks like an average takeoff attempt for me
It would be made even more interesting if Cannibal Corpse was playing in the same show.
> not exactly something you can just "aside"

Well I just did. I'm not saying it's okay or normal, just that five dead pixels is normal policy but the return period for Asus is not normal.
That's fairly normal aside from the 7 day thing.
that's not bjork.
til people still don't use an adblocker?
100m is his original height from the very first movie
> where a technician is required

It's 2018. YOU ARE THE TECHNICIAN!
Normally issues that crop up after a cold start and vanish after the heat up phase are capacitor issues. I'm not sure what part of the circuitry you need to work on but this is most likely a capacitor issue.
Sounds like an XBR.
https://www.kijiji.ca/v-tvs/winnipeg/36-jvc-tv-stand-and-shaw-pvr/1347545262?enableSearchNavigationFlag=true 36" D-Series with matching stand

https://www.kijiji.ca/v-tvs/winnipeg/panasonic-television/1347861837?enableSearchNavigationFlag=true 

29" Panasonic GAOO
If that fix is right then it's a relatively simple fix, just replacing a capacitor on the mainboard. If you're handy with a soldering iron and can source a replacement for the part then it's not a big job, but for someone without any electrical experience it's a lot less hassle to just find another TV. If you feel like taking a stab at it here's the service manual which details where the capacitor is.

https://www.manualslib.com/download/159613/Sony-Trinitron-Kv-32s40.html
sometimes less really is more.
dae guns are bad????
I can't read your graphics pack but the red makes me think yes.
you mean composite. I mean, you could use component and get a really really sharp b&w picture though.
doesn't it have one in the back pages of the book?
rocs are kind of terrible though.
You can also argue that car companies other than Honda made Civics.
I don't know. You should probably ask the guy who made it.
That Sony set has a matching stand made just for it. I've got the one for my FS13 and it's great. The FS100 is a relatively common model, so if you keep an eye open for one I bet you could find a stand for it. SU-32FS1 is the one you'd want.
Those aren't PVMs though. The tubes are even detailed enough to see that they aren't vertically flat.
Looks like CLA graphics set. Really good one.
He knew exaclty what he was doing.
Doesn't need to be a swamp. I've got a few tapes that have lost all tracking and audio due to this and other reasons. Most of them I don't care about but one is Terminator and that's a real bummer...
> 2D textures

hmmmm...
they fall apart and piss off the poor sap who has to unload them and then deal with drunks all day. this has been either reposted a bunch of times or tried by different breweries and it's a joke each time.
whoa man you just blew my fucking mind!
sorry but I'm white af so that went right over my head.
???
there's a bit of resentment towards trans people from within the lgbt community. I personally just stay out of that shit cause I don't need a "community" simply cause I like both genders. oh and I guess some gays don't really like us bi people as well.
Fuck. Now I can't just herd 50 children into a room and flood it with magma...
same for shadowflare. just drop items, end task in task manager. easy dupe.
For all intents and purposes it is pretty much the same TV. The only two features I know are different is the FS16 has volume normalization and PIP. Even an FV set would get you minimal upgrades over an FS set. I would just opt with not having to move two 220lb behemoths and stick with your current set.
quite possibly the only good thing in that game!
you appear to have a tiny bit of static.
I have the same set! Aside from Wega specific geometry issues it is an awesome television. Playing games and watching old shows on such a large screen really is worth the effort of having to move it. Eventually I plan on trying my hand at RGB modding it but I want to get a smaller Wega to experiment on first since the FS13 is my baby.
You say that but I'm playing with about 220 dwarves and it's not all that great finding shit for them to do. FPS is about 30-60 as well so playable but not amazing.
shitty quality content on pcmr? no way!
yeah it's real pita how old games just don't work anymore and there's no way to play them on a pc
try changing the colour temperature. might be set to 9500k
It definitely does have component.
It's just leaded glass. I've got a decanter made of the stuff and nobody in hazmat gear has come to take it away from me. So long as you aren't cutting yourself with the broken tubes or eating it you'll be fine.
It's not unique to unity.
It's also gonna kill your FPS until that level completely fills with magma and the flow equalizes. 
> But seriously, not everyone likes action rpg with a huge emphasize on traps/falls everywhere/invaders, all leading to your death.

the technical term is metrovaniatale with a hint of rogue/gauntlet.
cool story bro
That particular model does have component and composite. It's a KV-13FS100, probably the best 13" consumer set you'll find.
Make sure you don't mix up dot pitch and horizontal pitch. Sometimes those are used interchangeably.
bad bot
You could at least crosspost, or mention the model, give me a shoutout?
You're either European or not thinking of 4:3 screens. Standard sizes in North America were 13", 20", 27", 32", 36", and in a few cases there were actually 40" direct view sets but I can only think of a couple Sony XBR sets that were this big.
> or get help from someone else to make it happen.

That's a good joke!
My KV-36FS13 without the stand is 220lbs, according to the manual. I'd believe it too, as I was the one who picked it up and put it there. The stand does weigh 74lbs as well, but only a complete nutjob would move this TV with the stand attached. It most definitely is a 36" TV though. The actual tube is 38" but 2" is covered by the bezel to allow for acceptable convergence at the corners.
He could but it would require rewriting large portions of the games code and it's not gonna happen any time soon.
It's one of the latest releases, 44.03 or something.
CNET is not a reliable source of information. It lists pixel pitch as 0.22mm on this monitor when it's actually 0.25mm. What they're looking at is horizontal pitch I guess, but it says pixel pitch.
pfft, I also have a 36" Sony WEGA TV. It weighs about 220lbs.
This monitor can reliably go up to 2048x1536, actually. I don't know where you're getting native resolution from, CRT monitors don't have those. Maybe a resolution it's best suited to considering tube size, dot pitch, and horizontal scan rate. But not a native resolution like an LCD.

[Here's this monitor running at 2048x1536, with the curses_square_16x16 tileset.](https://i.lensdump.com/i/8THvBA.jpg) and [also a close up.](https://i.lensdump.com/i/8THn0q.jpg)
I had temporary walls put up to enclose it then removed them once the room was made.
Well good thing the monitor is the only thing from 1999! This is running on my modern computer. Just requires a passive DVI-VGA adapter, unless you have a GPU from the latest series by Nvidia or AMD. Those no longer have a DAC and can't output analog video.
Glad you like it! I'm a fan of your channel so it's awesome to see you comment here.
The monitor is a 21" Viewsonic P810. A very intimidating beast and quite an appropriate display for Dwarf Fortress considering the grahpics.
I was talking about RGB, like the color model or the video type.
http://dwarffortresswiki.org/Tileset_repository#8.C3.9716
8x16 might be "proper" but it wont look good, even on a 4:3 640x480 display.
No, it should be red, green, blue. RGB, you know?
I always play Dwarf Fortress on a CRT monitor with ASCII and true CGA colours for the authentic look. Just not at 640x480...I've tried, it's possible but not nice to play with. The amount of stuff you can see is incredibly limited compared to 1920x1440.
this is a fucking train wreck of an image...
I don't have any experience outside SD sets that aren't a Sony WEGA so I'd pick either a JVC D-Series or Panasonic GAOO as I hear either of those are high end sets comparable to a Sony.
They say that, but then they just post Spiderman.
They were the people stopping for breathers.
Yeah, that's the one. I loved that shit cause I would always run the furthest. Other people would stop for breathers or something and I'd just be running the entire time. Being part of the running club in elementary and participating in a few marathons really payed off to be honest.
Reddit has a lot of salty nerds that have a bone to pick with everybody they see.
I've had good experience in using just a dualshock for everything. Sometimes I bust out the duke and use that since it's a six face button controller.
I remember your setup from the front page. Really sweet stuff you've got going on.
I think the game just freezes physics objects until they have enough external force pushed onto them, then physics is enabled for it again. Happens in Spengies too.
Nah this game is literally worthless without the online. I just put my disc through the paper shredder and I'm gutting my PS3 to put a raspberry pi into the shell as well.
Get over yourself.
Nice! I was playing it recently on my monitor in 1920x1440 but the interface hardly works in anything other than 16:9.
What you have right now is going to be better than any CRT for CS:GO and I say that as a CRT enthusiast. If you really wanted to try a CRT for this then try to find one with the highest horizontal refresh rate possible and if you can one that has a vertical limit higher than the usual 160hz.
whoa! get a load of mr serious over here!
if that thing isn't dead simple to use I'd probably end up doing the same thing tbh
damn millennials 
Stephen Hawking passed away.
[This place really is pretty awesome!](https://i.imgur.com/Tao7oL5.png)
That thing would make a sick custom pc!
Should have sued the school for not putting up lightning rods to stop this from happening.
> a shadowy cloud with a black pyramid for a head holding an arrow. 

That's fucking metal.
I googled Chrome while using Edge earlier cause I was installing Windows for somebody and Firefox came up as the second result. I tried to convince the person they really should use Firefox instead and that even Google thought so but they didn't want to change.
pvmeme always gets le updoot 
I have the Lacie EBIV 19" and it is a rebranded 930SB. They aren't essentially the same monitor, they are. This is the same case for the 2070SB and the Lacie EBIV 22". Any of those three monitors you have available are excellent options but if I were you I'd be on the 2070SB like a hound. Don't let that thing go if you can!
What about a pool cover?
bring a laptop with [this](http://www.benchmarkhq.ru/fclick/fclick.php?fid=170) installed. geometry and convergence are generally very easy to fix so don't worry about that much, especially with the menu a 2070sb has. I would mostly look out for burn in, the white balance screen is good for that and you can also take a bright flashlight to the tube when it's off and see burn in. I hope it all works out for you, that's essentially one of if not the best VGA monitors ever made.

if possible I would stay for at least ten minutes with the display on. it takes about 30 minutes for a tube to be fully heated up but that's a while to stay in some strangers home so 10 should do. bring the guy some coffee and chat him up about it. ask about the history of the monitor such as when he bought it, what he bought it for, how often he used it, etc.
That's called mis-convergence. Basically, each gun needs to hit the same spot but when it's not converged properly they hit slightly different areas, creating this effect you see. It will always be best in the center of the screen and worst at the corners and edges but should never be as bad as what you're seeing. I don't use PVMs so I don't know if you can adjust their convergence like a VGA monitor or if you need to use the neckrings.
It wont go over 160hz vertical. That's the limit. Some monitors can do 200hz vertical but it's not common and you can only do that at a very low res.
Fake and gay. I can't believe you idiots upvote this shit.
From what I hear they're fantastic Monitors, usually a Sony tube. Try to find a cheap macintosh laptop of the era to do adjustments. There's no OSD so you'll need one.
Do you think it's possible that you might branch into RGB modded consumer sets in the future? Not necessarily as a service, but selling pre-modded sets.
I can understand why one might want this on an LCD in high resolution but on an SD CRT wouldn't you want to keep dithering since it actually serves a purpose?
If you properly vaporize it you'll get a minor effect. Can't recommend it though, might as well vape mint instead.
That looks really cool. I like the chunky look of it.
All of humanity started in the same place and diverged from there. It's not like the Native Americans popped into existence well after the Europeans did. So for at least 11,000 years EVERYONE had supported themselves. Also, did you know that the Native Americans faced a massive drop in population before any contact was made?
>Ion Maiden running on a classic crt television

Ah yes, all the nostalgia I have of growing up and playing classic games on a Sony PVM which my parents bought me for christmas...
I'm not disabled but I like using your style of input since a joystick is in many cases better than a simple on/off four direction input. So, thank you for bringing this to the attention of the devs and good luck on the battlefield!
> It's like saying the Native Americans were underdeveloped.

In contrast to the people who sailed across the ocean and brought with them gunpowder and firearms? Yes, they were.
The term PUP is used more commonly nowadays, isn't it? That is, potentially unwanted program.
I used an RF modulator all the way up to the N64. Never minded as a kid but now I can't even play the NES on RF, it's just too bad. Hell, now I can't even play my PS2 on composite. Not when I've seen what YPbPr looks like.
That guy in the pink shirt almost looks like Tarn Adams...
Facebook is particularly bad for that but Reddit is just as guilty and you see it on the front page all the time.
You mean like the ones Unicomp has been selling for years?
I just see a Windows 10 login screen.
Well when I emailed them I said "a hard A or soft A sound" so I'm gonna say it means a hard A sound.
> This subreddit is trash honestly

Just the subreddit?
it is. the original one was them RPing as lolis but that's too racy for leddit.
[I like this one better.](https://i.imgur.com/T2Pkt1D.png)
The idea gets brought up in the CRT community every so often. It's possible that at 8k you could emulate the phosphor look of a CRT, complete with scanlines, but even with OLED I'm not sure you could get an authentic look in terms of fluidity.
That was MSRP obviously. It's a rebranded FW900 from Sony and they go for around $500 now. From what I've been told by people who own them you can't really go back to using an LCD after having one.
I've played around 3000+ hours of ARMA 2/3 and this is bullshit. The effect doesn't change your ability to hit things any more reliably than you normally can. You just need to get good.
60hz isn't actually all that bad it's just LCDs fucking suck at normal refresh rates and have to make up for it with high refresh rate and other things like strobing backlights

source: owning a 60hz 0ms monitor
if we're talking the jump from 120 to 144 or 144 to 200 then you'd be right, but 60 to 144 is a huge difference that any gamer should notice and be blown away by if they haven't experienced it.
I have the 915FT+ which I guess is the 19" version. Awesome monitor even for modern use since it can do high resolutions easily. I absolutely loved those conductive menu buttons.
Couldn't be Cultist-Chan, there's no dwarves in 40k...
Start growing food and pick up a trade.
I'm fairly certain there's already a mod that did something like this.
thanks for reminding me why I unsubbed from this massive circlejerk
Clippit*
> The original is literally a Flawless film

lol
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/265/627/801.png
Hey, it would be nice if we used this stereotype less.
Holy shit, why is it so long?
The scene with Horatio and Hamlet huffing gas under the disraeli was hilarious.
Actually you're right. It's been a while since I played on the 915FT+ but the limit was indeed 200hz vertical.
>Also, what's the best crt monitor I can find that has a resolution of at least 1280x1024 (preferably at least 1600x1200)?

Just so you know, any half decent VGA monitor is going to go far beyond that. I run 1920x1440 and they made monitors which could resolve higher resolutions like the already mentioned FW900.

I'm not going to name specific monitors because there's a lot of amazing VGA monitors but I'll tell you what to look for. There's dot/grille pitch and horizontal scan rate. The pitch is essentially how close the phosphors are to each other, from one red line or dot to the next red one. .24mm or under seems ideal with some dot pitches going as low as .20mm but I don't think aperture grilles ever got that low. Horizontal scan rate is the other factor to take into consideration as this is what's going to limit you in terms of resolutions you can use as well as vertical refresh rate. Personally I think 110khz is the lowest you should go unless you really can't find anything. A monitor like that gives you access to a wide range of resolutions ranging from 640x480@225hz to 1920x1440@75hz. But of course if you can find one that goes higher then jump on it, they seem to be pretty rare.

For a GPU just get the best you can that's not from the GTX 10x0 series or Radeon RX line. Ideally a GTX 980 ti or Titan X 2015, but keep in mind that the only performance increase a Titan X will realistically give you is in scenarios where a 980 ti would have its VRAM fully loaded, which doesn't happen often with 6GB. I personally wouldn't get anything from AMD. The software support is not as good as Nvidia and neither is the performance.

When you find one it's worth looking at disabling EDID or bypassing it as the profiles most monitors were loaded with don't give you full access to their capabilities. This can be done easily by using a DVI adapter and removing the pin responsible for it. Some have said this didn't work for them but I've never had an issue with it.
Reform? I think you're going to need to rearm it first.
If you're good enough you can use a doorknob with your shoe like me.
Is that a P1110 or P991?
Lacie Electron Blue IV 19" (Rebranded DiamondPro 930SB) 110khz - 0.24mm 

LG 915FT+ 110khz - 0.24mm

Viewsonic P810-4 110khz - 0.22m

Samsung 955DF 85khz - 0.20mm

KV36FS13 15khz - ????

MD13Q41 15khz - ????
I would go there with something that has 240p test suite and a game I know well to test.
God damn it.
airbrakes are super op and you can just slam the rock into the ground iirc
The D-Series from JVC are right up there with XBR TVs from what I hear. Basically the best consumer shadow mask sets.
I'd like to think most people know that now, but the saying sticks.
that's not gatekeeping you moron.
never heard them called hot pixels. only stuck or dead depending on the state it's in.
We could also stop upvoting it.
https://www.kijiji.ca/v-tvs/winnipeg/36-jvc-tube-tv/1331236569?enableSearchNavigationFlag=true
36" JVC D-Series in Winnipeg for $20.
It's been said before, but I'm gonna say it again. OP might actually be retarded.
I used Spotify for the first time a few days ago. Can't say I see why people like it. It has poor audio quality for free users, premium is basically the bare minimum of acceptable, and, there's obnoxious and constant ads for free users.

I just don't see the point if you actually care about quality even a tiny bit.
>1280x1024

ğŸ¤”
> If all I wanted was the best color quality with the sharpest pixels then I could get a similar result with an emulator since that's already outputting RGB. 

I do exactly this with my Lacie monitor. It's probably sharper than most PVMs and has obnoxiously thick scanlines in 240p.
Very nice. Sometimes it's nicer to have a big tube than some fancy reference grade viewfinder.
I have a Grand Wega which uses a CRT projector. Just cause it's not a direct view doesn't mean it's not a CRT.
I know everyone is about that PVM life but you should keep an eye out for decent VGA monitors.
ayyyyy, toejam and earl
cause it's a spoiler
By 2035 I'm sure NATO will have switched to 6.5mm as the standard.
Looks like one of the FS-1xx models which support up to component.
Damn dude, that's a very lucky find!
Just google the games name and then free. Like "minecraft free" and usually you'll find it on the first link. The site will usually have a big button that says download here or something so you know where to click.
Cool stuff, but that tileset is horrendous.
> You can act like you're entitled to other people's work for free

Nobody does this.
Why would PC want any of their games? We've certainly never asked them to port anything before. Just seems silly of them to even ask PC players if we want their games.
https://www.reddit.com/r/crtgaming/comments/6kptfl/how_should_one_go_about_taking_pictures_of_their/djo3fsa/

I hope you're using component cables with that PS2 btw.
He means roof jacks I think. Never heard them called chicken strips. You'd have to be some headstrong idiot to think they're for chickens.
Looks like a nice one. You should take some pics of it in action.
> I believe the only better 90s Trinitron set is a rare model that has component.

Some of the late 90's XBR sets had component. Any XBR will beat out a regular Trinitron, FD or not.
This works pretty well. I found my Lacie IV and P810 this way.
My i3 could run this at that resolution. It's not gonna be playable though and it certainly wasn't for whoever did this. It's simply for screenshot purposes so it doesn't need to run well.
Since it's a Jacob and Co watch you know it costs more than a new car and is probably the only of its kind.
looks like the source was space engineers
and if it were Stallman it'd be car/stairs storage solution.
Super Mario World is meant to be stretched as the devs didn't accommodate the fact that the image will be scaled to 4:3. Not all games are like this though, some are designed properly.
Adding onto this, it really helps to keep in mind that CRTs don't have pixels. Each "pixel" on the mask doesn't even need to line up with the pixels the game is displaying.
This must be an elaborate attempt at trolling or you've seriously just stepped foot into internet culture.
Not just DBZ, but anything that's in SD. Whether it's old anime or old films it all looks much better on a CRT.
Domesticated cats would be cool too.
It's free food, dude. Also if you don't know how to trap an animal then you really should learn for a just in case scenario.
Not accurate at all. It should be in Windows XP.
!redditgarlic
Nearly a decade ago I watched your videos and learned how to play Dwarf Fortress. Not many games have stuck with me as long as this one and if it weren't for you and your tutorials I doubt I'd be still playing this game! I don't think there's more than a couple of people in the community who can lay claim to the same influence you've had on the community. Keep being awesome man!
Yeah I've been calling America a shithole for years now. This isn't anything new lol
I've rolled an ankle but I'm still laughing at this shit.
Oprah appeals to idiots as well, so I would say they appeal to at least one demographic in common.
they might have and thought it was fine cause a lot of people pronounce missile in a way that sounds like missle.
No I was talking about killing people.
The more shit I hear about America the more I think you guys should go back to solving shit like this in an old fashioned 1700's manner.
It's not a sticker but on whatever monitor I'm using I always stick this little dog made of beads that my niece made for me.

https://i.imgur.com/ftTbKMW.jpg

On my 955DF I do have two stickers but it's buried right now and I'm not digging it up for a picture. There's a Farmery sticker and a NuBurger sticker, those being a local brewery and a local burger joint.
Why? That sounds pointless and pretentious.
it's got nothing to do with lack of analog support in windows and is entirely the fault of the game.
this is usually related to games using borderless fullscreen instead of exlusive fullscreen. if your mouse is the same size ingame as on your desktop and the game isn't using the desktop resolution then this is the case.
This really explains the large amount of German porn on XHamster compared to other sites.
Where's the S in "just"?
Stick her next to Quasimodo and she's the most attractive lady on the planet.
I learned this when I was 15 or so and never got the whole "le usb so hard DX" meme
The community around SoulsBourne is pretty insufferable.
I know man. Just look at that Dell SK-8115, and it's even in the UK International layout by the look of that \ by the half size shift.
and if we go by the show we also eat them.
In Canada I ran into one where a guy offered to sell me some yaoi but it was actually cheap cocaine.
Take my approach and be smug about playing King's Field.
I was refraining on commenting lest my extreme jealousy overtake me!
There was also a bunch of offshoots like NS-10M, a studio version of that one, the NS-10MM, and NS-10MMT which I have. All are basically smaller with variations in specs but mostly aimed at the domestic hifi market and not studios.
Great setup, very cozy looking. Great speakers too, super jealous of them!
Go watch some King of The Hill and watch everything but the characters. You'll realize why it's a shame that show is no longer made.
Laika wasn't the first animal we sent to die in space.
idk why this guy is getting downvoted, it's obviously a metal to plastic hinge which is garbage. a few people must have read this comment on their toshiba laptops.
where's the gore?
No, seeing as my wobbling is related to unclean electrical I get no wobble at 60hz, regardless of resolution. The wobble only happens in regards to refresh rate and since I'm in NA my house is 60hz power, hence why I get wobble in other refresh rates and not in divisible ones like 120hz. At a certain point it becomes such a fast wobble you can't notice it, which is around 130hz. This is my understanding of the situation at least, and it has been a thing through FOUR different monitors and happens in any outlet.

Glad to hear you got your image looking good though. You should make a post with some pics and share the beauty these monitors produce. :)
60hz as anything else gives me wobble in the corners, something relating to my houses electrical. I need a power conditioner...
Yeah, you could even order them with a hood and calibration puck.
It is my camera, yeah. It would be great to have a DSLR to snap some pics of my CRTs but I only have my cellphone to use. The colour on this monitor is actually fantastic in person, it's no wonder graphic designers used these.
Sure, was there anything in specific you wanted to see? I don't mind doing requests if you want to see a certain game or something but you'll have to wait a bit as the Lacie is sitting on my desk right now.
Didn't come with a stand but for such a beautiful monitor I'm easily able to overlook such a minor detail. When I said that P810 was sharp I don't think I knew what sharp meant because holy crap this thing is crisp and colourful! 
I can't imagine why a blue iv 22" would be blurry at 1600x1200. I just got the 19" version today and it's the sharpest image I've ever seen at 1920x1440.
This is the best way, funny enough I just got a lacie iv 19" today from one of my wanted ads. I'll make a post about that one soon.
In regard to that second picture, I've noticed in my research of this monitor that the manual and pretty much all sources will list the P810 as having a horizontal frequency of 95khz, except for Cnet which lists it as 110khz. I was a bit confused about this before I picked mine up and found that this one is most definitely 110khz.

But after a bit more research I found out that there's around six revisions of this monitor and one of them, the P810-4, is the 110khz model. I noticed that in all the pictures I've seen online of this monitor the power button is right against the status led and the menu buttons are shifted more to the right as opposed to being centered like mine.

So in short, if anyone finds a P810 and is thinking about getting it but isn't sure if it's the good model or not just look to see if the power button is shy and off on its own.

But yeah the monitor itself is amazing, really sharp even at higher resolutions like 1920x1440 and 2048x1536. The size is incredible as well, it's like a small TV. Gaming on it is quite a treat, especially when you play a twitch shooter like CSS at 1024x768 120hz. The size really makes spotting targets easier than on my previous 19". Unfortunately though mine has some noticeable burn in of what looks like a Windows 98 desktop, but it's only noticeable on very light backgrounds.
eh, I guess other people didn't appreciate my attempt at humour...
actually that's super mario world /s

great job though, that could pass for a screenshot
Seeing as it's Russia he's probably disappointed the car didn't hit him.
No, the FS12 has bottom speakers and the power button is not a circle on the bottom, it's on the top.
Same here. There's a good reason it's the best selling console ever.
last one should be in chinese
I hope all these accusations lead to a shift in public perception of Hollywood and "stars" in general. These people have been elevated to heights that far exceed what they deserve.
man these oldscape memes are getting okay
not over a carpet but yeah the mobo sits on its box and everything sits around it. usually my test runs look a little tidier than this though.
do you people screw everything into the case without doing a test run like this?
I'd smash.
yeah that was seriously bothering me.
the fanta cracked me the fuck up
That sounds like good old construction corruption.
you might be blind
Look at their time played. Considering their age and how they're all still relatively new to it that's not at all bad.
I've had people try to justify this with "I wont be long and if someone comes I'll move it!"
a miserable little pile of secrets
If I've got something not life threatening and I'm first in line then it's a lucky day for everyone. That means nobody is seriously injured and whatnot.
you're condensing the image into a smaller area with smaller tubes which essentially gives a sharper image. nothing at all wrong with the larger sets though. both a 13" and a 36" are still just displaying 480i/240p after all, only a higher tvl count would counteract this.
the game is paused so the fps jumps to the maximum until you unpause and calculations resume.
actually she's the staff writer for kotaku, which is equally as garbage as polygon tbh.
nah, looks more like a samsung tbh. I've seen a lot of wegas and none have back panels with sides that look like that.
could be an employee who nicked it instead of dumping it and wants to make a buck on the side selling it to someone who knows no better. I never meant the company was selling it.
It was a shitty situation which was poorly handled on both ends but people are seriously upset over the outcome of the trial which is where the outrage comes from. I don't blame them either, but at the same time a lot of people are crossing a line. Shaver should have been ordered to lay face down limbs outs and palms down while one man covered an officer who would cuff him. The game of simon says was very much unnecessary.
black knight halberd is broken af
undead are so much better for this. you put 3v1 in your favour and come out with 3 legendary guys since the undead wont die but can't do shit since they don't exactly wrestle well.
man I used to clear snow with one of those backpack units. super fun to use.
this looks purposeful, like company getting rid of old hardware situation.
I live in the cold north where we get temps down to -40c with wind chill taken into account. My source is experience with cold and taking a moment to think about how to stay warm. If you want a "real" source then take a moment and google "how to layer for very cold weather" and you'll find many sources saying base, insulation, outer shell.
he's right though, even though that's literally what you see in the picture.
I agree, something about her is hot in a creepy way.
I just swap it out with the socket set I keep in the boot. A watch would be so much better though.
I find it's the safest place for a letter, unlike the van... mostly I keep the clock in it though.
I've had mine for over a year and the mouse wheel is pretty much pitted at this point. Doesn't really bother me much and if anything it adds grip, but I wouldn't mind if they offered replacement wheels.
it's cool and all but it's just polygon and those guys are idiots
nah, my cat has one and despite the size advantage he has over our other cat he's most certainly not the dominant one. it's just extra skin and flab to shield their belly from back leg scratches when they tussle. cats tend to grapple each other and try to embowel in a fight.
why does an arcade cabinet emulator need such a beefy rig?
I don't know about you guys but for me the last online timer never works at all. It only goes up to a certain time and it's the same for everyone.
Even in the 90's I don't think anyone had cool cases, [Alienware](http://i.imgur.com/SU2TG.jpg) certainly didn't. You paid for guaranteed hardware compatibility, drivers setup, game installation, etc. You must have been pretty smart if PC building was easy in the 90's cause I don't know anyone who holds that opinion. Windows 98SE was a bitch to work with most of the time.

Also, it's weird how you replied to that right as I checked Reddit for the morning.
Alienware was founded in 1996...
This isn't an LCD, a near null response time is definitely possible.
Back when building a PC wasn't "lego for adults".
Heh, I have a flyer from Alienware that's from 1999.
Yeah right! DLP is a garbage display technology compared to pretty much anything else.
This is from A Millhouse Divided, btw.
3700 upvotes and not a single comment?
480p does not have scanlines.
and he is screwing over all the gaming community because he paid EA for this game.
But you still bought the game so you're still cancer.
As a Canadian I just laugh while that shithole burns itself to the ground.
The only countries that will try to follow the USA's lead will be countries that are just as corrupt and they already want to do this shit anyways.
You're lucky to have one that doesn't eventually get a dying right bumper. That's the only major issue I can think of.
It's already a classic even though tons of people are still using theirs. The PS3 may have had a graphical edge in some cases but the 360 cemented itself as king with impressive library it had. Don't get me wrong, I own both and love them both, but the 360 really had an edge even without free online.
too precise to be sandpeople
If only it was as easy as looking it up on ebay and ordering one, like it is with a pvm. High end vga monitors seem to be stupidly rare. Where did you find yours?
Dot pitch and horizontal refresh rate are the two biggest things to keep in mind. Maximum vertical refresh rate is also good to look at but rarely goes below 160hz on decent ones. I personally wouldn't buy anything from before 2000 unless it's a higher end model of at least 100khz+ horizontal refresh rate. Ideal dot pitch really depends on the resolution I guess, but anything below .27 is good.
Just a PAL version of the SNES. They could have made the whole wall out of them and it'd be no loss.
'til is not correct anyways, till would be the correct way to write it. till predates the word until and is a word of its own.
which is why special effects were so great back in the day. 480i can only give you so much detail so you can easily hide things like this.
What they're really saying is "Don't forget we're still a thing, 2077 is totally gonna come out...in like five years..."
It's got nothing to do with public safety.
Being book smart doesn't make a person intelligent. This guy sounds book smart but dumb as a brick.
No shit, the point being the opposite of what you assumed judging by your post.
>she
If you have an Xbox and you want to play this then you can softmod your Xbox and download the game to your Xbox.
If you have an Xbox and you want to play this then you can softmod your Xbox and download the game to your Xbox.
A very dangerous line between absurd and humorous.
It's because this has been posted to any computer related forum at least 100 times. It's one of the most common reposts ever.
Still more realistic than buying a computer that can render this or buying an airliner.
You can do what they did on any computer I'm sure. It's a matter of how long it takes to simulate.
It doesn't counter what you're saying but it points out that you're an idiot who has no place in the discussion when you think comparing a breakfast mistake to attempted murder is appropriate. Fuck off back to your makeup discussions.
> Yeah, like accidentally putting milk in the bowl before cereal - not beating someone nearly to death and blinding a guy while shouting racial slurs.
Retards.
reddit likes to pretend they made the internet when really it's the drainhole which shit circles around before disappearing. most of the people have broken backs from how hard they pat themselves.
I grew up in a rough neighborhood, attended a shitty high school I dropped out of, I made mistakes I regret now. If you truly believe people can't regret things they did over a decade ago then you're probably a worse person than them.
I doubt I can explain it to you.
Only if you care about having a plastic box and disc, which is idiotic.
Game stores that specialize in older games like NES, SNES, Genesis, N64, ETC, are a fucking scam. I can just download this game to a HDD on my Xbox, the developers wouldn't get my money even if I bought this copy anyways.
Get a load of this guy! He must think BF2 was the latest Battlefield game!
people make mistakes and regret them. I'm sure you have have as well.
As per usual, /r/ATBGE reaches the front page only to prove they are the ones with awful taste.
They also probably make you never want to use these again.
1039 hours in and I still don't have the cheevo. don't hold your breath dude.
OP didn't make this.
I'm sorry to  hear about your friend but thank you for doing this writeup. I knew about most of what you said but some of it was news to me. I'd never heard of it being in Xanax up until now but I've had people outside the drug scene try to imply it was in ridiculous things like cigarettes and marijuana so whenever I hear people say something was laced with it I'm skeptical due to how sensational it has been made out to be.
I can't even tell if this is sarcasm or not when everyone seems to think everything is laced with fentanyl nowadays.
It's evidently the gamers who missed the point since people are still talking about buying and playing the game.
took me a second to realize you weren't taking off
Replace airsoft with anything and yeah, you're right.
Nice find! Is that an FS120? Looks like either the 27 or 32 inch variant.
Buy lifting straps or a furniture dolley. Or, and I really suggest this one, hire professional movers to do this for you.
You can go as low as 640x480 using conventional refresh rates and as low as 240p when you double up the refresh rate. [Here's](https://imgur.com/a/0agWz) an album I made demonstrating it on my monitor. If you're interested in doing this yourself it's as simple as making a custom resolution that's 320x240@120hz, which brings it to a 31khz signal. A more detailed [guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/crtgaming/comments/675u6g/guide_how_to_run_retroarch_in_240p_on_your_vga/) was posted on here, check it out!
> because that is the first time that they determined that CRTs emit ionizing radiation.

the first line of this page already contradicts you and you should look into the "Radiation Control for Health and Safety Act of 1968" because it's been well known for a very long time that CRT emits radiation other than light.
It's more likely we would have seen SED technology take over if it weren't for patent bullshit. CRT was at end of life, LCD or no LCD.
no. parts are replaceable but nothing is upgradeable in the way you're thinking.
that's a pretty bold claim considering how long CRTs were used compared to LCDs. even at 50hz you wont see "Irreversible damage", otherwise most of europe would be nearly blind. got a source to back up these claims?
there would be no scanlines here. that's strictly a 240p thing in all technicality.
now we sit back and rake in the downvotes from vaping morons
it's a vape dude, you can see the liquid chamber and temp control....
the real cringe is the vape.
homemade pepto bismol
It's not, unless we're starting to bend the rules on what HD is and isn't.
I don't live anywhere near the coast and only spent a year of my life near one. Is coastal erosion only a problem because people live very close to the coast?
This daddio is literally too cool for his own good.
That was pretty much my reaction, minus any struggling, when I got my first pair at 15.
I don't think they sold them in England.
I guess I'm an older person despite being only 23. This app is dogshit but it's the only thing I know that people use which serves the purpose it does.
Not as cool as the genesis, that's for sure. About 10hz less awesome to precise.
If you're flying your drone in a soccer stadium you can consider it a write off the moment it takes off. We're talking about thousands of soccer fans densely packed into a stadium. Soccer. Fans.
So uhm...Contra doesn't exist anymore? It's even the same fucking genre people!
Honestly this is just shitting on somebodies amatuer diy project from a decade ago. There's literally no gore except some zip-ties, except that's not gore cause they work and they're useful as hell.
He was probably sick and tired of seeing bottle flips and wanted to show these kids how to do a real fuckin trick with a bottle.
facebook avatar overlay, duh
and they did it without being a snarky asshole, something people seem to love for some reason.
Reentry isn't considered leaving orbit? If anything, calling Laika the first cosmonaut is wrong because the US was sending monkeys into space, but not orbit, long before Laika and even the USSR had sent dogs up before Laika. /r/space isn't exactly known for great titles though...
This is positively gay as fuck. Could do without the pony shit though.
> It also might help with your depression

> I'm not saying that you'll be cured of it by eating vegetables

It really wasn't hard to find links between diet and depression.

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2738337/#CIT42

Did you ever speak to a dietitian in your therapy and counseling? Because they would be the one to talk to you about this, not a therapist or general practitioner.

But let me say it again before you keep insisting there's no link. I am not saying vegetables or a balanced diet will cure you of anything, but it's the first step in leading a healthy lifestyle alongside exercise.
Are you trying to tell me a healthy diet wont do something for depression as opposed to eating a constant supply of fast food and junk food? I'm not saying that you'll be cured of it by eating vegetables, but a proper human diet will certainly contribute to good mental health.
lol this is a mini-itx board
ARPANET was funded by the US Department of Defense and essentially run by the US Military but used by researchers. A lot of things you simply couldn't use it for as it was highly illegal, things like personal profiteering and anything politically motivated. It's obvious they wanted it for military purposes aside from letting universities test it for them.
Superman could easily shoot a laser through her eyes directly into the blood clot and remove it.
It also might help with your depression, because there's a lot of signs of a depressed individual in this starter pack. I wouldn't know about that though, I only check off like three of these...
Why would anyone feel bad for any of these people?
Bjork is a wonderful artist, please leave her out of this!
As with any Wega it's going to likely have worse geometry than a same size black trinitron. Wega's are known to have at least one poor corner that is mostly hidden in overscan but they can also have other common problems like a dip in the top or bottom, pin corner problems at top or bottom, and sometimes a weird wave on one side. I've uploaded an [album](https://imgur.com/a/zg6DI) of all the pics I have of mine, but I no longer have that set.

Nice enough set I guess, but like any CRT they're not without problems and for a lot of these FS120s the problems can be quite annoying.
For me it's the absurdity of his statements but I can see it going both ways.
> This comic seems way too uptight. 

Welcome to 2017!
He's a comedian and he does it because it's funny.
Really? I thought the internet was initially intended for the US military to coordinate thing and for university researchers to share their results faster.
>Only OEM heatsinks come pre-applied.

I guess my heatsink was oem and so was my corsair aio.
At this rate I could just open my PC which is perfectly fine but a little dusty and post it here, it would probably get at least 100 upvotes. The only way this would be worth posting here is if it were like that one european youtuber who hacked an aio cooler on a rx 480 the day it came out without a purpose made bracket like in your pic.
The real gore is that you think this is worth posting. Go buy a new heatsink and look on the bottom, you'll see the same shit but undisturbed.
This sub has really gone to shit.
retardation in gaming is obnoxious. off yourself.
they mean "I'm watching SD content on an HD screen and can't figure out why it doesn't look as good as my nostalgia tells me it should." Go back and watch the original episodes on a good Sony CRT and it looks just as good as the new episodes for the most part.
the spiderman movie
what's the difference between sucking one publishers/developers dick and not the rest? you're still a consumerist idiot one way or the other. at least jerk off the ones who contribute the most like valve and not some literal who studio who made one good game which people liked for the purdy grafix.
actually skyqueen is a dude, just like everyone else on the internet.

le edoot: I forgot reddit is the new tumblr and can't take a joke
You start off compiling linux distros then next you know you're ranting about botnets.
> to my nostrils my ass gas is merely a blast from the past.

you sir, are a god damn poet.
It's not really on the level of a lot of posts here but I was in a bar on St. Paddy's day and struck up a conversation with two older gentlemen, one of them being Irish. We were having a good time shooting shit back and forth such as how the bartender couldn't poor a Guinness if his life depended on it (he seriously couldn't) and after a few drinks the Irish guy reaches over and starts caressing the inside of my leg. I had no idea up until then that this guy was gay and totally looking to bring me home but I didn't end up going home with him cause I'm not into older men. Kind of creeped me out because I'd never actually had a man hit on me like that before, especially in such a physically aggressive manner. He did buy me a bunch of pints though so it was overall a good time except having my dick caressed through my pants by an older man.
He's right though, there's zero connection between this act and being Canadian. For all we knew he just thought the script was garbage and wanted to pass the role onto someone else. But no, let's prop ourselves up and pretend we're superior people!
What exactly makes this a "totally Canadian move"? Do you people never get tired of patting yourselves on the back so much because you were born in a certain country?
I have a feeling that this guy wont live a long life after seeing the full context of the situation.
you obviously are not a football fan then
this hits way too close to home
probably lives in a warm place too and has no idea what extreme cold is.
the fucking title
absolutely fake as fuck. it's well documented that a DS on standby lasts about thirteen years.
Where's the joke here? Am I supposed to think "lol cuck" is funny after seeing it 9001 times?
> I don't quite understand the cultural appropriation comment tho. Be dope if you could expand.

it's seriously just college/university girls being idiotic but since it's a sensational thing a lot of faux news sites like to report on that shit. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/31/living/white-dreadlocks-cultural-appropriation-feat/index.html) even did an article on it. weird to think that the most natural state for human hair could be claimed by a culture.
sounds like a good idea until you go to take a shit with a slightly sweaty ass
I feel like this sort of hydrophobic snake oil comes along at least once a year without fail.
Still got one kicking around. Would not recommend one but at the same time I still can't figure out how this lady managed what she did. She's their target demographic to a fucking t though.
had a white friend who wanted what he called "natural dreads" and when he had them it was most certainly matted clumps of gross hair. kinda suited him though because he was a huge fuckin hippy nature freak. afaik matted dreads are a white person thing which makes the whole "cultural appropriation" thing a huge joke.
What did you think leather is?
that was a different country that sat in the same spot as the one you're in now
this is cool and all but at the end of the day it's just a gimmicky waste of space. carry a flint stick and a lighter, you'll never need this thing.
how are your eardrums feeling? i'd imagine a joke flying over your head at mach 3 might make them hurt a little.
If you're out having some dinner with friends this might not be the best prank but these are instagramists and they literally take pictures of their food for money. It's fucking sad.
xD hahaah dude good respond!
lol, that's not how it works dude.
You can also just pour it in a fucking glass and not put your disgusting mouth on the tap.
Nobody bats an eye when a non-smoker goes out to chill with the smokers...
I actually do remember all the hotkeys but having it expand like you said is annoying as hell.
This is so good it almost hurts to look at.
Fair enough. I'd be lying if I said I've never done the same but only for my own use.
This was before his Youtube account and when I said they were shit I mean we fucking curbstomped them on the regular. It was just a little anecdote meant to trigger his fanbase and I'm glad it did. :)

What would doing research even do anyways? I would see he's a big tuber now and hold my tongue cause he's popular?
I played against that guy in arma 2 a while back. he and his buds were kinda shit tbh but I guess they're entertaining for some
man it's okay to do this to your own but on somebody else's computer?
do you perhaps work for a website called motherboard?
che was a bit of a homophobe
I can name two musicians from bands I like. Thing is, I like their music not them.
/r/PicsOfHorseVaginas/

I wasn't fucking kidding. Be warned, this is about as NSFW as it gets unless your work is equine in nature. In which case it's probably even more NSFW if anyone sees you looking at this...

As for how I found this, well it was on /r/all/rising/ and I couldn't believe this was a real thing.
I only want to see it more now that I know you deleted something. Fuck the homophobes, they can literally go suck a big fat dick and swallow the load that comes out of it. Some homoerotic content isn't the worst thing to happen to Reddit, there's a fuckin subreddit devoted to pics of horse vagina after all.
It might matter if her brother is some dumb ass gangbanger with no regard for going to prison over a grocery store fight.
We should have a pinned thread for PVMs in movies. I think Blade Runner has a bunch in it as well.
Gotcha, I thought you actually meant the whole thing is silent but I see what you mean now. Funny enough I can hear 15khz but my big ass 36" is silent to me. Maybe I'm just not close enough to it to hear the whine.
PC CRTs are certainly not inaudible, or I maybe my hearing is superhuman. I can even hear a change in pitch when I change the resolution and refresh rate.
No wonder they're a dying breed. Having kids must be too risky.
Holy shit, fedora guy was Pugsley in Addams Family Reunion. That is some mind blowing shit.
The amount of humans in the Mushroom Kingdom is hardly enough to have a soccer match.
Killing Floor does a lot of what L4D does while having a slightly gritter tone (and fuckin hardcore soundtrack) but still maintaining a sense of humour. If you haven't tried it I seriously suggest you watch some videos of it in play, that game is bloody wonderful but I hear the sequel is not so great.

Payday is another game like this believe it not. It's not zombies but you have four people and wave after wave of cannon fodder with unique enemies who have their own abilities thrown in. Same dealio as Killing Floor though, sequel ain't so great until recently I hear.
I like how some people downvoted you when you're right. Nintendo may not change their game formula much, cause it really works, but their consoles are constantly evolving and trying new things.
> electronics wipes

lol
Sometimes I'll make a post and downvote it myself to bring it to -1. Usually only when I'm making a troll comment.
I didn't say stop reading it and never pick it up. I said put it down. Oftentimes if I'm forcing myself to finish a chapter I'll just put he book down and come back later, sometimes much later. It's a way of finding renewed interest in the book.
Death by misadventure is the technical term.
Phone plans with the latest Iphone when you're barely making it into the middle class.
While that's pretty fucking gay, there's no such thing as a skip-able chapter. If you find yourself considering the idea then put the book down cause you're obviously not interested.
Data isn't subjective but you're fucking retarded.
and his entire family as well as anyone he ever came into contact with should be killed, unless they're a person of colour of course.
If you're gonna nitpick like that then 90% of memes are worthless due to subtle variation. As long as the general public feels it's a fresh meme it has value .
when in doubt, you gotta just fucking assume it's satire or a joke my man
Did you fucking miss the part where he said guy? Take your tumblr shit elsewhere.
So uh....android port when?
I'm not defending this man's actions, I'm condemning the act of witch hunting online. What you need to do is calm down, which I doubt you will based on your past comments, and let the court system do it's job. You can't just sit there and say nothing will happen when you haven't let things take their course yet. If the court fails to do their job then I do believe Americans have a right to defend their family and property with your so oft repeated right to bear arms, don't you? But that's his job, not yours.
Good lord, it's like these idiots never learn!
his identity being unknown isn't a prerequisite for a witch hunt, it just makes it a lot easier for idiots on the internet to ruin someones life
> The entire left and the insane left are two different things.
> 
> 
> 
> Extremists, not political leanings are the problem.

yep, that's why I made sure to put the insane part in there. what's even more insane is that some people think that the idiotic sjw's out there actually represent the left. I also like to call them the alt-left because it seriously triggers them to be put in the same bracket as the alt-right.
give me the rundown
Either or both. Knowing Reddit though, this guys whole family will be dead but they'll leave him alive and give him a new car or something.
So, I've always wondered, as a ginger am I considered white by the insane left or am I a minority?
> correct me if I'm wrong

Canada, residential schools, and the first nations. Not gonna do a huge writeup but we basically did the same shit the americans did where we stripped them of their culture, names, and, religions. To this day it's had lasting effects on the people that go unrecognized and ignored by the public though so there's not really a debate going on actually.
Thanks for the fine job you're doing of weeding out the gullible idiots on reddit.
right
you got it wrong, ice doesn't have cancer he is cancer
wtf, this guy owes you not a damn thing. he could just say he doesn't feel like putting on a show for his entitled af fanbase.
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=progressive+bully
for a second I thought your post said red light district near the jedi temple
You should read up on all the past witch hunts and how horrifically they've ended.
Not really, but keep thinking we're some fantasy land cause it makes us look good.
yeah and her chin too apparently
To be fair though, you shouldn't be taking selfies while driving. But yeah, people do suck and not just on the internet.
If anyone were to do that it would be Unilad.
I don't remember Russians in Halo:CE...
yes also this. it's amazing how much DF relies on RAM tbh
don't you have a blm rally to go to?
so anything with the latest i5 or i7
technically yes, but the stages never separate. 
nope, you only get the \ next to z and an altgr on european keyboards, in north america we don't have that unless you're like me and bought a gaelic keyboard used cause you didn't check the layout very well before buying it
I had to do something similar once except instead of tape we cut a length of cat5 and used sheet metal screws to secure the cable to the screen and base, just like this guy has with the tape.
I can't even play this game anymore because of the tickrate, it's just too bad to consider playable. It's like playing at 15fps but everything is actually smooth yet the lag is there still. It drives me fucking nuts. 

Oh, and btw back in my day [this](http://www.dayzoverlay.com/img/scopes/mildot-dmr-guide.png) is what we did to rangefind with our scopes.
This isn't Arma, you just point and shoot then watch the bullet land behind them due to the 7 tickrate servers.
This is beyond dumb. I knew they were wonky to begin with but holy shit this is bad.
Only having to tighten your job over a multi million dollar error doesn't sound bad.
\>/b/

\>/pol/

It's like going to a movie theater so you can suck the fucking popcorn dust out of the carpets.
and this is why everything bad or retarded is called reddit on 4chan and other chan sites.
reported :)
Hold my meme, I'm going in!
Who cares? These dudes play a game where this shit happens and they know it. If they're gonna get paid as much as they do they'd better take some entertaining fucking hits.
I would drink from her skull!
Get yourself checked for high functioning autism, that was obviously a joke.
Vaporize? Dude, it was Iraq not Tatooine.
That's a glass disk coated in metal, just shatter it you dopehead.
It's a quote from the movie "The Princess Bride", go watch it right now.
nice
If you're holding personal data of possibly billions of people then what he described is the only sane and responsible route to take. In the described situation though nobody is getting your privacy. I can't pay Google to have them tell me your favourite music, but I can pay them to target you through their in house ad service IF they deem me as being interested in what I want to promote. I don't get your information, Google got my product information and uses their gathered information to target you for the ad.

As per your example you've obviously misunderstood how this works. You already signed your privacy away to Google but in that agreement you agreed that only Google gets to fuck your privacy. If you want to avoid this then start falsifying your information online, disable scripts in your browser, use alternative search engines such as duck duck go, install a secure operating system such as Qubes OS, etc...
Sorry, what? You came in asking me off topic shit when I wanted to know how Google is irresponsible with people's data and privacy. I'm not upset and I have no idea why you think I am.
I'll let you work that one out on your own. I still haven't had my original question answered.
So because users fuck around with their own privacy by giving all their information to Google hand over fist Google is fucking around with the user's privacy?
How exactly does any of that imply that Google isn't responsible with peoples privacy?
It's indian food and you hate that shit cause it destroys your bowels.
To be fair I was using it both ways.
okay so it's like the restaurant only serves blooming onion in a four course meal and that's all you want so you pay for the four course meal cause they didn't offer blooming onion alone and you might be able to get it on its own in another year or maybe never but you want it now.
can you make that a food analogy for me? I have no idea what van buren is aside from being the codename for a potential fallout 3
someone who wants to watch that band? if you put opeth in a show with literally any assortment of idiots given instruments I'd be there just cause you said opeth is there. it's not like I can pay to just see that one band any time I want.
> I hate those losers, don't even know what a good deed is. They aren't even aware how pathetic they are a for tiny bit of cash.

some people just really don't give a shit my dude. good deeds make some people feel funny inside but cash is a real thing that can get you a lot more.
yeah it's weird how some people have different taste, like me personally I'd have left as soon as metallica started playing. fuck that overrated shit.
I like how your word of choice for that was soju. You sound like my kind of guy.
It normally only takes one...
nice
I was half expecting some asian dudes tiny hand
you do sound pretty autistic when you put it like that tbh
Something is very off about the font used for the time and battery percent.
I'm confused too, that didn't look like a street to me.
Even for a curved screen shadow mask you're 20lbs shy of average weight for a 32". I would be skeptical about 90lbs but 80lbs sounds unreal.
That's cool but you should install Gentoo.
Not happening without a spark. You can find many recorded attempts of people trying to ignite gasoline fumes with a cigarette, even some doing exactly what you say. Stats say it should ignite but it doesn't.
100hz gets hate for the same reason HDCRT does, it takes the analog signal and converts it into a digital signal then back into an analog signal before displaying it. This introduces a lot of lag. They also don't do 240p/480i natively. If you play 480p games they're great though.
Not saying you're wrong at all, just saying that a cigarette wont ignite gasoline under real world conditions.
Not gonna lie, I fell for that too.
The trick is also to have something hot enough to ignite the fumes. Something that is not a cigarette ember.
Ah shit, I totally forgot about that. Thanks for reminding me lol
It's very likely that the whole kerman thing is a reference to him.
cool
They probably make up more than 15% of South Korea's government too.
Maybe he liked real country, like the old school shit, not this beer for my horse crap.
That requires butchering some poor super-fx cart, so let's hope not and people can play it on a flashcart or something.
I do, but that's what the guy was referencing and thus that was his source. I'm not saying clenching your asshole gives you colon cancer or something, I'm just saying the guy literally fucking said "I read in this book once..."
Did you read the first sentence?
you butcher the ones with undesirable traits because they are unfit for breeding or war.
pfft, you're joking, right? dwarves bring their babies into battle!
Really makes you wonder what ancient people thought when their power grid was knocked out by a solar flare.
I'd love to see your source on this.
[Obligatory](https://i.imgur.com/BI24AS1.gif)
Lead in the glass to stop harmful radiation leaking out into your face.
This guy cats.
That's even worse. Like he needs it!
one day people will be buying these off ebay because their ps3 doesn't look authentic when beamed directly into their brain
I've got one of these but no light. It's the last pencil sharpener I'll own.
Cut the wire and attach a coaxial port is what I'm saying, or open the case up and cut the leads going to the 2.5mm port and jury rig a coaxial into its spot.
Quit driving high you dope heads! This is coming from someone who likes to burn trees once and a while. This shit is not okay!

Edit: If this person was drinking you'd be frothing at the mouth, this shit is no different in practice. Grow the fuck up you idiots!
quit browsing facebook if you don't want to see literal human garbage try to communicate with the rest of the world
Is it a 2.5mm jack with two poles? Also, IIRC VHF/UHF has one signal and ground, so if you cut this wire and attach a coaxial port on it then it will probably work fine.
If you're gonna quote ebay prices here's my advice, put it on ebay! I'd give you your $35 back for it though.
It's VHS/UHF as it says. They can use any connector they want but that doesn't change what it is.
Do I need to go through nearly three decades of experiences in Canada or should I just leave it at one anecdote? I guess people should never talk about their experiences with a place unless they did a full profile and background check of every person there.
Not up here. Call them that and you get some very confused looks and someone will ask if you meant timbits.
When did I compare it to any other country? I said the people are generally good. Go take your casual racism somewhere else.
Thanks dude, I work out and I'm glad to see it's starting to pay off!
Well I've spent my entire life in this country, that's one simple anecdotal story. I think I can judge my own country, thank you!
Had my wallet fall out on the bus as I was leaving one time, a guy grabbed me by the shoulder and I was ready to knock somebody out cause he did it quite suddenly but he was just giving me my wallet back before I got off. Canada has issues but the people generally are good people.
That looks pretty good, I'm sure most of us can live with the sun being the same since modding it is apparently impossible or a huge pita.

Also, I'd just like to say that you're doing a great job at communicating with your users as well as taking in feedback!
All light completely gone. Total darkness except for what you make. DX11 or the skybox changes broke it from what I remember. That's not what I would want though, just something really dark like you're incredibly far away from any star.
I enjoyed smoking while I did, which was for five or six years. Cost is what made me quit, not my health.
So take five year breaks is what you're saying. Got it.
When you're comparing two things that are bad for your health neither is "better" for you.
I myself would be very interested in a darker version of the mod. My favourite mod in the past was this one that completely removed all light from the game except from lights you built and the suit flashlight. It was hard to play but extremely atmospheric and satisfying. Having something that does a similar thing would be nice and you seem to be capable of doing a good job at something like that. I'm not really in the know on modding SE but from what I've read modding the sun is something that's either tricky or just not possible right now, but I do remember having a skybox that placed the sun quite far away, compared to normal at least.
Thank you for posting this, I've wanted something that does exactly this but haven't found anything until just now. Is there any chance you'll be making other versions, such as a significantly darker one?
In my area they don't even have their own employees to do this shit, they contract it out.
Shirtless Link isn't even the best part. It gets far better than that!
Am I the only one who doesn't give a rats ass if they bring back the old actors? I just want a good fucking Terminator film that is like the first one and none of the others. No jokes, no lighthearted crap, lose the convolution, just a straight thriller movie about murderous cyborgs, please!
But think, you could use the 1080 as a dedicated PhysX card!
The word dude dates back way earlier than just the 30's. The meaning has hardly changed, too.
Watch football? Yeah fucking right, I'll wait till it's on Youtube a few minutes after it airs live.
Rocket League already has cross play and it's terrible. Fucking playstation players need to learn how to play and keep up with the pc players.
At first I wondered why you'd think gays would be interested in your snake just cause it's got a shiny rainbow stuck in its scales then I re-read the title and felt a little silly.
bad bot!
Tipping is nice but leaving a note like this says to me that the person tipped for their own sake.
RPTV are rarely if ever worth it. It's more hassle than it's worth.
It's not short. It's literally a 4chan meme started specifically to trigger people of average height.
That is correct but I'm gonna leave it the way it is anyways.
This is actually fucking funny though. Ya'll got no chill.
Everyone is bitching about gender reveal parties and I'm just here wondering how the fuck they think they're going to clean all that confetti and glitter up or IF they will even attempt it.
But an RX 460 does not have a DAC, so what displayport can or can't do doesn't matter.
You could do it if you don't mind playing in black and white.
Leave it as is, it's only cosmetic.
lol
PC monitors seem to be a lot harder to find. I put up a wanted ad and got a few leads, I suggest you do the same.
Not a video but the nexus page for dark souls item randomizer tells you how to install it. If you want I can make a video where those instructions play out onscreen and there's about 5 minutes of filler before it gets to the point. Oh, and some shitty rock music will play in the background too.
I too like shards of shell in my nut dust.
Regardless if it works or not you need to contact Ebay right away, along with the seller, assuming you get this off Ebay.
Cats are walking genocide. That bird is fucking lucky the cat decided he wasn't that hungry.
I've always wondered, do a lot of blind people watch the daredevil show?
> Could the issue be with the orientation I had in spectator mode?

Maybe that's it. It's not terribly off or anything but if you zoom in on the engineer you'll see what I mean. Just looks a little off to me.
oh look it's this thread again
Looks a lot better without that tacky fucking logo.
The olympics are a fucking joke and Brazil even more so.
cool pic but you should center the focus of the picture next time as the FOV you're using makes things at the edge look a little skewed, or just use a 70 FOV
wtf, I could have swore we already had this but I guess not
that's dumb, there isn't even 100 languages irl
hahaha wtf do you think thicc even means? quit being a fucking white knight over some chick you'll never meet, on a glorified porn sub no less.
she's a little fat but not fat enough that you'd call her a fatty
wow, that guy got blown the fuck out
wouldn't they already need to know that?
Careful you don't cut yourself on that, the pixels are gonna be razor sharp over component!
Really nice setup, but you need something better than those wimpy little speakers!
I'm gonna say no based on that TV alone. Also, disc brakes on a bike in '99? Must be one rich mofo.
Nice work! Activate Windows!
As others have said you've probably got a cap replacement job on your hands but I just wanted to say that you should look into your vertical linearity cause it seems the top is a bit bigger than the bottom.
That's people in general, regardless of where you are and what country.
That's a really desirable set you got. Component on a 13" consumer set is pretty rare!
tbh I don't think I'll be dating any girls ;)
Blurring near the edges is normal, this is what the sharpness setting is for. It was previously known as velocity modulation and I would advise you keep it on low at most. Sadly the WEGA sets all seem to suffer from flatscreen geometry issues which is no surprise. My KV-27FS120 had some kind of wonky geometry as you can see [here](http://imgur.com/a/gkb6w).

I'm not sure what you mean by the lines thing or tail, but it could be the picture tube picking up background radiation and stuff since it has no incoming electrons.
tbh that thing looks awesome. fuck mosquitoes!
> why can I not remember the name?

Alternative medicine or homeopathic medicine is what you're thinking of.
Kind of like how there's fact and fiction.
Horse people really weird me out.
You'd be better off posting this on the official forums.
Narancia was my waifu from the beginning so his death really got me too. Araki didn't have to do it but he did. :(
There's nothing wrong with the concept itself and if OP just linked [this](http://3d-bear.tumblr.com/post/164031451385/nintendo-consoles-through-the-generations-had-the) it would be fine. The problem is how OP made this post and all the random misinformation in the comments. A more appropriate title would have been "models of the Nintendo consoles as if they were rendered on themselves."
looks like bad caps, no comment on the menu problem though
I don't think he's saying iced coffee is the problem. It's portion sizes in America and this leading to people having a skewed perspective on what a normal size is. If you tell people this is a small iced coffee they'll think it's okay to drink one of these a day because "it's just a small iced coffee once a day!." This carries over into more than just coffee.
Let's not pretend Canada doesn't have its share of fatasses.
No.
They're not, and that's the tip of the shit iceberg that is this post. It's so wrong on so many levels and now tons of people will repost this as fact.
bad bot
Whether or not traps are gay.
I remember when I was younger I came up with this idea that eventually black holes sucked everything up and each other until everything was condensed into one black hole which collapsed upon itself and this just keeps happening with big bangs here and there.
that looks more like an interlaced image than 240p
it's probably just getting old, you're going to need to adjust the g2 voltage it sounds like. to do this you'll likely need inside the thing as it's generally a pot on the flyback iirc
It's going to work for old stuff like Windows 98 and before then but will be practically useless for anything other than emulating on a modern system. Plug it in and take pictures. If it doesn't work then it doesn't work.
Why send kerbals up for refueling runs? Surely a drone fitted craft could be a little lighter.
bad bot
bad bot
does it work?
You should show her Demon's Souls. She'd probably like the design of the maiden.
Problems? What problems?
Why? Where I live it can get down to -40c with windchill and as high as 35c in the summer.
I've clocked about 1.5k hours and have had it since about the fourth patch. I say wait for release.
we could just aerobrake
the majority of people, japanese or not, have shit taste in anime it seems!
That's what this is OP. Do some tests in the lobby and you'll what he means by going in and out of first person while aiming at the cover in front of you.
idk about most of that but one of them is a greater soul gem and I'd love to have one
that's probably anti static carpet and even if it weren't it wouldn't matter
You mean like [this](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=315432320&searchtext=mechanical)?
I'd say they got it right as their line is right where the fence ends and I've never done a job where someone paid to do their neighbours fence.
Well she's in for a disappointment after crusaders ends
I think it's funny. Fuck those animals, raccoons are disgusting and evil creatures.
You know you can use the word "they" and it wont make you sound like a visitor from tumblr.
The real gore here is using piriform software...
I'm curious, what is a PMS?
It's a neat little set due to the control knobs on the front but it only does composite and VHF so you wont get the most amazing picture out of it. Like I said, standard consumer set but this one is old.
Not as good as the OG Xbox unfortunately, but it handles 480i and 480p fine. Anything above and it tends to lag out, at least with WiiMC.
Looks like a standard consumer set. If you haven't got one then it's a free trinitron, right? BTW a model no. would be nice to know.
At this point the only thing I could think of would be localized phenomena.
I think you should try it at another location, like not in your house at all. If you've got a detached garage or could try at a friends house do that. To be clear this happens on all games you've tried?
So it happens on multiple displays, cables, consoles, and it happens when using a UPS? Unless I'm forgetting something you've changed every variable except location.
It's worth noting that Diamondtron tubes literally are aperture grilles, so not only do they come close to a Trinitron they pretty much are one.
Those BNC connectors are misleading. It's still just VGA but using BNC connectors. My 915FT+ has the same connections but you can't use them for consoles as it's still 15khz signal on a 31khz tube. I don't know much about the Retron 5 but I know it uses HDMI so it's going to be a hassle to get working. You'd be better off just emulating stuff at 240p on the monitor.
That's a good one. The geometry on it looks pretty good too!
A 27" isn't that bad. It's only 100lbs. I just got the same model but 36" and that's something you bring a friend or maybe two for.
Mine feels just like all the other buttons. Dunno if there's multiple revisions but mine is from launch.
I'm surprised learning about space isn't too hard for Motherboard's staff.
[This](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C7J0WeAXQAAvbcp.jpg) image is what got me to watch JoJo cause I wanted context.
Don't look at me. I'm doing my best to keep this industry alive.
I have the 27FS120. It's an alright TV but mine has some really bad geometry  and corner convergence isn't great either. I hardly notice while gaming however.
Something tells me they didn't just take them outside to take those pictures...
Refer your father to [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radiation_Control_for_Health_and_Safety_Act_of_1968) article. A PVM especially would be putting incredibly negligible amounts of harmful radiation as they're entirely encased in metal. If your father smokes then you might do well to remind him of the radioactivity of cigarettes.
It's generally called light.
That's what happens in SE when you do large scale explosions. Try it yourself, the game just can't handle it.
wat
> im hoping rubber gloves will save me from any shock

and OP was never heard from again
I do believe I said otherwise. But if you wanted the best CPU for emulating PS3 I'd go for a CELL CPU.
> hope to see some of your ships on the workshop!

Don't hold your breath!
I never really implied they hold thrusters explicitly but I feel as though putting any functional components that aren't redundant in a nacelle is just asking to lose it. Decoy nacelles are a very good idea though.

When I said thruster cluster I was referring to the spots on the ship that are grids of thrusters.
Thruster clusters are a liability, you should try to avoid nacelles as well. It looks like you've got a nice concept going otherwise, just get to adding greebles.
It's mostly down to IPC and the 4790k was a flagship of two generations back. It would be an ideal CPU for emulating. Basically as long as it's not a pre-Ryzen AMD CPU or a pre-iX Intel CPU you're good.
Undead are simply amazing for target practice. They're like the new danger rooms but only for marksdwarves.
is it running 240p or 480i?
bad bot
haha chrome XD
It is?
No, I use it to make sure dwarves are dying of old age and not something more FUN when it happens. You just need to retire your fort for things to show up.
I think the invasion cap is at like 120 soldiers and 40 monsters by default.
Yeah, hook it up to your microwave.
you gotta be real dimm to do something like this
I love grocery shopping and cooking, it means I get to have the food I really like the way I like it.
You know what needs to be done OP.
I use a program that lets me know exactly what files get deleted and it has loads of options. It's called me.
RETRO COLLECTORS ITEM RETRO GAMING
good for you!
if you're patient it works, but it's incredibly slow so you're better off buying a cheap IDE converter from ebay, like those toaster docks.
You mean like hdl dump?
Had a fan that wont spin up without a kick start come with a case, and it was a fucking 200mm fan too. "I've never seen..." is a dumb way to operate, dude.
So what you're saying is that the 10 year old thermal compound was doing a hell of a job.
Everyone else hates it so I hate it too.
Crazier things have happened than a 20L5 for 1k...
Batman TV always gets my upvote.
Nobody has asked so let me be the one. Did you get the remote with it?
Yes, but it's part of the appeal of his channel. You'd be blind to say he isn't.
Recently? Ahem, when has Intel not been doing shady shit?
That and they're huge compared to LGA. It's a lot harder to even bend a CPU pin in the first place.
why even buy the air 240 if you plan on doing that? the main appeal for me was that it looks good like this.
Virtual machines.
It's also a good idea to run a CPU benchmark beforehand to heat up the thermal paste, something like Prime95. If it's still not 
coming off easily you should soak floss in isopropyl alcohol and pull that between the heatsink and CPU.
That is a lot of dogs.
You ever try to fix a bent pin on a CPU? It's easy as hell and can be done with something you have in arms reach of you right now I bet.
It doesn't and I'd be surprised if OP gets a replacement. This falls under user fault even when it's not because it's so rare.
should have gotten them a ps2 with sims 2
We're talking about Tarantino here, not Kubrick.
Not the Hammerheads though, and for good reason. Even Razer knows that was a shitty product.
Sadly? For a period correct build of that era this sort of RAM would be highly desirable, just like any OCZ RAM is.
This is OCZ RAM.
I ended up just taking the drive out and hooking it up to one of my older PCs. It's just kind of tedious when you don't have an IDE to USB adapter or a dock.
Vaping is harmless dude, it's a lot healthier than smoking. /s
The partition issue seems to be the case. Oh well, guess I'll just stick with the way I've been doing things. Thanks for you input.
I don't use uLaunch, but basically what I'd like to be able to do is install games onto the HDD from USB just as winhiip would. I've got HDLoader but I'd rather not use it to preserve my laser.

The more and more I look it seems this can't be done, which is a damn shame.
Speak for yourself.
hell yes, I do it all the time. it was a lot easier before, in fact I barely used heat shields in days of old.
That's not really /g/. /g/ would told him to install gentoo on it.
git gud and the game becomes trivial
Wow, one dude is tall and the other is not as tall as him. This is interesting to me.
Reddit loves very low level humour. No idea why.
Just Oklahoma?
it's not entirely out of the realm of possibility. you can get external GPU docks for laptops. dunno why you'd take it out of the dock if you carry it around though.
King's Field. Favourite would be Dark Souls I guess.
Gigabyte? More like Gigashite!
looks like a cd case
Yep, always assume every other driver is out to kill you and themselves. 
Yeah, the motorcycle hit her, but she stopped in the lane of a highway which is an extremely dumb thing to do. It wasn't for a good reason either, it was because she wanted to bring these ducks home. It's not like she pulled off onto the shoulder, she stopped in a lane.
Two people died as a result of her negligent actions. She should not have gotten off so light.
Even in Canada you have to pay for an ambulance.
Hopefully we get hear him talk about this at Awesome Fish Done Quick this year.
Disney just didn't want people thinking all the dudes working there eat their boogers.
Look up a PSU calculator
I saw one, once. It freaked me out cause I had no idea what it was and I didn't even attempt to attack it or anything.
The only good answer.
One of my highschool teachers told me that the devil horns thing metal heads do was an old hex used to curse people. Naturally this made me, a metalhead, quite excited over how badass this was.
What a nicely done screenshot.
Yeah, just the roof. Just the roof is incredible.
So she had her daughters go through the barbaric practice of female circumcision? That's what I'm getting from this. Also, the sandwiches represent the vaginas, not the other way around.
You're supposed to hiss while doing it. God damnit op!
Good on him then. Just make sure to keep him out of that life crap.
Geez, sent him straight into the deepest darkest end of the deep end, eh? ARMA isn't my go to for newbies.
Anything prior to 1968?
So would the rest of us over at /r/crtgaming.
It's still around. Arkham Asylum or w/e it was called used it and so do some other games. It's just not really worth adding to a game since only Nvidia cards support it. You can even have two Nvidia GPUs and have one run as a dedicated PhysX card.
Still better than the dumb spiritual successor to that series.

Edit: AC fans salty
It's what was on the supposedly not working HDD that the idiot wiped. Those HDDs are formatted in a file system not capable of being read by Windows, believe it or not. So when he plugged it in to see what was on it Windows just told him that it couldn't be read because it couldn't.

We have no idea what was on that HDD and now we never will. It could have been very helpful to the future of Xbox emulation. If you want an example of a better outcome to a scenario like this then look at the Xbox dev kit that has an unfinished and cancelled South Park game.
My Microsoft Sidewinder controller still works with the appropriate gameport to USB adapter. How fucking hard can it be?
What are you, a newfag? Exploitables are as old as they get.
hahaha, get a load of this guy
Looks like a smokers computer. Smoking near your computer means tar will build up on the components and since tar is sticky dust builds up much quicker than normal.

I smoked for five years before quitting and only once in that entire time did I smoke where my computer was and it felt very wrong.
It's Heineken, no beer was wasted.
Molex adapaters? Those cost a lot. I just snip the molex connector off and solder the wires directly to the HDD power leads.
Naw, let's just keep using the PSU that burnt out the HDD.
Not enough I would imagine.
Cool detail, but that website is a steaming load of garbage.
Like a lot of things in KSP it just seems super difficult until it one day clicks in your head and you get it. I can dock like a champ but I can't for the life of me figure out transfer windows or most things related to interplanetary transfers.
Are AdventureQuest memes a thing yet? I feel like AQ has far more potential than Wizard101.
How are those little durabrands? I've seen like four on my local classifieds for free.
or snipping tool, a function built into windows...
sir is in the same situation
If your set isn't a no-intro set then I suggest you [look into it](http://www.no-intro.org/). It's pretty handy to have.
There was a lot of unofficial releases then, cause my no-intro set is 1,961 files total. That's just the .zip files too. If you go inside each one the total increase to 3,497. But that includes the bios files and other various things like regional releases for each game.
haha, correct on a technicality. this is the best way to be right about something.
glad i'm not the only one triggered af by the title
or, y'know, any game other than the 21 the snes classic has. (not including star fox 2 right now ofc, but we'll get a rom dump)
ps3 looked at the "no gaems" meme and said hold my beer. buying it just for demons souls would be the gateway drug to an amazing library
looks like your ps3 doesn't have the japanese character set.
this looks like something that somebody who uses those words would write.
I feel like you should propose before hand if you're going to do a public proposal.
It also happens in North America, or did about twenty years ago when I was in school.
for teh lulz
lol I'll trade you my air-240 for it
oh shit, you're right.
^^^^^and ^^^^^i ^^^^^liked ^^^^^it

> How does that stuff happen? I'm obsessed with these bureaucratic superstitions. 

in this case it's because projectors are god damn expensive.

Because it's not my opinion. REEEEEE
I downvoted for you OP, it's the least I could do!
I worked at a beer vendor once. 10 a day is fuck all compared to what some of my regulars could do, and I know for a fact it was just them drinking them. Some guys came in and bought 30 packs a day, and they'd come in early in the morning each day.
whoooosh
This is why I never call an ambulance when I see an accident.
I'm here from the front page. What is this funhaus shit? Is it just another roostertooth thing where some idiot plays games and says unfunny shit?
Air India Flight 182 would be a decent reason but somehow Canada manages to avoid being xenophobic when that stuff happens.
whatever you do, get off am3.
the competitor to the NES. just as shit as the NES but nobody ever played it or talks about it. also called the mkiii or something
I hope the driver of that car is okay.
this is an emulator
An NES, SNES, and Genesis. Believe it or not but some people wont tolerate emulation. I'm not one of them but it's fairly common.

and wtf is wrong with the Master System?!
Yet people already do this and aren't getting sued.
The only good thing to come out of this will be the ROM dump of Star Fox 2. And then we find out it's the same one available online!
that should be fixed by the deguassing coil when you restart the tv
not really
Air bags aren't that old, are they?
once, maybe twice?
blast from the past! I had this dvd back in the day when a crt was nothing to do a second take on. I think it was from "the black parade is dead."
Resolution has nothing to do with it. If you export a JPG image you can choose the quality it gets exported at, go and try it. Now export two JPGs from a high quality image and do one at 70 then one at 40. You will see what's called compression artifacts, such as in this image around the text in the green bubbles.

[Here's a demonstration for you.](http://imgur.com/gallery/upN3X)
Karma now, and then more karma when he does die. Why wait when you can have double the karma!
I almost feel offended that they say "home of the sharpie in pooper craze" when it actually started on 4chan.
JPG quality shouldn't go below 70 ffs
Dead graphics card and a motherboard with bent pins makes for a fun troll image. Some of you are questioning how someone could be stupid enough to do this, I'm questioning how anyone is stupid enough to think this isn't a joke.
it works even better now cause people get quite triggered by it.
gay thrones is a bad show and a worse book
Some of the larger ones have been known to attack dwarves.
Like I said, top right two pins. Check all your motherboards, if it isn't there then that manufacturer fucked up and needs to quit that shit.
In my experience it's always power led then power switch on top row, then hdd led then reset switch on bottom row. I've tripped a lot of headers with a flathead screwdriver and it always works for me. This is the same on my current motherboard all the way back to my socket A motherboard. I only ever need to know where the power switch is anyways, all that other stuff is just extras.
America is so fucked.
I do this, but I wear fucking earbuds. The speaker is on the bottom and I don't want that phone against my face.
Most of the shit you see SJWs spew about this subject is retarded nonsense but the kernel of it all makes sense. Basically your sex and gender are not the same and your "mental gender" is going to sit somewhere on a spectrum and it is fluid in most cases. This is very much like sexuality where it's not black and white, it's not just hetero, homo, and bi. Your sexuality is somewhere on a spectrum between hetero and homo. You can be born a male but your personality might not be explicitly masculine even though you are a male.

This is fine, but what's not fine in my opinion is when people feel the need to cement their mental gender to their physical sex. If you're born a male and you have a feminine personality that's fine and dandy, I wont think less of you, but that doesn't mean your dick needs to be lopped off and a gash needs to be cut in between your legs. That's not to say gender dysphoria isn't a real thing, but it's not nearly as common as people make it out to be.
Ya'll need to step up your game and memorize the order they go in.
Funny how you two are getting downvoted. Fuck the assholes who think raccoons are cute and shouldn't be culled.
This sub has a lot of PCMR in it these days and anything out of the norm is gore to them. The only gore here is that price. Fucking resale value on Apple products.
Seems like a shitty deal even if you can easily afford it.
That thing would make quite the crunch. It would also be gross to cleanup.
I feel for the man. When people send me shit like that I feel pressured to say some nice shit that isn't short when I really want to just keep it short and say something like "nice" or "awesome." YOU ARE ONE LONG OK. 
Is nobody going to comment on the fact that OP may be a phoneposter if this is OC?
I had some women cat call me as I was cycling without a shirt. It wasn't so great cause they were two land whales taking up a bench big enough for four people.
Redditors are the normies of the internet, so this is all very funny to see.
Is that the charging cable? If so, why is it so wimpy and thin?
$12 million apparently doesn't get you a very good quality ceiling, does it?
Warp fin activated.
It always warms my heart to see a front page post with a typo in the title.
I hate to say it, but OP is a reposter. I bet OP doesn't even have a dog.
Doesn't marijuana actually hinder deep sleep and leave you feeling less rested?
If charging the weed-wacker takes too long then buying it cost too much. 
Camaros are ugly fucking cars to begin with but I think this one looks cool with the big ass wheels. It's not practical but it would look awesome sitting in a garage.
You could play ARMA 3, but you'll get even worse performance issues.
Why the fuck are you sitting there watching some dude nervously fidget in place? Open a different tab and just listen.
It's nice and cool and it blocks out the sun with cloud. If it's warm, sunny, and, raining fuck that shit.
It could also be called vintage depending on the circle. But it's certainly not retro in the slightest. I feel like retro is one of those words that is going to lose its meaning and become something else due to misuse.
Poe's law, man.
That's not true, but I just want you to know that you're a retard.
Is it racist when I say the same about western idols like the kardshians or is that okay?
yet somehow winnipeg still has homeless people.
399 is higher than 299
It's still a Gigabyte, so don't expect quality.
If you haven't gotten it yet you should see if you can get that keyboard too, they're both very nice pieces.
I agree, free Mod Sagain! He did nothing!
Hahaha, wow that thing is normally translucent green, that is so rad!
I really hope he gets a criminal record. That other guy didn't hit him at all and now he's got a concussion at the least and quite possibly brain damage.

You're fucking delusional if you think this is okay.
That's pretty neat looking. What does it say on the back?
acronyms definitely are more fun than keeping track of all the operating systems that were around in the 80s to 90s
They do, look into it and you'll realize that DOS stands for disc operating system and that what you think of as DOS is actually Microsoft DOS, or MS-DOS.

The load command is used in DOS 3.3 to load something from the disc into memory.
It's not like AC is a new series. If you buy that edition then you've probably played each AC game in and out and have past collectors editions, so it's really no different than the autistic amount of money people spend on lightsabers and other nerd memorabilia.
I had a temporary teacher in the fifth grade who would talk about her migraines and depression very often. She was also very short tempered and would yell at her classes a lot because she simply could not handle children. I honestly can't remember anything important I learned that year, she was a horrible teacher and shouldn't have been in that line of work to begin with.
Free grenade if you're observant enough.
Modern society.
This is kind of sad. Like, for both of you.
Really? I read on Reddit that you punch them in the face repeatedly.
Walking around isn't hard either, but both are time consuming.
I can imagine a vegan would actually be crazy enough to search a large property for fawn before mowing.
what?
I like this, this is good.
Right click, show controls, pause. It's still recorded on a fucking first gen Ipod touch or something, so it's extremely low resolution.
Sure would be nice to have this gif without the obnoxious shit at the top. Like I can't figure out what's happening.
Yeah that was a basic example but it's as far as my knowledge of modern slang goes tbh.
Yeah it's easy as all hell to figure what they mean when they say silly stuff like "fam that thot was lit af" but I just can't be bothered. If anything it's easy to find out what it means but it all changes much quicker than when we were kids.
Holy shit, that is harsh. I hope he wasn't serious, mostly for your sake.
23 as well and have no idea what most of the shit people are using now means. I guess I'm just lame or something, but I find a lot of the slang now to be kind of irritating.
I wanted to come back to Eve but this isn't the game I loved and not the company that made it. Somewhere along the way since I left shit got bad.
I'm not even sure my city has anywhere with five lanes.
No.
All that manspreading...smh
I'm just imagining you standing up abruptly and telling her to stop "No no, all wrong! He does not sound like that!"
Ha, I threw a hunk of meat down a vent once when I was leaving a house. Yes, I'm an asshole I know.
Canadian here. Anything below 4% isn't milk, it's just water with a dash of milk flavouring. Besides, you should be happy OP as there's more delicious milk for you!
Poor Dutch only got to eat the shell and not the actual egg.
I was hoping it would be that exact video when I clicked the link and I was not let down. Techmoan is an excellent channel and the chap who runs it is awesome.
I'm the master of headroom, check my flair. :)
Not any strenous load, there's a line. Like I've got a retro PC that has an Athlon 4200+ and a GTX 280 which will run damn near anything you throw at it. But if I load Crisis then I can get about two seconds into the game and the computer will shut down because the PSU is a 500W and it needs more than that under full CPU and GPU load.

I suggest you put your specs into [this](https://outervision.com/power-supply-calculator) and see what your power draw is. Bear in mind that a PSU can degrade over time and lose some output, so a 550 might not be putting out 550 after some years.
How does Stardew Valley run on that?
Are you sure that's not power draw related?
Do this and disregard CCleaner. Never trust a program to delete files for you, that's your own job.
ARMA used to do it, not anymore. Now I barely react when I get fired upon but Eve will always give me the combat shakes.
Reddit

spacing

is

kind of

annoying.
Probably for the best.
Last Sony console I bought was a PS3 when the slim came out. I mean from an outside perspective I've heard nothing about it.

Edit: I guess it's true about sonyponies being a salty breed.
and yet I've heard nothing about it other than the buzz around launch.
People keep saying this, but I have a 6100 and I think that it's bad advice to give unless the person knows they don't need a decent CPU.
Now I'd like to see Mr. Torvalds' opinion on this. That would probably be entertaining.
Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying.
I guess you could say this joke has an oral history with you.
I think somebody delidded my AMD Duron.
He's probably getting downvoted because he's the type to swear off a product after one bad experience and it doesn't sound like he even tried to RMA it or even troubleshoot beyond taking the AIO out.

Shit happens. You can go buy a new top of the line Sony 8k VR Surround vision television and the speakers might not work. Everything ever made has defects and faulty units.

My Corsair water cooler worked perfectly for the year I had it and it's still running strong in my sister's PC. So I think that this guy either got a faulty unit, which happens, and overreacted or he's an idiot and fucked himself but wont admit it.
As soon as I saw what they eat they suddenly don't seem so bad. They're like creepy little bros that look out for you but are god damn creepy.
Not if you've never had it.
If the wire was hardwired through the tail and the pose was better this could be a good design. Honestly, the concept is awesome but the execution is just so bad.
It wouldn't be so bad if any of them were actually fun looking. The last one I saw on the front page that was actually a good looking game was Air Brawl and holy shit was that a while back.
Yep, nothing more uncool than bringing up internet shit off the internet.
Personally I love the rain and I love BBQ, so I do. Even if I didn't love rain I wouldn't let mother nature make me her bitch and cook inside because of some falling water.
Well done, I like you.
I too find Game Grumps painful to watch.
It's due to trinitron tubes being pretty much exclusive to Sony sets. All Sony models use it AFAIK so it's not so much a model that they buy as it is a certain brand. It's not just them that do this either, pretty much anyone who is an avid retro gamer wants a good trinny.

The reason they're desirable is because a trinitron tube uses an [aperture grille](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/30/Shadow_mask_vs_aperture_grille.jpg) to guide the electrons onto the phosphor coated tube, as opposed to the shadow mask method of other tubes. This method produces a sharper image. At least this is why they're used over other CRT sets. CRT in general is used because it doesn't upscale the image from the native resolution, which would cause a great deal of input delay.
Thank god a deguass function exists. I put my bluetooth speaker under my CRT monitor while it was off and forget about why you don't do this. So a few days later I pick it up and suddenly a quarter of my screen is inverted in colour, which is funny cause it's usually the other way around but I guess since it was there before the monitor turned on the yoke adjusted for it? idk, but deguassing fixed it immediately which was a relief cause I'm not interested in strapping magnets to a drill.
It's just an average lager, that being said it is better than most mainstream lagers still.
I go to thrift stores a lot and whenever I see globes I always check Germany and Czechoslovakia to see when it was made.
Please do this and don't destroy old PS/2 mouse balls. The retro PC community would greatly appreciate it!
I read about this guy in a repost no more than a month ago! I can't believe he's still getting reposted!
Remember guys, it's too soon to say if it's terror so please don't call this a terrorist attack!
But this is a book we're talking about. How would Americans know about the contents of a book?
Well I guess that proves the whites being indifferent stereotype wrong.
Just had a nice pork burger. Was so delicious!
They even mispelled Gloria Burger's name!
Someone designed this intentionally, and I bet they're fucking proud of it too.
Not at all what I'm saying. What I'm saying is you shouldn't try the "he was only accused of it!" shit when it's plain as day the man was guilty.

If I catch and video tape somebody breaking into my car and have clear video evidence that identifies the person breaking into my car, then I take this to the police and they go get him is he only accused of breaking into my car?
That's a pretty fucking broad generalization there, bud.
Isn't that the point?
I doubt you'll get much help here. Most people are too uptight about cheats and it is against the subreddit rules.
They should do a graph comparing how many clicks you get per click.
I advice you to not even try with those people, it's a loosing battle and they wont rember the difference anyway.
I'm curious too. Want to find out?
it's also not attractive
lol newsflash pal, it looks outrageously unhealthy from the outside too!
nigga I'm sitting here eating and the only thing disturbing me is the small amount of insulation I have between inside me and outside
That's scary, cause back when I played (around 08-10 I think) I distinctly remember quality being shit already.
covfefe
covfefe
It was a fun ride while it lasted, but all good things must come to an end. Can't wait to see what shovelware crap Take-Two can pump out of KSP!
Holy shit, thanks for telling me this. I should read the manual at this point...
To a degree, but if you limit them to things like temperature and pressure readings it isn't so bad.
Not really related to anything at hand but for the first 500 or so hours I didn't know quicksave existed. All my missions were done in one run and if something messed up, even if it was something like a botched landing at the end, I would restart and do it again.

Now that I know about quicksave I still do that for most things, but I've gotten very good at doing sanity checks before leaving the VAB as well as doing most maneuvers with as little delta v as possible.
I still cannot believe that Intel went with the i9 moniker. That was a joke and April fools thing for so long that it's hard to take seriously.
> And yet we all keep buying every iPhone that releases.

Speak for yourself. Only Iphone I ever owned was a 4 and it made me realize how much those phones fucking suck.
You sort of are less-abled if you didn't at least upgrade and make an image of W10.
no
> he murdered a man who hadn't been convicted of a crime, simply accused.

Jesus Christ, where do we draw the line? The law may not have known that Doucet did what he did, but everybody else sure as hell did. There was no doubt.
Most places are.
>Awakened Saxon

>@ShitlordUSA

Mmm, yes....really activates my almonds...
Is that like a U-Haul but for people moving across the ocean?
So if I look both ways and ensure that it's safe, I get this treatment anyways?
You are one brave pilot. That was one of those "everything goes wrong" situations.
[Like this.](http://www.sbp.de/fileadmin/sbp.de/projects/23BC6B31DBE06187C1257E750035AFCA_0_1_IMG0014_MAX.jpg)
What if the bridge were to fold into segments that are as long as the room is tall?
What a waste.
No harm in it if you can read a url and if you can't then clicking links is the last of your worries.
oh man, I'd thought they landed a probe on the surface of jupiter and used a microphone to get those sounds :'(
ğŸ˜‚
He reminds me of Bueno Excellente, except with pants and a bit more hair.
> safari

good banter, m8.
Drove from Manitoba to New Brunswick once. No tolls.
It's called contrast.
It's a naga, if anything he gained something out of this.
So?
I think you're just upset because you know you're fucking disgusting looking and it really brings you down to see others get called out for it.
Seen loads of guys do it in the bar I used to frequent. It's mostly a stereotypical douchebag thing that goes hand in hand with vaping.
Is this an American thing? Where did this ire for Hawaiian pizza come from and why do you all have such god awful taste?
I heard that bag was a hunter. That's reason enough for me to want it dead!
Is it too much for people to drop the fucking emojis when something serious happens? Maybe it's just, me but if I were a victim of something like this and somebody made a tweet with a crying emoji I'd be upset.
Bigly scary!
it's not much
I want to believe OP actually uses all the widgets in his enormous start menu. If not, click and drag those fuckers into the garbage for your own sake, please.
That's hilarious. You guys are fucked.
This is just as good/bad as the shit Reddit pumps out.
spotted the canada goose
That's fine. They don't need Reddit's help. They need to fix their country and do it themselves.
Same here. Other people need to do this instead of emigrating and shitting up first world nations!
Are you saying somebody can't work hard on digital art?
First time on the internet, eh?
no
Probably a dude, first of all, and to answer your question that person does online roleplay and more than likely erotic roleplay. They're fucking terrible at prose, imo.
It's not nice to speak of the US like that.
Muggle is a "real word."
Neoguri is also good, I really like their udon style noodles! They just aren't spicy enough for me...
I don't like his music, but he loves Nongshim Shin Ramyun noodles and I respect that. I love those noodles too.
this is a crasslass, not a madlad!
idk man, my keyboard is always where I leave it and I don't need to look at it but I definitely don't rest my hands on the keyboard at homerow. Freestyle I guess?
He also has income from the UK, doesn't he? Maybe...what if...the UK is controlling him?!
If something goes wrong at least you wont have time to realize it or suffer.
You actually type with homerow?
He's also a terrible actor.
google says you're a fucking idiot.
What if you were allergic to ales and not lagers?
oh man, I'm already at least five glasses of whiskey into the day. But I do need a refill! Cheers you crazy bastard! ;D
Yeah man, cheers! It's the sorghum that they use a replacement for the grain that makes it celiac friendly and it's not the only beer that uses it iirc. If you google sorghum beer there's lots of options, at least in America.
> The type of beer doesn't necessarily have much bearing on alcohol percentage.

If you're going to say this you might as well mention living beers.

nobody is allergic to "beer", it's something in beer. he could have been a celiac for example, and in that case there's delicious beers like bard's made just for them.
are you me?
same here, except for me it's more like fuck you lifeguard who was less than five meters from me, I saved myself and almost drowned my sister. 
WOW til
I hope it was left that way.
Because the FCC would have to actually listen to your comments, or at least acknowledge them.
Yeah I figured out you're American.
you act like ball bearings are some niche and nigh useless product. the patent theory seems to be most likely.
This is an American website.
This is a Chinese website.
No, in that case you'd best turn around and not watch.
It is basically the same shit as the Battle Royale mod.
She's got that tumblr face going on and why is she suddenly dark skinned?
Depends on the model and who you ask. My ST1000DX001 is sitting at just under 8k power on hours and is reporting good health.
No, it's like somebody took the original gif and added a jumpcut every second.
spotted the beta manlet
No, post this to /r/crtgaming 
you mean arguing over which samefaced hoe from persona is "best girl"
the whole class stood up and applauded him too, right?
Don't be so sure. Asbestos has been used for quite some time. Some king who's name eludes me right now had a table cloth made of asbestos fibers. He would supposedly throw it in a fire to clean it off as a party trick for his guests.
my cat loves pats on his butt. it's honestly kind of weird.
There's a standalone show about the penguins from the movies. I think it's still running, in Canada at least.
Shrek, the first one. I'd wager I've seen it 20+ times.
Except it is.
That's awesome looking, I bet the texture is great for grip too! How did you do it?
*zipped
I like this guy.
133 grams is heavy for a mouse
Not really that relevant but I remember in a game I used to play there was an option to turn spiders into slimes for people with arachnophobia.
No, the sheep is data and your other components are other gates that they pass through.
I will, thanks for the advice!
I was a supervisor in a telemarketing agency before. Don't be naive and think that there's a soulless sack of shit on the other end of the line. It's a person doing a shitty job that they know is shitty and they're just doing whatever they think will sound good if "quality control" ever listens in. Personally I was just upfront with people and said "Obviously you're not interested in the product we're offering so I thank you for your time and I'm sorry to waste it. Please do have a good day." or some bullshit along those lines.

But it's still a person doing the call. I had a few calls where in the middle of building a rapport I would get sidetracked by the fact that the customer and I actually shared interests and we would get lost in conversation about something dumb like hobby models.

Yes, they make commission based on leads that become sales. But quit acting like it's some greedy fuck who doesn't care about anybody. It's just another person who works a soul crushing job so they can make ends meet until they find that "real job" that pays the rent a little better but doesn't make them consider suicide.
I've worked at a beer store and you people act like this is a big deal. Weddings happen all the time and I wish we sold beer by the pallet.

But no, we have to load thirty 24-packs into the back of a compact SUV with no help from the customer.
I've met many immigrants who come to Canada for work because it's a great country with good work opportunity, and the money they make here they send most of it back home to their family in another country.

It's a good and noble thing they do, but it hurts our country in ways you don't realize. As far as I'm concerned they are funneling resources out of country into theirs.
This is the man that Reddit portrays as a zany man-child. How patronizing is that?
Does Japan does throw away the middle of the hot dog?
Not sure, I've never worked with anything 15KHz but wouldn't it be able to do 240p already without any tricks?
[Black magic.](https://www.reddit.com/r/crtgaming/comments/675u6g/guide_how_to_run_retroarch_in_240p_on_your_vga/)
Spotted the vegan.