😡
We are forcing them in that direction. Just keep voting for strong progressives and we'll turn the party into ours. Gut it from the inside.
Isn't it like being "a little pregnant"? He's dishonest, period.
We are moving towards Medicare For All.  How fast we get there depends on who you vote for in the primaries right now. Vote for strong progressives who back MFA right now.
Does this surprise anyone?
It's only May 1. That would make it May grey.
Ignorance of the law is no excuse. Enjoy your life behind bars asshole!
Corrupt much Comcast?
Flip Congress in November. Then he goes to jail. But it all starts right now by voting for strong progressives in the primaries. It's even more important now than the general.
Seems illegal.
She spoke the truth. Something this administration wouldn't know anything about.
Gonna be hard to do that from a prison cell.
It's going to be glorious!
Makes it even more fantastic for him to get hit with "Ignorance of the law is no excuse". Can't wait! Prison soon Diaper Donny!
I didn't really care for Homecoming at all, but man, Michael Keaton was fantastic as The Vulture. I really hope he comes back somewhere in the MCU.
LOL!!! He's a fucking imbecile. Prison soon Diaper Donny!!
Kong reads much better.
It actually seems like it's encouraged these days. 
Why don't both hands have gloves on?
Well, it's all Disney, so of course.
Dominos? Ew...
Today he is the character I care for the least. 
Trump is not a good use of anyone's time.
FUCK COMCAST!
Plus they suck twice as bad to use.
Yet Flint still doesn't have clean water.
I won't disagree.
You're not a smart person are you?
This is nothing new. The GOP has always placed greed and corporate wealth over human life and the environment. Vote for strong progressives in the primaries right now!!
She was great!
Vote for strong progressives in the primaries right now. Not a Republican disguised as Democrat.
[Yup!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj1qCQfZJhI)
I believe you are incorrect. We all pay for it, and a few ridiculously wealthy are unwilling. In fact, those few were just given a trillion dollar tax cut.
Expect massive layoffs, price gouging and fewer options when signing up for your plans. Pretty standard after a giant merger like this. I feel sorry for the people who are gonna lose their jobs because of this.
Why isn't this EVERY candidates platform regardless of party? Go Bernie!
This sucks.
Let's do this!!! Vote for strong progressives right now in the primaries are let's kick that turtle piece of shit out of office!!
Yes. He is 100% correct. Let's do this!!
Maybe just settle for a billion less and don't raise the rate, huh Jeff?
Wait, he lied? Shocker!  /s. 

It's what he does. He lies. All his life. 
Fuck you!
Looks great! Give the Beyond Sausage a chance when you can. It leaves FR is the dust.
Done with her. She needs to go.
One at a time. Besides depending on what they nail Trump on, it might take Pence down as well.
He deserves prison as well.
Amplifi HD
Absofuckinglutely you piece of shit. Plus you'll spend the rest of your life in prison too.
Fantastic!
Just wow!
[Would have been? They've had one for quite a few years.](https://www.ford.com/cars/focus/models/focus-electric/?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIk5ujqdvd2gIVxB-GCh17yArnEAAYASAAEgKnLPD_BwE&searchid=783757803%7C39672480943%7C19810252064%7C&s_kwcid=AL!2519!3!225838378554!e!!g!!ford%20electric%20focus&ef_id=WZo2-wAABKYR2q59:20180428193428:s)
WTF? Who says this type of shit? Daniel is an idiot.
Yes.
We just gave away a trillion to the rich in tax cuts with the last budget the GOP congress voted for. Could have used a nice chunk of that for education.  The GOP would rather rich people have more money. Vote them out. Vote for strong progressives right now in the primaries.
Absolutely. Pay them more!
WTF???   So no more electric Focus?? WTF? Ford just signed their own death certificate. Electric is the way forward. 
I think we can still beat them. I'm optimistic.
Better they speak out now so we can end their terms in office in November and replace them with strong progressives. Vote in your primaries now! It's even more important than the general!!
How about the black ones too!
They seem to be making a lot of those wrong decisions lately. 
So let's gut the Dems from the inside and get some strong progressives in there. You gotta start somewhere. Next we will repeal CU and get money out of politics with an amendment. All of this can be done.
Let's end that strategy.
Done with her. Vote for strong progressives and gut this party of these corporate clowns.
Ditch the chicken and you'll lose the weight even faster. Seriously try vegan for 4 months and you'll see.
Awesome!! Give them their raise!!
Basically.
No!!!
Prison is gonna look good on this guy.
When you put it that way, I really hope they build it. Not a sports fan myself.
[Amplifi HD](https://www.amplifi.com/explore.html) is what it should have been. Switched when it came out. Never looked back at Apple's offering.
WTF?
Sol: He's a natural, ain't you Tyrone? 
Tyrone: 'course I am... 

It's the movie "Snatch" in real life.
Bet it would have looked different if Bernie was the nominee instead of Clinton.
Not only should they have kept MagSafe, they should have added it to MORE devices. Dumb Apple.
These are absolutely amazing!! The sweet Italian style is ridiculous how good it is. 
Fantastic!
Closing in on a year myself. No heartburn, in fact quite the opposite. I used to get it once in awhile before. Now... nothing. I do get way more gas (farts) though. TMI?? 😆
Only if it had Kelly and Pablo.
Fuck Ben Carson!
👍
I hear ya. That's why you've always gotta do the research! 👍
Charity Water should help out Flint since the government won't.
Wall Street gives them money, Wikileaks does not. Get money out of politics. Gut the DNC like a fish! Vote for strong progressives that don't take corporate PAC money.  
This.
Fantastic!!
WTF?
Yup!! 👍
Cmon Arizona! Send the GOP packing!!
Congrats! I still hope Tesla makes a Mini-Cooper-ish car one day. You know, small.
Boomerang 
Too expensive even at $899. No thanks.
Vote 'em all out!
It was. Period.
That's some bullshit right there!!  Get out to the polls!!
Absolutely! They did a fantastic job!! Kudos guys!! Great characters!
Trump Voters Driven by Fear.
I really, really can't stand the way it tastes. There are much better non-dairy cheeses out there , but for some reason, they seem to lock up all the major deals with their horrible product. Try "Follow Your Heart" cheeses. There are others out there too. They're soooo much better. IMHO of course. 
FYH FTW!
I'm so sorry. My condolences. That stuff is absolutely disgusting.
But not daiya please.
Daiya-free I hope.
The sweet Italian are unbelievably good!
Absolutely 
Thanks Bruce! It was great while it lasted! 
No one likes sitting in traffic either, yet here we are.
> Metro needs to be better.

This is true, but it is sooooo much better than the dark times before. Hours for a bus to stop by. No trains. Routes that didn't make sense.

It was great while it lasted. Thanks Bruce!
Odd thread.
Terminator 3-5 have been a tremendous waste of what potentially could’ve been a terrific series of films - yes. 
Just watch the previous one. Let them put money into NEW ORIGINAL content.
😞
😡
Airpod case still looks like floss.
I hope they decide to do breakfast sausage next!!
Let's put him prison BEFORE 2019!
Iron Man 3
Cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs!!!
Shocker!! Can we get a fucking conviction on some of these criminals already?
Great step forward.
Absolutely.
Apple, where "pro" means nothing.
I don't care who is running the country for this...it would be fantastic!! Be he is promoting fossil fuels and coal, so it won't be the orange idiot that does this. 
I say fantastic!!! Go Australia!
Hope he joins Trump in prison.
Netflix, baby! Now THAT would be groovy!
Don't care. Just keep pushing forward Elon!!
Of course!!
No more super delegates and no more establishment dems!
Vote his turtle ass out already!
Sure was.
Only after 35 Big Macs though.
LOL! A new euphemism - "lifetime of golf" - life in prison!!
He does not get to go back to his old life. Sorry Ivana. He will serve time for the crimes he's committed against this country. Hopefully a life sentence at minimum. 
Exactly.
Get rid of them. They're useless.
Please no.
That's beautiful.
That's fucked up right there.
Really? Can we now scale the interface?? I sure hope it's true. 4K monitors have been around now for half a decade and Adobe sat on their asses. How about After Effects?
Just make sure to check your bill at the end of the month. The stores ALWAYS screw it up. You walk out thinking, wow that was easy, then it takes three months of calling customer service to straighten out the shit show they created. We switched to the 55 plan when it launched. Easy-peazy-lemon-squeezy in the store. Took three months for them to unfuck it. 
Can't wait to celebrate repealing of Trump.
Absolutely.
There's quite a number of us who knew this before he started his campaign.
The guy is fucking corrupt.
There are three flavors. Brat, Sweet Italian and Spicy Italian.
No contest. These leave FR in the dust in taste and texture.
Car mortgage? I guess when many people are living in their cars these days it makes sense. /s
Criminal.
How about 2030?
You'll love 'em when you get to try 'em!
They are even better than the burgers!
He's not the one for you. Dump him.
They debut their vegan meats for sale on Cinco De Mayo!
FYH FTW!!
Yes, we know this.
Good.
Best show they have. Starz blew it.
Basically.
Been wanting this since OSX debuted.
Keep your corporate Dems then man. The rest of us are moving forward. Strong progressives are the the only way we get out of this mess.
Just remember, keep voting for strong progressives in the primaries right now!! No more establishment fat cat Dems. Real progressives and get money out of politics.
They've already compromised the MacBook Pro. Removed ports, removed real function keys, removed magsafe and saddled it with the worst keyboard they've ever produced. But wow! It sure is thin!! But hey, let's not compromise it. Make it great again. Make it the best MAC running OS X !!
I don't mind Bernie and his ideals going against the DNC at all. We're gonna gut the DNC like a fish and make it the progressive party we want. Whether they like it or not. Keep voting for strong progressives in the primaries right now!!!
So much corruption. Makes it even more impressive how close Bernie came. Keep voting for strong progressives in the primaries right now!!!
He lies. That's what he does. All his life. 
The shit show continues...
Corporations are not people. Money is not speech. 
Putting Trump and his cronies will, in fact, go a long way to help with a political reset.
When did he stop running?
LOL!!  But wait, I thought POTUS is innocent. What's there to be worried about???  LOL!! The shit show continues.
Keep digging Donny! LOL!! Prison is gone look real good on you!
That's not enough. He needs to be tried for criminal activity.
It doesn't help if they are right leaning Dems. They muddy the party. Time for them to all go. No more excuses. Strong progressives right now on the primaries so we clean house of those Republicans running as Democrats. Then when we get to the generals you won't have to hold your nose. You can actually vote for a candidate that has your interests as top priority. 
If Trump is innocent like he claims, why is he sweating like a guilty man? Hope they take McConnell down as well. 
Thanks!
Just curious about the map on AW. If there's no cell coverage does it still show up?
"you people"
The lies just keep coming. Prison soon Diaper Donny.
LOL!!
Intentional I think.
Prison soon Diaper Donny.
Which in fact confirms the guy in the sketch is real and did in fact threaten her and he knew about it.
Keep voting for strong progressives in the primaries!!! It's more important right now than the general!!
He lies. Everyday. It's what he does. 
He's surrounded by stupidity.
Only if you let it. This is NOT normal. Keep fighting!!
Many times that's what good lawyers do. I think Mueller is the same. They have the evidence already. They just wanna see what Trump will give up before they even get to trial.
I've always maintained that it's Trump that will bring down Trump. He's that stupid.
We will gut the Democratic Party from the inside. Keep voting for strong progressives in the primaries. We are winning. Keep on fighting!! Goodbye by establishment dems!!
Vote for strong progressives!! Go Alison!!
You gotta train your dog or you shouldn't have one.
Fucking clown show.
Fuck that piece of shit turtle head!
Roku
👍
Why is BP even in business? They should have been shut down after the spill in the Gulf.
And just imagine cutting the defense spending by half and putting towards education, healthcare and feeding everyone in the country!
Rich Americans and rich corporations don't pay enough taxes.  
Make Moscow Great Again
The mouse itself is terrible as well. Horrible ergonomics. 
I've only watched the pilot/first ep.  I was pretty down on it most of the way through but it picked up at the end and had a wonderful cameo.  Gonna keep going and see how things shake out.
Oh no!!! He went to my high school!!
This is not an unreasonable search and seizure. They secured a warrant. They would only issue it if they convinced a judge they had enough evidence to make their case. It's especially damning since this was for an "attorney" which apparently is even harder to get. On top of all that, it's the presidents attorney. So they must have presented a rock solid case to the judge. In addition, just remember these are all republicans doing this, not democrats. 
Bot bot bot, bot bot bot-baran.....
FUCK THEM!! Keep voting for strong progressives in the primaries right now!!!
Let's make sure they aren't around after November. Vote for strong progressives in the primaries right now that support net neutrality!!!
LOL!! Of course it is!! The shit show continues!!
Bot bot bot, bot bot bot-baran.....
LOL! These guys have no idea what obstruction of justice means! Have fun in prison asshole!
Absolutely. I'd take cheese less over daiya any time.
Kudos for not using daiya! That stuff is foul and nasty!  FYH is so much better!
I'd pack the bottle up and ship it to Jeff.
We have plenty of strong progressives to run. Thanks Joe, but no.
She lies for a living so, of course.
He's pretty stupid himself, sooo...do the math.  👍
About time! I've wanted to see this forever! Awesome!
LOL!
Because he's surrounded by stupidity.
Guilty as fuck. Otherwise he wouldn't care.
Hey I knew full well what I signed up for with FB. But people who never signed up?  That's effed up right there.
Let's see if he can hit single digits!! Big beautiful single digits!!
Because innocent people always act this way! /s
LOL! Prison soon!
But, really, best fries ever, actually.
In & Out fries are fantastic anyway you like them.


Well the GOP and establishments Democrats are waging war on the poor. Not progressives.
Yes resign, but Mueller is still coming for you and you will be sent to prison.
Downtown Trumpville 2018
Fuck you Donald Gump!!!
Oh, he can resign all he wants. He still needs to be tried for EVERY crime and when found guilty needs to be put away in prison for a long, long time.
Um...he does illegal stuff every day. Remove him from office already!!!
Sign up forYouTubeTV
Fix it already!
Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you! 
I've seen most of those or didn't care to watch others you listed. It's not really an insane amount. It's also mostly catalog stuff these days. I haven't cared for their own content really. I do like Netflix's though.
Why would anyone watch it without her?
I have Amazon Prime and never watch it. Can never find anything I care to watch on it. It's more for the shipping. 
Go Tulsi!
Just make it good. That's all we ask. 
No commercials will always get my vote!
Keep up the obstruction orange boy! More fuel for the fire of your ultimate prison sentence!!
A very stable genius.  /s
OK there SILVERSPORK86. Maybe your mom will let you use a real fork one day.
"I only pardon real criminals. The best criminals. Big beautiful criminals. I plan on pardoning myself one day."
Get a Roku. It's the easiest thing out there. Chromecast will be too hard.
Was really hoping to see him lose his shit during the interview. I'll settle for life in prison.
Fucking piece of shit!
Grrrrrr.... /s  Lucky!
LOL!!! What a shit show!!
My altimeter on my F3 is always off about 200ft on mtb rides. Even when it's calibrated at the beginning.  Checked with other Garmins and  iPhones which are always fairly close. It's just the way it is for me since I got it. 
Well duh....
Congrats!
Cut the military budget in half and make the rich pay their share of taxes you'd have more than enough for all of it AND knock the debt down.
Amen.
Absolutely! The Defcon was awesome!
I've ridden the Defcon (aluminum) and it was a blast! Climbs really great as well! 
LOL!
Yes, that's Scott Pruitt in a nutshell. Unethical And potentially illegal. Put him in prison.
Fucking awesome!! Paul Ryan can eat shit! 
LOL!!!
Bought an Echo Spot as an alarm clock, because I needed a clock and it was around $99. on sale. The other stuff it does is pretty cool too. I didn't see anything about the HomePod that was compelling. It's just an expensive speaker.
Nice.
How about one on the budget ? When asked about the deep cuts to social programs and how it would affect the majority of people in the country his reply was "We're not really concerned with that". He's a piece of shit.
Yes. He's a piece of shit.
The most uncaring douche nozzle Speaker of the House.
I like 'em all.
This is not a sane person. Remove him from office immediately!!
Face palm...
He needs to be removed from office immediately. This is not a sane person.
Same here 😞
Let's hope so.
Kinda done with all of it myself. 
The Iron Stache - Randy Bryce
Fantastic!! Figures too...Ryan is one of the biggest wimps in Congress. Bring on The Iron Stache - Randy Bryce!!
LOL!!
Noooooooo!
Yes. Remove him from office.
Remove this idiot from office. 
PBS 

Comedy Central 
Covfefe lawyer?
It's a question of where the money came from - possibly campaign donations - and the legal ramifications. 
All projection from the Trump side. Pretty much all the time.
No way...that would be an awesome holiday thing!!
Love pickles, but just no...not in the movies. The crunching alone is gonna be super annoying. The smell can be overpowering as well. No pickles in theaters. You're on your own with that shit Texas.
He's a #fuckingmoron
Fucking clown show
Yes, he lied about it. It's what he does. He lies. Often. All his life. Dumb people bought into it. He will hopefully be in prison soon.
Actually it's more about illegal use of campaign funds to pay hush money and threats of violence about speaking out. Mob type stuff. The sex really has nothing to do with it. 
My doc said to really know how the new diet will affect you, it needs to be about three months. So keep going after the four weeks.  See how you are doing then, and get checked by a doctor (blood work, etc). Numbers should be great after three months. Mine were. Also, /r/Vegan_Food is a pretty good sub, just for pics and recipes of food. Much better than the other one.
Depends on what they use to take Trump down with. If it has to do with the campaign, it may take Pence down as well, because he was there right in the thick of it. There's no way he did not know what was going on.
What an asshole.
Pruitt is a bag of shit.
If they can make "Lord Of The Rings" a tv show (Amazon is doing it... ugh), I could see a miniseries for RPO being done by Netflix or HBO sometime over the next decade that could expand it so it's closer to the book. Still, the licensing alone is what will kill it.
Pretty huge. The visor alone is leaps and bounds over the clunky tech we have right now. I'd say the year of RPO is about right for the tech in the movie. Wade is supposed to be using junky equipment at the beginning. His junky equipment makes our cutting edge tech feel like Atari 2600 tech.
Scorsese 
I thought Ken Starr investigated the Clintons all through the 90's ?? He uncovered an affair he had...remember?
1.	It has to do with where the money came from. It has to do with campaign money and the legal ramifications. Plus on a non-legal note, why is the president paying off anyone about keeping quiet about anything...that's some BS right there no matter who it is.
2.	 The investigation isn't over yet. 
3.	 He's racist and hates Obama with every fiber of his being and his inflated ego made him run for office. Now he's undoing everything Obama put in place. He's trying to erase him from history as much as he can. 
4.	Let's hope so. If it's proven he's guilty, he should be put in prison. He does NOT get to go back to his old life after betraying the trust of the country. A life sentence would be fitting.
LOL! Only the finest people! What a fucking clown show! Prison soon Diaper Donny!
Vote them out!! Get real progressives in there!!!
> It would be galacticly stupid 

I believe that's what I said.
A regular attorney, probably. An idiot hired by Trump, not likely. The stupidity that surrounds him is astonishing.
He was pretty in on everything that went down during the campaign. If they take down Trump, Pence is going with him. That leaves President Ryan, who is one of the biggest wimps in Congress.
LOL!!! Prison soon you disgusting piece of shit!
More projection. Prison soon Diaper Donny!!
"A" crime? How about many crimes. Big beautiful crimes. Only the best crimes. Prison soon Diaper Donny.
Vote for strong progressives right now in the primaries and kiss the establishment dems goodbye. Then we'll see them act. 
By voting for strong progressives in the primaries, you can bet it's not a question of "if" but "when" and it won't just be impeachment, but prison time
They own a lot of patents. They could get scooped up by another bigger company at some point.
Rabbit butt pancakes
They took over Five Ten, now I'm afraid I'll never see anymore 510 Freeriders for mountain biking again.
Fuck!!!
Everyone wanted a black face on their red phone last time. Wonder if they'll do it this time.
Of course he did. 
Cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs 
It's a great looking clock. I love that you can choose your alarm and have the volume ramp up. I use it to listen to audiobooks from Audible before bed and have it auto shut off after a set amount of time. I love the weather forecast. I love playing music on command.
Insignificant nutball said what?
What a complete shit show we have running the country right now. 
She's gone in November. Go Alison Hartson!!!
Let's hope for even more!
Go Alison Hartson!! Goodbye DiFi!!!
It's easy enough to hide channels you don't watch. Click on Edit under the Sort menu in the Live section. 
Wildly popular as a despised shit stain of a human being.
Now that's the day we need a fucking parade!!!
He lies. It's what he does. It's what he's always done. 
Not possible. Especially when it's turned down. Looking at a white screen tires my eyes. A black screen is so much easier. 
Regular Freeriders. If you can hold out until May 10 they usually have a one day sale. Date 5-10-2018 - get it, five ten?
Better than anything I've seen out of Apple since iOS debuted. Nice job.
I rarely read twitter as it is. Take away the tool I like to use...Twitterrific...and I'll most likely never read it. 
I'll take The Bad News Bears (1976) over this any day.
Even flips correctly if your phone is upside down!! It's a fantastic player!
Try JetAudio 
Fuck you!!
Please give us this dark mode everywhere and even on macOS. I can't stand the use of white Apple has used for decades. Please give my retinas a break already.
They aren't for sale yet so I don't know. Just thought I'd post the announcement for anyone interested.
Guess I wasn't paying attention - I thought she was inside Scrapper.
Then I missed it. I'll have to watch it again. 
**SPOILER** - [One thing that really stood out to me was how at the end, they completely forgot about Liwen Shao. I kept waiting for her to show up with Boyega and Spaeny. WTF? She just saved their asses and they didn't even go see how she was. Didn't it bother anyone else?  I'm sure there were some issues with re-cutting the ending a few different ways. Seemed like some poor editing choices were made. Overall an enjoyable movie. Not as good as the original, but sequels rarely are.  Maybe Guillermo will be back for the threquel one day.](/spoiler)
She'll be in prison soon along with Jared and her dad.
Well that's just it right? I mean, he can rant all he wants, but what is HE gonna do about it? Maybe he should run for mayor. If he cares so much about it, he can become mayor and make it a priority. But no, he'll just keep ranting and never actually do anything about it. 
LOL!!!  Prison soon Diaper Donny!!
He's a fucking shit show.
Nobody's buying the DCCC bullshit. Vote for strong progressives in the primaries!! It's the most important thing to do right now. 
Why is the President of the United States having a feud with a private American company ? He's a fucking child. 
Kudos for mixing the classic theme in!! Still on the fence about a remake/reboot. Why??  Just make something original.
Just no.
Pai is an asshole.
"Follow Your Heart" [American Slices](http://followyourheart.com/products/american-style/) and their [Vegan 1000 Island](http://followyourheart.com/products/vegan-thousand-island-2/#product-top) get you pretty darn close to the In-N-Out flavor!
Ted Cruz - the Frank Burns of politics.
Actually they have some of the best fries around. 
Only if you are vegetarian.
Gut them!! Vote for strong progressives in the primaries!!!
Make sure they are strong progressive Dems!! Establishment Dems need to go. They're done. 
It's a bun with lettuce, tomato and pickles. That's not a burger. Hopefully one day they'll add a Beyond Meat burger as an option.
WTF?
That's why we vote for the strongest progressives we can in the primaries. Gut the DCCC from the inside.
Apple is useless when it comes to AI.
Fat, orange and stupid is no way to go through life.
WTF?
Everyone is hung up on the chips. I'm more worried about the software. Other than the OS, what's gonna run on these things? How hard are they gonna twist Adobe and MS arms to get them to port yet again? What about the rest of the software out there? How about high end products like 3D and VFX? What about games? What about drivers needed to hardware peripherals and especially video cards?
Fuck you!!
I was curious what the policy is for non-Tesla electric cars for the Superchargers? Can anyone use them? Is there a set rate for charging? Not trolling, I really would like to know.
Now?
Yet no collusion.  /s  
Progressives represent middle class voters.  Not all Democrats are progressives. Vote for strong progressives in the primaries. Not simply Dems. It makes all the difference.
She's right.
April Fools I hope.
 jetAudio Hi-Res Music Player by Team Jet
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/jetaudio-hi-res-music-player/id894888135?mt=8. 
Best music app on iOS. No streaming. Just your own music, the way you want it.
Prison for fuckface Ryan.
LOL! 
Wow! Go Florida!!! Never thought I'd ever utter those words!!!
More projection by an asshole.
Unfucking believeable. 
Yes. I never have that stupid adapter when I need it. #bringbackthejack
The orange idiot does NOT represent the majority of decent human beings out there regardless of age or color of their skin.
It's not simply a belief, it's a fact.
Every inch of The Incredibles. Absolutely stunning animation, design and story telling.
Absolutely the worst.
I liked it. Was it the greatest movie ever made? No. Was it fun? Yes. How does it compare to the original? Not as good. But sequels rarely are as good as the original. I enjoyed it. I liked all the new Jaegers. I liked some of the story twists. I think they did a pretty good job with this movie. If you're a fan of the first one, just go and have some fun. It's a decent movie.
http://titmouse.net
Not so young people too.
Not so young people too.
These kids are doing a fantastic job! The attackers can go pound sand.
Take this racist piece of shit down!
Sign me up Elon!!
Fantastic!!
Just keep voting for strong progressives!! We're gonna flip the crap outta establishment dems and then the GOP.
That's just fine. We're gutting the rotted fish in the primaries!! Keep voting for strong progressives!!!
They really like unfunny people at Netflix.
Yes, please. I still love the characters of Scully and Mulder, and even liked a couple of the new eps, but please, just let it go.
Ahhhh....projection....
Full recipe?
So it's better!!
Not backlit.
Love the wired ones with the USB hub!!
Been waiting for these forever. Would like to hear from anyone who bought one.
I believe you can use it just fine while it's plugged in.
I don't believe he can read either. We have an illiterate president.
I've been wanting this since the day I got it! Fantastic!! All sports removed!
Disgusting.
Finally watched it. Oh brother.... what a waste.  Still love the characters of Mulder and Scully, but that was a whole lot of nothing. All those years building to this? WTF? 
I give Apple an "F". Expecting students, teachers and schools to go without keyboards? It's for school, not watching Netflix. Keyboard should have been included. This isn't going to replace a single Chromebook purchase. 
She lies like most of us breathe.
And he's POTUS. Ugh....
Fan-fucking-tastic! If all else fails, he'll perjure himself! Prison soon Diaper Donny!
IPad with no keyboard. Nice one Apple. Schools will continue to buy Chromebooks.
I need the ability to block any item I gave thumbs down to. Can you just do this one thing Netflix?
True, but not new.
Fat, orange and stupid is no way to go through life.
Cut the price in half and maybe. Color ain't gonna do it.
Yet another #fuckingmoron
Not good. Expect higher prices.
Fuck you Congress!!
Trust is earned. There is absolutely no reason to trust anything coming out of the White House. Day one, "it was a bright sunny day" yet in reality, it poured rain. Nothing has been earned since that first official lie.
Exactly. They keep abandoning markets. When iAuthor debuted I really thought they could change the landscape of education with content for learning. Where's that piece of abandon-ware now? When was it last updated? Who uses it? Apple has no interest in education. 
Absolutely. I'd be really surprised if it came from Apple these days. Tim Cook has no vision.
She really is another #fuckingmoron
Cheap but capable hardware, unlimited cloud storage for all class work, included touchscreens, easy to maintain - simply wipe machine for a new user, with no data loss for the old account . These are not machines for video editing. Let's see Apple deliver something to compete. They won't. It will be too expensive and not deliver what schools need in today's education market. 
Supposedly that is not allowed. Not with their education tools. Not in grade school anyway.
Another #fuckingmoron
Fantastic!!!
Apple gave up on education a long time ago. They're not getting it back. Not with Google Chromebooks everywhere. Not at their price point.
Pence may be caught up in the scandal as well. Wouldn't mind if they both went to prison. Ryan is a wimp.
The sausages are even better than the burger!!! I hope they're out at the grocery store soon! Can't wait to make them at home!
But many of them marched in support. 
Trump's mistake: Choosing himself over the entire country of 325 million people.
You should not spread FUD. You are speaking of the Impossible Burger not the Beyond Meat Burger. http://beyondmeat.com/whats-new/view/beyond-the-headlines-a-clarification-regarding-beyond-meat-and-impossible-foods-
Younger people really have no idea how much power they actually have. I wish they would get out and vote. With their numbers in this country they could change this very quickly just by checking a few boxes. I hope they start listening to the kids from Florida. They have the right idea.
Get new roommates.
LOL! Sorry man. Always go Google for maps.
No duh.
Rubio is a piece of shit. 
Fantastic!!
That's great! I'd even go bigger! 👍
I had a Chumby too!
Yeah right. Plenty of Dems who take NRA money too. They've got to go. Vote for strong progressives in the primaries now!!
Weak low energy. Fat, orange and stupid is no way to go through life.
Fuck the NRA!!
What a fucking shithead.
I use Motorola S10 BT headphones paired to my old Apple iPod Nano 6th gen that has a Sony BT adapter plugged into it. which I wear with a watch strap. It's the Apple Watch, before there was an Apple Watch. https://i.imgur.com/SEH97CI.jpg
I had a Time Capsule rev1. Was sooooo happy to ditch it and get the Amplifi. Liked it so much, I got a second. I've had zero problems with it. I just use a little external drive and Carbon Copy Cloner rather than Time Machine. Everything is much, much better without an Apple router. Go for it!
What's wrong with the sensor on the back? Works fine.
Bernie should be President. Not that orange turd.
Must be time to introduce a new line of shoes. Throw them all in prison already!
WTF with that pic? So much wrong. Where's Keith Ellison and others pushing for Medicare For All? Pelosi? No. Waser.....Hell no!!
Soon please.
Nope.
Yes!
Was hoping for before Thanksgiving.
Just more ammo for Mueller. Trump will bring down Trump. That's the beauty.
He likes to lie. It's sort of his thing.
Time to remove this piece of shit from office.
Old one. 
Keep voting for strong progressives in the primaries and we'll gut establishment dems out!
Yes!
Yes!
Bigger clock please for the Echo Spot. Like really big!!
Go Kev!
LOL! GunPornHub
He's a child.
Translation: Trump wants to lie under oath to Mueller in Russia probe
Marcia Lucas saved Star Wars. The editing is amazing. She deserved that Oscar.  George wanted to cut many items that fans know and love. She made that movie what it is. 
Not good enough. Make it 2020. Maybe some healthier food while you're at it. Organic, non-GMO and more of those vegan burgers that debuted in Finland.
The guy who rode in a golf cart while the rest of the world leaders walked. Weak, low energy. Fat, orange and stupid is no way to go through life. 
Obstruction of justice. Let's make the penalty.....death, how 'bout that Jeff? You can be the first one sentenced!!
Prison soon Diaper Donny!!
So long DiFi!! 
Don't steal bikes.
What about for obstruction of justice?
This is the GOP. Do not vote for them in the general election.
It's funny, but I bet Bernie would do it if he could. He seems like that kind of a guy. Move elections to Monday's and make it a paid holiday. Also, make early voting and voting by mail an option everywhere in the country.
Better to gut the party from the inside. Go for strong progressives right now in the primaries!!
Vote strong progressives now in the primaries!! It matters even more than the general.
Pfffttt...we're way beyond that. Prison time, and lots of it is the only way forward.
Why should anyone be "furious" about the truth coming out? It's the truth. Throw them all in prison.
That's being kind. 
And will proof of breaking the law mean prison? It better.
We all know they don't believe in science, so WTF is this supposed to be? Is she prepping dad's evening drink?
Fuck you!
Strong progressives yes!!! Get out and vote!! It's more important now than the general!
Just now doing this in 2018?? WTF? Well get to it.
Vote strong progressives right now in the primaries. Send establishment dems packing. We're gonna push the party toward deep blue. Goodbye corporate hacks!
Yes!
Like a bitch?
Well, he thinks he's king. But he'll be in prison soon enough.
Keep rearranging those deck chairs Diaper Donny. The iceberg is straight ahead.
That's the beauty - he's so fucking guilty on a million counts, they have no need to frame anything - it's all right there. Trump is going to bring down Trump. He did it all to himself.
Of course she did. It would have never occurred to him.
The show is fantastic!!
But you know, he's a very stable genius. He took a test online too! So I don't think he can go for that insanity thing since he's like a smart person. LOL!!! He's going to prison!
Of course you know the old lawyer trick right? Ask for documents you already have, then compare what they gave you to yours and see what they left out. What a fucking shit show. Get ready for prison Diaper Donny!! 
That's horrible. Get angry and fight! Get out and vote for strong progressives right now in the primaries. Don't hide.
Are any of the Halo series still around for multiplayer? 2 or 3 maybe?
I wish Bernie was president. 😞
Nice.
Blah, blah, blah....I've always known Facebook would sell my info. That's why I've always been selective of what I have posted. Not really worried. If it goes away tomorrow, so be it. I just think it's funny that these journalists feel the need to boast that they are leaving FB. LOL!
Unlike headphones though, Airpods just fall out of my ears.
Goodbye douchebag!
What a fucking surprise!! Classify this one under" No Shit Sherlock".
Fucking clown show. The US govt. is not your private corporation you #fuckingmoron!
More like an orangutan, but point taken.
Are these the actions of an innocent man? Prison soon Diaper Donny!
You are very naive Adam.
GOP is beyond redemption at this point. Getting strong progressives in office and removing corporate establishment dems is the way forward.
Fuck Toys R Us!!
Or worst.
It's not a private company. They all work for us. Prison time soon Diaper Donny.
Thanks!!
I found this ep really boring. But Scully's "haircut" looks fantastic! 😉
She needs to be in prison along with her father.
Time to re-evaluate fiduciary obligations. 
That DeNiro is a good guy.
Yup, that's how I caught season 1& 2. But after Starz. I'm saying everywhere at once. 
Very important here, not simply Dems... but strong progressives.
Goodbye you #fuckingmoron. You are going to prison.
He can be in the cell across from Trump so they have to stare at each other for the rest of their lives.
The show is fantastic!! The whole concept of the walled garden is the problem. They should be putting this show everywhere and making the money from other outlets to show it. Put it on Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, iTunes. Nobody really wants to sign up for Starz for one show. Also, make some cool merch.
Fuck you Trump!
Fantastic! Goodbye GOP!
Why not ask him? I mean, what's he so scared of if he didn't do anything illegal? If I knew I didn't do anything wrong, I'd welcome an investigation because there would be nothing to find. Yet he's panicking like a turkey on Thanksgiving.
Or...maybe...just fucking impeach Fuckface Von Clownstick already.
So does this one. I really can't stand daiya so skipped it and was very happy with this pizza.
Or people who use a computer for work.
Yeah, because everyone ***else*** is making shit up right??!! LOL! Prison soon Diaper Donny!
She's part of the shit show that is this administration.
Bye guys! You're all done. We're bringing strong progressives to primary your corporate asses out and destroy the GOP in the general.
Pacific Rim. It delivered giant monsters fighting Kaiju many times.  Godzilla could have been good, but every time there's a fight, they cut away.  
Does this sound like an innocent man?
LOL!!
👍
Vote for strong progressives right now in the primaries!!! It's more important now than in the general. Get out there now!!!
March 24, 2018, next weekend.
Yes, but an idiot as well. But really a #fuckingmoron
Goodbye Diaper Donny. You're going to prison.
These are not the actions of an innocent (or sane) man. The "Moscowian Idiot" is guilty as all fuck. Diaper Donny is going to prison. This is all just theater.
So what is she going to do? Sell them women's shoes?
Very expensive. 
Fuck you!
Figures Florida. What a shit show.
Yes, we knew that ages ago.
He's a fucking clown show.  Soon he will be behind bars.
Everyone has good days and bad days. It happens. It's normal.
LOL!!
Vegan and exercise should do it. Try running. You'll burn the extra calories.
Establishment dems yes. Bring on the progressives!! Vote for Hartson!
Vote Hartson!
Goodbye DiFi. Hello Alison Hartson!
Probably After Effects and a lot of time.
That's horrible. Even if you aren't plant based.
Fuck you!
I'd say for Trump that would be a step up. Right now we know him as an orange piece of shit.
Why are you still using a bank in the first place? Find a local credit union for your financial needs.
He bankrupts things. It's what he does. But anyone would have known that with a little research BEFORE the election in 2016.
Can't wait until we get to remove his orange ass and send him to prison.
That sucks. 
Fuck you!
I'll have to check my bill. We've had the 55+ deal since it started at $60 for two unlimited lines. I hope it hasn't gone up.
So why would you ever use a broker now?
This is why I'm staying with Netflix. Can't stand commercials or sports.
Not sure why you would say that when part of the whole platform is Medicare For All.
Now will you vote for strong progressives in the primaries? No more establishment centrist Dems. You're out!!
Apple hasn't cared about education since the eMac.
We shouldn't arm teachers because it's one of the stupidest things ever dreamed up. Men or women. It's not their fucking job. It's idiotic to have guns a schools. It's asinine to think it will make anyone safer. It's the worst idea in the history of bad ideas. No fucking guns at schools.
If he nails the orange idiot and his gang, he'll be a national hero.
Can't wait to see the "Moscownian Idiot" locked up.
Go man go! Put this idiot and his mob away!
Wow!
They're called lies.
Best show on TV right now!
When does her tell all book drop?
That's why you gotta get out there and vote for strong progressives right now in the primaries!!!
Present day witnesses too!
FUCK YOU!!!!!!!
He does show up online. He had a town hall on FB. I think he's open to be everywhere he can. 
We're in the primaries right now. Vote strong progressive  - the stronger the better. Then you'll have a candidate you WANT in office to vote for in the general.
I hope Trump gets 2x - because he gets two scoops.
Nobody knew guns could be so dangerous!  /s    How is this helping anyone? 
And vote for strong progressives. It's imperative!!
Annoying Orange is a pinko commie!! LOL!! What now GOP? He's your boy?? Fucking clown show. Prison soon comrade. 
She blames everyone but herself. 
Fantastic!
Does Annoying Orange think that he wins a prize when he's the last on the island or something?
Wouldn't it be better to resist from within. Go against Trump and have him forced into firing you? Resignation seems like the easy way out.
Try Ash Vs Evil Dead. It's a lot of fun!
I saw last years finale and was done with it. Lame.
Single payer Medicare For All is the only way forward. 
Would never do it myself. Use a web browser if possible.
The day Apple buys Netflix is the day I cancel Netflix.
You need to vote progressive in the primaries. That's how you gut the Dems. From the inside.
Aunt May
You can start and stop service anytime and no phone calls, no contracts, so yes it's much better.
The stupidity is running high. 
He knows he's not on that show anymore right?
No surprise. Orange coward.
Agreed. The worst.
Gross.
Great review man!
I enjoyed this ep!
I don't like it. The graphic is fine. I don't like the slogan. When you see it from a distance you just see the word "yield". I'd rather see something like "Continue to FIGHT" so at a distance you see Bernie's image and the words "Fight". Still props for doing it! Keep fighting!! 👍
I wasn't running for office dude.
The debate has been going on for decades.
We're all waiting for that better idea to come along. Until then, next best is single payer Medicare for all.
Yes!!
Let's purge the GOP and establishment dems in November for real progressives who care about the environment. Get out and vote progressive in your primaries!!!
When you look up dumb in the dictionary there's a picture of DeVos, right next to Trump and Perry and Palin and W and....soooo many....
I blame the DNC.
And has a better keyboard than the current line up!
This time ZERO ports and that terrible keyboard!! But thin enough and sharp enough to give you a paper cut!
You don't have to apologize for TB's poor decisions. The product is terrible. 
Good.
That would be establishment candidate Clinton, or did you already forget, she was the one who ran against Trump and lost the election?
Perez is the leader. Ellison is bucking the status quote and fighting for universal healthcare.
Duh....
Fucking clown show, that guy...
2020 slogan - "Return of The Bern" 😊
Why do you think that a company that makes BILLIONS in profits can't afford to give workers decent raises without raising prices for the parks? You don't think they could shed even a couple hundred million of profit just to pay their workers enough to live on? Shouldn't the happiest place on earth go for the workers as well as the visitors?
Sure, why not? This is not a poor company.
So shouldn't he go to prison? Martha Stewart did.
It'll be there in real life soon enough. That state is running into the ground.
I thought it was fantastic!
Daiya-rhea. Gross. No thanks.
Fantastic!!
How many billions have they cleared with Star Wars, Marvel and the parks? Pay a decent wage. You've got the money.
Yes!!! Let's gut the Dems from the inside. 
Get 'em out!! Vote for strong progressives in your local primaries!!!
Well he is the country's number one #fuckingmoron
Go Bernie go!
Has he ever told the truth in his life?
Best show on TV!
Amazing!
See what you think. Hope you like it!
https://reddit.com/r/PacificRim/comments/753qxm/pacific_rim_2_uprising_official_trailer_fixed/
WTF? Get rid of them!!!
Exactly as predicted. They fell for his con hook line and sinker. I hope they wake up and vote progressive this time. 
Absolutely.
Probably one of the worst choices in music for a trailer I can think of. One guy subbed the original theme into it on YouTube and it made it about a millions times better. I sure hope it was a trailer only thing and not in the movie.
Like father like son. Ok Donny go out and play, just don't poop in your pants today. 
I'd ditch every sports channel in an instant. Plus a few others.
Still more momentum than Clinton had two year later.
No way in hell Booker. Just no. 
Could have been big in 2016 too. 
Isn't burning books like....their thing?
Cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs!
Still won't work in my ears. They just fall out.
She's a no go on single payer. Vote for Alison Hartson!
Just like 2016 right? Establishment dems lost it all, including the race for POTUS. You have no clue. 
Good riddance. Super delegates have got to go.
You're not paying attention to the current races right now. Progressives are starting to win dem seats and will run in the general.
Closed primaries are a middle finger to democracy. Bernie won the open ones. He would have won the general. But the fix was in for Clinton at the DNC so the s-delegates voted for her rather than the candidate with all the momentum. That's what s-delegates were created for. This very moment. They could have gone with the candidate that would have won in the general, but they didn't. The s-delegate system failed to do what it should have done. It's useless. Get rid of it.
Fuck you, you dumb motherfucker!! 
Ditch it now!
Do it. It was supposed to help pick the best candidate to run. It failed. It should have been Bernie. Get rid of it. It doesn't work. 
So...what do they do...call each other fat and stupid?
They did it to Clinton.
Melania is going to cut him.
Anything has to be better than Daiya-rhea.
Or just about any other service.

Might be better at Wurstküche in Venice. Only $7.50 there. VeggieGrill wouldn't let me order it without the extras (fries, cabbage, cheese) so it's a little pricey at $13.50. Looking forward to just buying them at the market and making them at home.
He's the absolute best!
Stay classy GOP (Gang Of Pedophiles)
Disgusting.
Peanut butter on a banana.
Tell me again how he is NOT a racist? Fucking piece of shit.
Go Tulsi!
Shouldn't this already be part of your deal when you sign up? WTF? It's not like there's a money issue when it comes to the military. Yes, this should absolutely be put in place.
These are attacks, not a debate of ideas. Big difference.
Just make sure he's in prison at the end.
Did she even pay to use the stock photo or did she steal it? 
Mostly, FUCK YOU!!
Fuck this guy!
FUCK!!!
Please no.
Why?
It really does.
Disgusting.
Vote progressive!!!
LOL!
What does that say about both of these idiots.
Doubtful.
Orangutans.
He's cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs!
In the past they have.
Vote hard progressive!!
Vote hard progressive in the primaries!! Gut the establishment dems like a fish!!
Nunberg will be in prison soon. That's what happens when you ignore subpoenas.
They can bluster all the want. Vote hard progressive!! That's the best way to gut them from the inside. Suck it DCCC!
Ugh...
Fantastic!!! Do it Texas!! Vote progressive!!
C'mon Texas progressives!! Get out there!  
Young Turks will cover the election this evening.
Pelosi can pound sand.
Village Pizza on Larchmont is my favorite.
Meh....
What a fucking piece of shit!
FUCK!!!
There's the entire internet to post on.
What do you mean? There's the entire internet to post on. Reddit is one place.
I really liked it! It came with some purple cabbage and a side of vegan cheese sauce I didn't care for myself.
LOL! 😆👍
I tried a double like that once. It just didn't work IMHO. I think the patties are too thick. Single stack though, like yours, FYH cheese, Vegan FYH 1000 island, lettuce and tomato and you have a fantastic In-N-Out style cheeseburger!
There will be dancing in the streets when he takes down this orange buffoon!
Absolutely!! Report it to TV and Newspapers!
GOP isn't the only party of dirty tricks! VOTE PROGRESSIVE!!
Don't let it fool you! Vote progressive now!!
Smart guy. Hope he puts them all away for life.
LOL!
What a shit stain.
Yes!
It's a fact, not opinion.
Another fucking clown.
Whether he resigns or is removed is really a moot point. He absolutely does NOT get to go back to his old life after what he has done to this country. He must stand trial for his crimes. Prison must be the punishment. He will be found guilty. No question.
Fuck you, you fucking orange fuck!!
Ugly AF! The notch is a horrible trend. They better keep it off the iPad and all Mac screens.
It's pretty good. But I'm not addicted. I like that they offer though!
Vegan grilled cheese!
Doesn't help the taste. Daiya is just plain gross IMHO. 
Personally, I tried that stuff and it was disgusting. 
LOL!! 
Impossible Burger is available at Fatburger for $8. You can get it skinny style with no bun.
I like both. IMHO Impossible has a better texture, but Beyond Meat has the better flavor.
Whatever works for you. 👍
Awesome!
Nice.
We did it!
Seriously. 
Don't they fill up with mud?
Blue dogs, corporate and establishment dems ALL need to go! Vote progressive now!
Just remember, it comes down to the vote. Get out and vote progressive now!! No more lesser of two evils. Vote progressive now and have a candidate you want to vote for later  in the general!
Disney is notorious for stealing art.
Nope.
WTF?? Get out there guys!!
Dead Corrupt Corporate Coalition. Keep donating and voting for real progressives! Now is the time!!!
Hard progressive left is the only way forward. Goodbye DiFi. Hello Hartson!
Fuck the DCCC we'll do it without them. Vote hard progressive!!!
She would be correct.
Well get out and vote for the progressive anyway!!
Plastic?
I'm more than happy to disagree with you and that's OK. 
Never ever turned it on since it debuted.
Get out and vote progressive! This is the time! No more establishment corporate Dems!! 
You can buy them in the grocery store and make them at home.
They definitely taste different. I think the Impossible Burger has the better texture that's closer to beef but I think the Beyond Meat Burger has a much better flavor. I like them both. I'd love to see In-N-Out offer the Beyond Meat Burger. I've made them at home like a Double-Double and they're amazing! 
Never use it myself.
Lettuce wrap your burgers and have a side salad.
Beyond Meat patties and Impossible Burger patties are about 5 carbs each with 20 grams of protein. 
You haven't had an Impossible Burger or Beyond Meat Burger then.. they're fantastic!
You are very wrong.
Fatburger sells the Impossible Burger for $8.
Veggie Grill (chain) sells the Beyond Burger and Fatburger (chain) sells the Impossible Burger. I've had both many times. They are both fantastic beef substitutes. High in protein fairly low in carbs (around 5 carbs per patty on either brand).
The Impossible Burger does a pretty good job. All plant based. No mushrooms. Fatburger sells them. Give it a try.
Fuck you ATT!!
Meh... I like the original.
Prison time!
Achievement unlocked!
Impossible Burger is $8 at Fatburger. Beyond Meat at the frozen section of the market is about $5 for two.
I'm not calling for it at all. In fact, I would never wish that on anyone. It would be horrible. But when there's no rule of law, it can get pretty ugly. We had a revolution against England for exactly this kind of thing. It's in the history books. I would like to see democracy work and have him voted out. That is the way it's supposed to work. Peaceful transfer of power. 
I love this place. I hope they bring one to Burbank!
No establishment dems!! Vote only hard progressive dems!!
Your statement is very naive. You do realize business is all about politics right? They lobby for shit all the fucking time. They contribute to politicians all the time. You want it separate? You want your chocolate NOT to be in your peanut butter? Get money out of politics. Overturn Citizens United. Amend the constitution to remove money from politics. Wolf-PAC.com
Clown.
The notch really ruins it.
No thanks. Not sold on cell companies security.
I practically never use Amazon Video because it's so bad. They show you like the same 15 films in every category. If this was a separate service from Prime, I'd never sign up for it.
Not only should they not surpress it, they should share it to every social media outlet available.
Gang Of Pedophiles
You think it's funny?
I'm probably in the minority, but I think they are garbage.  About a year ago I had some McD fries. I hadn't had them in at least a decade. Also, I hadn't switched my diet yet. But they tasted awful. Like I could really taste the blandness and could almost detect freezer burn or something. Could have just been a bad batch. Really artificial tasting. I don't generally order fries anyway, but these were especially unappetizing.
Apple motto, if it ain't broke, break it. They're really screwing up the laptops. WTF?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no and HELL NO!!!!
Wow! Was he off his meds?
It's a fact. Period.
Goodbye Rubio you cheap fucking whore. You got your ass handed to you by high school kids. You're done. Good riddance.
Didn't see that coming. /s
Better is subjective of course. In-N-Out fries are a million times better than McDonalds. Just fresh potatoes, sunflower oil, salt.
I thought there was beef tallow in the fries in the US isn't there?
When he speaks, he lies. It's like breathing for him. 
Still...there are better options.
Doubt we'll see it here in the US. But there are better options anyway.
Probably depends on where you live. I've found people don't really care one way or the other.
As long as it isn't Daiya that's a great find! Man I hate that stuff.
We will!
And this is why we are voting progressive - we will gut the DCCC from the inside. Vote for hard progressives. No more corporate establishment dems!! No more muddy middle.
I don't think it would be an extra $5-$10. Whenever I've seen articles or heard discussions of new releases for home viewing concurrent with theatrical releases, the price I've always heard was $35 PER FILM. Not sure how Netflix gets to an additional $10 fee for the month to a $35 per film viewing. That's a pretty hug gap.
This show is killing it! Literally! Everything about it is perfect!
Like every post! You fucking nailed it!
I think most people have moved on from this show. You simply can't string people along forever without a payoff at some point. Might I suggest Ash Vs Evil Dead to wet your gore and fun appetite.
Arming teachers is pure crazy.
iPad, iPhone is one thing. I'll use 'em but I hate 'em. If they get rid of physical keyboards on computers, I'm out. 
Absolfuckinglutely!! No question.
Cadet bone spurs.
What a surprise!! /s
Whatever, daughter-wife.
It's an NRA fantasy. Pure crazy. 
More like not doing ANYTHING!!
Absolutely. I was being generous. Strong progressives moving forward!!
I really miss Halo 2 and 3.
Because you noticed. That was the point.
Clinton, the establishment, lost. You must have forgotten that.
Canned pineapple? Gross.
Two gatorades and a Big Mac? Sounds like she's trying to kill you.
WTF?
Flash forward a decade. Yeah, might bring some new life to this show.
Idiot.
Becoming and old people network? It's been one for almost a decade. Younger people left years ago.
Goodbye DINO. Vote progressive!! #flipthismotherfucker2018
And that's how you get the worst candidates. No more. We're doing this.
LOL!! 
Good guys those Australians!!
Do it! Get out and vote progressive! #flipthismotherfucker
Vote for progressives, not simply Dems.
Vote progressive. Vote for candidates not taking PAC money. Small donations only! No more establishment dems beholden to the corporate interests! Vote for Medicare For All! Vote for $15 minimum wage. Vote for free college tuition!
Now is the time. Time to end the establishment muddy middle corporate Dems. Vote progressive!! #flipthismotherfucker2018
Gun nuts with gun fantasies. No one saw that coming. /s  
When you hit that voting booth, you have more power than any party or platform. You decide. Stick it to the establishment dems. Vote progressive and #flipthismotherfucker2018
And progressives are fighting establishment dems! It's awesome!! #flipthismotherfucker2018
LOL!! What a clown! Prison soon Diaper Donny!!
Which means he won't.
 Vote progressive! Now is the time!! Goodbye middle of the road, corporate Dems!! You're done!
Because they really suck at it.
You are absolutely entitled to your own opinion.
Trump too!
I've heard her speak and I like the platform she's running on.
You really fantasize about this stuff don't you.
Very forgettable.
It ain't no In-N-Out. That's what a hamburger is all about.
Everything is over priced. 
That hurts just reading it. 12 and I'm out.
IOC is quite corrupt. That's why most cities haven't made any money hosting. Rather than us footing the Olympic bill, the IOC should be forking over a shit ton of money to LA. They need us more than we need them.
She's done. Go Alison Hartson!!
And you are very welcome to your opinion on the matter. I disagree. The kids are making it an issue for others. Now they will pay attention.
So were the kids killed and injured at the school. This is how you force change in a bottom line society.
These companies are not the government. NRA still has freedom of speech. They'll have to move to another platform that's all. If the govt. stepped in and forced a ban, that's one thing. That is not what this is at all and in no way infringes on the 1st amendment.
Yes.
Say no to DiFi. Alison Hartson for US Senate!
Yawwwwnnnnn.....
How much is it to rent for a day?
Keep sliding Diaper Donny!! Prison soon!
I guess you'll be voting those clowns out of office then right?
It's a better suggestion than arming teachers with guns.
Hit 'em where it hurts! 👍
I reiterate, thankful you are not a teacher.
Get out there and vote progressive!! No more establishment dems. They're toast!
Let's see it change this year.
We've been ready. Let's talk prison sentences.
Brilliant. Kids caught in a crossfire. Thankful you are not a teacher. 
Cool. Cool, cool, cool.
Arming teachers is not the solution. A crazy NRA fantasy, yes. An actual solution, no. 
The GOP and NRA - ban video games but not guns. WTF??
That's fucking insane.
Worst idea ever.
The NRA wet dream.
LA streets are pretty torn up. Not a giant leap from a trail. Beats sitting in traffic too!
Prison soon Jared!
I ride my mountain bike to work on the street. No biggie. Maxxis Minions.
Nice job on the wings! [But try some fresh green beans.](https://cdn2.tmbi.com/TOH/Images/Photos/37/1200x1200/exps122067_BHR143425B05_13_7b.jpg)
Just hoping there is NO future for the touchbar, or the current keyboard. Get past it Apple. You fucked up. Get back to the good keyboard and keep Touch ID and ditch the touchbar.
After, myself.
Do it!
Nope.
Money needs to be removed completely. 
Nope. Go progressive and we'll win more seats. Go for the muddy middle and you get 2016.
How'd that go with stuck in the muddy middle Clinton? You must love the GOP.
Is that Yves bologna?
This is where we take over the DCCC. Vote progressive!!! 
The most important thing to do right now is vote progressive in the primaries. No more middle of the road establishment dems. They're done.
So even more reason to vote FOR her!
This needs to stop.
As an American, it is FLAT OUT BRIBERY. Always has been. 
Denny's reply: "We're Denny's, what were you expecting?"
Yeah, that's what they do there.
Brian Setzer of The Stray Cats did it better in the 80's.
LaPierre can go fuck himself.
He's a clown like the one in the White House.
Bury Rubio!!! Please vote is ass out!
Sign me up!! Would love to kick Spectrum to the curb!
I have an older Samsung. I doubt it will ever be supported. Chromecast or Roku is the best solution. Or if you're a gamer I think XBONE has it.
Trump: "I never said..." Yes he said.
Trump: "I never did..." Yes he did.

Give the entire DCEU to Patty Jenkins. Her film killed it.
shithole
No nothing orange buffoon.
Stop using banks all together. Find a nice local credit union.
What a fucking clown.
Wow!
Vote out establishment dems. Vote progressive!!
I'm questioning the generation divides used here. They seem pretty off.
And Nazis are very fine folks, right? It's OK to hate Nazis. Really. We had a world war about this. Maybe you heard about it?
Would be better if it came out BEFORE the Nov 6 election.
I hope it's good, but why do a reboot? Just make it original. I don't understand. You can do more with an original show - and you don't have to worry about living in the shadow of an established show - even and old one.
WTF Florida?
It's already happening. Spectrum doesn't offer any plan cheaper than $65 here in Los Angeles. Not even a lower price for seniors. Fucking hate ISPs!!!
Magical!
Don't be upset. It's a learning experience. Water under the bridge. Now you know for next time. Always move forward!
Prison soon Diaper Donny!
If that's Pesto, it ain't vegan. Contains milk.  https://www.pieology.com/wp-content/uploads/pieology-nutrition-info.pdf
Fuck this guy!
I think she's gonna have a stroke on camera any minute. The lying is finally getting to her.
Primaries start this week in a couple of states. Vote progressive and send the GOP and establishment dems packing!
Stop voting for these assholes and vote progressive!
Ash Vs Evil Dead is pretty awesome.
Sounds like it's a good time to move on from what I understand.
The end to a terrible, horrible line of movies. Kudos!
WTF?

And we evolve and change laws in this country as time moves forward. 
No disrespect intended towards anyone except Trump.
I can live with nutjobs publishing names and addresses of owners over nutjobs shooting kids, or anyone else for the matter. Oh, the ban would be extensive. Not just AR-15. I said "to start with". A right to bear arms in a well regulated militia does not mean a right to every weapon ever made. You can absolutely make a list of what should be banned and what should be available. It can also be amended it as time goes on with other makes and models. Of course, restricting availability of firearms to unstable people goes along with it. So yeah, we don't have to ban Toyota Camry's. But we can ban weapons of mass homicide. 
"Donald Trump Claims He..." is always followed by a lie.
Just copy the DMV and autos. But should be federal so it's the same across the states. Must meet age requirement. Must pass written and practical tests. Must renew every two years. Must register and pay registration fees every year. Must show license and proof on insurance. And certain types of weapons are simply not allowed to be owned or authorized. We can start with that AR-15 these nuts all love so much.
Ooops!
But Bernie has the correct agenda!
Hey, if she or anyone on her campaign broke the law, absolutely. But let's make sure we get everyone - nobody gets off if they broke the law....including Putin's cock-holster sitting in the White House.
Yes.
Rather have Touch ID over Face ID and no glass back. Viva la iPhone 7!!
Fuck establishment dems!
This.
Having way more fun watching Ash vs Evil Dead. A million more gallons of blood and gore and it's a lot of fun. 
I don't know...were there good moments after Glen died? Hmmm....
That's pretty shitty of them, but then again Sony is a #shitholecompany. I'm sorry they did this to you. Maybe try tweeting the head of the company? Sometimes stuff like that works. The whole concept of a non-changeable ID in the first place a stupid idea - but again, it's Sony, so business as usual. 
Might be time to move out of this place with the #shitholepresident and go some where the government takes care of its people.
Is that a young Vladimir Putin?
Well....they work.
Even long before this!
Great job Jack! 😊👍
So you admit you are blind.
He doesn't care about anything but himself. He couldn't give two fucks about this country. If you don't see that you are blind.
Why do you think he wants the wall? It's not to keep people out, but to keep them in. He's trying to turn the entire country into a camp.
👍
So good!
Paul Ryan, the biggest pussy in Congress. 
Inept, incompetent, ignorant, immoral, indifferent, imbecile, idiot, infant. He's the iPresident.
There's no way all these guys go down and Trump walks away. Prison soon Diaper Donny!
[Uh huh....](https://www.tesla.com/blog/all-our-patent-are-belong-you)
I can be pro Bernie and pro Musk. Both are bringing us into a fantastic future. 
He's really pushing hard to bottom out. It's bold strategy Cotton, let's see if it pays off for him.
Jalapeños  - you're doing it right! 👍
More than half! Not just half!
Really nice!
It's been time for a long, long time.
They've always sucked at Olympic coverage. Always.
Prison soon Diaper Donny.
I sure hope not.
Truth
They're absolute crap. Del Taco still bests The Bell even on its worst day.
Demonstrate outside next time.
Well, duh...
Really cool except that god awful pink and gold.
Randy has got to win. Fuck Ryan!
Ugh..
What illegals campaigned? If they are undocumented, attention is the last thing they are looking for.
Ads are paid.
Yes you are missing something.  A 2011 U.S. District Court ruling based on the 2002 law. The judges said that the law bans foreign nationals "from making expenditures to expressly advocate the election or defeat of a political candidate
We already know what type of piece of shit human being he is. True or untrue, doesn't really matter at this point. 
Maybe I expected too much? Probably not. Yeah, considering TB has taken years to finally make fries, they really should go back to the drawing board IMHO. Was not worth the wait.
Truly some of the worst fries I've ever had. Soggy and taste horrible. TB should just go back to not having fries again. 
Ouch! 8 months!!
Fuck the establishment 
OK, so which progressive is gonna run against him here in Burbank, CA? 
FUCK PAI!!!
This guys knows.
LOL!! Karma's a bitch!
I'd like to see them split the offerings. Give me the same stuff minus sports for half the price. Otherwise, it's just cable all over again.
Wait for it.....the $79.99 iCoaster acessory for your HomePod - in matching colors.
That would be great!
I hope it's possible to eliminate channels from the live list. I'd zap every sports channels there right now.
Thank you. I thought I was the only one.
Nope. 
Throw mom under the bus...WTF?
WTF? Somethings are just a given dude, water is wet, fire is hot, and you keep other countries from meddling in our elections.
I'd rather see Hartson replace Feinstein.
I enjoyed it, but I still don't understand why it's a prequel? It didn't need to be shoehorned into the decade before Kirk. The entire show could easily take place after Voyager, the whole "war" could have been with a different race and another Vulcan character could have been her surrogate father. Everything still works and it allows the newer advanced tech to exist without messing up continuity.
Yup! My Garmin Fenix 3 lasts about a week and a half on a single charge.
Already exists, it's called a railroad.
Steampunk Annie is amazing.
Have anything but buyers remorse, but then again, I went with an iPhone 7 at half the price of the X and never went to iOS 11. 
It's been for old people for a long time.
Or anyone else for that matter. He cares about one thing, Trump. He is a piece of shit.
This guy knows.
Really well done.
Smart girl.
Justice Democrats have basically taken up Bernie's platform.
Sums up all those movies after the first one.
Ya think?
Nope. No Pelosi. We need someone who's for universal healthcare.
Throw her out and put someone in there who is for universal healthcare.
But, animated emojis and stickers guys!!!!  /s
Why is there even a penny for a wall you said Mexico was going to pay for you orange piece of shit?
Apple admits iOS 11 was shit.
Yet Trump is still allowed to post.
Fuck the GOP and Trump!
He's a piece of shit.
Replicator
Desalination!
Pass.
I've got a Garmin Fenix 3. Great for running. Notoriously inaccurate for MTB. Miles are generally pretty close to my buddies that use Garmin bike computers and phones. Climbing is almost always off by about 200-250ft though.  I also record rides with Strava on my phone and it's much closer to all the other guys than the Fenix. But it's handy for at least some sort of gauge of what we've ridden as we go. 
Shocker!! /s
Or sick of eating that shitty food.
So awesome! Congrats to Elon and SpaceX!!
Gave up on the built in app. Gmail just works Especially search.
Projection, projection, projection.... even in 2014
It was even more impressive at night with the lights on the rotors.
No.
👍
If you can do it for the banks, you can do it for the students.