With the PC port being a bit of a mess, would this be the best version to play? Or is the PC version fixed with mods now?
I believe he was saying PC looks way better than N64 even back when the game was first released for both.
> And then there are cool things you can do with regexes, which I can't remember off the top of my head...

I believe you're talking about regex capture group support in pattern matching, which is (pardon my french) really friggin' sweet.

From [the docs](https://www.scala-lang.org/api/2.12.3/scala/util/matching/Regex.html), you can define a regular expression's capture groups and then utilize those in your pattern matching.

So for example:

    val date = raw"(\d{4})-(\d{2})-(\d{2})".r
    
    "2004-01-20" match {
      case date(year, month, day) => s"$year was a good year for PLs."
    }

The more I use Scala (and of course, other functional languages with these kinds of features) the more amazed I am that more people haven't tried them out. They really open your mind to what kind of language features are possible in a high-level programming language. I ran into Scala's regex support myself while adding a patch to the Play Framework a while back to support ANSI SQL comment syntax, which ended up just being a regex fix.
Also a much simpler version of `match` from Scala :)

Though, I wish alternatives like the one in the article supported advanced pattern matching... Seems only more functional languages like Scala and Haskell support that for now but it would be great if more languages could allow that functionality as well.

EDIT: Example for those curious:

---

In Scala for example, you have the Option[T] type much like Optional<T> in Java 8. This has two main subtypes: Some[T] and None, which is a subtype of Option[Nothing]. If the value exists, it will be something like `Some(myVal)`, otherwise it will be None. In a language with pattern matching like this, I can simultaneously check if the value is there *and* get the value inside of it in a single line, like this (scala example):

    optionalVal: Option[String] match {
      case Some(myVal) => println(myVal)
      case None => println("Value does not exist")
    }

You can also do this in languages like Haskell with [pattern matching, guards, and case expressions](http://learnyouahaskell.com/syntax-in-functions).
We should form a league to fight for this justice.
Bayonetta 1, chapter 2 when the boss shows up at the end. If I had a nickel for every time I've accidentally died to that on a new playthrough...
I think it's less about GDPR and more about them using it as a coincidentally good time to shut it down since it seems like the game has been dead-ish for a very long time now.
That's not always possible if you don't own all of the services, and it's a little expensive to be testing for types when that's something you should be able to assume with the syntax, right?

Scala.js does it by usually mapping to classes. You specify something like a function that checks for types at a certain JSON path, and if any of them for a given object type are missing, it returns an error instead (like Either). For example, the Play JSON library lets you just specify your case class as a parameter and it will instantly generate the code necessary to logically map a parsed JSON object to your type. It even works with lists and nested object types. Look into it sometime, it's pretty convenient and there are lots of libraries that take advantage of this kind of mapping using strong types.
That's basically what I said but the problem is that Typescript's types get erased at runtime. You can't validate something matches an interface or generate code to match it whereas you can in a language that keeps its types when transpiled like Scala.js

Though nothing is stopping anyone from reading in a typescript interface to generate validation code before compile time, which might be nice.
A common misunderstanding -- which is understandable given that I've fallen into the same trap.

TypeScript has no runtime validation of JSON objects because no type information is provided at runtime, only compile time. So if you do:

    let parsedObj = JSON.parse(someObj) as MyInterface // Or similar to this

You get an object that *claims* to be typed in that interface, but might not actually be at runtime. You'll still run into the same errors you would as normal JavaScript. Go ahead and try it out if you don't believe me.

The only truly viable way to do this is to manually type check every field you're pulling into your classes. Some libraries in other transpile-to-JS languages do this for you, but since TypeScript is meant to be a superset of pure JavaScript that doesn't affect the runtime, it can't actually encode interfaces in your compiled program. They're only there to provide local type safety at compile time.
TypeScript is not strongly typed so that doesn't work. If you have a shared class model on the client and server, you can never actually validate that it's correct sending things back and forth without extensive manual type-checking at runtime or some redundant thing like a JSON schema library. TypeScript only protects you from type errors you make yourself within the confines of your application, not when integrating with other applications, sadly. And I say this as someone who has a lot of respect and appreciation for TypeScript.
Code reuse in many cases, while it sounds like a great idea everywhere, can introduce coupling where you least expect and make it a hassle to update front-end and back-end applications once divergent behavior or expectations starts to emerge.

By and large, if you're following things like Domain Driven Design in your services you're supposed to be following the ideal that every service you write "owns" certain data that reflects the specific domain model, more generally a bounded context. Common logic should really just be kept in a single service, not shared between applications, unless it's some generic concept like DI, parsing, external models, etc.

EDIT: And it sucks that you can't have type validation at runtime for TypeScript classes without some wizardry in JavaScript, so sharing things like class models is almost entirely useless in a weakly-typed language anyway. At least if you were using some other language that transpiles to JS (Scala.js is quite robust in my experience) you can get strong typing in JavaScript. I've used a few libraries in these other languages that let you, say, parse and validate JSON against nothing more than a type definition without needing some redundant thing like a JSON schema library with definitions you have to define separately from your actual classes. So JavaScript just outright sucks for sharing models, which is pretty much the only reasonable thing to share in my experience.
Ack I meant to cross out that part about the LTS releases. I was confused a bit by some other pages of theirs but my main point still stands that Java is free. Going forward you aren't really supposed to use Java as part of your operating system install anyway as it'll be bundled with applications that aren't on servers. This is more of a developer issue I think and even then most code should continue to work on latest versions.

I don't think it's wrong to be concerned though. It's a little silly how people are misinterpreting this though.
[Seems you're right to some degree](https://blogs.oracle.com/java-platform-group/faster-and-easier-use-and-redistribution-of-java-se).  The plan seems to be that once Oracle JDK and OpenJDK are interchangeable, you can just switch over to OpenJDK if you need continued free support.
The part where you're implying that people can't use Java for free anymore which is complete bullshit. People are free to use OpenJDK (which is fully supported by Oracle, for free, in perpetuity under the GPL) in the event that people won't be able to use Oracle's proprietary distribution.

Also you're obviously playing semantics. It's the current version of "Java 8" which is the current LTS release that will be supported the longest. The actual current version is Java 10, but that's more of a minor release before the next LTS (Java 11). The OpenJDK will receive public updates for every version of Java going forward.

Also if you **actually read the page you linked** it says nothing about versions of Java past 8. Just that people should pay for support *OR* upgrade to a new version (the word "or" being key).
For commercial support, yes, but not for business use of Java itself. OpenJDK should be functionally equivalent to the Oracle version and what people should use if they want free Java. This is not Oracle saying Java is no longer free, it's saying that the "main" version of Java most people should be using is the open-source one, whereas businesses that need longer support windows should pay for the Oracle version.
I think the most complicated thing I've ever had to do with SBT was figure out the changing syntax between older versions and 0.13 -> 1.x when going through some outdated tutorials. Second most complicated thing was using that newer syntax to specify how to run a task Gradle-style using a subproject in the folder. Neither of those things are anywhere near what most people will need today for their projects.

SBT has its problems, as does any complicated build tool really (I still have trouble with Maven and Gradle), but I agree for this use case it's just easier to set something basic up so people can get familiar with it. The majority of what most people will ever need to do with SBT anyway is just add their dependencies and change the project version. Maybe configure package publishing or docker but that's easy with a couple plugins.
> hell, half of them aren't even aware that something beyond java 8 exists at the moment!

That's hilarious, I saw a couple comments like that myself. /r/sysadmin seems pretty disconnected from 1) the actual text in the link provided, 2) the current state of software development, and 3) the fact that supporting an LTS release after **5 years** for free is kind of ridiculous to demand of any company, even Oracle.
Depends what their LTS support cycle is like. According to [this support roadmap](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/eol-135779.html) they haven't decided how long they'll support the next LTS formally. Should probably be until whenever the next LTS comes out, which sounds reasonable to me.

EDIT: [Seems like OpenJDK will be the future of "free Java" going forward starting at Java 11](https://blogs.oracle.com/java-platform-group/faster-and-easier-use-and-redistribution-of-java-se)
You can continue to use Java whatever version as long as you want. Free. Forever. You just won't get any more security updates unless you upgrade (EDIT: using OpenJDK instead; LTS releases are paid support now).

I would suggest not holding out on those upgrades, if you can :)
> don't we want Oracle to make more money

I would agree you up until that point ;)

But yes Java deserves to be supported by someone. If that's Oracle of all places, sure, why not, as long as they're paying the devs. It's completely unreasonable for people to want Java 8 (and specifically that version - or older) to be supported longer than the cut-off date Oracle's supplied.

If I were a business that had a programming language and people were telling me to kill myself because I didn't want to support a specific major version of the language past 5 years I'd tell them to kindly shove their concerns somewhere else. This is the same kind of behavioral crap that got Microsoft into problems moving people off of Windows XP back in the day.
Hey OP you're spreading misinformation. This is for support for old versions of Java, NOT for continued support on the most recent versions. You should make a clarifying statement and edit your post.
It's amazing how much FUD there is here. You do not need licensing for business use! You only need licensing to continue using Oracle's JDK after the LTS window is up. In this case, Java 8, which was released **four years ago** and will be nearly **five** by the time the LTS period is up, is going to be unsupported. Just move to OpenJDK by that point.

This is **not** about Oracle saying "screw you, pay us to use Java". This is to get some extra cash flow out from companies that refuse to upgrade. I hate Oracle as much as the next guy but you guys need to be fair and actually try to understand what's going on before yelling and screaming that the world is over when this is very clearly the exact same thing they've been doing for years.

EDIT: some clarifications
Wow it's amazing how much FUD there is in that link. Oracle never "quietly announced" anything. This is plainly obvious to anyone who has been following Java development. Furthermore, they are *not* forcing anyone to pay anything. Only if you want to stick to an older version of Java past the initial free wave of support you have to pay. This has been their business model for a while now. ~~Just hop from LTS to LTS if you have to and don't want to bump your Java version twice a year.~~

EDIT: Seems like [Oracle is actually not providing their own LTS releases for OpenJDK going forward](https://blogs.oracle.com/java-platform-group/faster-and-easier-use-and-redistribution-of-java-se), so you would have to bump your version twice a year unless you want to pay for LTS. But really, if you write your applications well and keep them up-to-date with the Java ecosystem you shouldn't have problems with the underlying runtime being upgraded in most cases.

Like I hate Oracle as much as the next guy but damn at least *try* to be fair and not reactionary.
Not a Java specific thing but look into learning reactive streams as a concept. I think the best starting place right now is the Project Reactor library that is built for Java 8 support, but Java 9 has its own implementation of the standard. Then there's also RxJava and Akka Streams which work on Java and have their own properties you might like.
My Wii's disc drive crapped out towards the end of the generation so the only way I could get it to run anything was with Homebrew USB loaders. This kind of thing is really pleasant and makes using your console so much easier once you've set it up, too. Plus it looks and feels nice to just launch a digital game from a shiny menu instead of foraging for the disc IMO.
Eh I just like the simplicity of not having to worry about all of those different options if I always want to use them. I can always make an alias but that isn't so clean to me.
I'm exploring Akka and the utility of actors as a concurrency model to help build a small application that can take advantage of event sourcing. I have some questions about the intended "patterns" I should try to use with actors in my situation. A brief description of my problem domain is as follows:

I'm writing basically a glorified to-do list that works like a directed graph. Each node is a "goal" that has some attributes and references some data related to some media item (movie, book, game, tv series). All of the top-level nodes will refer to the set of all "current" goals that are being worked on, and goals are removed from the graph when they are finished, setting the next goal nodes as "current".

I'm wondering if it makes structural sense to model this kind of graph structure using actors, or to see if it would make sense to use some other concurrency abstraction. I'd like to do things like, say, execute reminder notifications at a certain time for each working node, or to be able to communicate with other nodes in order to distribute the graph structure and keep track of changes. At the very least, using actors for the currently-active goals and persisting the others until necessary seems like it's reasoable enough, albeit less flexible in terms of asynchronous messages coming from nodes (like, what if a goal you haven't started yet wants to send a notification or reminder to hurry up?)

With that out of the way, here are my questions:

* With akka actors, am I wasting my time if most of my actors do not have any kind of internal state? It seems to me like akka excels at stateful concurrency by enforcing a single task to execute at any given time for some data. Which of course is why I think it would make sense for my use case, but if I had a different use case, would I maybe be better off with just using some other concurrency abstraction?
* Where would reactive streams come into this? I'm familiar with Reactive Extensions, Project Reactor, Monix, etc. but I've never used Akka Streams. Can I just use a library I'm already familiar with or does Akka Streams somehow play better with actors?
* I've looked into Lagom quite a bit and it seems fascinating, albeit a little "magical" in how it handles things behind the scenes. One thing I find interesting is how "Persistent Entities" in Lagom are gotten rid of if they haven't been used in a while, for efficiency's sake. With Akka Persistence, is such a mechanism easily doable on my own?

Thanks in advance if anyone can point me in the right direction on this. I'll continue playing around with Akka, Lagom and other frameworks and abstractions but I thought I'd put this out there to see what people have to say.
>* It shows the most popular packages at the bottom by default

Sorry trizen but our love affair was brief. I've found another.
I agree it's a good read. It's an interesting set of tradeoffs they have to make and I can completely understand why they're going the route they are. No hatred or FUD about Rider from me, just interested what's going to happen in the future. Thanks for the link for those who haven't seen it.
I haven't seen so much "hate" as much as general criticism. One of the things IIRC is that it doesn't seem to take advantage of the integrations provided by the compiler these days and is instead doing things in the same, potentially slow internal model that they've used in ReSharper for years. As the C# compiler keeps improving and gets better integration with other editors and IDEs (especially Visual Studio itself) the need for something like ReSharper and Rider will diminish significantly over time, and they might even get left behind on some functionality or features that are enabled through the compiler.
I think it's great that they're embracing the Language Server Protocol for Scala. It's really a language that needs it what with its sometimes complex types. IntelliJ's support in their Scala plugin is very good but users really shouldn't have to be tied to a single IDE and its occasional bugs.
You can take a look [at the Dotty website](http://dotty.epfl.ch/blog/index.html) which has an extensive reference of new features. Click "Reference" and browse the listing that appears in the site menu. The Overview section is pretty detailed and you can go into more detail on the other new features as you want by category.

EDIT: Rewrote last sentence.
This is painful to read and is filled with inaccuracies and strange statements from start to finish. I could maybe write some of these off if the writer's first language isn't English but some of these assertions make no sense, like this example:

>Since the docker appeared and containers technology (LXC) became mature, high performance systems that need to be executed in isolation use containers rather than JVM. Containers, unlike JVM, allows much more flexible and efficient resource management avoiding intermediate overheads.

Application runtime VMs and containers are completely orthogonal and solve different problems entirely. I don't really get the point of this at all. It's also strangely listed under the Scala section only when it would apply to several others. It reads like factoid-filled blogspam instead of providing any meaningful critique or insight.
I love Scala. I unironically think it's one of the most advanced and interesting languages around these days. It's not so hip anymore yeah but it is definitely a major influence on pretty much every new language for better or worse so it has that going for it. I use it for a lot of my personal projects. Honestly I think its only major downside is being tied to Java compatibility. Like I get why they did it entirely and it is a huge benefit but it introduces null, messes with things like type erasure, and makes it a little hard to properly optimize some functional things with the compiler. It's a two edged sword but mostly a good thing in the end. Maybe it would be better if they brought back the .NET runtime for it.
Nah they're not very popular so it's understandable. Most people only really talk about X1-5 with maybe 6 getting some but not much love. 7 (and to a lesser extent 8) are not so great and were ignored by the fans for the most part in favor of the Zero series which was a lot closer to what they wanted in terms of level design and game feel.
Nope it's BS. I assume people are just joking about it back and forth.
450? Haha, that's cute... ^somebody ^^please ^^^send ^^^^help
It's true that Far Cry 2 isn't exactly universally loved, but the people who do love it exist and continuously write about it. I've read articles over the years from various websites talking about the interesting mechanics and design decisions of Far Cry 2. I was first introduced to the game, actually, from the Tone Control podcast where they interviewed the game designer years after the fact and discussed things that made the game what it was. I thought it was fascinating and picked the game up as a result, and came to many of my own conclusions.

Like the game is clearly far from perfect. But I can't deny how much fun I had playing it, the constant feeling of tension and the interesting world-building. Far Cry 3 is even better in many respects, but it also does some things worse than 2 which made it more "rough" and "raw". I think there's room for comparing 2 to any other game in the series, really, as it has numerous things that later games never tried to do similarly that make it stand out as an interesting artifact of game design. In this case, I was comparing the story and general atmosphere. 5 feels a lot less serious overall and doesn't go as far with the story as 2 did, even though 2 arguably could have gone farther.

And for the record, I think Far Cry 5 is the bomb. It does a lot of things right that Far Cry 2 and onward didn't do, but it also does some things worse. I think there's room for a balanced critique of each game. Some elements can be good or even great, even in a game that many people think is mediocre.
RLM = Red Letter Media. They're a really popular youtube channel of some guys from Wisconsin who critique movies ("Half in the Bag"), watch crappy movies and discuss them for fun ("Best of the Worst"), re-review older movies ("Re:view"), etc. They've got a great sense of humor and they're one of my favorite youtube channels as a result.

That said, their popularity means they have a legion of people who just blindly follow whatever they think or say about anything. Like any youtuber, really, but RLM is popular enough that it can become annoying over in, say, /r/Movies to hear people reiterate many of their viewpoints verbatim.

One particularly interesting example is the "Plinkett Reviews" series where one of the members plays an older, disturbed man who spends his days cynically reviewing movies like the Star Wars prequels. A lot of the modern meme culture surrounding the prequels comes from those reviews since they got so popular and presented the prequels as terrible garbage. Whether or not you agree with that is up to you but either way I think the reviews are funny.

So in this case, people are saying, "Hey, you can't have that opinion on that thing because you don't actually believe that; you're just repeating what [some popular youtuber] said!" Except in my case I wasn't repeating anyone and honestly just liked Far Cry 2 a lot. I don't think I've ever seen whatever video people are talking about. But it does happen and people need to be aware of the phenomenon.
I've been a fan of Far Cry 2 for years. As have many other people. This isn't some recent phenomenon, but it's brought up because there's a new Far Cry game and every time there's a new Far Cry game people always tend to compare it to previous entries in the series. Is that really so strange?
What one video? You're acting as if everybody just suddenly started liking this game when it has actually had a very strong cult following for years. I played the game on its own and thought that it did some very interesting things with the world-building and game mechanic design. The game also got some pretty good reviews from media outlets as well so it's not like you can argue that the game was critically panned either. I think that in this case you just can't possibly understand why somebody likes something differently than you, and you're taking it out on people like me when in reality I'm just capable of enjoying something that you can't.
Being disappointed with an element in a game doesn't mean it's hated. I for one am  disappointed myself that they never really attempted to even go as far as Far Cry 2 with it which wasn't even that far. I'd love a serious Far Cry game again that tackled social issues or at least tried to. The game is great fun though and the arcade alone is going to give it a long lifespan. I'm pretty much ignoring the campaign for the multiplayer at the moment because it's just that engaging.

EDIT: It's amazing to me that there seem to be so many people who don't realize that Far Cry 2 has had a strong fan following for years since its release. Like everybody just started liking it "all of a sudden" and that nobody actually liked the game at all when it came out. The denial and confusion is hilarious; are people really this sheltered in their beliefs that they can't understand why groups of people can like or appreciate elements of something that they can't? Is it morally or ethically wrong to like the game? You guys crack me up. The game is divisive but that doesn't mean it never had fans or people who appreciated things it was trying to do, even if those things could have been improved. To me it's like the NieR of open world shooters. It's raw, kinda unpolished, but it has heart where it counts and you can tell they tried to make something very unique for its time.
Nah it's not Bloodborne 2. The tease seems to be a sequel or reboot of Shadow Tower from what other people gather.
Firewatch is one of my favorite games of its kind. It really explores the possibilities of an interactive narrative in gaming, not by giving you extensive freedom of choice but by being a metacommentary on the kinds of stories we come to expect from games. The entire moral of the story is that we often play games or get wrapped up in diversions and adventures as a distraction to our real problems in the real world, and I think that was executed beautifully with how the story develops throughout.

The more people who play this game, the better. It's really something unique that utilizes the medium very well. It pulls you into your character and has you go through the same emotional highs and lows to great effect. It's a lot more than just a series of QTEs by using an immersive atmosphere from start to finish to draw you in.
Before it launched, sure, but definitely after the Vita's price was announced. That was the straw that broke the camel's back with the price. And it was the right move.

EDIT: Which is to say, Nintendo knows that their games sell. When they don't, they know what to do. Nintendo's all about preserving a "premium" price for their games and I think it works.
Cave Story and Binding of Isaac for Switch.

To be fair, in Binding of Isaac's case the $40 price is because it included all of the DLC content and if you buy all of the content at once, not on sale, for PC it's a similar price. Cave Story, while more expensive than many other ports, is totally worth the price though IMO. A real masterpiece, even if it's a port of a port of an enhancement over the free original.
That pricing mistake lasted maybe 6 months and was corrected promptly. It was pretty much only because the Vita launched at the same price and outperformed the 3DS in nearly every respect. Nintendo has never really had any other instance where they've given anything a sudden price drop like that. It's almost unheard of. Maybe some of their less popular games will go on sale from time to time but that is the clear exception to the rule, and it had everything to do with Sony one-upping them by coincidence.
> (inheritance remains a staple of the top three popular programming languages

"Remains a staple", or "built into the design of its biggest libraries and language features?" It's hard to change something when you have a solid foundation around it already and people expect it to work like that. Newer languages tend to not have this problem as much so you get libraries that are made with more modern programming ideas in mind, and the smaller the language the easier it is to shift the community over from one style to another. See Clojure and Scala for how their communities basically control how the language works year-to-year due to the languages' flexibility; in Scala (and Haskell) I'm a particularly big fan of "type classes" for example, and those are used in libraries like Cats which help to remove a lot of class-based boilerplate in projects by relying in the innate properties of your data and providing ad-hoc polymorphism.

> Also, when you talk about inheritance, you need to be specific: inheritance of interfaces or inheritance of implementation?

I believe the person above you was talking about single-inheritance of a specific base class. Not polymorphism in general, just a specific way of doing it (like, "Cat is an Animal (but nothing else), Dog is an Animal (but nothing else)")

> The only theoretical drawback that's been thrown at inheritance is the fragile base class problem, a problem that pretty much hardly ever happens in practice.

For me the biggest downside is that it's just a lot harder to compose things together if you base on single-inheritance. Everything extends from some parent class but that's not always the best way to model objects and when it comes time to refactor and reorganize your logic, it just kind of collapses in on itself. You can get a much more clean design in many cases if you use things like traits and type classes (and you mention traits yourself as something that newer languages get right, so I agree with you there).
Please do. It's amazing.
And this, ladies and gentlemen, is why Nintendo games don't go for deep sales as much as others. Lots of redditors complain about it but really, knowing that their games are "premium" and will stay that way price-wise for years is a great motivator for people to just buy them and get it over with if they're thinking about it. Unlike Steam games where I'll admit I have hundreds and hundreds of games I've paid less than $5 for on average. Great for me, kinda shitty for the devs.
TMNT got pretty bad reviews last I checked but I've played Transformers and can say it's very fun. Nowhere near Bayonetta or MGR levels of quality but way better than Korra. It's a decent length and had incredible combat but the ntire game feels recycled every level.
> The quick doc

This is more or less what I was referring to by "read the docs". As in, you don't need IDE support to figure out what's going on. You can do the exact same thing with Scala of course.

It's interesting that you also bring up that with Kotlin you have the reverse problem for changing nullable to required, so really it only eliminates work in half the cases. Still, it seems convenient, albeit not really my style since it's not type-based but at least it's something over Java right?
Thanks! I was actually debating handling it that way but thought that "foreach" was confusing because there's only 0 or 1 values in an Option. Also wanted to show pattern matching to control program flow and make the "none" case more explicit. But that way certainly works and is more simple when you don't really need to worry about the other case. 
> This extra step to wrap x is just a noise, it doesn't confer any useful information to the reader.

Sure it does. It shows that the method being used takes in an optional parameter. That way you don't have to read the docs on the method being used to understand that.

> Now if you ever change foo to accept regular T, you would have to go through your code and change every call site to remove unnecessary Some.

As would be the case with literally any other type of refactoring, yes. Nothing special about that.

The problem with that automatic approach though is that it cannot be provided at the type level without being an implicit conversion from one type to another, so you'd be effectively needing to add "if null"-style methods like that to *everything*. Or, you can just wrap it in a proper type like Some and get methods like map, flatmap, etc. So yes, you do have to do a little more refactoring on some (pun intended) occasions, but this is a trade-off with much greater explicit descriptions of what's actually happening with monadic wrappers.
Why would you ever want to do that, though? To me that just reeks of a code smell. Either something should be explicitly optional or it is not. That's what I love about Scala's approach, since it is type-based instead of baked into the language core, it relies on explicit declarations of what you expect to be there.

EDIT: I never said it was the same. What I meant to imply is that using null/empty values is similar in both languages, not *exactly* the same, just effectively in practice for most cases (hence the qualifier "much"). One lets you deal with nulls using a language feature, the other explicitly forces optional values to be wrapped. Dealing with those is similar, though Scala does have extra monadic implications you can take advantage of.
You're not wrong in general. With the Scala ecosystem however, null is never an issue unlike the Java ecosystem depending on it. The prevalence of Option[T] means that practically nulls never show up except when calling Java code. Basically all you have to do with Scala is check where you're using Java methods that can return null and wrap those in Option. 

For methods that can be used from Java, you can do something like this:

    val args = (Option(arg1), Option(arg2))
    args match {
        case (Some(first), Some(second)) => // use first and second here
        case _ => // something is null, error
    }
I think a major difference though between Java/C++ and Scala is that null is "idiomatic" in those languages. You use libraries that rely on null values, null inputs, null everywhere. Dealing with null is just part of the daily usage of the language. Scala does not have that historic baggage. It does support null, due to Java interop, but it does not use it at all within Scala-land for the most part. Idiomatic Scala does not use null at all, whereas historically Java and C++ relied on it for day-to-day usage and you can see this in every major Scala library or project using Option[T] instead, or similar. So theoretically yes I'd agree we need a better approach, but for now in Scala it's not nearly as bad as Java. Not by a long shot.

EDIT: I guess my main point really is that, yes, it's a "problem" but completely overblown. And I also prefer the monadic library approach than langauge-level. I'd rather null not exist at all though, and preventing null might come in a future update as it is being discussed for the future with Scala 3+.
I wouldn't call Scala's features "baggage" at all. It's a different language with its own quirks for sure but it's also a lot more than a "better Java" like Kotlin is. Whether or not to use Scala or Kotlin, in my view, is whether or not you need what Scala provides or prefer its functional style. If all you need is a better Java then Kotlin's great. Scala's improvements are really only "baggage" if you maybe dive a little too deep for your use case.
> No, it doesn't. Scala's approach is a library, Kotlin's nullability is enforced by the compiler.

This is true, I should mention that, but that's really the only difference, and it's completely preventable in Scala using the proper abstractions and code reviews.

Furthermore, Kotlin's null handling doesn't compose properly in some cases because of it being a language-level feature. See [this post from the Scala subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/scala/comments/7ru8bt/what_do_people_think_of_the_kotlin_null_type/) where some people give their thoughts, positively and negatively.

EDIT: some extra thoughts
Personally I'm more than happy with the way Scala handles it explicitly as a type in the standard library. I'd rather have a monadic type than a language-level construct anyway. The only real problem comes from the Java interop and returning null. Maybe compiling methods that return null could be deprecated in a future version, or you can always use a linter.
Not "automatically" but it is much more explicit while being concise, which I think is a good thing. Here's the Scala equivalent:

    def foo(bar: String): Unit {
        Option(bar) match {
            case Some(string) => use(string)
            case None => // handle nothing here
        }
    }

At least as concise, and not as imperative. I'll go and update the parent post with this example as well. This way is a much more declarative way of specifying what to do if a value is missing or null.
Thanks! Completely agreed on all points.

Also I've updated the pattern matching example and also described how Scala handles assignment which is somewhat different than Kotlin.
Pretty much every one of these is also covered by Scala in my experience. In fact, Kotlin comes from JetBrains liking a lot of the features originally present in Scala but without a lot of what makes Scala a more complex language. Going through your list:

> Equality

Default behavior in Scala is to compile `==` to `.equals()` so you get value equality by default.

> Data classes

Scala has Case Classes which seem to have directly inspired Kotlin's Data Classes. They're especially useful for pattern matching or macros. One feature I use a lot with Scala's (don't know if this is in Kotlin's, so forgive my ignorance) is that you can create one from an equivalent tuple. So if you have a class that's String, String, Int and you have a Tuple3 `tuple` that's type (String, String, Int) you can create an object of that case class type with `.tupled(tuple)`. Very helpful when dealing with certain grouped data without names yet.

> Switch

Scala has an immensely powerful pattern matching expressions that work similarly and have even more utility than Kotlin's `when`. They look like:

    val result = someInt match {
        case 1 => true
        case _ => false
    }

In the above example, someInt is matched to a boolean and evaluates to `true` if it equals 1, and `false` otherwise. You can do some extra things with this, like so:

    val result = person match {
        case Person("Bob", age) => age == 12
        case _ => false
    }

In the above example, you're matching the contents of `person` entirely using its Case Class type. The first `case` expression says that if `person` is a `Person` with the name "Bob", assign its age to the temporary value `age` and return whether or not his age is 12. Otherwise, return false.

> Nullability

Works much the same way in Scala (EDIT: but without compile-time guarantees, which can be fixed with a linter or general code style). If you deal with only Scala code you're probably never going to find a null, only an `Option[T]`.

Here's an example of wrapping a possibly null value in an Option and handling it, using pattern matching:

    def foo(bar: String): Unit {
        Option(bar) match {
            case Some(string) => use(string)
            case None => // handle nothing here
        }
    }

The Scala standard library never returns null in standard usage, and neither do any of the major Scala libraries. Working in Scala alone is a mostly null-free experience, and when working with Java you can just wrap things in `Option[T]`. You can still get NPEs when working with Java but for the most part, if you apply some basic common sense and read up on documentation for possibly null methods, you'll be fine. **EDIT:** I'd like to stress though that even though, in practice, the result is similar it is not exactly the same and I never meant to give that impression at all. Scala's approach is monadic using types whereas Kotlin's is baked into the language. Both have their pros and cons but I prefer the Scala style, though I do wish it had compile-time null safety.

> Assignment

**EDIT:** One thing that Scala does differently than Kotlin is assignment. In Kotlin, as you mention, assignment is a statement, but in Scala it is an expression that returns `Unit`, essentially the "void" type. This is different from Java as well because Java returns the assigned value. The idea is that it performs better returning Unit, though I wouldn't know for sure. The end result is something similar to Kotlin's implementation though because you can't really do anything with Unit.

---

Overall both Kotlin and Scala are really huge improvements over base Java in so many ways. I'm a Scala coder on the weekends but I wouldn't complain if we switched over to Kotlin at work since it's just that much better than Java at ensuring a clean codebase. Still mainly a Scala programmer though because I love its functional slant :) but this is a good article for detailing exactly what it is about Kotlin and similar languages that's better than what most people are used to in Java.
Do they ever mention this in a tutorial or the docs? That's super convenient but I never realized before. 
>After googling that guy

Oh you dear sweet summer child do you have an adventure waiting for you. Assuming you've already seen The Room, please read or listen to The Disaster Artist. It's a modern classic. The movie is good but it cuts out so much of what makes the book great. 
I don't think you understood my argument. I wasn't arguing against games having more icons at all. I especially wasn't against games coming with icons. I just don't understand why it makes sense to lock them behind, say, gameplay unlocks or an amiibo. I'm talking about the mechanisms by which we *get* the icons, not whether or not they should exist.

It takes objectively more work to set things up as unlockables than just giving them to everyone to use *carte blanche*. Why would you argue in favor of unlocks when it's better for everybody if they're not unlockable? Why can't Nintendo just say "your game should come with at least X extra icons" or something and giving them to the user as soon as they buy the game or insert the cartridge? Or better yet, just have them free online forever in an icon directory of sorts that users can browse? Then they won't be tied to system updates and everyone can use whatever official icons they want.
Yeah everyone ITT is like "yeah lets make it more difficult to get profile pic options by locking them behind a gameplay barrier or paywall or amiibos". Why!? Why not just level the playing field so to speak and give them to everyone forever for free? They're just images. Group them by categories if you need to filter them down or something if there become too many. Are people really this addicted to unlocking things or paying microtransactions that we're justifying this?
> Pretend you're new to computers - isn't the desktop the most intuitive, obvious place to put things?

If I'm new to computers, nothing is "intuitive" beause I've never used one before. It's all a learning process. People are used to throwing things on the desktop because they can, or were taught to at some point and it became a habit. This is perfectly reversible. The idea these days is that OSes should be designed not to be "intuitive" (AKA familiar) but to be easy to learn in the first place with straightforward and obvious ways of performing certain actions. The desktop can get in the way of that, and you can see how it has been tried to be reinvented over the years not just in GNOME.

For example, you don't consider how mobile phone OSes have a completely different paradigm. Users don't have a "desktop". They only have a home screen, and in Android's case maybe an app drawer. It's similar, but conceptually very different than a traditional "desktop" where you can throw around all your personal files because you're restricted to system-provided application links and sometimes widgets. Furthermore, there's usually only one (or two, in the case of multitasking features) app open at a time, and even then you usually can't see the desktop in the background. The home screen is even less of a "desktop" in that scenario and much more like a "start menu" concept.

Even then the "start menu" as it was traditionally designed isn't entirely the best way to organize things either. Old-school Windows style where you have folders with the app in question, the manual, maybe some web links, etc. all grouped together gets cluttered and confusing very fast especially if you allow any text search. Like how a lot of video games these days include tutorials in-game instead of a separate manual, we've figured out over the years that sometimes it's better to bundle everything together within the application itself and provide a consitent UI to access it instead of dumping everything out there.

Basically - getting rid of the "desktop" forces people into a more predictable pattern and enabled certain optimizations and enhancements in the user experience. You don't get people who become "lost" in finding something on their desktop, you don't get people who just throw all of their files on there and links and wonder why something "doesn't exist" if its link is missing, etc. It's an anti-pattern for people to get into, and if there are ways that are at least as efficient then we should encourage those instead. These days the idea is a one-key search, like how in GNOME and Windows if you press the Win/Meta key and start typing you'll search your apps, files, settings and so on all at once. Why even need a desktop if you can get to what you want by quick typing? And you can still have quick links to your apps; in Windows you have tiles and in GNOME you have the activities dock. Both do the same effective thing of letting you quick launch things by mouse with minimal effort, just like having them on your desktop.

Like I was saying though, organizing things so that users can access them with minimal potential confusion is often the best thing to do, and I wish we were at least trying harder to "get rid of" the traditional desktop with files thrown everywhere, because it would be less problematic if users has only a single consistent way of getting at what they want, so that flow can be optimized and well-understood by everyone instead of opening the door to more problems. A KDE-like approach where, even though you have things on your desktop, they're just a bunch of widgets like folder views and sticky notes, might be a decent try since at least it helps get rid of the "desktop folder" but I'd rather just ditch it entirely.
Well I'm more of a Scala person on the weekends so I'm likely to use a more scala oriented stack but that one is also definitely up there. 
Good post. I'm looking into using akka-persistence myself, maybe with Lagom to start out and see how that goes. It seems like this really is a good way to build some types of applications. Only snag for me is how resource intensive it can get, which makes my tiny laptop cry.
Or, if he's anything like me, he rips his discs to his hard drive for Plex or similar which doesn't seem to always figure out if a movie has forced subtitles or not. Happened to my sister watching Baby Driver wondering what the sign language meant. 
Yep. I tend to have good luck with these things. My S6 shattered when I dropped it so I got a replacement but I decided to not use a case on that one and it ended up being fine for the past 3 years. So I'm doing the same thing with my S9.
I love the rounded edges. Makes it feel a bit nicer swiping to the edge of the screen. Also makes the screen kinda "pop out" a bit at your face. Took me a bit of getting used to with my S6 Edge but if anything I'd say it's not quite as pronounced this time around. It's very subtle especially on the + model.
I'd agree that maybe the modern GNOME UI is maybe a little too "large" in some aspects but there are many things that it gets right that I wish other desktop environments or OSes would follow. Like, for example, defaulting to a completely empty desktop. The desktop becomes a dumping ground for unrelated messes of files and folders and it's visually distracting to boot. If I want to open a file or folder I should be able to get to it from within the application I open it with or from my file manager.

I also like how they've augmented the Alt+Tab functionality to group between similar windows by default. Now it's switching between *applications*, not windows, and if you want to switch between multiple windows in an application there's \`+Tab. It takes a bit of getting used to but it makes a whole lot of sense since I can more easily control where I go next.

Unfortunately it needs a few small extensions or changes to be what I'd call "fully usable". Gnome's universal application menu thing, for example, just didn't really seem to pan out the way they expected. I can name maybe one app I ever touch that uses that (Tilix, an amazing tiling terminal app which I'd highly recommend) while the rest (mainly cross-platform apps like Firefox and IntelliJ) do their own thing. I do get "why" they did it though; application-relevant options are at the top, while window-relevant options are within the window itself. I just wish it was more consistently followed or easier to implement. I also can't stand how icons hide in the corner and I use one of the few "top icons" extensions to bring them up to the top bar where they rightfully belong. I also use a [much slimmer desktop UI theme](https://github.com/nana-4/materia-theme) that makes the whole desktop look so much more professional and usable as a whole.

Besides that though GNOME 3 is my daily driver on Linux. It's getting better all the time and while it's not perfect I think they strike a good balance between "getting out of my way" and having "just enough features" without being too confusing or overwhelming. There's usually only one obvious way of doing anything and it's less inconsistent than Windows with its weird holdovers from the XP and Vista/7 days. That said I don't mind switching between the two on a daily basis since they at least aren't actively insulting to use (once you have them set up right).
Greatly enjoying my S9+ I got Wednesday. Upgrading from an S6 Edge it feels like almost everything I've wanted from a phone and more. It's fast, beautiful, and feels like there are no major compromises whatsoever. Only problem is the back of the phone is a bit of a fingerprint magnet which is strange after my mostly pristine S6 Edge, but that's small potatoes. I think this could honestly be the best android phone ever made all things considered in terms of functionality and user experience. 
Literally just replaced my S6 Edge with an S9+ yesterday and I'm really looking forward to a longer-lasting battery more than anything. Helps that the phone also runs faster out of the gate and supports microSD but really my biggest benefit is just not needing to worry about my portable battery for a while. So far it's fantastic with very little idle drain compared to my S6 Edge which would sometimes just straight up die in my pocket.
It seems like they're extrapolating from the actual questions to get some of those. So "dreaded" wasn't explicitly asked (AFAIK) but was instead the results of whatever tech people didn't say they wanted to use tomorrow, or something like that.
I have a dream that one day games will be accepted as a major artistic medium without needing to gut everything that makes them unique and turn them into a movie first. Stuff like Life is Strange, NieR, Undertale or Hellblade just wouldn't be the same if they were squeezed into another format. The interactivity of the experience brings it all to another level entirely and yet gaming is still seen as this immature medium with terrible stories (which isn't wrong but look at modern movies and books; not much better if at all).

At the same time I wish that games stopped trying so hard to be movies and embraced *something* about gaming to set them apart narratively like player choice or carefully using interactive elements to invoke emotional responses.

All of that probably won't really happen for another couple generations though because then more people will be empathetic to that idea having been exposed to games for years as a medium and not just a toy for children.
And it's not even "liking things" either; sometimes it's just interest or recognizing quality content. FFXV was the most disappointingly "okay" game I've played in years but that doesn't mean I wouldn't upvote a post like this. It's great that the game is getting more attention from square and they're working on making it play and look better. How heartless do you have to be to not think that's a good thing?
> Alot of things in smash are bullshit

Subjective opinion. Focusing on "fairness" and "competiive balance" above all else is the exact problematic mindset I'm talking about. By calling these things "bullshit" and refusing to see how anyone else could enjoy them, you're perpetuating the exact problems I'm bringing up.

> the rule set having the ability to be custom is great it lets us do what we want, we can make it casual or competitive.

Which is, if you have been paying attention to what I've been arguing this entire time, not happening at all. Nobody actually customizes the rules anymore. You're arguing that people can do "whatever they want" with the game but *my entire issue* is that nobody actually does that in practice anymore. It's just this one standard competitive ruleset everywhere I go or whoever I meet up with. Sure not everybody has this problem but it's a uniquely Smash problem because people are afraid of deviating from that because they want to be good at tournaments. The only people I know who don't care are little kids and I'm an adult.
If you think I'm "writing it off" as a party game you're completely missing my point. Party games are great. They're some of the best games there are if you ask me. I enjoy competitive and party style multiplayer games in equal measure but the problem is that Smash, which is *explicitly designed with the intention of being a party game*, is only really played competitively, even in casual settings. Nobody really cares to experience maybe half of the content of the game because they're limiting themselves to a small subset of the available game types.
> instead of playing smash at like parties or with friends 

But even everyone "at parties" doesn't want to play with items. "Items are cheap, items aren't fun, don't pick that stage it has hazards"... etc.

The problem is a cultural one that has pervaded pretty much every time the game is played nowadays. It's really hard to find people who don't care about that because of the mindset of the players.
> I'd also challenge the notion that "chaos" is inherently more fun

I never meant to imply at all that it's "more fun", just that it's how the game is designed. The whole point is that it's a game not unlike Mario Kart where you have elements of skill and luck. If you're playing in a tournament setting then obviously it's more "fun" for most people to use a competitive ruleset, but that's not the only way to play the game. My frustration is that people don't seem to want to give other playstyles a try anymore. The FGC and esports has completely eclipsed the "party game" side of Smash and that's just sad to me because that's the main feature and functionality of every single Smash game. You have to explicitly opt out of the defaults to get that competitive ruleset and ignore so many stages and options in the process.

Sakurai himself has gone on record saying that games like Street Fighter, etc. are much better at doing a purely competitive fighting game experience and I fully agree with that assessment. I'd rather people stop getting so uptight about "muh competitive balance and fairness" and just embrace Smash for being what it is instead of what they want it to be. You have lots of other Smash-esque games that are competitive without needing to chop things off, like Brawlhalla, and those really deserve more attention by that community IMO.

> and I don't see any reason why it should dictate how I play it.

Exactly, so why perpetuate a cultural problem of "dictating" how everybody else plays the game? ;)

It would be nice if we could mix competitive matches and the occasional classical Smash randomness that makes the game so distinctive. Not in a tournament setting of course, but at least if people were willing to, say, rotate out rulesets instead of throwing a hissy-fit about items or stage choices (which happens way too often in my experience).
> I think it's fine for you to ... be upset that most people don't.

> I think calling it a "cultural problem" and implying it's not fun is a bit entitled.

First, I never implied playing competitive is not fun. I enjoy playing competitively. I'm just sick and tired of that being the *only* way people want to play.

Second, you're misusing the word "entitled". What you mean is that I have a "false sense of entitlement" which is not the case at all. I don't feel like people owe me the pleasure of playing Smash "my way"; rather, it's the opposite. I'm down for playing any way but all anyone wants to do is this one specific ruleset that limits the potential of the game. Everyone wants to be competitive eSports-style but that's just not what Smash is about. It's about a unification of lots of different ways of playing and it's unfortunate that people ignore that.
Do you enjoy playing Mario Kart? It's the exact same thing. A game that *can* be competitive with elements of chaos thrown in to spice things up. If you can't get over losing and don't see that as a legitimate form of fun (or understand why other people find it fun) then that really sounds like your own problem.

Games aren't just about winning. You can have fun even when you lose. That's the whole point of party games. The problem is trying to force a party game to be competitive and refusing to play in a party setting. Who cares who wins if you have fun?
That's what I'm saying. People are effectively ignoring the main strength of Smash - that it's so flexible and not just one type of game every time - to play this stripped down version of it every time. Not that competitive smash is "wrong" at all, but in the process people have become afraid of "just having fun". People want to win and feel like only skill went into it which is fine for a competitive game but Smash wasn't designed as a purely competitive experience and it shows in every single facet of its design. We can have competitive matches, but what's sad to me is that people outright refuse to play the game any other way because they're stuck in this hyper competitive mindset. It's not a problem with the game, but more of a cultural problem where with smash being a major competitive game nowadays it's hard to find communities who are willing to let loose and embrace the chaos.
I'm saying the game has a cultural problem. It's a party game that people play as a competitive game (EDIT: and nothing else). It's quite insulting and childish yourself that you suggest that I'm immature for wanting to play a game for fun that isn't purely competitive.
Speak for yourself. Do you know how hard it is to find people who regularly enjoy playing with items on, stage hazards, or even the special game modes? If you're not a pre-teen or something? I'm in my early 20s and all anyone who plays Smash in my area (Chicago and NW Indiana) does is the competitive ruleset. It's turned me off from casual smash because it's just not the same game. Of course I love and enjoy smash very much but if I'm going to play a competitive game I'd rather play Street Fighter or DBFZ. Smash is what I feel like playing when I just want to have mindless fun. At least now there's stuff like Towerfall, Duck Game, etc. and local multiplayer party games are coming back so smash isn't the only major one anymore.
I've been really digging into DDD, CQRS, etc. recently so this is right up my alley. Thanks!
When I first started learning React and Flux-style architecture I was amazed at how much sense it all made and I loved it. Recently I've been reading all about CQRS and Event Sourcing though and I've gotten to thinking they sound *eerily similar*... Almost as if we're reinventing the wheel a bit but in a different context. Not to diminish what makes React great of course but it's funny how "great minds think alike" in these circumstances. I did some googling and found out that they never even heard of the concepts before on the React team when they came up with it or something like that.
I know the feeling. A coworker of mine told me he never knew there was an original Planet of the Apes movie recently. He had seen the new ones, too, but never figured out that they're a painfully obvious prequel trilogy with tons of references and advertisements/articles pointing this out.

I've never been more utterly confused at another human being. But yeah it apparently can happen I guess.
The underlying engine can be fixed up or replaced. They're using very similar assets and lighting but that's a good thing IMO since the game had a lot of charm the way it originally looked. Either way it should be less buggy and a more updated version of the game so it has that going for it. The Switch isn't much more powerful than last generation hardware anyway so it wasn't going to look super different.
Scala

The restaurant is kinda hidden away in a corner of town that everybody seems to pass up. You walk in and are amazed at the sheer variety of pizza customizations and ordering your pizza is simple, declarative, and straightforward. They even implicitly know what kind of crust you'd like!

Half of the restaurant is filled with hipsters who discuss the art of perfectly pure pizza and if you order the "wrong" toppings or crust they'll be very argumentative with you in a dialect that you can only half understand using jargon you've never heard. The other half of the restaurant just seems to be casually enjoying their pizza but they try to make their pizza taste like a lot like the Java pizza shop next door, which seems strange considering this pizza is more expensive and niche and they aren't really taking advantage of its flavors much.

The restaurant then decides to open a revolving door between them and the Java restaurant so customers can go back and forth at will but the door sometimes decapitates you if you go in too fast and aren't careful.
EDIT: I'd like to clarify, MHXX is a very good game as is World. If it gets ported that's all fine and dandy. I just don't think the changes are that substantial compared to Generations, and also we've already moved so far past it in terms of bringing the series into the modern era that it just seems to me like a waste of resources for Capcom.

---

I do believe that MHXX is somewhat worse than MHW, for a number of QoL reasons but mostly just because MHW is a more well-rounded experience. MHXX not only assumes a certain familiarity with the series but it is much more "to the point" about it. MH4U had a great introduction with a story and involved tutorials whereas Generations and XX just kinda assume you know the drill. They have tutorials but they're more generic and feel thrown in after the fact.

Basically MHXX is just Generations with a few small improvements and more monsters. The only real reason I got it was because I wanted to play MH in HD, and now that World's out... yeah that is better suited to that game. Still, I enjoy playing MHXX on the go. It's a fun game. It's just important to recognize it as the enhanced stop-gap it was between MH4 and MHW and just forget about it. I'd be genuinely shocked if Capcom ditched their portable players because that's where the series found its biggest home in Japan so I'm sure we'll get something.
Try another weapon. The controls have historically been kinda iffy but it's easier to get into, say, Sword & Shield, Switch Axe, Dual Blades, etc. than bows, bowguns, or the great sword.
I've imported MHXX from Japan and put quite a few dozen hours into it by now.

I'm being completely honest in saying that I really hope they don't. I'd rather they localize pretty much any other game. It's not that MHXX is bad by any means but it's just *so* far behind Monster Hunter World in terms of gameplay experience that it would arguably turn a lot of the newer fans off. I would highly recommend it if you don't mind a little Google Translate from your phone and cross-referencing online, but it's very clearly a game designed for the pre-existing MH fanbase in Japan. I'd rather they prioritize designing a MHW-like game for the Switch instead of continuing the older generation.

Of course, not that I'd *mind* that at all... Just saying that it might be a bit confusing throwing new players back in time like that.
Last gen, the discs weren't insanely expensive to make though. Switch cartridges have the unfortunate problem of being very expensive to make on top of them not getting all that money through selling through retailers. It makes sense that digital earns you more money this time around given that they want to push people in that direction and understandably so.
I got a ton of that stuff from Club Nintendo. It really was unique and interesting. Still use my DS/3DS game cases, and I got a neat deck of playing cards too. Posters and such are also pretty great. I can't really blame them from shying away from that though because it was a much more expensive and time-consuming commitment as opposed to just giving everyone a blanket % back like this. I completely sympathize with that sentiment, I do. I think it can be healthy though to detach oneself from feelings of being "owed" anything and as such, I'm just plain happy I'm getting anything at all. This got me $8 off Bayonetta just now and while that's not too great for a full year, buying the game and its sequel has already given me $3 towards something else later and that's just going to add up over time, in addition to the % back from my credit card.

It'd still be nice if they gave away limited edition controllers and such but almost nobody ever got those because they were so rare even if you had all the points. This is just a much more consistent payout IMO.
> Sure it's free and all but it's objectively worse so people are bound to complain

Is it though? Before, they'd have some free $5 games you could spend points on like NES games for your Wii U or something, or sometimes a promotional discount on a limited selection of specific games. They'd rotate around and it was never really consistent or reliable at all. I stopped checking myself after a couple months in.

Now, they give you a fixed amount back for every single purchase that can go directly towards the games, DLC, etc. of your choice. It's a lot more flexible now and if you buy digital games you save even more money than otherwise. I wouldn't say it's worse at all; for people like me it's significantly better than before. It's "different" though and yeah it doesn't really benefit people who buy physical much, but if you're buying physical you can get *much* better deals than digital most of the time, especially through Amazon or Best Buy, not to mention buying the games used and selling them later which you can't do digital.
It amazes me how people can have such a false sense of entitlement that they will literally complain about being shafted maybe $5-10 in free money (earned over the course of an entire year, mind you) that they were never entitled to to begin with.

Nintendo could have done nothing. I, for one, who would have never touched his gold points otherwise am pretty stoked that everything else I buy for the life of my Switch goes back into making games less expensive. Could it be better? Well obviously but what rewards program couldn't? Everything has compromises. I got tons of Club Nintendo gear back in the day but most of that stuff was rare and cheap.

Nintendo is literally giving people *free money*. And we still find ways to complain. I just don't understand this mentality...

EDIT/PS: Hey, you all know what you get for being an early adopter? Adopting it early! That's the entire point! Nintendo isn't rewarding people who buy a switch later. They're giving *everyone* who buys games starting today a little something back, and I think that's pretty swell. Do you honestly think you would have bought all the games you bought 6-12 months ago today if you would have gotten like $2-3 more dollars from them back? I bought the games I did, when I did, because I believed they were worth the price I was paying for them and I didn't expect anything back. And you know what? I got to play them for *months*. That's priceless, certainly worth more than what I "would have gotten" if I bought them today. Nintendo doesn't owe you anything. Why can't we be happy with what we have since this is objectively better than nothing?

EDIT 2: If I remember correctly, for *years* people have been ranting about digital games being "too expensive" because they don't have all the associated costs of physical games. Well, now you've got your wish: cheaper digital games by giving you some funbucks back to spend on more digital games. Win/win if you ask me.
Everyone months ago: "Yeah it would make a lot more sense if we got like a discount on digital purchases considering the cost of cartridges"

Nintendo: "Hey so starting now you'll get a bigger discount on digital game purchases with some money back. Ain't that cool?"

Everyone now: "Wow fuck you Nintendo why can't you retroactively give me more free money?"

...Can't we just be happy we're getting anything at all, folks? Seriously it's like I'm surrounded by whiny children because they have $5-10 less digital, online-only funbucks than they'd like to imagine they should have. Why can't we be happy we're getting something to begin with? Is free money not good enough for you people because it's just slightly less upfront than you expected?
Yeah I don't get it. Nintendo is giving people FREE MONEY. They have no obligation to change the value of anything they gave us before. They could have given us nothing. What a crazy sense of entitlement people have. 5% back on digital purchases is a pretty decent deal all things considered. It doesn't have to be the best deal around. So what if your two game purchases from 6-8 months ago didn't give you the same amount they would today? Guess what: *you got to play those games for the past year* and you're missing out on like a couple dollars per game. Big deal. People are acting like Nintendo killed their dog.

Why can't free money be good enough for people? People always find a way to complain.
Oof. Sorry was a bit tired this morning. I've reread the thread and deleted that.
My S6 Edge needs to be fully recharged 2 to 3 times a day now depending on how much I use it, which really isn't that often. Sometimes even just leaving it sitting around will kill the battery because of the various apps I've got like Messenger and FB. I do remember it being better though so I can also confirm that. That said it's still an amazing phone but I might get an S9+ just because I'd like some removable storage since it's running a little low right now.
Also anecdotal: I've got an S6 Edge that completely shattered when I dropped it on a metal dog dish. That one also had a case but it hit the dish in just the right way that it shattered nonetheless.

When I got my replacement through insurance, I just said "screw it" and kept the phone without a case, without a screen protector or anything, just by itself. Kept keys/wallet in another pocket for the past 3 years and I can confirm that the phone looks almost as good as new. The front screen glass is pristine and the only noticeable wear ant tear is on the back (small scratches from placing down the phone over 3 years) and I've dropped it a few times, which has some tiny gashes on the metal sides but nothing major.

So TL;DR I can also confirm this works. Phone looks great, feels great, and no issues after ~3yrs of standard wear and tear.
So I'm making my own backlog management website (like Backloggery or HLTB) but with a twist in that I want users to be able to define the "shape" of a game's progress. I'd like to make sure I'm doing this in a way that makes sense to most people or that I'm not forgetting anything obvious. Here's what I've got so far for this feature:

The feature in question is called a "progess schema". It's a way to define the shape of a game's progress by providing grouped elements that you can name, order, and customize. When a schema is defined, users who add that item to their queues can explicitly define where in the game they are using form fields and controls instead of verbally describing where they are. Progress is defined by grouping together each of the following basic types:

* Amount - Keeps track of some number of things with a defined minimum or maximum.
  * Example: Collectables in a level, like in Mario games.
* Bool - A boolean toggle switch (on/off, true/false) for whether or not something is true.
  * Example: Whether or not a specific, important item was obtained in an RPG or adventure game.
* Option List - A simple drop-down list where one of many options can be selected
  * Example: Your starting class in an RPG, or your difficulty setting.
  * To have a list where multiple things can be selected, just make a group of Bools.
* Percentage - A way to track progress of something by specifying a generic 0-to-100 percentage.
  * Example: Mirroring the in-game percentage counter for some complex group of tasks, like game completion or lore collected.
* Sequence - A collection of directed nodes on a graph that shows an order of events. Some nodes can be marked as optional, and groups of elements can be mapped to nodes to describe progress in a linear or non-linear fashion.
  * Example: An order of levels in a platformer, an order of levels in an open-world game like Super Metroid or Dark Souls as they become available, or choices in a VN.
* Time - A strictly-timed task, with a fixed running-time.
  * Example: A long cutscene or watchable element. A bonus DVD or online streaming video related to something.
* Score Record - Like an Amount, but with an additional "target score" optional field.
  * Example: Your personal high-score in some arcade game or minigame mode.
* Time Record - A record defined by going over or under some target time, if supplied.
  * Example: Time Trials in Mario Kart, speedruns.

Try to think of some games or progress schemas where these wouldn't really work, or if any additional types are needed. I don't want the logic in this thing to be too complex, only used to help define the shape of an item's progress, not all the complex rules therein.
Absolutely not Majora's Mask or XIII-2. Great games for the most part but quite depressing in tone.

Ace Attorney is usually really fun and engaging but the stories can tend to be dark when you get into them. It's more of a dark comedy thing in practice.

Hyper Light Drifter is a tough one. *Technically* the game is kinda depressing but mostly in terms of atmosphere and how the main character is basically dying throughout the game. Technically it's supposed to be about triumph over your problems but in practice it's a bit of a downer to play for the most part. I'd highly recommend it otherwise though.

Dragon's Dogma is pretty fun, I enjoyed my limited time with that game a lot, but it isn't exactly "uplifting". Similar to many other RPGs in terms of story style where there's a mix of light and dark elements.

I haven't really played any of the others though, sorry. Hope that helps!
>Most things become more complex over time - see sysvinit startup style to the behemoth-monster that is systemd.

Well you're comparing this situation to the JavaScript framework mess, but you're not taking into account that without systemd we'd be in a similar situation. People want an opinionated way to do something and get it done right. Systemd does that. Before it, every other distribution would use their own init system and yeah while systemd might be more "complex" it completely prevents the problem of init system bikeshedding and proliferation like you see with JavaScript frameworks. I'd much rather have a large complex system that is simple to use and where I don't need to worry about too much reinventing the wheel than something I can configure to my heart's content and swap out as necessary. I mean look at Maven and how they basically "solved" pretty much every single bikeshedding problem with Java builds. Even alternative tools are compatible with Maven conventions.
My point is does it really matter which is which? It's not obvious to me at all which one he is and it doesn't matter. It's still him on some level just like it's still her on some level. It very well could have been his copy that killed himself because it took on his memories and personality, making him indistinguishable from it. When he got back, he was sick for no particular described reason. It very well could have been issues from changing from the shimmer, not necessarily because he wasn't human.
Trump: *says something stupid in person or on Twitter*

Media: "Excuse me WH could you comment on that"

WH: "Hey fake news media, just because Trump says something using official WH communication channels that indicates a political opinion or position or suggests he's taking a series of actions on some issue, that doesn't **actually** mean anything."

...

Wake me from this hell dream. We never had this issue before even with other questionable presidents. You need to be held accountable for what you say especially if you're the leader of the "Free World" so to speak.
You certainly can. Nothing's stopping you. The main difference is that tools like SBT and Mill integrate better into the Scala ecosystem. For example, Scala has binary incompatible releases sometimes so you can specify multiple versions of Scala to build for in your build config. It'll also know to pull the versions of libraries compiled for this project's version of Scala by default if you follow build file conventions.

I'm no SBT fanboy by any means but I also just find the way its build files are written today much more natural than a Maven config or a groovy DSL. SBT feels more like you're writing typed Scala code almost. Mill is similar in that respect.
Any new build tools for Scala are very welcome. SBT is a good(-ish) piece of software today IMO but it is so confusing to newcomers and has changed very radically over the years that it puts people off and makes documentation across the web inconsistent with lots of deprecated behavior and bad patterns being shared, not to mention the mistakes cataloged and referenced here. Competition is very welcome and if anyone is going to know how to do it right, it's Li Haoyi. This man really knows what's up; he basically bootstrapped the entire modern Scala.js ecosystem for fun and I keep seeing insights from him into the language and its community trying to do his best to improve it from his position. We really need more figures like this in Scala.
I think she's both Lena and the alien. There's very obvious cells-splitting-in-two imagery not only throughout the film but on her glass of water at the end as well. She's herself, her husband is himself, but they're both mutated by the shimmer. They're human and alien. They're changed - something different. That's sort of the underlying theme of the film, right? We have pre-programmed self-destructive behaviors that we "just do" or "just get afflicted with" like aging, cancer, behavior problems that hurt us. Her meeting that creature was her splitting in two, like it happened with her husband. They got an opportunity to confront the destructive side of themselves in physical form. They come back from it, and I assume learn from the experience. They're changed people - mentally and physically. It's a metaphor.

So in the end I don't really think it matters if it's the "real" her or not. It's still her.
Alex Garland himself said he only ever read the first one, and this one is heavily different from the books - all of them. There (probably) won't ever be a sequel because he's not interested in it.

To your first question, I suppose we're not really supposed to know what truly happened. It's a lot more complicated than that though. The shimmer mutated her, and it mutated him as well. The alien creature wasn't just an alien mimicking her but it was also *her*, I think. She split in two - like a cell - and the creature took on her feelings, her beliefs, her memories. It's probably why the creature destroyed the lighthouse and the source of the shimmer, because it took on her memories and sense of being, and essentially became her to be willing to do it.

The shimmering in their eyes then probably says more that she has changed from the experience - mutated, literally. She's part human, part whatever that creature was, but still mostly human. She turned away from her own self destructive behavior in a giant metaphor of sorts.


> That is the point when I realized she was the alien and she lied about her escape.

I don't think it's that simple at all. The "alien" is not just an alien but also a mutation of herself. The movie used a lot of intentional imagery of cells splitting in two, hinting at this since the very beginning. What happened isn't just that whatever creature that was mimicked her, but it also *became* her, and she became it. The shimmer mutated her, and we still see the shimmer in her eyes afterward, not because she's the alien but because she's both herself and the alien.

It's easy to wipe away everything we saw and say "well she was just an unreliable narrator" but it's more complex than that. Her second alien half intentionally destroyed the lighthouse for example, and it reached for her husband's dead corpse. She - and her husband - both died and survived. They split in two, like cells.

The movie is a story about self-destructive behavior. Sometimes you "just do" things that mess up your life but they're opportunities to reflect - take a (literal in this case) look at "yourself" and learn from it. Instead of simply accepting it and/or giving up, like two of the others.
[Relay for Reddit understands](https://i.imgur.com/aIGEbQm.png)
I hope this becomes a popular SPB5K template
Yep it has all of the DLC and updates so far if I'm not mistaken
I mean yeah, it does. But it is a good example of the kind of semantics he was looking for where the two types are success/failure values. It being biased only helps. It's a simplification but not grossly so.
Scala in particular has some absolutely amazing third-party libs for parsing data that I never knew I needed before. For example, `play-json`, which was written for the Play framework but can be used elsewhere (including in [Scala.js](https://www.scala-js.org/)), is a great example because it lets you map directly to your data classes which can be defined using monadic types like Option[T].

I'm working on a project right now using Jackson in Java where in order to properly validate null values, I have to set every single property of my data classes to the object types like `Integer` over `int` (or else it assumes the default values for each; a fault of Java as opposed to Jackson, to be fair) and then I have to manually validate the data before I can do anything with it. It's such a hassle and feels like so much more boilerplate code and hidden "gotchas". There's a library extension that allows you to use Java 8 Optionals but those aren't supposed to be used in Java object fields, only in method return types, since it's kind of a broken concept to begin with in a language with nulls everywhere.

It's just so much more cleaner in a properly functional language with a great type system. It not only makes data validation straightforward but it makes you wonder why it was never this simple to begin with.
Scala has a Try type that works like that. It's a right-biased Either (map/flatmap methods that assume you're operating on the success value) where it's either a failure or success type, and the failure type has to extend a certain interface so that all of your error handling code can be used by the lowest-common-denominator.

Of course, Either is also right-biased now by default in Scala which is pretty convenient as well and works for most of my use cases.
Ran into this issue myself last year on an Angular project and found a solution similar to the one in the article. This is very helpful for people working in web dev so they understand what happens to their Observables when components are destroyed. While it isn't an Angular-specific issue, Angular's reliance on RxJS (a core strength of the framework IMO) makes this problem very common in some types of projects that rely on streams like this. Even if you don't use Angular this is something that users of other, similar projects and architectures can take into account for their own web dev projects using components.
Yeah games like Dark Souls came to PC because there was a huge public demand for it. Then we also got Rocket League and so on for the Switch because fans begged for it. The key is to not hold it against devs that decide not to or to be realistic with your expectations:

**Good:** "I'd love for this game to come to the Switch/PC because it's my favorite platform and/or the game would be a good fit for it"

**Bad:** "Stop being lazy, don't you see how much money you'd make from porting the game!? Why do you hate Nintendo/PC!?" etc.
The context was obviously about the online service on PS4 being sub par for the price. Not using the actual system.
I think, if that ever happens, it would probably be an Xbox Play Anywhere type deal, not from Sony. Sony doesn't really gain anything from letting people play the game on PC instead of their own platform, unless they had cross-play, but even then that's questionable because after Rocket League opened the floodgates to the "lets cross-play every game" discussions, they seem to have backed away from that idea.
Monster Hunter Tri (3) was originally a Wii game and the Wii was a *very* popular console in the West. Extremely so, much more than most others in history. I think it was just at the wrong place at the wrong time. Monster Hunter has always been a little ahead of its time in terms of just how solid it is despite its quirks. Now that almost all of those major quirks have been ironed out and we have a proper HD presentation that isn't upscaled from a portable game, it hits that sweet spot of what the game should have always been, if it could. Not so much the platform it's on, just the timing and hype behind it as a result of the timing.
I'm also not a big fan of battles in the first one at all. People online make it sound like it's filled with strategy and planning but really the entire game for the most part is just a basic loop with little reason to switch things up. I haven't tried XCX or XC2 but if XC2 is at all an improvement on the first one that's very welcome.
Super 8 felt like it resolved itself very nicely in one tight package. Perhaps that's just the exception to the rule though. Everything else he does seems to feel overly bloated.
I know it's a meme to bring up Scala every time Kotlin is mentioned because they come from a similar mindset of wanting to make a better language than Java for the JVM, but I was actually inspired to try it (Scala) out last year as a "why the heck not" gesture and it has become one of my favorite languages by a long shot. I've bought a couple books, started developing a project in it to get a feel for the language, and it has so many things that I've always wanted from more popular languages that it just feels like a joy to use.

That said Kotlin is also very good and a definite improvement over Java as well. I don't really think you can go wrong with either this day and age. Both seem to have a decent amount of community support for starters and both of their problems are IMO very overblown. They're like "first world programming language problems." Anything is nicer than straight Java on the JVM and it's very nice to have so many passionate communities surrounding the idea in their own way.
That's where a lot of these possible WASM frameworks will come in handy. Currently I'm working on a project in Scala and for the front-end I've decided to give Scala.js a try. Not only can I share models and code but it's great that I don't really have to shift gears going between the back end and front end. Also helps that Scala.js has an active community so it feels like more than a toy and closer to something like a TypeScript competitor, maybe even better since you get Scala and JavaScript library support built in.

To have something like that but for nearly every major language is something I'm very excited for to say the least. It'll cut down on work for almost everyone.
One of the aspects of the new control scheme that was not very gimmicky was how you could use the IR pointer for aiming. That alone makes it tolerable for me because it's such a breath of fresh air compared to stick aiming. I'm glad that it also turned into motion aiming for later titles.
I'd love this too but I bet Sony's advertising deals with the apps overrides that. Some apps even appear twice with different icons with one being an ad for me. *sigh*...
+1. I'd be tempted to load up this version if that ever becomes a feature: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYOEyzBFYa4
If you look at the context I was describing games like BlazBlue and Guilty Gear (NOT DBFZ) which tend to have very small online communities, especially on PC. DBFZ is the exception which is what I'm saying, and that's a good thing.
1. Get them into Dragon Ball a decade or two ago.
2. Tell them the game exists and that it has auto combos so they can mash and be kinda-sorta-but-not-entirely competitive.
3. ???
4. Profit!
I can agree with this review very easily. It's a frantic and amazingly fun game but the online is only barely functional. It's enjoyable enough but it's not quite perfect. That said it's one of my favorite fighting games right now and I'm so glad it's getting a lot of support, especially on PC. Usually ArcSys games die out very quickly, both on PC and on consoles, and you have to rely on Discord or your local meetups to find matches, but DBFZ looks like it has Street Fighter or Tekken-style popularity from the get-go which is fantastic. Here's hoping it stays that way.
I'm greatly enjoying the game. So far it doesn't seem nearly as crazy as Marvel 3 but that's a good thing to me because I can actually kinda follow what's going on. It has a very small learning curve for a 3v3 fighter and I'm glad that a lot of my more fighting-game-averse friends can enjoy it. The inputs are nice and simple and the real skill comes from your skillful use of team composition and your ability to stay coordinated. One of the best fighting games these days for your money in both content and pure fun factor, for sure.
Can confirm that they work great. I use one so I can keep my arcade stick in commission from last generation. Works really well and there's no lag! It even lets you simulate the PS4 touch pad with button combinations.
Only 32 more until my time to shine!
>losing after 300 or so turns is not fun.

Civ is very much a game about the journey, not the destination. Even the best Civ games have historically been known for their iffy endgames. I greatly enjoy Civ, but I know it's not for everyone. That said I think if you approach it with that mindset it may help.
I don't think a lot of people here seem to understand the benefits of proper optional value handling with functions. I see some people saying things like "this is just so weird and different; what's wrong with doing standard 'if (thing != null)' checks?"

The entire point of Option/Maybe types in languages is to prevent the kinds of errors that arise when you have to do those checks. Not only does it clearly, cleanly indicate when a value might not appear, but, in a good implementation, it also *forces* you to check if the value exists implicitly through a functional interface. Basically, your code that uses that optional value should only get executed if that value is there, and these types, using those interfaces, is the best way to approach that problem. This is huge for teams especially because it reduces the possibility of errors like null pointer exceptions (in languages that have them).

Optional.get(), essentially getting the value of the optional without those internal checks, is a code smell because you're still required to do the manual null checking that the type is supposed to do for you, which can cause errors and is indicative of not relying on sound types in your code. Of course this only works 100% in languages that are designed around it like Haskell or the Scala standard library (you can still get nulls in Scala, but that's limited to Java libraries you import, mostly) but it's still good practice to use types that limit your options and don't require manual checking.

**TL;DR** if you use an optional type with an interface that takes a function, it's much safer than checking yourself as your function only executes if the value exists in the first place.
I believe there is a slight difference in how the later model slims were designed that makes the exploit fail. The higher model number indicates that it is built differently. I don't know the full details but if you read any guide on it you'll see what I mean and they explain it in more detail.
> and I like to own my games permanently in the majority of cases

This is so true it hurts. I had PS+ for PS3 and I got Demon's Souls at some point. I already owned the game physically, but I sold it to help get through a rough time financially and just played the PS+ version. After the PS4 came out the average quality of games dropped like a rock and I played the majority of what I wanted that was PS3 exclusive, so I thought I'd cancel it. In the meantime, Demon's Souls was on sale on PSN and I thought I'd buy it. Well, my subscription for PS+ didn't run out yet at the time and Sony's crappy store infrastructure wouldn't let me buy the game because I already "owned" it. I even contacted support and they said there was nothing I could do.

That incident really soured me on PS+ in particular and it made me appreciate "owning" games a lot more. Nowadays I just subscribe to Humble Monthly which not only has a much higher quality of games for the price, on average, but I can also keep them and I help fund interesting indie games to boot, like Getting Over It.
To add to this: only some "slim" models are supported. Mine is one of the ones that will brick if you try it because the model number is too high. Just thought I'd mention so people who are looking this up try to be careful.
It's strange how people who repeat the critical consensus that it is, indeed, a bad game are getting downvoted. Can Sony fans not accept criticism for a launch title? It's not like Nintendo, MS, SEGA, etc. haven't also made missteps. Knack just felt like several steps backward in game design while being simultaneously more frustrating and more expensive than so many better games from decades past. Even as a "kids game" it's incredibly bland compared to so many others that also target that market. It deserves every bit of criticism that it got and could have been so much better for all types of gamers.
> it's perfect to play as a family thing

This is the one compliment I've never really understood in the general list of Knack compliments I see. Not that it's impossible to enjoy the game or that I look down on anyone who does, but it is just outdone in every single category by so many other games throughout history. If you've got kids who want to play a game they're much better off with, say, Mario, Kirby, Pokemon... pretty much any major kid-friendly game is better for kids in terms of game design, aesthetics, and price these days. Knack was basically a very limited, poor tech demo of a game that doesn't go anywhere near the heights of so many other games that were also tech demos have, like Super Mario 64 was for example.

I mean unless the only system you've ever had in your life is a PS4 and you have absolutely no disposable income to speak of (which would be unfortunate but understandable), I can think of dozens of better games for kids that have a better difficulty curve at the very least, never mind everything else. My personal favorite "kids game" that's easy for kids but has lots of mechanical depth that inspires wonder is Kirby 64. It's very easy to control and easy to pick up and play, and it goes so much farther than Knack ever attempted, and decades earlier.

Anyway I'm sure Knack isn't completely terrible for many people, and power to them for managing to enjoy it I suppose, but there's a reason a lot of other people laugh at it and even rate it "low": they've all seen so much better over the years and it's strangely disappointing to see a game like that come out in this decade that's so many steps back, and for so much at launch.
I like the game a lot for what it is. I'm not anywhere near a JRPG "fan" but I enjoy a really good one. Chrono Trigger in particular is my favorite JRPG, though not quite in my top 10 games ever, if that gives you an indication of where they rank in general for me.

TMS though is just pure straight fun from the get-go. Not only is it incredibly stylish in typical Atlus fashion, but it's also fun with a battle system that doesn't get too old too fast. Persona 3 and 4, if you ask me, got really tiresome after a while because the battles sort of devolved into the same old "hit it with a move it's weak to" ad nauseam with little thinking. TMS, on the other hand, starts with that but adds several layers on top that make it more interesting. For example, your characters can chain moves into each other and you can customize your party for the types of chains you want to do and how they fit the situation.

The character upgrade system is also great. Instead of doing social links where you have to worry about missing out on getting all the bonuses, you can do sidequests that are mostly doable any time past some point, and you can upgrade your weapons and abilities with your spoils from battles.

On top of that, dungeons are not randomly generated but are instead static and feel a lot more "gamey", in a good way, in that you have actual objectives beyond simply fighting random encounters. It really helps the game from feeling too samey and it spices things up every so often.

That said I wouldn't get a Wii U just for it. I'd hope for a Switch port or maybe buy the game and rip it to play on CEMU someday. It's a real hidden gem even if it's not anywhere near what I'd call a 5/5 game. It still has a lot of JRPG "problems" that pretty much every single game in the genre has, and it relies a lot on modern anime tropes, but if you can look past that you'll have a great time.

Oh, and the soundtrack is [absolutely fantastic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zs4iDaU6do).
That is absolutely fascinating. Thanks for the link! Love me some Digital Foundry but somehow I hadn't seen that one yet.
From Miguel de Icaza himself, too! Didn't expect that. Pretty sweet, thanks!
Thanks. My employer is all good with my open source contributions. Their only clause is that I don't directly compete with them, which makes sense in that their main product is extremely niche and I'd likely never care to compete for that anyway. I'm mainly interested in Scala.js development anyway which I doubt they'd want to touch with a ten foot pole.

I'm a real big fan of the work the community has put into the libraries for Scala, even if the language itself has some warts. IMHO though most of them are very much "first world programming problems" in that it's still leagues better than most other languages' experience by default. Either way I'm sure the future looks bright for the type of people who are interested in languages like Scala because a lot of other languages are pulling in similar features as time goes on, and pretty much every newer language has a chance to learn from its mistakes.
So this is kinda tangential but I did a little research and found your blog, and a bunch of contributions you've given to Scala in the past and your current thoughts on it. I was intrigued by your tone that implied you had a lot of experience with this and it seems like you did spend a lot of time with the language far more intimately than most of its users for sure. I'd just like to say, I guess, props to you for always being open to dialogue on these things even after being "burned" on it like that, and for being a pretty knowledgeable and significant contributor to the project for some time. That's all basically; I don't have anything to say about your comment and your assertions but I respect them, given your position and how you ended up there. I'm a relative newbie to the scene so I obviously can't pretend to stand toe-to-toe on such detailed arguments.
...No? Not even in the slightest. How could you get to that conclusion? I'm saying that they're in a strategic position to promote their language because of their popularity and the current state of the Java landscape with it filling a nice little niche for itself. I'm not speaking anything bad about the language or the company. They're both very good.
> I'd disagree with that, the claims made are not supported by the facts. It adds its own substantial pile of cruft on top of the language.

I'd disagree with that disagreement. Adding more features isn't "adding cruft", in fact it can help remove it. Furthermore, [here's a presentation](https://youtu.be/h48kuflGEDw?t=2039) (skip to 34:00 if it doesn't do that for you) where, when discussing the future of Scala, they mention a lot of things that are currently getting looked at to get simplified or removed in future versions of Scala.

---

That said I do agree that it's a bit troubling that Scala doesn't have a lot of momentum. Through no fault with many of the great ideas of the language, to be sure, just the way it was handled in the past. I'm doing my part by helping join in with the Scala community and I've started contributing patches to some major projects. Nowhere near a maintainer of anything signifcant, but I'm a big fan of the language and I hope it, or at least the ideas it brought to the table, can live on.
> JetBrains does pretty much zero advertising.

Well part of what I mean is that "advertising" is not really the only way to promote something. Part of that is through their own IDE (which is enormously popular), their blog posts (which are widely read to begin with), and as you mention yourself, partnerships with other companies and organizations where appropriate. Gradle has a Kotlin DSL now for example, and Spring has quite a bit of Kotlin support. Not just because it's a good language but also because their status as JetBrains alone is a big indicator that the language will be well supported. I guess you could say it's "implicit promotion" because it's not just from its merits, but also its positioning. EDIT: they're also doing a lot of effort to jump on the "multiplatform" bandwagon with analogues to things like Scala.js and Scala Native. That makes Kotlin not just a great "better Java" language but also a great general-purpose language you can shape for the platforms you aim for.

> Scala has been in sharp decline for years, regardless of Kotlin.

Never argued otherwise. I'm just saying, I think a lot of the "problem" before with Scala was that people were approaching it as a "better Java" when really, to make the most of it (and understand a lot of its more helpful/advanced features) you have to really dig into functional programming concepts. The decline I feel is in part to the fact that the library ecosystem was, for several years, rather "academic" in nature (it has improved a lot; no more weird, un-typeable symbols in some method names or whatever, for example) and in order to get into the Scala ecosystem it was just too deep a dive. It also doesn't cleanly integrate with a lot of Java code beyond using Java libraries. If you use Scala code from within Java, that's bound to cause some weird problems unless you write a wrapper for Java.

> I don't see any reason to think they won't be repeating the same mistakes they made with Scala, such as ignoring compiler tooling and plug-in

In the beginning this was definitely a rough point, but even though some developers of other IDE projects are leaving, Scala is moving in a different direction. Scala (with SBT) is just starting to support the [Langauge Server Protocol](http://www.scala-sbt.org/1.x-beta/docs/sbt-server.html) now which is a pretty huge step to supporting modern tooling beyond IntelliJ. Eventually I think VS Code and the like are going to be very well supported once that is properly integrated into the language.

> documentation

I learned Scala entirely through online documentation, plus a couple well-written books (the official Scala book and Functional Programming in Scala, which are very good for beginners). I hear that [this course](https://www.coursera.org/learn/progfun1) is also very good but I've never taken it. I can't really speak for older Scala though. Maybe the documentation was a lot worse back then, and that's a fair criticism, but I'd say it's quite good today for the most part. Underscore.io also publishes a lot of free, helpful books.

> backward stability

Eh. I'd agree with you there in the sense that they're changing things with the langauge very regularly, but I'm glad it's not a full rewrite every so often or we aren't getting a Perl 6 situation at least. In a sense this is just part of it being an "academic" language like you say. Even with its downsides I can't say it's worse than Java languishing without major features for years though.
They're definitely putting a lot of effort into promoting the language (EDIT: and by integrating it with their extremely popular tooling and forming partnerships). I think that is perhaps the biggest reason it's more popular. Also the fact that it works a lot better on Android by default (and is an officially supported language) is huge.

That said I don't really believe it's "better" than Scala at most things it tries to do. Scala.js for example is much more mature than Kotlin on JS and is a real achievement in terms of mixing Scala's beautiful type system and semantics with JavaScript.

I don't dislike both languages though and I'd take either one over straight Java any day but I wouldn't pin Kotlin's success on anything specific to its competition with Scala. It's more of a combination of marketing, being a good fit for mobile, and being a less radical jump in functionality from Java.

Kotlin might be a better Java but Scala is basically a whole different language and should really be approached as such, for better or worse. Scala 3/Dotty is shaping up to be much leaner and more focused design and implementation-wise and I'm excited for that since it might breathe a lot of fresh air into the language since it's finally starting to get out of its "J++" phase.

EDIT: furthermore, I don't think a lot of Scala users were won over by Kotlin much at all because they try to solve different problems. Scala is a functional language for the JVM whereas Kotlin borrows functional concepts to provide a cleaner way to write more traditional Java apps that don't stray too far from what people are used to. Both have their merits and their use cases. Kotlin is getting a lot more users from the Java camp probably than any other, proportionally speaking, since there's a greater need for the changes it brings to the table.
Google Cloud Platform is like the Google equivalent of AWS or Azure but integrated with Google services and APIs. With Elixir, you can have native library support for Google APIs as well as supported hosting options for Elixir applications.
Fair enough. I've done that for MGSV and didn't feel like I was missing much there. That said, this game is very heavy on analog movement and aiming is not nearly as big an issue as some other games. You'll see what I mean if you try it out yourself. Lock-on takes up a vast majority of your shooting anyway since you'll need to use the face buttons to attack.
It doesn't, but you can do the "mouse like camera" option which is great for third person action gameplay. Most of the time you'll be using lock-on anyway but when you're not you'll be way more accurate than just using a normal controller. What you have to do is adjust the sensitivity in the game to be higher and then adjust within steam to find that sweet spot for movement speed for the camera.
Luckily(?) I'm stuck waiting for the PC release for Monster Hunter since that's where most of my friends will be playing so it's obvious which of the two games I'm getting this week. Also helps that I've got XX imported for my Switch to scratch that monster hunting itch. World looks so much more polished but I'll survive until the Fall... Hopefully. Enjoy MHW man. This your first time with the series or are you a veteran?
Also did this. It's really great how the Steam controller gives you so much freedom to play games however you want. I got mouse like camera controls in the main game and twin stick shooting in those other segments. It felt like the best of both worlds. One of the best games to use the controller with. Same with Dark Souls.
You'll be fine with Street Fighter V. The game has matured a lot and with Arcade Edition (it's actually out right now) it's better than ever in pretty much every way. Guilty Gear, BlazBlue, DBFZ, etc. are also very good but ArcSystemWorks games tend to be visually very complicated to follow unless you know what you're looking for, and they tend to have a lot of tertiary mechanics and characters that have gimmicks that bend the rules of the game.

The key at getting better, though, isn't what game you play but how much dedication you put into memorizing the trivialities. In short:

* Memorize the general controls
* Memorize the mechanics
* Pick a character - literally any character - and try them out and have fun. There's no "best" or "worst" choice in most games and even the worst options can be viable if played well.
* Practice basic "bread & butter" combos for that character. Basic things you should be able to pull off in a match without really thinking. Then go for the complex stuff later.
* DON'T rely on computer players as training partners. They tend to fall way too easily to things that will get you bodied in a real match. Maybe use them to get used to the basics of the game but you should always try to find human players to play with once you're comfortable with the game.
* Feel free to switch up your character with another if you want more variety or just don't like the one you're mostly using. You might find a new favorite.
* MOST IMPORTANTLY - practice practice practice. Basically, go into training mode and figure out what moves of yours are safe, unsafe, and can hit your opponent from how far. Do your combos until you can do them without thinking. Practice reaction times by training yourself to recognize common patterns in your opponent's behavior and countering them quickly. Learn what stupid decisions get you hit and focus on not doing those risky things as much as possible (a big one for me when I was starting out, where I'd throw out anything I felt like without thinking).

That's a tl;dr of basically every "how to be good at fighting games" type guide out there. It applies to pretty much everything. You won't go wrong by picking any major fighting game, but I would HIGHLY recommend ones with an active online community, and for right now that mostly seems to be either SFV or DBFZ (since it has so much hype). Flip a coin or just go with your gut! It takes time. I've put 170 hours into SFV on PC and I just recently got to Super Silver in Ranked which is "pretty alright".

PS: Guilty Gear and some other more "niche" games don't have anyone playing ranked much at all. Anyone playing online is likely doing straight player matches in a lobby mode or something. It's a common problem with ArcSys games in general tbh but you can't go wrong with playing them online near release.

PS Again: You might also be interested in games like Tekken. That has an active community across console and PC and isn't "2D" but it isn't entirely "3D" either depending on how you look at it. Pokken Tournament also has elements of 2D and 3D fighting games and it's excellent. One of my favorites in recent years because of how uniquely engaging it is. It also finds ranked matches way faster for me than SFV, oddly enough, and it even searches during loading screens which Capcom can't seem to figure out after all these years.
/uj

It's right up there with "I'm not racist/sexist but I'm so deathly afraid of being accused of that because I'm not 'politically correct' enough".

Of all the worries in the world to have, these are pretty much the equivalent of some 1st world, straight, white, male problem. Some people just live in this universe where their greatest imagined crime is false accusations against them which, honestly, says a lot about the kind of person who says that, their priorities, and their "privilege" by essentially revealing just how little real world problems they have to deal with.

Like yeah I get that "false accusations" are a problem (on some microscopic level) but you just can't solve that without also dismantling pretty much everything done up until this point to give victims a voice and adequate protections. Like how this basically erodes any expectation of privacy, and also doesn't completely prove consent.
I'd agree with you mostly but the game feels easy to me, much easier than the original game which was already somewhat easy for most of the story.

Now, Lightning Returns? That is totally underrated and a real hidden gem. Not perfect by any means but it feels unique in this world of cookie cutter JRPGs, and even by Final Fantasy standards. I never did finish it but I got far enough that I felt like it was very unfairly ignored by most of the gaming world.
I'm strongly tempted to play again because I was so disappointed the first time. I mean, I did like the game a lot but it never really felt as fleshed out as it deserved and it had such an underdeveloped story. Maybe after the next round of DLCs is out I'll jump back in. I'm quite excited to play a better version of a game I really wanted to love but it didn't quite get there at the time.
Everyday code's in a block.

Parse trees.
Google searches, my friend.
I'd fully agree. Here's a list I've compiled of the things I've learned from PCJ:

* zero-cost abstractions
* move semantics
* guaranteed memory safety
* threads without data races
* trait-based generics
* pattern matching
* type inference
* minimal runtime
* efficient C bindings
It uses the remastered audio from the CD soundtrack of the game instead which is higher quality but takes up more space IIRC.
Basically a large library that forms the backbone of your application, or a large part of it, by removing boilerplate and encouraging a certain design pattern or convention. So for Angular, it's made to encourage dependency injection and help automate the tedious concerns of data binding between your models and views.
Angular 1.x, yes. 2 and onward are written to not need it, though they do depend on RxJS for using HTTP which I can tolerate as Observables are awesome.
If you use Slack or Atom you'll see they tend to use quite a bit more memory. VSCode is very much the exception to the rule because it uses a lot of native platform optimizations AFAIK.
I remember the initial hype was pretty high. I loved playing NBA Jam and Street and so on with my friends and anything in the vein of those caught my interest. Then people started pointing out the developer's shoddy track record and I got nervous but still hopeful. Then it just turned out like this. It's so sad. Why can't we have a good simple arcade sports game anymore?
Basically. Both of mine were 15 weeks but some people there only did 12 and it was about that time both places.
To add to this: x64, as used by the parent comment, is a commonly used short form of x86_64, which is an extension of the general x86 architecture.
Fool me three times, you're officially that guy, okay? You know him, you know the one. You go up to the bar and he's like, "This suit is, uh, officially it's a Giorgio Armani, actually my dad knows him." Fuck you!

I AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN'T HAVIN' THAT SHIT
I highly doubt that the number of people who are turned off by denuvo have anything to do with how well it sells in the grand scheme of things. It's just not selling well period, even compared to other games with that. And it's a damn shame too since it's one of the best games of the year, but this year is absolutely filled with instant classics so it's hard to be upset.
If anything I think that doesn't really speak well for Prey. Absolutely zero of my few dozen Steam friends have played it, and it doesn't seem to be very popular elsewhere, even among fans of the genre. I love the game and I think it really deserved quite a bit more sales. Hollow Knight is also great and both games deserve every sale they get but Prey, as far as I'm aware, just isn't the best yardstick to measure with in this case. It also needs a lot more sales to make profit whereas Hollow Knight's team is probably doing a lot better.
> It's about limiting major portions of online content to those willing to access it in the way the corporation wants them to.

YouTube isn't just "Online Content". It is a service, provided to you free of charge, by Google. You have no guarantee, legally or ethically, that you should be able to access YouTube from any device you have or any application that wishes to connect to it. That's Google's right. You're essentially arguing that Google, by exercising their rights, is in the wrong and I just don't see how that makes sense.

> Still feel the same?

Of course I do because you're fundamentally misrepresenting and misunderstanding the issue. The entire idea behind net neutrality is that nobody owns the internet and nobody can gatekeep the internet. Therefore, even if Comcast "owns infrastructure" they cannot discriminate based on what data is being sent or to whom. Comcast does not own the content or services being provided via the internet and they are essentially artificial gatekeepers. Ideally, the internet would be provided as a public service or utility instead of by these predatory companies, so it could be guaranteed as a right to all citizens. YouTube, however, would not make sense as one of those. YouTube is an endeavor owned and operated by a large company. It is a service that only they provide and that they dictate the terms of.

The entire argument hinges on the fact that the Internet is not owned by anyone, and YouTube is owned by Google. If Comcast wants to discriminate data that's no different to the post office discriminating your mail. In fact, they've been taken to court over that and lost; GameFly discs were not being given the same precedence and privileges as Netflix DVDs and GameFly won, because their mail should be treated the same as everyone else's (citation below). They had no right to discriminate against them, like how Comcast should have no right to discriminate against your bits and bytes. Google, however, has every right to do that and, I'd argue, they have a good reason because Amazon started this whole stupid feud in the first place.

I mean, you wouldn't expect to normally see Pepsi products in a Coke vending machine, right? Or at a Coke-serving restaurant? This kind of thing is completely normal for competing companies. They have every right to exclude one another from competing products if they can't reach an agreement. It's not "pro-consumer" in the slightest and if anything, we're the losers, but that doesn't mean I can't be much more upset at one company than the other.

EDIT: Citation for the GameFly lawsuit: https://www.engadget.com/2013/01/11/court-rules-against-netflix-in-gamefly-postal-dispute/
No, it's not the same principle at all. Let me explain:

If I host my own website and I dislike you as a person or you're giving me a raw deal, I can block you from my website. You have no right to access my website. It's my private property. Comcast, however, cannot/should not block it from you because their job is to provide access to the internet. They do not own my website and cannot/should not decide whether or not you can access it, or how fast (beyond the initial bandwidth agreement). This would be like Net Neutrality if Comcast told Amazon that they'd have to pay extra fees to allow their customers to use YouTube, but this is Google themselves. Entirely different and not the same principle whatsoever.

The situation here is that Amazon is trying to have their cake and eat it too. They take advantage of Google's services without giving them a fair trade and Google's rightfully pissed. Google has no requirement to support the YouTube app on Amazon devices and can cut them off, block them, whatever. Google is not the internet. You do not have a right to access YouTube by default under the law. That's Google's right to give to you, and also Amazon.
Net Neutrality has nothing to do with this and it's not hypocritical at all. YouTube at Google is a private company and they can do whatever they'd like and choose who can access their content. YouTube is not a human right like the internet arguably should be. The issue here is that Amazon, which might as well have a monopoly on the online shopping market, is being anti-competitive with Google and trying to have their cake and eat it too. Having a supported YouTube app is a privilege that Amazon has to earn at this point and they have not exactly shown interest in playing ball by being willing to sell Google's products or integrate with their APIs. Google's absolutely in the right with this one I'd argue.
Net Neutrality has nothing to do with this kind of thing. Google's absolutely in the right here. Nobody has a right to access YouTube by default. It's a private company and they can do whatever they want. The issue with Net Neutrality is that the internet as a whole should not have gatekeepers and artificial "fast lanes" that unfairly prioritize content. It defeats the open spirit of the internet. Google is under no obligation to support YouTube on every single device.
Oh heck I remembered this game from a random shareware CD my grandparents had. It was like sci-fi GTA on my hard drive. I'd wind up becoming a terrifying outlaw every time I played and took out everyone I came across. Such a fun and unique game. Thank you for reminding me of this.
Hopefully you at least watched The Lego Movie that year where it got totally ignored besides that nomination for song. One of the most creative and enjoyable animated movies I've seen in my life. Lord & Miller are comedic geniuses.
That one is great and an absolute must watch, yes especially considering its short length. However I don't know if you know this but the person above was referring to the *other* show with that name, the 3D Disney one that aired for several seasons. I've never seen it but it also has its fans, so there's that. Unfortunately it's not nearly as gorgeously animated though.
I really enjoyed Noah actually. If you go into it expecting the biblical equivalent of something like Black Swan then it's fantastic. It mainly depends on whether or not you buy the world-building. Read up a bit on their influences in the film and you'll see it's actually pretty mystical in nature. Don't, and it'll seem kinda hokey and weird. All the characters make sense and the story is pretty meaningful and powerful, but the biggest thing I see people criticize is whether or not the movie's interpretation of the Noah story meshes well with them. It is in no way a bad movie either way.

If you loved The Fountain, btw, Noah is very much along those lines and shares some imagery and audio cues.
Black Swan was the movie that got me "into movies". My family was out for the weekend and at the time (I was younger than 16/18) I was curious about it even though it was not really the kind of movie my mom would allow me to watch. Watched it anyway, it drove me to tears.

These days I'm an avid follower of movies and I'd like to think that Black Swan was that tipping point where I realized that movies are so much more than just spectacle you put on when you're bored. You can get invested in it and feel things you never intended. Obviously it's not the first dramatic movie I've ever seen but it's the first one that I felt treated me like an adult and had something powerful and meaningful to say without spelling it out for the audience. It really is a masterpiece and I'm a big fan of Aronofsky today as a result.
Another fun one is the Escape Goat series (2 being the better one). I played that one as well by taking turns with my fiancee and we had a lot of fun. If she loves more technical puzzles you can't go wrong with Infinifactory as well.

Oh, and can't forget World of Goo! WiiWare and Switch game that's one of the best indie games ever made IMO. Also available on PC and mobile but the Nintendo versions are the most accessible and best since they have co-op. Also look into Human Resource Machine from the same developers; more technical like Infinifactory but it's really fun. Basically a "programming puzzle game".
... yeah you know what, it was kinda stupid of me to make that useless comment. I was running on like four hours of sleep and was excited at seeing the new BotW being up and I guess my "pointless comment" filter wasn't fully up and running. I agree it does give off that vibe and I've removed it. I don't normally do that since I like to stand by my comments even if people don't like them but yeah that one was dumb. Idk why I felt I had to talk about that.

I guess what I might have been trying to say was "It's interesting how sometimes such small things are so much more enjoyable and personal than the big 'must see' things all the ads beg us to buy and see and do" but I came across as an ass farming for upvotes. So yeah.
They're not co-op but maybe try playing The Talos Principle and The Witness together. Pass it off between puzzles. I do this with my fiancee and it's a blast.
I think part of it is the fact that people look for different things in movies. Critics watch a ton of movies and, if they're well schooled in it, tend to know what movies are worth watching more than the average Joe. That does not mean, however, that the movies that are "worth watching" will even appeal to the average moviegoer. So when you get something like Bright that does not really come together for a majority of critics (30% is still about 1/3 if you're a glass half full kind of guy) but it's something that will carve out a certain niche, that niche is going to be overly positive. A good example is Kung Pow: Enter the Fist. Low-brow, juvenile, generally poor reviews across the board yet it has tons of fans that see it as a classic comedy movie (and I enjoy it myself). But that doesn't really mean the movie is great, just that it appeals to a very vocal set of people. I imagine that is a similar case with Bright.
Were you quoting the best underrated movie of all time, In Bruges?

If not then it's totally deserved. /s
The game runs fine on most peoples' computers. There are a few hardware combinations that do pose problems but you'll know based on what other people say. I've got a 980 Ti GPU and an i5 3570k CPU and it runs like a dream. Well, it ran better after I installed the mod and tweaked it a bit but I could have lived without it. That mod being "FAR", which fixes a lot of minor problems and it kinda like a DSfix for NieR. Highly recommended.

I say, try the game out and if it doesn't completely die on you before 2 hours you're likely good. Don't let peoples' horror stories drive you away. If you own a PS4 you might be better getting it for that though, not because it runs or looks better (it doesn't) but because it's a more consistent experience. For the record though, I played the game with a custom Steam Controller config and it was beautiful. It'll work with KB+mouse as well (though not *quite* as easily).
In Ocarina of Time it's only mirrored if you play Master Quest. The main game is not mirrored at all and Link is left-handed as he normally is.
Well concessions have to be priced higher because of companies like Disney strong-arming the industry to give them a higher percentage of ticket profits. That, combined with the lower attendance, means they've gotta get money somehow.

I think, more than anything, it's a sign of the times. People can watch any movie they want from their home streaming online. Why pay to go to a theater unless you're going to splooge over the video and sound quality? Many theaters aren't so great and don't give you a much better experience than from home for the price, anyway. Also they're a bit too loud for me for some movies. Just got out of The Last Jedi last night and I could almost hear my ears ringing. So loud... And the movie wasn't even that great for the price either. If I waited for it to come out on video and watch it like that I'd have had a more enjoyable time.

MoviePass is really only going to be a popular thing for people who are actually willing to go to the movies to see things they normally wouldn't see. As that, it's fantastic, but I don't think it's going to be a great boost to attendance overall because you have to deal with the iffy quality of some theaters on top of that.
Thank you, I think you've really hit the nail on the head with this one. TLJ is not the worst movie ever made by any stretch of the imagination but it is just so disappointing that it throws everything it does that *could have been* interesting under the bus. It goes a step further by removing any and all tension with lame attempts at humor instead of just, you know, letting tense moments be tense? Is that such a hard concept, Disney? Or are you afraid?  Do you not have confidence in your own storytelling abilities?

Personally I'd do all of your alteration suggestions except Leia should have been the one to lightspeed-ram the ship. Would have been incredibly emotional but instead we got the asshole purplish-pink-haired lady who refused to tell anyone her plan. I felt no sympathy for her even if she meant well. Leia though... Would have been heartbreaking.
Steam Controllers are really something else but you **have** to know what you're getting into before you commit. You don't have a traditional "right stick" or directional pad, for example, but you can work around that and often times the workarounds can be better than what you're used to.

For example, you can simulate a mouse-like camera movement in games that don't support using a mouse and buttons at the same time. Slide the sensitivity way up in game, set the right pad to "mouse-like camera", and you're golden. You can also simulate moving the mouse to specific areas by mapping the right pad to an area of the screen, which is great for, say, pointer emulation in Dolphin (makes emulating Super Mario Galaxy really simple if you set the mouse to be the IR pointer).

Another thing you can do with it is set vibrations on certain button/stick actions. Lets say you love arcade sticks for fighting games but can't afford one. Well, set the analog stick to D-pad emulation and set it to "click" for each 8-way direction. Bam, feels almost like the real thing (obviously not quite, but it's a good step up).

I'd recommend browsing some of the top posts at /r/SteamController to see what people say. I've [written a guide getting it up and running with Dolphin](https://www.reddit.com/r/SteamController/comments/4q4lan/configuration_using_the_steam_controller_with/) you can check out to see how it works (the info might be slightly outdated but the general idea is the same).

Overall highly recommended. Doesn't replace other controllers but if you love games and trying new things, it's a must-have. My daily driver for PC gaming with a controller in pretty much every circumstance except some retro games.
I mean, if you've never played any other high-quality $20 game then sure. Pretty much every major indie game of the past decade around that price point is significantly better, I'd argue. I guess if you say "within the confines of its genre", for $20 what it was was alright at best, I'll give it that.
This is the one I remember. Such a fun, yet totally broken online game. Really wish Nintendo would somehow bring it back in some form.
Hmm, I must have been mistaken. I just assumed it was because of their marketing partnership. My bad.
Literally the only console I don't own this generation is an Xbox (that will change as soon as I get a 4K TV, probably) but I for one am very glad that Microsoft, in realizing this was an uphill/losing battle for them to push Xbox as a competitor to PC and the PS4, are embracing the cross-platform gaming business wherever they can. Minecraft is getting cross-platform, Rocket League as well even though it isn't their game, and they're publishing all of their major games on both Xbox and the most popular Windows outlets (Steam, Windows Store, and in Cuphead's case even GOG). I've gotta hand it to them. I went from looking at them as the "questionably unethical" company several years ago to a company that is embracing cooperation in the world of gaming and forming a niche for themselves.

I think it also has a bit to do with their switch to newer leadership in the past several years in their most major departments. Microsoft as a whole is also embracing open-source software like Linux in their offerings and they produce one of the best coding text editors actively in development (VS Code). As they say, "The king is dead; long live the king!"
Right, that's kinda what I'm saying. The gaming landscape has changed for Microsoft so much that one of their biggest games of the year isn't really associated with the Xbox brand. People don't really associate Xbox with great games you can't get anywhere else anymore, and that has changed the landscape for Microsoft and gamers as a whole are fluidly buying games all over the place much more than they used to.
Not necessarily. Some games have dedicated followings on certain platforms. For example, the Steamworld Dig series is notoriously popular on Nintendo systems, even when compared to PC. And Braid/Super Meat Boy were very much XBLA-associated games.

~~Also it's published by Microsoft. Hardly indie by any definition. Small scale and budget, definitely, but not indie.~~

EDIT: Was wrong about the last bit, you can stop downvoting now.
What I'm saying is that the game doesn't really seem to be convincing anybody to buy an Xbox, statistically speaking. If people want the game they're more likely to get it for PC and it's not exactly a high end game so you can play it on most any Windows computer.
I find it funny that the game that is Microsoft's big "exclusive" of the year (besides Forza) for their main gaming platform is selling significantly better on their PC platform they've historically neglected for years until very recently as opposed to their main console, where you'd normally expect most of the sales to be any other generation. I think it says a lot about the state of gaming today and how people are far less tied down to specific console hardware (i.e. "Xbox gamers")

EDIT: i'm confused about the downvotes. All I'm saying is remarking that the gaming landscape is so different today and that a game like this would be more popular on PC than on Microsoft's console all things considered. Or are people thinking I'm bashing Microsoft? Not in the slightest. If anything I'm greatly happy to be able to play Cuphead on PC and that they're taking steps to be a more inclusive company.
Last I checked, basically everything by Naughty Dog actually was at least as ingrained to the design of the hardware as MGS4 was and then some. They even wrote a lot of the documentation that third party developers used in their own games. If it wasn't for their work a lot of devs would barely understand making games for the PS3. IIRC anyway. And those games got ported just fine.
> People who talk like you don't think in practical terms and get all philosophical about this type of shit.

Hold on, what are you accusing me of here? What is so "philosophical" or not practical about type-safety or being able to use a language's unique and powerful features in a new context? If all you're doing is just compiling one language to another I guess that's "ok", as I said, but there's nothing really about Go that makes working on web software any easier.

You say you want to use it to "easily port code" to the new platform but what will just end up happening is that you will have to maintain code in two different languages for different parts of the application now. It's not so much "porting" the code to another language as you say it is because the output will not necessarily be a simple conversion from one langauge to another. That's part of what makes Typescript so great actually; when it compiles to JS, the languages are so similar to begin with since Typescript is a superset that it's a lot easier to transition to it one-way - not the other way, though. You just don't go from Typescript to plain JS because it has so many constructs that have to get compiled down into plain, vanilla JS. If you're going to port from one language to another your best option is to just rewrite it line-by-line instead of becoming dependent on a compiler. Now, if you had the *entire application* or some large, cross-platform-compatible library written in Go and transpiled it to run on Node, that might be a different and more understandable story, but like I said I'm struggling to see what parts of the Go language or community libraries are so essential that it would be a net benefit to write your JS app in Go, as opposed to, say, Scala.js which has amazing functional programming libraries.

That said, "all you get" is shared code, and I guess there's some benefit in a scenario where you have a Golang server app and want to reuse the same models or some basic logic in your client side. Even then, though, it's still limiting yourself because, as I said, the Go language is just so simplistic by design that it would make expressing some type relationships very difficult. You'd probably get more mileage out of compiling another language *to Go* instead of the other way around.

EDIT: some clarifications
This is cool and all, certainly not a horrible idea, but what do you gain from Go being transpiled to JS besides code reuse? If what you want is type safety or more flexibility and guarantees when writing your code then Go seems like a step backwards due to its lack of generics among other things. Integration with existing libraries sounds like it would be significantly more complicated because the Go language is so basic at its core that you could not possibly represent some of the characteristics of some JavaScript code in it. Compared to, say, Typescript or Scala.js you're just not getting enough bang for your buck. Typescript feels very much like a natural extension of JavaScript and Scala.js has so many amazing benefits over that if you're a fan of the Scala ecosystem and its guarantees for type-safety. And don't even get me started on things like Elm or Bucklescript as well. Is there anything about the Go language as it is designed that would make code written in it any better than these two options?

That said I guess it existing isn't going to harm anyone, but that's also what people said about JavaScript in the first place, and we know what happened with that, so...
Yeah, this is the series where they had to contrive a timeline split in three parts because of irreconcilable differences in the world design and lore. The world's story and continuity are the *least* important things they think of, with the exception of maybe Skyward Sword and BotW since those are canonically the "first" and "last" games in the series in ways that don't entirely make sense and introduce more questions than answers. What makes the games great in terms of story is the little things, not the big picture.
Starhawk on PS3 actually did have some interesting building mechanics as well. Too bad nobody besides me and maybe a half-dozen other people actually played that game because it was very fun. It was sort of a team-based shooter crossed with mechs and RTS-style building mechanics where you could put in walls, useful buildings, and helpful objects all around the map at your leisure.
What you said about git reminded me something from my project. Two of the people in the group had never had any experience using git so they used the GitHub client instead of the one built into the IDE we were using or the command line. Somehow for every commit they replaced every single file in the repository because they didn't know what they were doing. I had to look over and manually compare every single file line by line to see the changes and properly port them over for everyone. It was a nightmare... Learn you a VCS, O students of the future. Save your project partners a lot of trouble.
During the questions portion he mentions universities only teaching Java and nothing else. I completely agree that it's tragic, not because Java is a bad language or anything but because it doesn't give anyone a clear picture of what actual software development is like. I've recently graduated myself from a smaller college and I was able to land a pretty sweet gig at a local company but that was only because I bothered to step outside of the very, very narrow range of programming topics I was taught over those 4-5 years and build up my resume to have a much wider variety of things in different languages and paradigms.

---

For an example of what I mean and how it affects students, we had a "Software Engineering" class where we were grouped up and produced a project in whatever languages and frameworks we wanted as long as we documented the process and wrote the requisite documentation. Sounds great right? Well, most of my team was painfully unqualified to do any of that kind of development. The only langauge everybody knew was Java (and a little C# because one or two of them had side-jobs that used it) and they had absolutely no experience with any modern frameworks, tools, or technologies outside of what we used previously (which was JSPs, a text editor, and plain old javac). I had to step in and teach them about pretty much every single thing we decided on as a group, and if I wasn't in the group I don't even think we'd have used normal Java. In a previous class we were taught to make a web application using JSPs (!!) and I basically had to beg to use a modern framework so we could have a competitive design and learn some more in the process (we settled on [Spark](http://sparkjava.com/) which is quite nice and simple).

One of the other teams, for their project, used JSPs because it was all they knew and they had a very hard time making anything remotely acceptable for the final presentation. One other team also used the same frameworks we did by coincidence and their project turned out fantastic (ours was great as well, of course) but you could tell that there was a lot more enthusiasm for trying new things and exploring new ideas on the other team.

---

So I guess the **TL;DR** is that we really need to be doing more of an effort in Computer Science courses to instill the virtues of trying new things and exploring new concepts. New languages, frameworks, tooling, ideas, etc. Having students write painfully simple Java programs in a basic text editor for 4 years with almost no exposure to things like, say, Functional Programming and various scripting languages (for a start) is going to greatly limit where the students are going to end up and they might never break free of that kind of limited thinking.
This is true, I'll admit that. I do like how you can go all the way back if you wanted. In the late-game in XIII I realized that, even if I wanted to, there was no really good reason to go back and you were prevented from doing so completely, whereas X does have some things in previous areas you can figure out later.

I think another part was that along the way you'd run into slightly more varied areas from time to time that required backtracking within themselves. Towns, cities, etc. became little mini-events in the story where you'd wander around briefly before moving onto the next objective. XIII did have one or two of those but they weren't "towns", just corridors inside of one. Lightning Returns greatly fixes this issue IMO because those are literally the entire game, and it benefits from it. XIII-2 was also a step in the right direction but it wasn't quite as varied.

EDIT: But even then I think that's a bit of a minor detail in the grand scheme of things. Something that would maybe drop 0.5 points on the average person's scale, if that.
That doesn't mean the game is bad, just that it's different from every other FF game (besides X, which is ironically loved despite being very similar in that respect, plus having annoyingly-arbitrary puzzles to solve on top). XIII was a fundamentally different type of game that did not prioritize exploring a new area but instead prioritized a combat system that would gradually change to be more complex and interesting as time went on.

One of the things FFXIII had that was a revelation to me was how you could switch, on the fly, the entire AI pattern of your party (Paradigm Shifts). This felt tangential to an innovation from FFXII where you could customize their AI at the micro-management level with the Gambit system, but it already figured out most of the common decisions for you. Ideally I'd have liked to tweak it a bit more but eh, it's good enough.

You're right though that the game had a big problem, but it's not unique to FFXIII. Every other FF game is a bit of a slow grind in the beginning and they do not get anywhere near an adequate level of challenge and mechanical complexity until, I'd say, 3-5 hours in at a bare minimum. Well, every post-SNES one, anyway, and even VI was fairly basic at the start. FFXIII I felt started to get interesting gameplay-wise around chapter 3 or 4, which was around that timeframe. Combat got more difficult, you started getting interesting abilities, and the game started branching out a bit in terms of setting and story as well.

To compare and contrast: I started playing FFXII: The Zodiac Age a few months ago and I remembered XII as being an amazing game with incredible strategic depth, but it's far more basic than a lot of people recognize. It's not until the final areas of the main story as well as the post-game (and what a post-game it is) that the game gets anywhere near the levels of praise I had for it. Before then, it's good, but fairly basic and you spend a lot of your time walking around mostly generic landscapes and dungeons without much in the way of challenge. XIII I guess has the opposite problem in that the combat gets more interesting quicker, but you don't explore until far later.

I will say this, though: XIII, like the other games in the series, really could have used a bit more to do early-on. XIII-2 and Lightning Returns both fix this admirably (though I find XIII-2 to be a bit on the frustratingly easy side when not doing boss encounters) but you're completely right that the main game does take a while to get going. If you look past the shiny finish of all the other games in the series, you'll find similar flaws, albeit covered up masterfully and not quite as blatant as they were in XIII, which I think is the real problem. In the end the game is just as linear as most of the other games in the series, but it doesn't "feel" as free as they seemed at a glance, even though they really weren't. It takes a certain mindset to be able to enjoy XIII and I found I was able to properly appreciate it by looking at it as a combat-first game as opposed to a traditional JRPG. Which kinda goes back into what I was saying in that it had that franchise "baggage" weighing it down.
Yeah I think Other M gets *way* too bad a rep all things considered. It had a lot of positives that people don't give it credit for, particularly the creepy atmosphere and the way the cutscenes flowed into the gameplay was very well-done. The game is honestly quite good at being a 3D "classic-style" Metroid game as well. The combat is a bit repetitive but it can be quite challenging and rewarding in a few instances and the exploration feels as good as ever. The story kinda fizzled out but I think people, particularly the ever-picky Metroid fans, hold it to too high of a standard. The game in any other series would have been pretty well-liked IMO. This is also a problem Final Fantasy XIII had which I often hear a lot, which is that it isn't a bad game but it would have been much more well-liked if people didn't have so many expectations for it (for the record I quite like both FFXIII and Other M so, well, I guess I'm good at separating my inner fanboy out if anything).

Also agreed about missiles since it kinda cheapened a lot of the game in retrospect. Not so much about surviving from one area to the next and more about surviving individual encounters which, while not bad, just isn't what Metroid is all about.
I stopped playing Hearthstone shortly after the first expansion came out because I could smell this a mile away. Card games like this can be fun but they all devolve into this pay-to-win gamble where if you're not a whale, you can't properly play competitively. Compare and contrast with fighting games like Street Fighter, Injustice, Tekken, etc. or multiplayer shooters like Counter-Strike and Splatoon where the only thing separating you from your opponent is your personal skill and experience with the game. Not your deck that you've invested so much money into, not the luck of the draw, just raw skill. I think those kinds of games that are purely competitive without bringing money and luck into it are inherently superior to even the best competitive card games for that reason. They're less scummy, there's less potential for exploitation of the customer base, and you get exactly what you pay for. After the recent Battlefront II debacle, I think a lot of this should be common sense by now but I've been saying things to that effect for years. Every card pack is essentially a loot box and you're expected to dump so much time AND money into the game in order to remain current.
Catholics aren't usually the problem. It's a lot of the less organized or borderline cultish Christian denominations that cultivate the crazy. I've been Catholic my whole life and while you do get the occasional young-earth creationist, by and large the majority of them seem to be politically sane.

In particular, anything in the spectrum of Baptist denominations is pretty troubling IMO. I was home-schooled for high school several years ago from "Abeka" which is produced by Pensacola Christian College (a crazy, cult-like Christian college; look it up sometime), and our history book's last chapter warned about "globalists" trying form a new world order. Not the brightest bulbs there... Kinda terrifying honestly. In a way I'm glad I got that education though because it pushed me so far left in the long run from being exposed to those perspectives and being able to realize just how painfully, disturbingly wrong they are. I did enjoy bible class though. Gotta hand it to those guys to (mostly) know their scripture.
Not the person you responded to but I love Pokken Tournament DX recently. If you enjoy fighting games it's a really well made game with great balance and simple mechanics that still leaves a lot of room for skill. I'm competing in a tournament next month for it in Chicago so hopefully ranked matches can prep me...

Also I love Fast RMX as a futuristic racing game. Honestly it's not quite on the same level as F-Zero or WipEout but if you enjoy those games you'll get a lot of fun out of this. It's a lot closer to F-Zero though.

I also imported the Japanese version of Monster Hunter XX which, as a fan of the series, is very good even with the language barrier. There are lots of helpful guides to find your way around. However I would honestly recommend waiting for MHW instead unless you're a super fan who needs to play every game. It will have a lot of nice improvements and we might even get a portable game based on it sooner or later.

Some other smaller games are the best versions of The Binding of Isaac, Stardew Valley, and Shovel Knight to name a few. If you haven't already played them or you want to play them on the go you can't go wrong with getting them on Switch.

Last but not least I love ARMS and Splatoon 2 for being so insanely creative that they're fun to play solely because there's nothing else like them on the market. Great visual and audio design and full 60fps too for both. I'm by no means a pro at either of them but they are some of the most consistently enjoyable multiplayer experiences you can get.
Centralfiction is out on PC as well now for the record :) http://store.steampowered.com/app/586140/BlazBlue_Centralfiction/
Gamers are pretty bad at this. Didn't bother finishing a game all the way through? You can't critique it. Finished the game all the way through but thought it was too difficult or unfair? You just need to "get good". Mention that difficulty in games is intimidating to you or some other people and that you just want to feel empowered or experience a story? "Maybe gaming just isn't for you".

Source: Personal experience and things I've read on Reddit and elsewhere.
This is truly going to be the Dark Souls of pop-culture-referencing movies.
I've tried various "lite" apps and they just don't cut it for me. Wonky or buggy UI, inconsistent experience, and they often miss some features I take for granted like calls or stickers (my girlfriend is obsessed with them, don't really have much of a choice). I need full support for pretty much every core feature besides M and that weird Snapchat ripoff. Also they don't always notify me as consistently as the official app and don't play as nicely with my smartwatch in my experience.
Not Messenger as a concept for an app itself but oh golly goodness do they add new useless features to it every other day it seems like. Now it's not only a messenger but also a full-on snapchat clone with a "story"-esque thing you share images and videos to that are visible for a short period of time. And now it also has its own assistant "M" that pops up at the bottom of the screen to oh-so-helpfully point you in whatever direction it imagines you're going, a-la Clippy.
Since this is /r/programming I'm assuming you won't mind editing a few config files, so I'd like to point you in the direction of [Ice](http://scottrice.github.io/Ice/). It's a tool to automatically scan for and add ROMs on your hard drive to add to Steam. You specify in some config files what emulator EXE to load, what command-line flags and options (e.g. to load the game directly instead of having to navigate the UI/menus) to use, and what directories your ROMs are in. I've got mine custom-configured to use RetroArch for basically everything pre-2000 and Dolphin/PCSX2 set up with their own custom config for Wii, GC, and PS2 games. Should also work for RPCS3, in theory.
I still have my family members ranting about RT sometimes when they talk about a movie having a very high or low score. I always, always have to remind them that it is just the percentage of recognized critics who would recommend you go see the movie. That's it. Sometimes you even get scores of 2/5 that end up being positive on RT because that's how the critic sees their score.
It's less mainstream than PUBG is what I meant. That was by far the "mainstream" choice, by comparison.
Well the way I saw it, have a users table with a unique constraint on the username. Boom, done. They forgot to check for it in their code and it retrieved the first user account they found with a given name instead.

What happened was they had the check for making new user accounts but if you modified an existing account username and submitted it there was no check.
What about transitioning to a new schema? With SQL I can write a script that alters a table and modifies existing rows that runs as a transaction.
Well, they *did* have a bit of a hand in getting The Twin Snakes out the door IIRC. Silicon Knights developed that and they had a strong working relationsihp with Nintendo back then.
For me it was a combination of the following:

* Extremely fluid combat dynamics - combat just flows from one enemy to the next effortlessly with combos you can just come up with mid-fight that the developers already figured out ahead of time.
* Great atmosphere - Almost no other games like it in any category.
* Variety of weapons and level design - Every other minute there's something new around the corner to try out or a new enemy to fight.
* Stylish and over-the-top cheesy as fuck - I just love games like this that are constantly outdoing themselves in the "wtf just happened" department. Also has some RE4 vibes with the cheesiness.

The first game does have some rough spots though. Difficulty spikes, some annoying QTEs... But all-in-all it's an amazing game. Bayonetta 2 on the other hand is basically perfection. Everything that was good about Bayonetta 1 is there as well as much more color and personality along with fixing pretty much every minor issue I had with the first game and a smoother difficulty curve. It is also a tad easier overall if that helps.
I mean Bayonetta on Steam, for all intents and purposes (besides the Nintendo-only bonus content), is the superior version of the game. Best performance, best resolution, an all-around great port with silky-smooth visuals. Why not get Bayonetta 2 on the eShop and Bayonetta on Steam? Or, you can always double-dip and show your support :)

Of course the game runs great on the Wii U too (and will on the Switch for sure) but it's worth thinking about.
I think, in these situations, we should be happy that Nintendo can even count to 3 at all for their much-beloved franchises.

(*looks at Valve*)
> the placement of sponsor products was pretty blatant

Hey I'll take whatever they did this year over the Schick Hydrobot... thing... that they had that other year.

But yes this was a good watch. Tons of great new reveals, most of the awards were very well-deserved, and it felt like everybody else there was enjoying it too.

Also #fucktheoscars
Except GOTY because Zelda won that, and I guarantee you it has an order of magnitude less players than PUBG. I thought that, with it competing with Nintendo's other GOTY nom Mario Odyssey, it wouldn't have won, but lo and behold a miracle happened. And gaming was sane once more for a few precious moments.
It absolutely is a meaningful change and it gets rid of boilerplate because you'd only be specifying when things allow nulls, which is rarer and more meaningful. I'd rather be explicit about where I *don't* need data to exist than the opposite. In many ways this could also help reduce bugs because sometimes you just forget to put "NOT NULL" after tedium typing it out column after column after column.

Of course it's only the first change I'd make. I'm no expert but it's the first thing that came to mind that I didn't like about the language.
Definitely one of the top surprises of the evening for me. I haven't even played The Vanishing of Ethan Carter yet but knowing its reputation I was already stoked. It looked atmospheric and beautiful... And then it just throws you for a curveball.
It's not about what it "looks like" but what you can do. It's an interactive co-op story designed to be played with two people. There are very, very few (if any) good co-op games that try to have dynamic story content. That makes it worth making at least. Whether or not it'll be good is up in the air but it looks promising to me.
I'd love a variant of SQL which had, at the very least, "NOT NULL" as the default. I'd be able to reduce a lot of typing if I only had to specify, say, "NULLABLE" or "OPTIONAL" instead. I mean, technically it makes sense that "NOT NULL" has to be specified because it's a type of constraint but it's *so* common and practically required to effectively utilize the relational model since you need at least one key for almost every type of table you'd ever write.
I went through this myself with my first time trying out Mongo. At first it was convenient enough but then I realized that I wanted to get related items together in a query and that just wasn't feasible. Replaced the whole thing with Postgres and it works like a charm.

Another thing that a lot of people don't realize when they start using other solutions with less strictness is that when you don't have a schema (or a very, very basic schema compared to full-on constraints) you still do have a schema, only it's implicit. It's your job to do everything the database would *normally* do for you with regards to checking for valid data types and whatnot. Change your definition of what a "user" is in your database? Invalid "users" can still be saved, more likely than not, because your apps that use that database are now using different "implicit schemas". So then you have to basically put your entire data schema into your program logic and that's almost always error-prone as heck.

---

Example from personal experience: we had a project composed of multiple microservices that used shared APIs that ran on an embedded system. As such, the datastore had to be runnable locally on the embedded device and with as little memory as possible. The obvious choice would be SQLite, right? Well, the team developing the microservice for authentication was fond of Go and refused to interop with C for some reason (something about it being "more work"). One day, I accidentally sent some invalid user data to their API and it accepted it, which renamed a user to have the same name as the main admin account of the whole system, completely borking the system for everyone.

So of course, I ask why we aren't using any kind of DB constraints to prevent this in the first place, and I get a response: "we're using a key-value store written in Go because schemas are inflexible". This was supposed to be shipping as 1.0 in less than a week and the whole system was falling apart like a house of cards, but this bug (and some others like it) pushed that date back indefinitely.

Fortunately I'm no longer working with them and have a job where people don't have their heads in the cloud (ha) but it was an experience I'll never forget as far as the power of hype being put into the wrong hands on projects.

Know SQL. Know the relational model. Non-relational data stores are perfectly fine in some edge cases but you should know the trade-offs before committing to them as well as committing yourself to a *very thorough* test suite.

**EDIT:** some more clarity
It's strange but I also have the same issue with the fanboys. Not just about the game but if you dare criticize JRPG tropes and cliches in general you'll get downvoted. Like, maybe I don't appreciate blatant, immature fanservice and the like in my games and just want to enjoy a good story. Those things are not mutually exclusive.

But I guess I'm just a "reactionary SJW cuck" or whatever, right?
> Got a PS4 as well, and man oh man is Switch/Ps4/PC the best way to game now a days. 

Well, what are your other options? Xbox with little-to-no new exclusives in the past year? Mobile games infested with IAPs and ads, and worse controls for the most part?

I mean every system has a lot of must-play games nowadays, even the ones mentioned above. But of course a combination of the three most popular and most-well-supported systems (in the Switch's case, it definitely seems to be doing better than the XBO relative to its launch) is going to be a good choice since it's basically 3/5 of the major options these days.
Nah they wouldn't make a Half-Life one because that would be the third card game and we all know what Valve can't do.
Well the game doesn't really seem to advertise support for the touch controllers anywhere. It just seems to me like they didn't even really bother with supporting Touch and it just expects you to have a controller on hand. The Vive wand support just emulates a controller anyway.
Hm, I suppose that's alright. I wish there was more of an indication that it was the case. Either way, it would have been nice for the game to properly support the Touch controllers. Thanks for the information!
Wow, really? Guess I'm cancelling my refund requests!
Good to hear, I just might do that. Thanks!

EDIT: apparently that's not the case and the person above me was being disingenuous.
**EDIT:** A few words.

---

> I can't remember the last time a game with multiple difficulties didn't offer the option for me to change it (at least to a lower one) during my playthrough.

If you play any game made before 2011-2012, maybe. Some (but not all) newer games do allow you to adjust which is great but it's not a panacea either. Sometimes you just forget the option is there and get bored or frustrated from the game being too easy/hard, or maybe there's not a proper "middle ground" with one step up in the difficulty being poorly balanced and not a good fit for you or your playstyle.

Also nobody is fueling "outrage culture". Nobody is outraged except people who disagree with the article (ironically enough). The entire point is to have a discussion about difficulty in games and to present a perspective that they're not exactly perfect the way they are, adjustable or not. They can be intimidating and not entirely clear what they entail, or whether or not later on the difficulty you initially chose was a good choice.

I've got a good example from personal experience: Kingdom Hearts 2. The game is notorious for having an "inverse difficulty curve" that starts out fairly difficult, but later on the game gets rather easy until the final boss battles as you get so many extremely powerful abilities that it almost breaks the game on easier difficulties. Even on harder difficulties it's still mostly just mashing X and Triangle.

Early on in the game, there's a boss battle as Roxas that is particularly difficult if you're new to the battle systems in the game. I played the game first on Proud difficulty (basically Hard Mode) after hearing how easy the game was and that boss kicked my ass. I switched to Normal (which required replaying the game up to that point) but regretted it a few hours later when the game started getting easier. Nowadays I play the game on Critical (only in Final Mix) since it makes the game a lot more challenging where it counts, but that style of play is not for everyone and I'd only recommend it to people who can beat it easily on Proud. And even though there are HD remasters of the games in the series, none of them allow you to adjust the difficulty mid-game. The only KH game to do so, to my knowledge, was Re:coded for the DS (which was never remade, sadly). It allowed you to increase enemy health, attack power, and even limit the effectiveness of your own abilities for a chance at greater rewards.

So I guess the summary of the problems here are:

* Game difficulty names are not very descriptive.
* Even if they are descriptive, they do not accurately convey the difficulty curve in the game itself or what parts of the game the difficulty option affects.
* Difficulty options usually don't affect enemy AI or level design, instead just buffing up enemies or giving you a more narrow window of success.
* Difficulty options fail to account for multiple playstyles, including people who, say, just want to enjoy the story. Newer games are much better at this but it's still a problem point in many newer games, and especially older ones. A lot of RPGs in particular could benefit from this option.
I think you might be misinterpreting me slightly. When I say the main point of Dark Souls is the "difficulty" I mean that it's the combination of game systems and mechanics along with the level design that draws you in. Nobody plays Dark Souls for the story alone, though some fans are pretty dang obsessed with the intentionally vague lore. The game is fine-tuned to offer a singular experience that doesn't need difficulty settings at all. It could have them, but it would completely defeat the point of the game because it's all about that thrilling challenge. Like you say, it's a game for gamers who love that kind of thing.
I think the main difference here with a game like Wolfenstein is that it even gives you a choice, but you don't know what each choice means.

Do I play the normal difficulty because it's the "intended" way to play the game? Or will the harder difficulty be more rewarding? Or if I've played a lot of shooters will the harder options be a better fit for me?

On the topic of Souls games, the main point of the game is the difficulty. There isn't much of an explicit story to speak of and the entire gameplay experience is defined by the difficulty in encounters and experiencing your journey through the game world through constant retrying and reevaluating your plans. Upfront difficulty modes wouldn't really make sense because gameplay is all the game offers. On the contrary, Wolfenstein is a gameplay tied to a cinematic narrative. It makes a lot more sense to just have an ultra-easy-mode option because you might want to experience the story outside of the gameplay. You'd objectively be missing some of what makes the game great, but it's warranted by the structure of the game. With the Souls games though, I think a better option might just be options to skip troublesome content like in the recent Mario games or some puzzle games like Braid where the levels are basically optional. The game shouldn't berate you for wanting to experience it in your own way or at your own pace. Heck, even in Dark Souls I was able to use a very helpful shortcut to skip two bosses and most of a level before the Witch of Izalith because the level was poorly designed and frustrating (and many Souls fans agree, seemingly).
Thank you :) glad it came through to at least one person.
He said "maybe playing games just isn't for you" because the author "couldn't handle" the fact that there was a difficulty menu. He's blaming the author for the game's problem. The author isn't in the wrong here. He's free to have whatever views he wants. We shouldn't attack him by saying he shouldn't even play video games just because of his views.

It'd be like saying "if you can't deal with a little harrassment in the workplace then maybe having a stable job just isn't for you", or something along those lines. It's victim-blaming because you're shifting the problem (workplace harrassment / game difficulty being overwhelming and poorly defined) onto the "victim" by saying that if they can't handle the problem, that's their fault, and not the fault of what's causing the problem in the first place.

I hope that description makes a bit more sense of what I was saying.

**EDIT:** also if it wasn't clear, victim blaming isn't a very extreme concept and can be applied to many situations, extreme or not. The word "victim" does have some extreme connotations (which is where I assume the "what the fuck" came from) but in this case we're just talking about an issue in video game design. Hardly anything worth crying about in a literal sense of course. But it's still a problem worth discussing as a community of gamers. So yeah the term "victim" can seem like hyperbole but the point I'm trying to make still stands. Game design isn't perfect and you can't blame players for taking issue with some things in many cases.
> If you're offended because the difficulty menu called you a wuss - like this journalist is - then maybe playing games just isn't for you. 

Games are for everyone. That's the author's point. Not every game has to be *for everyone* but you can't say that "playing games isn't for you" because someone doesn't like the way difficulty is laid out in a specific game, especially when they actually greatly enjoy the gameplay and story but just felt it was a little too frustrating in its default configuration.

Furthermore it's not just about whether or not the difficulty can be well-designed or not, it's also about the terms used and the fact that there is even an option in the first place. If I've never played a specific game before, how do I know what I want? What if I can't change it mid-game? If I'm not much of a gamer but I'm trying to get into something new, how do I know if I'm playing the game the "right way" or not? Is there even a "right way"?

In many games, playing on a too-easy or too-hard difficulty can negatively impact the experience and sour the player's perception of the game. If some players feel that the menu options are intimidating or alienating even though they enjoy the game at large, that's not a problem with the player; it's a problem with the game, one that we haven't fully solved yet.

For a comparison: Dark Souls has a reputation as a hard game and a hard series of games because there's no Easy Mode and the like. If you added one, many players would never feel the rewarding surge of energy that you get when you beat a challenging boss because the game would be trivial. It would negatively affect the game experience. NG+ and upwards do increase the difficulty level by giving enemies more health and dish out more damage, but that's only after you've proven yourself worthy. The game never asks if you want to play on "Hard, Very Hard, Super Ultra Mega Ball-Bustingly-Hard", etc. because the difficulty level is a part of the game experience instead of a front-loaded menu that alienates and confuses players. If the game is too difficult or not difficult enough, that's adjustable through playing the game (over-leveling, NG+) instead of presenting players with a confusing choice that makes them feel insecure about themselves and their game-playing-ability.

To you and me, we play games like this all the time with difficulty options and we don't even bat an eye because it's so normal to us but as games become more and more mainstream, we need to try more options to solve the problem of difficulty without victim-blaming our customers, you know?
I wholeheartedly agree with the article and have had similar feelings myself. I find that the most enjoyable games I play are the ones that don't even have difficulty modes as the main source of challenge, but just give you optional challenges beyond the scope of the game. Great examples are the Zelda series or your average puzzle game like The Witness or The Talos Principle. You can "beat the game" but you can also do extra challenges and, in Zelda's case, sometimes even play a "master quest" mode where the game map is different and you are more vulnerable in combat. I especially love the approach taken by The Witness and The Talos Principle where the game "ends" at a certain point but beyond that you have several more challenging puzzles that unlock even more of the story and give you more to do for players who want to experience beyond that vanilla experience.

Other examples that are extremely popular here on /r/Games are the Dark Souls games. Singular difficulty level with optional challenge on NG+ and up, as well as an active PVP scene. Bloodborne even takes this a step further with chalice dungeons which are basically roguelike-esque, procedurally generated dungeons with enemy encounters and bosses leveled above what you'd normally find in the campaign.

Furthermore, I find that games like Wolfenstein often take the wrong approach to difficulty, and I say this as a fan. They just beef the enemies up and make them deal more damage, rather than making the play experience different or giving you extra content. I mean, I really enjoyed my Nightmare playthrough of DOOM 2016 because I had to be smarter with my weapons and ammunition, but I'd be lying if I said that it felt like it was anywhere near the previous examples in terms of quality difference.

---

**EDIT:** Another great example is many RPGs like Final Fantasy and Kingdom Hearts. You often have lots of super-powerful bosses that you can fight that are even stronger than the final boss of the story, greatly extending the length of the game in some cases. Final Fantasy XII had an amazingly thorough postgame and Kingdom Hearts 1 and 2 both had quite a lot to do beyond the story, including over a dozen extra bosses in KH2FM if I remember correctly. On Critical difficulty they felt almost like puzzles in their own right because of how challenging and unique they are.
Dygraphs is really something else. I was working on a dashboard project this past summer in Angular and every one of the popular charting libraries with Angular component support was grossly incompetent for our live-updating data as they were horrendously slow on updates and couldn't render much on screen at once. Ended up writing a small wrapper around dygraphs with the features we needed exposed as component options and it worked like a charm. Honestly one of the most feature-filled and pleasant solutions I've ever used for basic charting and dashboards. Wish it looked a bit better by default though like you said but functionally it is excellent. I'll have to look into this one too if I ever need to do charts again.
Really glad that 2.13-M2 builds work now. I've been waiting for that to support 2.13 in a personal project for the past week or two.

Also I'm very glad that the SBT team and community are taking all of the constructive criticism and such to heart and people are trying their best to make SBT better. Honestly it's already one of my favorite build systems but it is very complex and was quite a deep dive for me to figure out how to configure beyond the basics. Anything that makes it easier to jump in and more powerful is much appreciated.
I think I should address this comment most of all:

> Because it's an insult. You just said people weren't insulting us, but they directly are.

Let me clarify this bit with an analogy.

Lets say you believe that jokes about women in the kitchen aren't sexist and that they're, in fact, hilarious and the pinnacle of modern comedy.

Some woman overhears your joking and says, "hey, I find that joke rather sexist and insulting to my intelligence and ability as a woman. I do not belong in the kitchen and I would appreciate if you took that back."

Who is actually being insulted here? You, for liking a "bad joke", or her, for being the target of the joke in the first place? Is she "slandering" you by saying that your jokes and the intent behind them (to degrade women and present them as inferior to men, essentially objectifying them) are insulting and sexist? Or do you just want to keep making her uncomfortable with no repurcussions? Are you not just afraid of people calling you out on your sexist behavior instead of understanding where they come from? Are you not capable of empathy for women who hear those jokes and feel degraded or insulted?

To bridge that analogy to fanservice: what happens is that a lot of anime/games come out being "made for men" in the sense that they take a lot of their female characters and make them sexually appealing to men in a way that insults many, many women and men who are mature enough to recognize that. So essentially, by saying that fanservice is not a problem and that people who believe it is are actually the ones with the problem, you're deflecting your own sexism onto other people and saying, by proxy, that the game and others like it that employ sexist fanservice are simply "not for women" or that women who do get offended by that are the problem, and they should just "get over it".

But no, everyone else is wrong; you're the one who is ultimately insulted by this after all, as you say. Nobody could ever possibly feel alienated or degraded by the objectification and oversexualization, fetishism, and fanservicey moments and design trends in anime/games. It's all women's fault after all for bothering to get offended and all those "white knights" who are just trying to get into their pants. People just don't want you enjoying your video games and insult you for no good reason and that's all that matters. /s
> No, but when you get people actively saying they dislike JRPG's it's generally a good idea to not give them a platform.

Hold up: people who dislike JRPGs shouldn't be given a voice? People shouldn't be exposed to opinions they can't handle? That's a little harsh don't you think?

Lets make an analogy here: not a lot of critics really like Adam Sandler movies. They're generally seen as lazy, stagnant, not exactly innovative or engaging in any particular way. He has a dedicated fanbase though (surprisingly). Should critics who disapprove of his movies just not watch them? Should they not tell people that there are better ways to spend their time?

> but also just calling the people who like it and made it sexist.

I mean, you can separate these things out. Some of my favorite anime and games do, in fact, have problematic and forced sexual content that does take me out of the experience. You know, all those "boob jiggle" moments or camera angles right near characters' thighs and upskirt angles. Not exactly the most mature stuff and it degrades the characters into sexual objects. It takes me out of the experience. It doesn't mean I'm sexist for liking those games/anime or that all of the creators of the game/anime were sexist, just that the attitudes and values expressed therein are perpetuating the oversexualization and objectification of women. And that should be recognized and pointed out to those who value knowing that.

You can very much like Xenoblade 2 and games like it and understand that the fanservice is a problem. By saying the game has sexist qualities, that is not saying that everyone who plays the game and everyone who likes it are sexist. Or that everyone who made it is sexist. Well, as long as you recognize that a lot of these fanservicey moments take away from the game or at least understand and respect why they would to other people.
> The problem with fanservice complaining is that its not some sort of aesthetic disapproval, it's an implicit moral condemnation.

Of course it is. Why do you have a problem with that? People are allowed to have differing worldviews than yours. You're asking people to be tolerant of your views but you can't be tolerant of someone else's? Isn't that a little hypocritical?

To me, this viewpoint comes across as a video-game-centric "I'm not racist, but I hate being called or accused of being racist" situation. If you really feel so insulted when people think something you like is sexist, maybe you're too attached to that thing. Maybe you should take a step back and try to understand the views being presented. People don't just accuse people of being racist or sexist without some sort of belief or motivation behind it. In this case, it's to present gaming as something that should be able to be enjoyed by people who think they're too mature for that kind of thing.

I mean, it's one thing when you have a game like Senran Kagura where basically the entire reason the game exists is to tickle your pickle, so to speak, but it's another thing when you have a game like Xenoblade that could actually be *better* without it. That is what a lot of these people are saying. It's "sexist" because it takes characters that could have stood out based on their personalities or character development and thinking, "hmm, that's not good enough, lets give them big tits and swing the camera all around her so people can oogle her lady-bits. People like that stuff, right?" In doing so, it reduces the characters to objects that are meant to be lusted after, even if they are good characters beside that.
The game is getting pretty decent scores, which people should be happy about, and yet so many people in here are just whining about how people "dislike JRPGs" and "think fanservice is sexist" and all that. Do people not have the capacity to respect other peoples' views? Or understand where they come from? I mean, lets face it: JRPGs are not only not that popular but the genre has stagnated for a long time now. It shouldn't be controversial to want more games that genuinely raise the bar instead of simply sitting comfortably next to it. When you get a bunch of critics reviewing something that aren't "JRPG fans" that shouldn't be anything worth noting because not a lot of people are anyway.

As far as fanservice and other JRPG/anime tropes goes, yeah, if you're into that you're going to like it. Why do you have to take the critic's comments so seriously? I mean I agree with outlets like Polygon when it comes to objectification of women in these scenarios but if what you're looking for is basically porn-lite or don't mind a little "eye-candy" then yeah fanservice isn't going to bother you. It does, however, bother other people and you should understand and respect those views. Don't act like they're insulting you because they dare to say they're uncomfortable with it and don't think it belongs in so many games. You can believe that fanservice is hurting the artistic legitimacy of games and not be a horrible person.
If you're concerned even the slightest bit, get a glass screen protector for a few bucks on Amazon. Got one for mine and it's really, really nice. Feels great, easy to clean, and no scratches. I honestly forgot I even have one until you brought up the scratches "scandal". Honestly it's not a big deal either way but you can't go wrong with a nice, high-quality screen protector.
In Scala there are several libraries that try to make type-safe SQL easier to read and write. One I'm using on a project now is Slick which is called a "Functional Relational Mapper". You can generate models from your database schema (and even customize the code generator if you want) and then you access your tables just like Scala collections. The awesome thing about this is that Scala has native tuple support so if you only want to deal with certain values, you can interact with a "mapped" table with only the values you're dealing with.

For example, let's say I want to insert a row into a table and return the ID. I'd enter something like this:

    val insert = Table.map(t => (t.name, t.email)).returning(t => t.id) += (name, email)

And let's say you need to insert another row right after that, using that ID, and then make it transactional. Also easy:

    val insert2 = insert.flatMap { id => OtherTable += (id, currentDate, whatever) }.transactionally

It's very easy to set up and honestly it has made accessing my database very simple. You can do pretty much everything you can with SQL and if you need to make more specific queries you can also write plain SQL and have that interpreted, and you can also drop down to JDBC level if needed.
Borderlands in general is just really iffy when it comes to multiplayer. Technically it's "the way the game's meant to be played" since it has such a huge co-op focus but then you consider that you have to get your group together and always and only play with them, for effectively 40+ hours in a grindy, loot-shooter.

That's just not really feasible if you ask me. I've tried several times.

On top of that, you have issues such as how level scaling is non-existent in multiplayer and you can basically become over- or under- leveled relative to your friends and it takes away from the cooperative focus because your "experienced friend" who joins your game is going to murder every enemy. I believe the difficulty does go up with each player, but the levels and strength of equipment don't change. Made me hesitant to ask anyone to play with me unless I was really late in the game already.
After seeing the initial announcement trailer and hearing that the original was a cult-classic, I picked it up for PS3 and enjoyed the shit out of it. NieR was a very flawed game but you could tell that they had so much heart and they tried to make something unique and personal. Automata, in many ways, feels like the kind of game NieR tried to be and even more grand than that. It's an absolutely perfect game IMO because it does exactly what it needs to do with no obvious omissions. Well, technically I wouldn't have minded including a little extra lore to tie it to NieR and the YoRha musical/play/thing, whatever that was, but it's really a masterpiece.

Also I was very surprised at just how much the game ended up tying into the original because I was told by everyone that it was "very much standalone". It seems that way at first but I think the final act is very much elevated if you know the story of the original game, and also the soundtrack makes several tear-jerking callbacks.
In addition to A Bird's Story as has been mentioned, they added some extra episode(s) to the original game that serve as a sort of epilogue and a lead-in to some themes in this game. I'd highly recommend playing both.
DOOM was half-off within a month or so of its release if I'm not mistaken, and that's when I picked it up. I've gotta say, if they're doing it as a tactic to rapidly pick up buyers while they still have mindshare, it works, because that's basically the only reason I bought DOOM at the time and it was well worth every penny and then some.
According to the article, Dart, C++, and Go are supported for writing apps. I have to wonder, what with their recent push for and adoption of Kotlin for Android, will we see any other JVM langauges? Obviously it's clear that Google is trying to distance themselves from Java, but languages like Kotlin and Scala in particular can be compiled to non-JVM targets like JS and native code. I wonder if C# will also be feasible someday, for those who like that.
God how I need this. MGS4 is an incredible game but it's so obviously limited by the hardware. It was very frustrating playing the game and having it fluctuate between very low and very high frame rates, and then I found out the game doesn't even run at full resolution but is horizontally cut in half and stretched out, or something along those lines. Being able to play the game on a modern system or PC would be a blessing.
The XIII series isn't 30fps and all of those were designed with 30fps in mind originally. There's really no excuse considering the game just game out within the past year or so.
That looks very nice! I'm also using Monix in a client-side project (after being exposed to RxJS with Angular over the past year and wanting something comparable in Scala-land) and it's a breeze. How has your experience been with ScalaFX? My only client experience is in JavaScript-land and some CLI utilities. Can you write an immutable app with it that updates based on your observables, or are you expected to mutate state? Does it play a factor into the final app size in your experience? Once Scala better supports Java 9 I've been considering writing a desktop app with it since Jigsaw will let me cut the final size down and bundle in a JVM.
I've started learning Scala this summer and thought it would be a great language for a new project idea I had. I'm writing a web API using Play to support managing your multimedia backlog. That is, if you have a million books, games, movies and TV shows to get through and you lose track of them all as easily as I do, you might find a tool like this useful. For the past several years I've used similar tools like My Anime List or Backloggery but they're simultaneously not comprehensive enough as well as too niche-specific and time-consuming to be of any real help, especially since Backloggery doesn't have a proper public API and explicitly forbids automating aspects of your account.

In addition to the API I am also writing a "reference client" in the form of a Scala.js SPA. Because I'm using Scala on both the front-end and back-end it's really convenient to share things like class definitions and common logic. Right now I've extracted all of my data models out into a shared project and I can format/parse JSON with all of the same Play JSON implicits I already wrote for the server.

As part of developing this project I'm also working into extracting any sort of useful utilities, libraries, or information I can and sharing them with the community. I wrote a [Google YOLO](https://github.com/sloshy/scalajs-google-yolo) Scala.js facade the other week and have been using it myself for one-tap sign-ups. It's far from perfect right now and it could use a few extra features and some tests, but right now it does everything I need it to do and I'm surprised at how convenient it was to figure out (publishing with sonatype was a bit confusing at first, though).

Right now none of the project proper is open-source but once I get it to a point where I feel comfortable showing it off I'll move it to a public repository and happily share it.

---

PS: I'm using scalajs-react with Monix observables instead of something like Redux or Diode, and once I clean things up a bit I'm thinkng of making a blog post about it and how well it all works with minimal boilerplate and setup. I have some Angular experience which makes heavy use of RxJS and I was very happy to see a Scala equivalent here, which is working perfectly for the client UI logic.
Both Bioshock 1 and Infinite disappointed me in different ways but Bioshock 2 was really the one where it just clicked for me. Minerva's Den in particular is one of the best stories ever told in a Shock-style game IMO. You're right that it doesn't really iterate on the first game too much but the one thing the game does that makes all the difference to me is the pacing is much better. A lot of people forget that the second half of Bioshock 1 was one of the most dreadfully repetitive and boring things in gaming, after the big plot twist. There's barely any story development, no more interesting characters, all the levels are very lazily designed, and it's just straight combat all the way through followed by a terrible final boss. Bioshock 2 feels much more well thought out in that regard as every area you visit feels significant and the plot resolves much closer to the actual end of the game.

Bioshock 2 also has a much superior morality system. I think the moment when you realize you have a choice of whether or not to kill these people is one of the best moments I've had in these games because it feels so natural. Bioshock 1, on the other hand, basically makes you choose between being a saint and Hitler with no middle ground and it's very easy to mess up.
These guys always have the best patch notes. Also one of the best racing games of its kind in years. I'm really glad they didn't just toss it out and are actually continuing to work on the game and develop new content.
If at all possible I would love to do that. I'm unfamiliar with Steam's APIs but it's definitely something to look into!

EDIT: Just looked it up and it seems like a piece of cake. Definitely going on the list of features and I could probably figure that out in an afternoon once I have the main features working.
I've always been under the impression that it was "blank". As in, it's a blank spot for you to fill in with context details. IIRC the Programming in Scala book also uses this terminology (either that or FP in Scala, I forget because I read parts of them both this past year).
> What platform would you want to do this for? Windows? Phones?

The app "proper" will exist mainly as a web API. Essentially, you'll be theoretically able to use it anywhere. You can use a web app, a mobile app, a command-line app, etc. You can even have another web server call it and get some values, like linking your account somewhere (theoretically). This is a major difference to how, say, Backloggery works because they have no API and explicitly forbid anyone from trying to automate usage of the site.

As I said, right now I'm working on a web app (JavaScript, technically Scala.js) that will let you talk to the API and be a "reference" app so other people can see how it's supposed to work.

Eventually a mobile app is in the cards but it's not a huge priority right now. I wil say that one of my initial ideas for this was a mobile app that let you "sync" your backlog across devices. Currently my biggest hurdle would be how I would make it. I don't have a Mac so I'd be limited to testing out on Android only and if I used a cross-platform framework like React Native, NativeScript, or Flutter (leaning towards the latter because it seems very promising) that would definitely help speed things up a bit but it would still be a big investment. Right now I just want to get the core functionality up on the web somewhere.

> Don't you think opening up a new thread would be better at getting a discussion going

I completely agree but when I tried that the mods shut it down because it's technically self-promotion and linked me over here instead. I'll take what I can get, though :)

> It would be interesting to see what you've done though and I'm certain there are people who would love to use it!

I appreciate the kind words! Currently I don't really have anything "visible" (it's all architectural and design-related) but what I have right now works for the overall design I'm planning. I hope to have a test version available sometime within the next month or two at a minimum.
> IMHO there is no reason not to use Typescript today.

For normal JS development I completely agree. It adds so much to the experience of being able to understand the code you write, and also wrote months ago. I worked on a mid-size Angular front-end project with a startup this past summer and it was a massive success. Would definitely use again wherever possible.

That said there are quite a few other alternatives worth looking into at this point. Facebook has Flow which seems to be pretty well-integrated with their React ecosystem (though TypeScript also works well) and even picks up some extra errors IIRC. Personally I'm a huge fan of Scala.js which is basically like TypeScript in pretty much every way (seamless JS interop, optional dynamic type support, wrappers/types for existing libraries that are easy to write and even port from TypeScript, etc.) except I get to use the amazingly functional Scala ecosystem. I've got a project going with React and observables (like in RxJS and RxJava) from a project called Monix that works on the server and client side. It's especially great if your server backend is in Scala so you can share code.
> TDD has a special place in hell that hasn't been written yet because we are still writing tests for it.

I laughed, it's true to a certain extent.

TDD is IMO something that only really works once you have a bare foundation for your project going. For example, recently I was learning how to write a web frontend in Scala.js and I'm pretty new to both the Scala ecosystem and React, etc. I've figured my way around in the past two weeks and I finally got it to where I could start developing my app further but then I realized it wasn't testable at all. I redesigned the entire data flow of the app about 2-3 times and now I've finally got it in a good place. If I started writing tests from the beginning, you're completely right that it would be a chaotic waste of time because I'd have no idea how my app was supposed to be structured. Now that I've got everything organized in a way that makes sense and is easily testable, and now I'm going to be writing the app in a "tests-first" way like I'm "supposed to".

I think TDD really only speaks to people like senior engineers who are making an application using the same tools they've been familiar with for ages and know what they're doing. For the average developer, learning something new and figuring out new ideas is really the most important thing first. Testing can come once you figure out how your app is going to work.
Didn't really get a response last time I posted this so I'll try again:

---

Hey everyone, I've been using sites like [Backloggery](https://backloggery.com/sloshy) for ages to manage my backlog and figure out what I should play next, but they hit a point for me earlier this year where they just weren't doing enough to help and became a bit of a chore to deal with. So over the past several months I've been developing my own backlog app with the features I want. It's currently not anywhere near even alpha-quality yet but I'd like to see what you all think, and if there are any features or considerations I should keep in mind when I'm developing it. Here are the features I'm aiming to include for 1.0:

* Public API, so you can write your own client to do whatever you want
* Multiple "media item type" support. Have movies, games, books, and TV shows all in the same queue.
* Multiple queues for multiple situations. Keep a queue for your anime, a queue for things to play with your regular group, or a queue for an entire series if you want.
* Series and subseries support baked-in. Generate a queue based on, say, the "Marvel Cinematic Universe" or the "Mainline 3D Mario" games. Eventually it would be cool to visualize this as a tree, chart, or DAG ([directed acyclic graph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph)).
* Barcode scanning so you can add multiple items at once to your queues. If a scanned item relates to multiple items (say, if you scan an "HD Collection" case) you can add them all in one go.
* User-defined priorities and detail levels. If you want your queues to be linear, go ahead. If you want to give multiple items the same priority, that's also supported. If you want to be non-specific about your progress in a game/book/movie/show you can use percentages or fractions. If you *do* want to be specific, you can define a list of chapters, types of collectables, etc. for each item and state your progress based on that.
* First-class voice assistant support. My original goal for this was to make something like a Google Assistant or Alexa app that would link to your account and be able to answer questions like "how long will it take for me to finish X" or "give me a suggestion on what to watch/play next", hands-free.

Currently I have a working public API with a database that supports most of these features and I'm working on a reference web client app that implements the APIs. I also have a prototype voice assistant app, and it's really not as complicated as I thought so I will definitely be continuing on that front. So, any thoughts? Concerns/questions/ideas? I'd love to hear them and I'm trying to make this something that people will want to use. Also, obviously this is going to be free, no ads/tracking, etc. (besides using your google account to link to the Assistant app and such).
Objectively speaking nobody can be "wrong" when reviewing a movie or other work of art without misrepresenting its intentions or otherwise not having the proper frame of reference. If you, say, walk out of a movie 1/3 through and come back for the conclusion, even if you liked it your opinion would be incomplete and your review wouldn't be very trustworthy. The people reviewing "mother!" were not wrong, just speaking about the movie in a way that did not really apply to most of the people who wound up seeing it anyway due to the marketing push.

For "mother!", the problem was by and large advertising to the wrong audience. If the movie were, say, an A24-distributed indie film with a limited release it would have been pretty dang well-received. The problem was that Paramount was trying to use it to steal away some of "IT's" thunder (which was very obvious from the advertising) and trying to make the movie into some kind of "controversial, sickening, twisted" hit that sells on shock value.

With that in mind, you have to consider the critic's perspective. A lot of them, if you actually read their reviews, gave a positive recommendation with a big "but": the movie really isn't made for a wide audience at all. It's very much geared towards "arthouse"-style moviegoers. With that in mind, technically the movie was seen as doing its intended job well, but, say, I would never recommend my mom to see it.
Movie critics rate a movie according to several factors. Whether or not the movie is competently made, whether or not the movie does anything new and interesting, whether or not it's worth watching next to every other superhero movie made thus far...

I haven't seen Justice League and it seems like it isn't so bad but be aware that 40% just means "40% of the reviews that RT tracks would recommend you go see the movie". It's like asking ten of your friends if it was good and four of them saying yes. That doesn't mean they're wrong, just that they look for different things in movies than you.

A good example of this going the other way is mother!, from Darren Aronofsky. Critics generally loved it or approved of its artsy presentation but most viewers were not so impressed. Normal moviegoers don't necessarily want the same thing as critics, not because critics are "wrong" but because a lot of them, as their job, see so many other movies a year and try to communicate as effectively as they can whether or not it's worth seeing in their own words. Movies like mother!, then, are a breath of fresh air and are more easily appreciated by people who have seen enough movies to see what it's going for, whereas most people just end up watching blockbuster, tent-pole films with lots of advertising and marketing push. They're not really exposed to the same sort of environment that would make it seem like a great movie. The reverse is true for Justice League, in that critics have already seen so many other superhero movies already that they hold the movie to a higher standard than most people might.

Justice League getting a 40-ish-% isn't bad, just a signifier that it's not shaking things up or consistently entertaining for everyone. If you enjoyed it, good for you. Tons of great movies I enjoy aren't exactly 90% and that's okay. Heck, I even found BvS pretty enjoyable (despite its many, many problems).
Have you considered Plex Media Player? By default it has a very large and readable interface at a distance.
How does one even become so hopelessly deluded in the first place that they believe every non-Fox-related news organization is part of some insane liberal cult that would never possibly do the right thing or report on important issues? Then again, these are also the same kind of people who believed Obama was a secret kenyan muslim trying to take the christ out of christmas to initiate America's moral decline into oblivion, causing armageddon and hellfire and globlist conspiracy.
In my experience over the past year or so their preview/EAP releases all work just fine but they do have a large number of "errors" that seemingly don't affect the experience. It's possible it's from my plugins I have enabled (Scala, Markdown, Flutter, etc.) not meshing well with changes in the engine and those might still need to be ironed out, but by and large it's stable. The editor never crashes or slows to a crawl, but it does inform me on occasion that some feature is throwing an exception (usually some obscure auto-complete bug) and it continues to work fine anyway. I have also noticed increasingly large memory usage recently as the errors pile up but that could also be unrelated and just a factor of my project and build environment.
> I tried playing with my kids and it was a complete disaster.

That's what makes Overcooked so great. It's complete chaos. Get 3-4 people together and you're all constantly shouting orders from one person to the next. It's absolutely hilarious and extremely stressful, but in the best way.
Hey everyone, I've been using sites like [Backloggery](https://backloggery.com/sloshy) for ages to manage my backlog and figure out what I should play next, but they hit a point for me earlier this year where they just weren't doing enough to help and became a bit of a chore to deal with. So over the past several months I've been developing my own backlog app with the features I want. It's currently not anywhere near even alpha-quality yet but I'd like to see what you all think, and if there are any features or considerations I should keep in mind when I'm developing it. Here are the features I'm aiming to include for 1.0:

* Public API, so you can write your own client to do whatever you want
* Multiple "media item type" support. Have movies, games, books, and TV shows all in the same queue.
* Multiple queues for multiple situations. Keep a queue for your anime, a queue for things to play with your regular group, or a queue for an entire series if you want.
* Series and subseries support baked-in. Generate a queue based on, say, the "Marvel Cinematic Universe" or the "Mainline 3D Mario" games. Eventually it would be cool to visualize this as a tree, chart, or DAG ([directed acyclic graph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph)).
* Barcode scanning so you can add multiple items at once to your queues. If a scanned item relates to multiple items (say, if you scan an "HD Collection" case) you can add them all in one go.
* User-defined priorities and detail levels. If you want your queues to be linear, go ahead. If you want to give multiple items the same priority, that's also supported. If you want to be non-specific about your progress in a game/book/movie/show you can use percentages or fractions. If you *do* want to be specific, you can define a list of chapters, types of collectables, etc. for each item and state your progress based on that.
* First-class voice assistant support. My original goal for this was to make something like a Google Assistant or Alexa app that would link to your account and be able to answer questions like "how long will it take for me to finish X" or "give me a suggestion on what to watch/play next", hands-free.

Currently I have a working public API with a database that supports most of these features and I'm working on a reference web client app that implements the APIs. I also have a prototype voice assistant app, and it's really not as complicated as I thought so I will definitely be continuing on that front. So, any thoughts? Concerns/questions/ideas? I'd love to hear them and I'm trying to make this something that people will want to use. Also, obviously this is going to be free, no ads/tracking, etc. (besides using your google account to link to the Assistant app and such).
> No requirement for installing any version control system tool like git or hg in order to download packages.

Nobody really needs ~~generics~~ version control, anyway. It's too complicated.
Except that wasn't an ending twist. Everybody remembers it as being one but it was actually halfway through the game. The second half of the game is much, much less interesting in comparison and it leads to a crappy boss battle and one of two-and-a-half endings where you end up basically being a saint or Hitler with no middle ground. I enjoyed Bioshock but I feel like both of the sequels had better story progression and didn't blow their load halfway through like that.
Beat me to it. One of the best videos on YouTube. I miss him...
It sounds to me like a good percentage of your issues, not all but a decent amount, are the problems of either tooling or readily available knowledge. If you don't mind me asking, what editior do you use for your Java code? With a good editor like IntelliJ you'll catch a lot of compile errors before you compile with in-editor warnings that are very helpful, with explanations. It also helps a ton with refactoring by letting you, say, extract any block of code to a method or automatically apply certain "best practices" when they show up.

For the knowledge issues, honestly your best solution is to just hit the books. Look up Effective Java as well as Head First Design Patterns. They're two of the most famous practical software engineering books out there and you'll learn a lot from them and get clear, concise explanations why we program certain things in certain ways. They'll make you a better coder and get you on your way to relying less on your superiors. Also, practice reading documentation for the APIs of your project libraries and getting familiar with those. Unfortunately lots of code doesn't have the clearest tutorials or introductions so a lot of times you have to make do with whatever vague descriptions of the code you're given. Being able to parse that on your own is a big step forward and you'll find that maybe you'll Google things less and just head to the source of the problem once you find your way around the docs.
I worked with a startup this summer on developing an Angular app since I'd been using it for a year at that point myself. It was a front-end for a company IoT OS that accessed about a dozen different APIs and was basically a kind of glorified dashboard but also with some custom forms and validation. I'm pretty proud of the project and the work we put into it and it was a very positive experience. The only real snag was how you could very easily tell that the ecosystem for angular was in its infancy and we had to make a good amount of custom tweaks for our needs due to few alternatives to common libraries. A big one was charts. The biggest charting libraries for Angular at the time were simply not performing well enough for our data, so I wrote a wrapper around another chart library I found and used that (dygraphs, which is very excellent). Angular Material was also "mostly complete" in that a few odds and ends were missing and we were regularly waiting on features and making hacks to work around them not being there yet.

That said by now the ecosystem seems pretty stable and I'd recommend it for new deployments at this point. It's very fast and they really thought of everything, much more so than a lot of other libraries. These days I'm actually working more in Scala with ScalaJS and I'm very impressed with it, so I'm using it as an excuse to use React in a more type-safe setting. I'd easily recommend either and you can't go wrong.
Obviously I was looking for a Sloshy-related domain name (I mean, look at my username here) and I found this glorious easter egg. You can tell it's intentional because if you look up any other HSR-related term you won't get the same kind of similar results. Only "sloshy" seems to trigger it as far as I'm aware.
> The power to not let a newspaper into their theaters? 

The power to throw your weight around and have people licking the bottoms of your feet because you have money and influence. Don't play by their rules? You get screwed. Not letting a newspaper into their theaters is only part of it but hugely symptomatic of the core issue, which is also exemplefied by how Disney is strong-arming theaters to play the new Star Wars on their biggest screens for weeks or they don't get to show it at all. This hurts the entire movie industry.
I'd argue that SA2 was actually a pretty great sequel in that it actually had *less* varied gameplay than SA1 which spread itself far too thin. No Amy, no Big the Cat, etc. You only had three types of stages and the level design for each was pretty decent at least. They even greatly expanded upon the chao garden concept and it became a cult classic feature. The story wasn't exactly a work of art and the voice lines constantly overlapped each other but it felt to me like they took what worked in SA1, polished it, and made that work on its own instead of trying to have this massive-yet-thin game with questionable design decisions.

EDIT: Sonic Heroes I feel mixed about. On one hand, I'm really glad they ditched the treasure/shooting stages as well and just got back to straight "speed" stages but for the first few levels the game is just painfully straightforward and boring. You run, you are given two or three options on how to proceed that are mostly equivalent, and some enemies show up so you switch to your power character and button-mash them to death. Rinse and repeat. I loved some of the levels though like Bingo Highway and I thought it was a pretty admirable effort nonetheless. It's just such a shame that a good portion of the game feels like mindless filler.
Difference being MGSV was, to many people, a strong GOTY contender with a great atmosphere, great gameplay, and a *mostly* fulfilling campaign with tons of interesting side missions. The game just kinda had a bit of its foot chopped off towards the end of development but we know exactly what *would have* happened, which isn't so terrible in hindsight since the game was mostly complete anyway.

Sonic Forces sounds like a completely different beast. An actually poorly made game that is grossly unfinished in even more ways than that.
Nier does not get a solid 60fps on console but on PC it's very easy. I would definitely argue against the port being "broken" because I and many people I know have played through start to finish. It is very possible to simply be unlucky though and it makes sense to play it on PS4 (Pro preferably) just to be safe I guess.
> Don't know how a timer becomes relentless unless there's a cap at 10 minutes like Sonic Mania.

The timer is also a problem in Sonic Mania though. The levels are extremely detailed and I had such fun exploring them, only to time out just around the time the boss starts. It feels like they wanted to make an extremely detailed game but forgot somewhere along the line that not every level would take the same amount of time. If you are rushing to the end you won't have a problem with it but I constantly cut it very close and I believe I moved forward at a pretty moderate speed. Some other critics also brought up the timer as a negative point. I'd like it much more if you didn't die and restart from a checkpoint but instead you just got increasingly penalized, maybe by draining your rings or impacting your score. If anything, of course. Lives in general are pretty antiquated design to begin with but their inclusion isn't necessarily a problem (though it can be annoying).
I highly doubt it will come to the West. World is just such a huge leap forward that I honestly believe XX would hurt the brand image by being a little too obtuse. I just bought the game on the eShop with a Japanese account and some basic katakana knowledge and with the occasional Google translate it's perfectly playable for existing fans. For new fans though, even if it were in English, I think they'd basically have to make a whole new World-style game with toned down visuals.
I think he's confused because that's what the neighbor's dad *thinks* is happening but it's a misunderstanding because he's actually selling him drugs.
Echo Arena is really fun to move around in. You are floating in zero gravity and you grab onto the walls and fling yourself around. You also have thrusters to adjust your trajectory. Nobody plays the game online and it's sad but even flinging yourself around the lobby is a blast.
Croissants are heavenly for breakfast. There's a local brunch place that does a mean breakfast sandwich that I get whenever I have some spare change. When I don't, Dunkin Donuts has a surprisingly good breakfast menu as well (though sadly they aren't really on the West coast, but they're all over the Midwest near Chicago)
I'm not the most experienced developer in the world but I've had a lot of success so far in a project I'm working on using Slick for Scala. It's not *technically* an ORM (they call it a Functional Relational Mapper) but it basically works like one from a distance if you squint. It works by specifying your database table column types as Scala code (which can be very easily auto-generated) and then it lets you treat tables as Scala collections, usable in "for comprehensions" and using common functional idioms like map/flatmap/filter. Joins of pretty much any complexity are supported and it even has some pretty nice features like "zip joins" that implement common functional features as an abstraction over SQL.

For my project, I've been using some custom datatypes with PostgreSQL support and (with the help of pg-slick, an extension library) it's one of the smoothest experiences I've ever had. It feels like you're actually using natural language constructs to represent your data and it has some very helpful tuple-to-case-class bindings for when you need some concrete data type for data export, and because it's in a functional language there's very little boilerplate and ceremony to get out of the way.
> Install denuvo

You mean Durazno :) denuvo would be pretty annoying
MongoDB... The one foretold in the prophecy! The almighty liberator! The webscale crusader! The ***SCALEBORN***! (Skyrim-esque music plays)
The GBA version also has a few romhacks that "fix" it to be closer to the SNES version in the ways that matter. Meaning, you keep the character icons, the translation, the bugfixes and extra features, but you also fix the graphics slightly to be less saturated and the music is much, much closer to the SNES original. There's also a romhack that makes the opera scene include actual recorded audio instead of sequenced music. By far, the GBA version (with or without those patches) is the best way to play the game these days.
I've seen a lot of positive reception from players as well. The other ironic thing here is that the original game got significantly lower reviews and yet some people are asserting it's the better game despite this one getting a lot of critical praise.

I still haven't played Wolf 2 yet (wanna go through the original and the old blood again) so I have no opinion on the matter but I'm pretty sure that both are definitely high quality games. The game being "short" also doesn't really mean it's bad because it can come down to a difference in play style and difficulty settings. The original was fairly difficult to me and I spent a lot of time exploring and it felt very meaty and fulfilling despite it being pretty easy to speedrun if you wanted to do that.
Oh cool, wonder who-

> ... to already two-time Oscar-winner **Alejandro G. Irritu**

Hoooooly crap I need to try this. I didn't know he would ever even attempt such a thing! Birdman and The Revenant are two of my favorite films in the past decade and the man and his team(s) are artistic geniuses. I hope I can experience this someday.
Nobody ever said it was the "end of all things", just that it's annoying and pointlessly backwards. It isn't really inspiring a lot of confidence in the game if they aren't letting people play the demo for more than a few minutes total.

Also you should realize that IGN's commentary was completely tongue-in-cheek. It's intentionally "terrible". The video title itself should indicate to you that they're in on the joke and they're just showing how awkwardly out-of-place that time limit is for demos nowadays.
Lucky for you, IIRC interfaces will allow method definitions soon which basically makes them a lot more like traits if not the same thing.
I used to be a libertarian some years ago because I bought into all the propaganda and their obviously rigged political chart thing. One of the many things that they were a proponent of was states' rights... States' rights to what, exactly? To care for their people as little as they want? To have completely contradictory rules and regulations with the rest of the nation and make everything way more complicated than it needs to be? To ignore any sort of federal baseline competency mandate in the form of nationwide legislation?

Of course, one of the many arguments I read in some of their books was how the civil war was an amazing failure for states' rights. At the time I fully believed it, not because I was racist but because in a way it did make sense. Of course, if I were smart then, I'd have realized that states rights have not been trampled on in any way and, in fact, they have been further refined to prohibit certain so-called "rights" like slavery outright, to make the nation a more sensible place overall.

Nowadays I'm pretty hard left and believe that the government should be doing its best to ensure a certain minimum quality of life for all citizens. Obviously, slavery should have no part in that at all. I've come to the belief that "states rights" is not only a gateway to slavery but also worse schools, healthcare, and pretty much anything else that has a good, national-level solution that we should be employing.

As an aside, I think it's hilarious that so many "states rights" folks refuse to listen to or consider alternative points of view to their own. People like to argue that states' rights would give them the freedom to "experiment" and find the best working solutions for any group of people. Well, apparently that doesn't really work since our healthcare is still garbage and our schools are getting even worse. Nobody actually wants things to improve; they just want things "their way", and sometimes that includes wanting to treat non-whites as garbage as well. Completely irredeemable stance even if you're not racist, IMO.
Why not both? If there are games to be localized that people will buy, they should localize them. NIS in Japan is still developing for the Switch of course. That has nothing to do with this statement though.
The stories, yes. Two of the games on DS are only included as HD cutscenes and paragraphs of text. You can probably find 358/2 Days and Re:coded for cheap somewhere if you're interested since they're quite fun if you enjoy the main games and are looking for something on the side. The only essential part IMO is Days because it adds an extra character and really fleshes out some character motivations.
Both of the DS games were quite good from what I remember. 358/2 Days had a lot of variety in its customization system and a fun co-op mode. Re:coded was also quite fun basically being a slimmed down BBS combat-wise but with tons of gameplay tweaks and unique gameplay styles every world. Not as good as the main games in either case but definitely enjoyable and deserving of Chain of Memories-style remaster.
You mean GMG? GOG isn't selling anything that runs on Battle.net
I'm doing this myself in a toy project I'm working on in Scala and I was quite surprised to see not just one but two valid swagger generation solutions for my framework of choice (Play). I'd second that as it's pretty viable no matter what language you use (helps if it's static and you use a library that uses reflection, like iheartradio's Play library).
Quick Steam vs Oculus Home question:

If I buy a game that is supported on Oculus Home but on Steam instead, will there be any control differences? I know that with, say, The Lab, which is not on Oculus Home for obvious reasons, it still supports the Rift just fine but the controls are *slightly* awkward because you use the triggers to grab everything instead of the typical "grip button" style. I'd like to know if I bought, say, Space Pirate Trainer or something, I'll get essentially the exact same experience as on the Oculus Home. Any notable examples that aren't the same?
It would be really super nice to be able to develop a desktop app in Java, bundling my own JVM, and publish it knowing that it would work pretty much anywhere like that. I have to wonder, though, would having multiple instances of the JVM on a user's machine not use up a lot more memory? Wouldn't this just be another Electron-esque situation all over again (albeit more efficient in some circumstances)?
Whoa, I didn't even notice this was coming to Switch! I normally play fighting games on PC these days but I might pick it up for the Switch if only to have something to bring around for tournaments or practice on the go.
Redout supports Ansel as well.
>instead of manually writing query mapper bullshit for Slick for every single CRUD entity in an application

I just used codegen and it works beautifully. My app database has about forty tables and I have an sbt custom task that regenerates the slick model definitions every time they need to be changed. So far it's very pleasant. If that doesn't work for you though there's always pretty much any other database access library. I hear Doobie has a lot of fans in Scala-land.
I use a gnome GTK theme that lets me do that and it's very nice. Small title bars for normal windows, big ones for CSDs. It's the Material theme in AUR, forced dark theme all the time. It's really pretty.
The problem here is that you're the one who is simply stating a disagreement. XMPP is a robust and practical protocol used in many scenarios. What about it is "inefficient" and "completely unsuited" to modern applications, exactly, when it is used as the backbone in several? Can you give even one concrete example instead of beating around the bush like you have? Honestly you're acting unnecessarily hostile towards a protocol that's perfectly serviceable for its purpose. Never mind the fact that you 1) thought I was talking about IRC at first and 2) thought you'd have to reinvent applications for the protocol for some strange reason. It tells me you almost don't know a thing about what you're arguing.

EDIT: What I'm getting at is basically, if you have a problem with the protocol you can just state some limitation you encountered that makes it not good for some purpose. No need to be so dramatic about it without actually saying the problems you have. Not every protocol is a silver bullet, of course.
Now you're just spreading FUD. XMPP is just as solid as it can be. AIM, ICQ, and Slack did not reinvent the wheel because they thought they could do it better. They reinvented the wheel to get customers. Everyone wants people to use "their" chat client. Everyone wants to say they have "the most users". XMPP is completely decentralized and standardized not unlike email. It supports pretty much every feature you really need to get a good chat system up and running. In fact many chat systems utilize XMPP in the background like gchat (if that's still a thing) and Facebook messenger, at one point anyway, allowed you to sign in using any XMPP client.
What are you talking about? Full featured clients for XMPP already exist for mobile devices. For internal company use you also don't need anything "scalable" at all, and there are many ready made XMPP server applications you can set up yourself. EDIT: In fact I believe there are businesses that let you set up XMPP for your domain not unlike company Gmail accounts. If not, there's nothing preventing that.

Also I'm talking about XMPP (as stated), not IRC. Nobody needs to reinvent the wheel at all. That's like saying companies shouldn't use email because they'd need to write their own email clients.
Well, since the messages are all handled client-side it wouldn't make much sense to support those features. Messages are never "stored" centrally like they are with Slack or many other chat systems since XMPP is decentralized. That said it does have a "last message correction" feature in some clients that lets you edit the previously sent message, but that has to be respected by the other clients.
Yeah I adore the simplicity of IRC but it had its time. XMPP and similar solutions are much more robust and feature filled. It's a shame that it's not more popular though since it has pretty much everything you'd really need from a chat system minus those silly stickers in a lot of popular chat clients like FB Messenger. My favorite functionality is that it works just like email in that you can message anyone anywhere and you don't need to juggle a bunch of clients and accounts to message everyone you know.
Specifically which things are not supported that you know of? From personal experience I know that presence, privacy, notifications and filesharing all work on most popular clients. Seems that guaranteed delivery also works according to a quick google search. You've also got audio/video chat on some clients.
So XMPP ~~(for most of those, anyway)~~?

EDIT: All, not most, of the features are indeed supported by XMPP.
If we're going by the Blade Runner timeline, considering there is a holographic Elvis impersonator in 2049 and considering how little of the world population must be left by that point, it wouldn't be that bad of a guess tbh.
Maybe, but at least JavaScript is turing-complete unlike some other languages like Python ^^^/s
I for one am really glad that something like this exists. I never plan on using it much since the video and audio quality is just *so* far below that of a normal disc or even a good scene rip, but for people who "buy" movies on these digital platforms it's a great, "GOG Connect"-like step to bridging the gap between multiple libraries. Now, if only there were sites that let you buy a disc-quality, 4K HDR movie with all the extras in MKV (or similar) format... Ah, that would just about make me never purchase another disc again. Until then, Plex, Handbrake, and MakeMKV and similar tools are the best option for getting the best quality videos on all of my devices.
> It took Sony the better part of a year to even add suspend/resume to the PS4. 

And it's really buggy too, along with the "sleep mode" functionality. I remember Heavy Rain had horribly flickering graphics on the title screen if you ever used the feature before running the game without doing a hard reboot. If you look up the [Super Best Friends Play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65LZRUTCmaY) LP of the game you'll see they run into the same issue and it's well documented.

Other games also have weird issues with suspend/resume like Final Fantasy XV sometimes getting weird, flickering dots all over the screen. Not everyone got that but I sure did, and my PS4 works perfectly well in any other situation.
Plex is still objectively the best option for buying movies if you can set it up. Best audio/video quality, best device support, and you're not limited to "supported" movies. Also DRM-free. Makes "movies anywhere" look like a joke by comparison and its been available for years.
Not the person you replied to but I use Linux a lot and greatly prefer software like VLC and MPV to "official" apps. It also gives me a lot of flexibility with how I watch movies. Plex is simply impossible to use with a service like this, for example. I can't watch movies on *any* device I want, only "approved" ones. And I can't use clips from a movie for, say, video editing.
> You enjoyed retreading the same ground for the third time?

I didn't see it any differently than, say, Super Mario Sunshine or 64. Those games used the same level space for vastly different objectives. In Skyward Sword I felt similarly. The first time you went through it was an interesting exploration but the later times you slowly uncovered more areas and interesting mechanics that they threw in there. I especially loved the moments (I forget what they were called) where you basically had to run around and be stealthy while collecting items. It felt like the game had a ton of variety and the puzzles never stopped coming.

Compared to Twilight Princess, the Zelda game released prior to Skyward Sword, it was a breath of fresh air. That game, while excellent of course, felt like it never fully utilized the open world at all and instead of going that route in Skyward Sword they just made the entire game a series of engaging puzzles and activities. It felt so much more focused that way and I didn't have to spend hours wandering around watching cutscenes like in Twilight Princess to further the story before I got to the "good parts".

EDIT: Also I like your username. I haven't watched that movie in years, haha.
I would love that, thanks.
Just watched these episodes last night. The stuff in her closet... That's just priceless. I love this show.
Insomnia is great. I've only seen the American remake (Robin Williams is great in it) but I hear the original is excellent as well.

EDIT: Oh hey, apparently it's also based on something from Norway. Norwegians love their snow cops I guess.
Not objectively. I personally adored that game start to finish. It has some of the best puzzle solving in the entire series and the way they revamped the controls was incredibly satisfying to me. It's not the "worst" Zelda game so much as it is a more streamlined and focused style of one. I think it has just as much merit as BotW but in different categories.
Queen is failing, nobody likes her. Ratings are dropping, nobody buys their albums.
I very much agree. I thought the new GitS was actually surprisingly good, but in a "good, not great" kind of way. Blade Runner, however, did everything GitS wished it could have done without being a heavily "globalized" reboot. It sincerely feels like they understood and had a passion for the original and wanted to make a movie that did it justice rather than simply wanting a quick buck, and it shows in every single scene.
>  I was glad there wasnt a ton of HEY REMEMBER THIS FROM THE ORIGINAL!! moments like in a lot of modern reboots/sequels.

[IT BROKE NEW GROUND!!!!!!!!11ONE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kc2kFk5M9x4) (first 3 minutes)
The worst it's gotten with me is once the person said they're looking for a way to block it but they can't do anything so they still accepted it. All other times I've gone were straightforward and simple. Either way you can just use the kiosks.
I couldn't stand Pacific Rim but I completely agree that the only thing that matters is how you feel. Nobody has to like the same movies you do and what matters in the end is if what you're watching means something to you, right? Whether or not you're getting anything out of it. Heck, even bad movies (like Pacific Rim [kidding]) can become stepping stones to improving your taste and worldly perception of media going forward. I know that when both of us were kids we liked a lot of "terrible" movies by our standards today but that doesn't mean we were stupid as kids; our experiences grew and we came to realize that our interests change and mature over time. So in that way, any movie can be good if, after all these years, you can look back on it and think it had a positive impact on you.
I'm not saying they *can't* do whatever they want. What I'm saying is it's shitty and people have a right to be upset about it. We're not talking about the law, we're talking about ethics, fairness, and being a platform that people would want to use even if they *did* have a choice, which they really don't.
Considering the 3DS was only marginally more powerful than a PSP (based on my own experiences) that came out the decade prior, it was pretty dated for me when I got one in the first year. Still a great handheld device but Nintendo has never really been... "current" with their handhelds besides the Switch which only half-counts.
> There is nothing preventing him

I'd like you to maybe do the math on how to effectively reach millions of people using streaming video AND make it profitable (or subsidized by some other venture). It's not quite as easy as you'd think. YouTube exists as we know it today pretty much solely because they were bought out before they got this big. Twitch as well now has Amazon's financial support. Netflix, Hulu, etc. are paid for by their subscribers' streaming fees and even then Netflix is bleeding cash because in order to stay dominant they have to finance a ton of original content.

The McDonald's analogy really falls flat on its face because that's simply not how any of this works. If there were an equivalent Burger King or Dairy Queen or Wendy's here, that would make sense, but there isn't. The closest things are maybe Vimeo or DailyMotion but those have MUCH less users who go to them, much more strict content requirements, and much less potential monetization. They're not even in the same league.

EDIT: You also said:

> Nope Net Neutrality has nothing to do with it.

When did I say that? I was making an analogy. I was trying to say that just because you dislike the shitty business practices of some company that doesn't mean you should shut up if they're your only option. In fact the opposite is true. The best place to complain is when you have no choice, like with YouTube here.
More like, youtube has an effective monopoly on user-created video hosting and that has nothing to do with how he feels. It's like whining about having to use Windows at your university or paying for Comcast every month for internet. If he didn't use YouTube, who would listen to him? Who would care? It's so much more complicated than simply "not wanting to abide by their rules". Lets say net neutrality didn't exist and Comcast charged you for tiers for your internet service based on where you wanted to go. Would you be a hypocrite if they were the only good ISP in your area and you still paid them while protesting their practices? Same deal with using YouTube and whining about YouTube. He has every right to do so and what better place to do it?
I'm just saying any free online content creator in the world would be stupid to *not* put their videos on youtube due to their effective monopoly, even if they disagree with their practices. Using the platform doesn't mean you have to shut up whenever you have complaints. It's like whining about Comcast while you pay your bill to them every month; where else can you reasonably go?
With the same discoverability, userbase, and monetization options, never mind the value from said monetization?
In a just world, the kind of people who would be fired or laid off for poorly-performing projects would be the leadership, but a lot of people who are just trying to get by in life are stuck working for them. It's like some kind of catch 22 situation; either you support terrible business practices or you don't support the people who are trying to make a good game despite management fucking it up all the time.

It's true, though; it's just a product. You don't owe anybody anything. People shouldn't shift the blame onto consumers here when the single cause of all of these problems is the gaming industry execs who value profit over quality gaming.
Half in the Bag and their whole channel is really a pleasure to watch. Even when you disagree with them they're hilarious and you get the impression that they're real people that have just the right amount of movie savviness where you care about what they say and without all the reactionary stuff you can get from a lot of other critics.

Also if you have some time, please watch the Plinkett review for Star Wars Ep. 1. The review itself is movie length and one of the best things I've ever seen.
Whatever you do, don't look up what people have to say on Facebook comments on anything related to this movie. Just, don't. It's not good for your heart and soul.
There was only one child, not two. They scrambled the records to make it look like someone else had her DNA.

EDIT: Also I respectfully disagree about gratuitous nudity. I do feel that many times in movies and TV you get nudity for its own sake but in this movie there was really very little, and when it was there it was relevant to the world-building and overall plot. Especially the giant Joi hologram. The sex scene was also very tasteful.
Normally when I watch movies I don't try too hard to guess everything but instead try to just let the story take me to its destination. When that scene came up, I simply assumed she was crying because she seemed like the type of person to cry at a sad memory, that combined with her being locked off from the rest of the world. I completely bought the bait about her being "dead" and I was pretty shocked to realize I was misdirected. That said, I could totally see myself guessing it if I were intentionally trying harder to figure things out.
Yeah that's basically it regarding the DNA. They scrambled the records, alluding to how she was "dead". They just copied her DNA somewhere else in the file or copied someone else's over hers.
Perfect movie I give it a 5/7
The thing is, a lot of those other sci-fi movies you mention owe a lot to the original Blade Runner in many ways. Not just in style but in theme and tone. 2049 is a "masterpiece" to me because it feels like an extension of what made the original so great while completely eclipsing it, yet preserving its greatness.

Compare that to the new Ghost in the Shell movie which, while surprisingly good, does not surpass nor stand as equals with any of the original movies or even the show. It's its own thing, but it also liberally slaps ideas together a LOT more than 2049 allegedly does.

If 2049 seems overly derivative to you then it's probably just that, like you say, a lot of other sci-fi movies share thematic elements. It's in their blood. What makes 2049 transcendent to me, though, is that it is never self-indulgent or purely about spectacle but rather a thoughtful, interesting, and artfully crafted experience from start to finish that says all it needs to say without rushing around.

It's also helpful to see some of the director's other movies. Arrival is incredible and I think my favorite of his is Incendies, which actually has a lot of parallels to the plot twists that go on in this film, come to think of it.
Some people are just so picky about the tiniest things. If characters aren't acting 100% logically or perfectly in their eyes then the movie is garbage. I completely agree with you that it was a result of his vulnerability and he just wanted to feel a connection with someone.

Interlinked.
It takes its time but not too much. It's a movie that doesn't rush and it slowly burns towards a well-deserved and emotional climax. Every single scene and facial expression is meaningful. This isn't just telling a story but sort of inviting you to spend some time in a weird and interesting world, not unlike the first one, but even more so.
My friend made me so upset after the movie when he listed as his one main "criticism" that she looked "so fake it took him out of the movie". I said, "What? Haven't you seen Rogue One? She was WAY better than CGI Tarkin and Leia" and he had the balls to say he didn't notice it in that movie at all.

Some people are so weird. But yes I completely agree it was flawless. One of my favorite parts of the movie.
> How long was Deckard blade running for him to be considered the best in the business?

Hypothetically, it could have even been the day before the movie started. Implant memories of him being "the best", get him to do some job and probably fall in love while doing it... It's kinda far-fetched but it's not improbable.

EDIT: But I think the whole point is that it's never explicitly said, just heavily alluded to, like the first movie. The whole idea is "what separates a human from something that can think, talk, and have feelings", right? What actually *is* humanity and how do you limit that to just the "natural" ones?
The funny thing about a lot of relational databases is that they're kinda like CSV on steroids. In fact, most databases will let you export your results from a query as a CSV or TSV file, or some other format. Many will even let you import data using it too if it matches a valid schema (sorta like the rules/shape that defines a table). CSV is great as an easily-understood export format but it's a little tricky when you have 500,000 rows in one table and 600,000 in another and you want to ask "get me the names and ages of people who went to this restaurant on June 25th". If that data is related with tables that have keys, it's really easy :)
Whenever you want to store information in a way that is retrievable programmatically.

Lets say you write a program that writes to a file. You have to store the data in some kind of "format" for it to be able to be read again, right? So you export an INI, XML, JSON, whatever. That's all fine and good but what if you want to search for information in that? Or insert data in that? Or make a kind of "queue" system that you persist to disk? Or maybe, as is most common, to store tons and tons of "related" data and only take the bits and pieces you want without loading the whole thing into memory?

Enter databases. Most popular databases are relational where you store things as tables (like in Excel) that are "related" to other tables via keys. So you can have a "Person" table that is related to a "Child" table so that the rows in the "Child" table can be matched to each "Person" with the same parent's name. Other databases that are becoming more popular are document databases that allow arbitrary properties and fields (but at the cost of not being easily relational at all), graph databases, timeseries databases, etc. Depending on the type of data you want to store, different databases fit your needs.

Pretty much every non-trivial application needs some kind of way to save data and a database is one of the most straightforward ways of doing that. So if you have a music application it might have a local database file that it can "query" for lists of songs you have and let you order and sort them by artist and song names, etc.

A lot of relational databases use SQL as the query language so that you can use them from pretty much any context. Just format a string that's valid SQL, send it to the database, and it'll send you the results back. Databases are optimized to be really fast and efficiant at retrieving data by using data structures like binary trees to organize and index data, and SQL allows you to navigate your data and pick just the parts you want, as you need them.

If you're looking into trying one out, I'd highly recomment Sqlite. It's a utility that makes a special file format you can query with SQL using multiple drivers and libraries. I'm using one now on a Java project but you can also use the command line utility or libraries for C, Python, JavaScript, etc.

EDIT: Also I forgot to add: databases are also usually much more efficient and less error-prone than saving directly to your filesystem in some format. A big reason of this is (in relational databases) the ability to enforce constraints (e.g. "this field can't be null, this field has to be an integer greater than 3", etc.) and your data is cached and organized according to your usage patterns in memory separate from your application. So if you are writing a web app that has to manage hundreds of thousands of users and their preferences, you can easily achieve that with a database, quickly getting your data, backing it up, and hosting it multiple times for redundancy and easy access. Whereas, saving it to a file without a database means basically reinventing the wheel as your applications gets more and more complicated.
And no wireless charging :( my car dock would go to waste if I swapped out my S6 Edge for this
Eventually I can see Java as a high-level language being phased out but not nearly this soon. Java 9 and up are getting a lot of great features so it will be a long while before people feel it's inadequate. I do think Kotlin is, right now, a good improvement on Java *syntax* but it is not fundamentally different enough that people will have a good reason to migrate to it en-masse.

And even then, if Java does become less popular, the JVM and Java Bytecode will live on far, far longer for sure.
Or, more concisely,

    return (big)
If there is one thing you can be sure of with Nintendo, usually, it's that even when they're behind on the rest of the world they'll do it in style. The new eShop really needs a rethink though. It just does not have nearly as much personality as any of their previous store interfaces. Even the Wii U eShop had more personality and it was basically the same but with different button shapes. This just feels like a trimmed-down web browser with weird scrolling... It's sad.
Same. I actually broke down in tears and had to explain to my mom that I was sad that my favorite show is over and it was so good, like a week after it ended. I still think my emotional reaction was completely justified; it's still my favorite show of all time.
To those who use flutter, would you recommend it to someone looking to make a mobile app that doesn't really have much experience doing native iOS or Android apps at all? I've done full stack web development in various languages (C#, Java, Scala, JS/TypeScript) so I'm not worried about learning Dart at all but is it a good option right now or in the near future? What sort of things are missing that people take for granted in other frameworks or languages, if any? What are some other good resources?

I'm thinking of making a mobile app for an API I've been working on and I'd really like to not lock myself down too tightly, so I've considered React Native, Ionic, Nativescript, etc. but a language like Dart seems much better for my needs without weird, web-related compromises.
You can be more functional than Angualr 1 in Angular 2+ by default. They've embraced RxJS (which is very nice) and TypeScript has some very nice typing features that remind me of some functional languages. People have also created Redux-like data stores in Angular as libraries that are becoming more popular. That said, I think the main reason is a combination of it being seen as "enterprisey" like you said and also the fact that React and Vue are seen as more "lightweight". Angular today is actually a pretty great platform and I enjoy working in it very much but  I can see why some people would use an alternative library for their project. It also didn't help at all that Angular took forever to get stable again (I'd say 4 is really the first version that felt "complete") while React has been taking the world by storm while being perfectly stable for a while now. Google's a bit late to the party with component-based design for Angular, though they also have Polymer which is a bit more basic in scope than either React or Angular.
> burnt steak **with ketchup**

FTFY
Something something DAE Half-Life 3, oh no it was delayed a month by mentioning it, praise Gaben, btw don't forget to review bomb DOTA 2 on your way out! /s

Half-Life was an amazing series and they're some of my favorite games but some people just take it way too far too often. Or at least used to.
> You seem to be making the case that there's some kind of moral imperative to buy these games because they're "art." That's a harmful viewpoint in several ways

I did not say that at all. I just said that it would be nice if the gaming community grew to be more accepting of these types of games and more willing to give them a chance without dismissing them as being "pretentious walking simulators". They're not for everyone, and don't have to be, but they have a place in the market just like how arthouse films have a place.

> and if The Chinese Room's work had that sort of inherent value it would have proven itself by doing well enough to keep the studio alive

This is a fallacy and ties into exactly what I was saying. You're arguing that if their games were good, people would have bought them, but the quality of something often has no correlation with how many people are interested in buying it. It all comes down to appealing to a wide variety of people, advertising, and building an interested community. Their games have value beyond a simplistic capitalist viewpoint where whether or not they're able to make money in our current market indicates whether or not they have "inherent value". That's just downright false on so many levels.
I mean, objectively, what are you if not selfish if you "want your money back" after disliking a game you fully completed? Getting a refund doesn't make you a selfish brat; *why* you get a refund can, though. Arguably it's even worse than pirating because with pirating you don't really cost anyone money whereas valve and the developer have to deal with the problem of shuffling money around with a refund.

Games that you can beat in two hours are of no worse value than your average movie. Would you ask for a refund on a $10 movie ticket if you didn't like the movie after it finished? Of course not. The same should be true with games.
> If you make games which takes less than 2 hours to beat and with no re playability value then you should probably make sure it's so top notch that people won't refund.

The Steam refund system is not perfect. If I'm a selfish brat who wants his $10 back and doesn't feel like supporting the creators of art, what reason would I have to keep around a short game after I finish it? Refunding a game after buying it just because you finished it within the two-hour time limit is just plain cruel and unfair. For movies, usually you can't just walk out of the theater after it ends and demand a refund as well, because you got your money's worth, whether you like it or not. The same should be true with all games.

I think the main problem here is that Steam doesn't have some sort of "exception" rule for intentionally short games or some alternative criteria with which to determine if the person trying to refund is being deceitful. Maybe there could be some sort of tie-in with achievements to see whether or not the player finished or nearly-finished the game, with a specific achievement noted as a "completion" one in the back-end system.
I don't understand this backlash against "arthouse" games like this. You're not supposed to like every game you play and sometimes the games are just meant for a different audience. Games like theirs have a place and it's great that somebody is making them and showing people that it can be done. You don't have to pander to the widest possible audience to have your game "deserve to exist" like OP here is implying. Sometimes people just want to make something that means something to them; who is anyone to gatekeep gaming like that by saying you need to make "interesting" (for a very specific definition of "interesting") games in order to deserve to stick around?

Hopefully in the future more people will be able to support companies like this and show that there is an audience of people willing to support and experience these creative works. You shouldn't have to compromise on your vision to make something special to you.
He's probably some gamergater. I used to go on those subreddits back in the day and it's amazing in hindsight just how much cognitive dissonance was being thrown around left and right. Like people were suddenly so shocked that such a toxic culture could spawn people being so hateful. "I'm not threatening people so that must mean that nobody else would" seemed to be the general attiude about it, and then they'd act all hurt whenever anyone tried to blame them for creating the culture leading to the death threats in the first place.
Maybe you just aren't looking hard enough. Or maybe some people don't want to stoop so low as to call out by name the people giving death threats. A lot of these are also DMs, not just public messages. A lot of scared, foolish people who don't want people to know just how much of a piece of shit they are that they have to threaten a game developer's life for some contrived, childish reason.
I absolutely adore Super Metroid. A while back, I was thinking of becoming one of those game analyst youtubers and I bought myself a mic, high quality webcam, and just sat down and played Super Metroid for hours and took notes whenever I found something interesting. For the vast majority of the game I was absolutely astounded at how well-thought-out everything is. There are only one or two moments in the game where I felt they were poorly communicated (when to go to Ridley's lair, if you even know where it is, and the "glass tube" that the game never explains whatsoever). 99% of the game is absolutely amazingly well-designed even today. I cannot even stress just how often the game teaches you through subtle environmental details or carefully, cleverly-constructed design.

Those YouTube goals never really panned out (and I'm much more interested in coding than youtubing nowadays) but if I ever did have to make a video analyzing a video game, it would be this, just to say how *incredible* it is and holds up today.

I'm still a little peeved about how they never tell you how to break the glass tube though. If you don't know how going in, it's pretty much impossible to even know you can break it. No hints whatsoever and it breaks the "rules" the game presents up until that point. I think it was maybe like that to sell player's guides or something (objectively bad design IMO) but since it's pretty easy to figure out what to do there I let that one slide.
Whaaaaaat now you're going to tell me that PCs were designed for more than spreadsheets or something /s
What? Tons of people cared about The Talos Principle. They came out at very different times though so all the hype for that game was separate. It did have a lot of hype though. The Talos Principle is a lot more similar to Portal than The Witness though and it does not have an "island" of puzzles at all.

It's a great game though I'll echo you on that but so is The Witness. Both are some of my favorite games of the past ten years for different reasons.
To add onto this: I would highly, highly recommend also watching a longer video on the original game or playing it if you have the option. Automata is "technically" pretty far removed from the original but by the end of the game it ties into it a LOT and you'll be glad you took this journey, however long it took. NieR and Automata both are some of my favorite gaming eperiences for that reason, despite the original game's many missteps. They both feel like so much more than the sum of their parts.
Yeah, that's true. I'm looking into other domain names in general but honestly the one I wanted was pretty general so maybe I'll just rethink it when it comes time to renew.
I've already checked if the name is trademarked and it seems that I'm in the clear. Furthermore, this is just more for a personal project that has nothing to do with the other uses of the domain name so it's not like I'm squatting or something. Sort of like how there are multiple companies named Target that are completely different from each other I guess.
I guess for some people but for me and my site I got my domain on the basis that the ".com" was already taken and ".org" or ".net" just would not look right. ".io" at least has the geeky, hacker-esque connotations I'd like to associate with the domain and it was really one of the best options I had at the time. Hopefully these problems don't last too long though because I do like the domain I have and would hate to switch to something more generic.
Yeah I feel like a lot of people get hung up on "what happens" in the movie without really looking at the subtext. "What happens" in "mother!" is a pretty damn straightforward spiritual-environmentalist allegory but there's so much more going on underneath that too. You can apply the themes in the film to relationships, to fame, to the nature of art itself, the list goes on and on and on. I think that makes the film something special and more than the sum of its parts. All "flaws" aside, I just love movies that have that genuine creative passions behind them.

That said I did love their review and their insight is always good to hear. I think some people take what they say as gospel and quote their memes too often but they're genuinely smart, funny, and interesting people and critics and it's good that they gave this movie a bit of attention and had their own way of responding to it that wasn't completely dismissing it or praising it.
I mean in terms of story and character development, not a brief and fleeting reference at the end of the game and an excuse for multiplayer.
Maybe a complete remake of the original, or a prequel to the original would be awesome. After Automata I don't think they could do anything more interesting unless it involves the very distant future... again... again-again.
Some of NieR's tracks are available as DLC in the latest one. I was super shocked but they got a few great songs from the original game. None from Automata though as that was too recent.
I would have absolutely loved for this to be something like the World of Ruin in FFVI instead of a GTA Online-style "me too" multiplayer mode. I at least hope it adds to the story somehow because there's barely anything there to begin with.
No I'm saying you're judging it from the wrong perspective. Games are fundamentally different from books and movies and you should know that. In particular, gaming is interactive, so the player's interactions with the mechanics is what sets them apart. As such, a "bad" mechanic can actually be a great, intentional artistic tool for the designer because they can use it in such a way that it evokes certain feelings and emotions that they want to draw out of their players. In SotC, the intended emotion is a feeling of powerlessness and a struggle against these monstrous creatures to bring someone you care about back to life. The goal is not to "play the game" as it usually is, but instead of immerse yourself in the character and the world that has been created for you to explore.

Could the game have been more competently designed so as to evoke these emotions? Of course. I'm not saying it's perfect. What I am saying, though, is that for its time they did the best with what they had and they did a good job. The game may be "tedious" to some but it's intentionally done that way for the most part. And I also don't really get why you say the controls are "broken" either since they work exactly as they're intended to work from the beginning of the game to the end.

Now, if you're arguing that what the game was going for was, in itself, not worth it, that's another conversation entirely.
Well if you consider it an example of "games as art" then "bad game design" as you describe it doesn't really exist. What matters is if the mechanics come together to present the player with the emotions and weight behind the game's meaning.
This so much. I'm definitely a more hardcore fighting game player but appealing to that alone was what made SFV such a failure. They rushed it out for the tournament scene without understanding that, if they actually wanted this game to *sell*, they couldn't ship the game half-finished with so many missing features. If they made it appeal to the hardcore AND casual fans at once it would have broken 2mil already (correct me if I'm wrong and it recently has).
I don't really mind that they exist, but I do absolutely abhore the attitudes they've spawned. I see people all the time, on Reddit, other forums, in real life, constantly assessing whether or not the achievements/trophies for a game are worth achieving. Somehow, in all of this "achievement hunter" business, people have forgotten that games are supposed to be for fun. The end goal of playing games is having a good time, not having material to brag to your friends about, and even if you did brag they probably wouldn't care as much as you think.

Achievements do have value though. I like knowing sometimes how far along I am in a game in an abstract sense without booting the game up. They're also useful to gauge how much of a game your friends have played. But I hate the percentages attached for pointless things, like getting an achievement for "killing 500 enemies" or "finding all hidden thingamabobs." So you haven't really "completed" a game until you've done all this arbitrary BS. That mentality gets to a lot of people and makes them frustrated, which I think is a net-negative on the medium and how people percieve it.

That said, if I were doing analytics of how many people do what in games, I would be *in love* with them. It sounds like a dream come true for figuring out what people actually do in your games.
I think the answer is more along the lines that God couldn't stop it even if he wanted to, because that would defeat the purpose of humanity, which is to exist with free will and to create a sustainable, loving society. That obviously never happens. The story "starts over" at the end more in a metaphorical way I think. In real life, we don't get another home. This is our only one. Hence, I think the movie is more trying to say that it's up to us to not have to cause that cyclical scenario in the first place. Respect the planet and the other people on it. It's less a criticism of God and more a criticism of the paradox of creating a paradise for such ungrateful creatures.
I saw it more as "God cares about both Earth and humanity but he's so caught up in his own glorification that he puts her needs to the wayside". Or, alternatively, that God is just trying to balance things as much as he can but he can't make humanity collectively stop their sinful, exploitative ways without getting rid of them again and he just has to forgive them and hope they'll come to their senses.
I'm Catholic myself; was just trying to help explain the best way I could.
It's not about "how bad Christianity is" at all. It's trying to say that people take the Earth for granted. The Earth was created not for people to exploit, but to be a place of respect and love, you know? It's a criticism less of religious people and more people who use their religion as an excuse to be a selfish, violent, non-eco-friendly prick. People are so obsessed with not only themselves but also their "beliefs" even if it gets in the way of protecting the Earth or helping other people. I loved the movie and I'm Catholic. We could use a whole lot more introspective religious criticism in art. I know a lot of religious people myself who, for example, are constantly saying that global warming is a liberal hoax or something. That's the kind of attitude the movie criticizes. Like you go through all this trouble to praise God daily and stick to your guns but you don't care about the planet, our home? Like how can you say you truly respect and appreciate all God has done for you if you can't respect the home he gave to all of us and all the other people living in it?
And Catholics still believe in it today. It's not that the bread becomes physical flesh as we know it but IIRC that Jesus' body literally is the bread. Or something like that.
I used the bare style with a project first without really understanding the downsides or that there was even another valid way of doing it. Then I realized I wanted to plug in some compile-time code generation to my project using Slick. That was simple enough but then I wanted to customize it, so I had to make a separate project. I was pretty new to sbt (still am somewhat) but after I did a lot of reading I finally figured out how to have a proper multi project build that did exactly what I want. Now my build is much more sensible and extensible and I realize that I probably should have had it the other way to begin with instead of having to figure out that there were even multiple styles in the first place. That's just my experience though.
I played BBS on my Go using the magic of soft modding (hacking). The Go was a really great device with the only real downside IMO being that it sucked as long as you were legitimate with it. When hacked, it's easily one of the most convenient portable gaming devices of its kind.
You might not be a fan of this but if even indentation marks don't help or the editor highlighting which brace is which when you select it doesn't help, there are usually plugins for most editors to make the braces color-coded the deeper you get into a nesting. Then you can usually just glance up and be like "oh this is the red brace for the red block of code". I used to use that a lot.
> On last note, death to those that document like //End If Statement

AKA "I code in notepad and refuse to use an editor made in the last century that has indentation or whitespace marks"

...Or, even worse, this is the kind of person who has like 15 nested if-statements or callbacks/promises.
Noah is definitely less straightforward than The Wrestler for sure. Noah has a ton of symbolism too as well as that whole creation sequence and Noah just seeing visions of fire and brimstone everywhere, plus inspiration from the Book of Enoch which is kinda insane.

The Wrestler is about some guy who wants to wrestle and be loved. Not really  a lot of freaky allusions and dream-esque sequences at all.
The blood on the floor was essentially there as her "first wound". A part of her was used to kill someone. Violence now exists in the world, and she feels the pain. She covers it up, but once things start going crazy again, the wound suddenly reopens. That's why it shows up later in the film.
Aronofsky is also a strong environmentalist (as we all should be, really) and with her being "mother earth", it wouldn't be too off to see the home bursting into flames being essentially a metaphor for global warming and how humanity is pushing themselves into extinction by disregarding the planet. That reading would seem, at first, to be contradicted by the cyclical nature of the film but it could also be a message to the audience saying "now this is your chance to make sure that doesn't happen".

It's something I've been thinking about on and off. At a bare minimum the film definitely does have some environmentalist themes, even if it's not strictly about global warming.
Absolutely no "nosense sequences". Every single character and scene is a biblical allegory. The baby was essentially "Jesus" and his snapping neck references his crucifixion. Then they "ate of his flesh".
Lowercase is a reference to the fact that Bardem plays the character known as "Him", who has the only capital letter during the credits.

Exclamation point, I think it's there because it "felt right" or something during development. I think Aronofsky said as much in his AMA or an interview somewhere but I'm not sure. I wouldn't look too much into that part though.
You know, it always struck me as unfortunate that "rise" was the first movie in the prequel trilogy followed by "dawn". Wouldn't "dawn" be a much better title for the first movie since the dawn is just before a sunrise? Then "rise" would refer to the, well, rising of ape society against the humans.
There was a supercut of some Hobbit behind the scenes features a while back showing how pretty much everyone knew it was rushed and bloated despite their best intentions. Also on the commentary for Armageddon it's basically just [Ben Affleck riffing on the film](https://youtu.be/-ahtp0sjA5U).
mother is not really about the shock value as much as you'd think. Maybe only one seriously disturbing scene happens in the entire film and it's brief. The majority of the film is spent trying to figure out for yourself what everything is supposed to mean and going towards. Without spoiling anything, don't prepare to be shocked silly and grossed out. Just go in and brace yourself for a wild ride!
I highly disagree on that one. The trailer gives absolutely no indication as to what the film is secretly about all along or where it's going. It makes you think it's like a remake of Rosemary's Baby but it's actually much more complicated than that, but plays on some similar themes. I will say the trailers are actually really misleading because this is a very tough movie to spoil. Trust me; if all you've seen is trailers the movie is definitely not spoiled for you at all. You're in for a very wild and unexpectedly disturbing ride.
She is basically Mother Earth and the man is basically God. The whole story goes through biblical allegories and basically is trying to say that we're neglecting Earth and taking advantage of it for ourselves. Humanity and Earth both need attention but humanity is so selfish that we're spiraling towards extinction.

If it helps, think of the mother as the personification of her own house.
The Fountain had way lower than that and it's one of my favorite movies. Know the people involved and what to expect and you'll be good.
Because Him says at the end of the film that she is home. The home is the world. Her heart is the heart of the house and she feels pain and suffering when people hurt it.
Found it! https://youtu.be/HLWY7fCXUwE
Haha I get the feeling that's going to be a very common thing for people to say. I tried to show my mom The Fountain which was *much* more straightforward than this but she found it to be "so freaking weird". Aronofsky's movies for the most part just aren't for everyone, and I think that's okay. I think the movie is also a bit of a metacommentary on that in some parts, like how people just don't really respect the home at all and that makes the mother so upset, and yet, the home is for everyone; that's what it's for. Art is made to be given away to people and let them say and do as they please... Even if they don't really care for it in the end.
Went and told a couple of my friends. They joined me and it was just us and two women in the theater. As soon as the credits rolled my friends and I were stunned in silence and the women turn around to us and one of them says,

"Wasn't that just the worst movie you've ever seen in your life?"

Then my friends proceeded to rant about how they don't understand art and such haa. But really. It was a great movie. Such a shame it isn't getting the attention it deserves, but it's a VERY intense movie and it will not appeal to everyone. That's how you know it's good, though, right?
I assume, since she was the publisher, some kind of prophet or messenger? She was seen executing people and the whole thing kinda reminded me of religious extremism (ISIS, etc.)
> The brother-murder was just not discussed ever again

Yes it was, they had a whole funeral scene about it. Also it was a reference to Cain and Abel, of course. The whole movie was one big allegory using biblical references to paint a picture of how an artist suffers for their work. It's inspired by The Giving Tree among other things, after all. "You give and you give and you give..."
I think it's not just about the planet, but about art and creation in general. If you make art, you can't keep it for yourself. You have to let it out and show it to people no matter what they think and do with it. Sometimes people might not like it, sometimes people trash it, and it might hurt but that's the cost of making something beautiful.
I have to wonder if the marketing for this movie is going to be its downfall. I went in expecting typical Aronofsky and was not disappointed in the slightest, but I can see how your average moviegoer would be. It is not a "horror" film, more of a fever-dream of allegories and metaphorical concepts. It's very tense but it never makes perfect sense until the very end and even then that's assuming you can appreciate what the film was going for.

My friends and I loved it. It has a lot less in common with "Rosemary's Baby", and a bit more of "End of Evangelion" in a certain abstract sense, if you catch my drift. When you see this be prepared for a really wild ride. I might just see it again with some other friends and see what they think because it's just that great. That said, as I was saying, it's just so hard to get people to watch a movie like this if they actually know what it's about, which I guess is why the advertising is more than a little deceptive. That, or it's just a very hard film to advertise for without giving away what makes it so unique and exciting.
> What seems more plausible, the Republican Party is actively working to make quite literally everyone's lives miserable and 50% of the population votes for them

...I mean, Trump is president right now, and that's certainly not because he was truthful or had any sort of plan or policy that would benefit the American people at large, so...

Also, this bit is hugely anecdotal but a LOT of Republican voters are mostly single-issue abortion voters. At least, that's how it goes in my family. They tag along on other issues from time to time but by far, if they changed positions on that single issue I could see them being decently "liberal" people on many other issues because they wouldn't feel compelled to tow the party line as they do.

EDIT: Another factor is the mentality of GOP reasoning. The whole "temporary embarrassed millionares" thing. Get a bunch of people to hate the people below them in the economic ladder, immigrants, etc. and tell them that if it weren't for those "dang liberals" who want to take all their money away through taxation that they could be happy and achieve whatever they want. Now, suddenly you've got millions of people who will vote for whatever you say as long as you're not a "damn thieving snowflake democrat". Helps to also tell people to default to "whatabout-ism" for any GOP criticism. My own dad will frequently go "but some Democrat did X once" whenever I tell him of some systemic right-wing problem that is affecting the nation. As if that means anything...
Yeah the combat is really a mixed bag. Positioning is an interesting idea but it never really felt to me like I was being strategic at all in battles; just doing the "obvious optimal attacks" and moving around enemies. It also didn't help that Shulk, for the most part, due to having Monado abilities was probably the best party leader for most of the game, making the experience feel very samey.
> Xenoblade 1's VO was really decent; even if a lot of it was Shulk screaming

And who could forget the (kinda repetitve) party banter!

I T ' S

R E Y N

T I M E
I have to agree. I feel like a lot of the time, a "good" story in a JRPG is still far, far worse than the best stories in other mediums or even other genres. Like even Final Fantasy can be pretty bad from time to time. I'm going through FFXII again right now and as much as I adore the world and gameplay, the story is just so poorly told that it baffles me. Vaan butts in everywhere to remind you he exists and so many things feel either rushed or poorly explained. That said the big picture of the story is still as interesting as ever and I do love the game despite its faults.

Xenoblade, though... Not the best story in terms of JRPGs and I also was not a huge fan of the gameplay. Felt like a lot of busywork instead of forcing me to think about my moves and feel smart. Way too much looty equipment and inventory-management, too. Actually made me give up the game 4/5 into it because I just could not sit through another 20 hours of that fluff. I'd give it maybe a 3/5 at best and that's mostly because of the setting and music being so damn good.
IIRC what they do in those collections isn't true "emulation" but converting the game code into modern languages and running those directly. They gave a talk at GDC (or something) explaining it and it's pretty neat. Might be a bit more complicated than simply being "emulated" like that.
And if you watch the direct they clearly state it's available as DLC.
I worked on an Angular project this summer where I dove deep into the RxJS world and I'm never looking back. You can do things "simpler" with promses sometimes but honestly being able to chain so many things together is just incredible. One example was a constantly refreshing HTTP request. With Observables all I had to do was make an observable that iterated on some interval, set it to "shared" (so that when nothing is subscribed, it stops), and flatmap it to the HTTP request I want to repeat. Easy peasy. It's even nicer if you use a BehaviorSubject so that your current "state" always has some value and every time it updates it emits the value.
I've seen a good amount of movies but honestly there aren't many good things out right now. This Friday at least a couple more that looked interesting come out though and in the next month there are gonna be tons more. I'm super excited for Mother and the new Blade Runner for example. It's just a bit slow recently is all but honestly the fact that I managed to even see five movies out of that is pretty good!
> If you don't like that then it's not your type of game.

I think this attitude of dismissing someone's criticism as it "not being his type of game" is disingenuous. I think there's something to be said of this type of game being very, very hard to get right and that the majority of the time it's nothing but exploitative, repetitive gameplay that tries to keep you playing chasing a skinner box as long as possible. Now that the game is merged with gameplay-affecting microtransactions that's even more harmful game design. You don't need to act like the protector of an entire genre of games because somebody is frustrated that the game is drawing things out to cover up just how little content there is (as is the case for the genre in general).

I think a good counterpoint here is Monster Hunter. That's a very grindy, looty game that I love that "gets it right" by being loads of cooperative fun that requires strategy and skill. Your upgrades are more than just stats and they look wildly different and often have tons of different properties. On top of that there are over a dozen ways to play the game so if you feel bored you can switch it up with a different weapon type. Destiny, by comparison, just does not seem to have nearly as much justification for a grinding treadmill.
It's a virtual world. I enjoy spending time with the cute characters and listening to their dialogue. Every day there's something new and there are events on holidays or certain times of the year. It's not challenging at all and min-maxing the game is dreadfully boring but it's fun to fool around in, and it's good with friends who are like-minded too.
I'm using the Android app and it works for me. Maybe it's not on the other apps or the web yet.
The day I realized MHXX was probably not coming to the West before World (or at all) I picked up Duolingo and started reading up on the grammar. I've watched a lot of anime before but I've never really picked up more than a dozen words and phrases. Now I feel much more confident and I'm using MHXX as a way to slowly get used to reading Japanese. Google Translate also helps a lot when there's kanji I don't recognize, same with some online dictionaries where you can draw the characters out.
Because that's the original name of the channel. They changed it after they went down a while back.
No, instead they take a "blood oath" by cutting their hands and holding them in a circle.
Fight Club fits somewhat when you realize just who Tyler Durden is.
This is what I do and it's so nice. Slightly inconvenient at first and you do need to invest in physical storage like an extra hard drive but once it works you'll never want to use anything else.
I've seen three movies with it using the card and it's very nice. I did get a couple shifty eyes looking at me once when I used it at AMC but despite their scare tactics they still took the money and let me in with no hassle. Also works well with Stubs and other rewards programs so I could get a bit of a discount to take my girlfriend to see It yesterday.

The app is okay. It is a bit buggy like it'll log me out randomly when I open it and logging in with Facebook seems completely broken. That said it does add funds to my card and all local theaters show up on the app so I'm very happy about that.

Overall it's a great money saver. I bought my first month around the day after the prices changed which started when my card came in sometime two weeks ago. It sucks that so many other people are having problems getting their card but when you get it it's pretty legit. I also hear they're developing a new app that might work a lot better and I'm anxious to try it out.
Ahh I was wondering what the sub for it was. Thanks for the link! I have my card and it's pretty legit so far. Loving being able to see pretty much anything I want.
I believe that was the joke
> My wireless headphones come with an aux cable you can plug in and use, should your battery die.

Hmm... If only the phone had a plug for those...
Maybe one day we can even have animated images with sound, too. Call em "talkies" or something.
At first the game feels great and almost magical, but by the time the latter parts of the game started to settle in it became very disappointing. The story is just so threadbare and rushed that almost no characters get any sort of development and the mythology of the game world is barely elaborated on at all beyond a few occasions. The combat is also a mixed bag. While thrilling and engaging at first it never really evolves beyond the first several hours and it just becomes holding down the dodge button and having enough healing items for your partners when they die (which is not very preventable as they just do things on their own). When the game is good, though, it is very very good. It's just a shame that it isn't like that all the time.

I think, with the DLC as well as other enhancements and a stable 60FPS with less performance problems. I'd move this game up from my initial score of 3/5 to maybe a very light 4/5. Don't expect to be blown away but you'll have a good, albet disappointing in parts, time.
No problem. I think XX in Japanese might be a bit much to jump right into if you're "just starting" and don't have a decent amount of MH experience. There is a version of XX that uses an english patch for hacked 3DSes you might want to look into trying if possible, and then you can migrate your save data over to the Switch version if you're craving more pixels.
The very first main menu is English but that's it (all sub menus are Japanese). The rest of the game is navigable with a bit of symbol-matching and hiragana/katakana reading. A surprising amount of things in the game are English words but spelled out in Japanese (like "item", "quest", "paintball").

If you've played Generations you'll be right at home here and can match up what quests/items are what with the help of fan sites. If you've played 3, 4 or earlier you'll be slightly lost at first due to some new system mechanics but it's doable. I would not get this version in Japanese as your first MH game however; for that I'd recommend 4U.

Also get the Google Translate app. You can take pictures of the screen and translate whatever you want in real time. It's really impressive and is helping me figure out what is what.
Not only that but this is only physical copies and it's for a system with a much smaller install base. I got the game digital and I imagine quite a few other people who imported did as well to avoid shipping costs, never mind the native Japanese players who just don't want a cartridge.
Conversely, it being Star Wars is basically why I love it. Well, one of the many reasons of course. The world is just so vibrant, imaginative and full of life. It feels like I'm going on this crazy "space opera-esque" journey, but in a Final Fantasy game. Granted, a lot of other JRPGs have similar feelings and progression but they really nailed the feel of the world and characters in the sense that it just feels so vast and ripe for its own sort of "expanded universe" of stories.
The game isn't playing itself. Think of it more like creating a machine and watching it go. The game is less doing things that the machine would, but rather creating the "perfect machine" to go through as much as possible. It's a bit like a puzzle game at that point really. And then you get to points later in the game where the number of abilities you have to juggle gets so high that the gambit system is really the only way you can possibly manage that in a real-time setting, and even with that you're still going to want a lot of manual overrides.
I would guess a blind fear of viral licenses. In a competently ran organization they'd obviously vet everything that goes into a project but I'm guessing their company didn't care enough to check to make it worthwhile so they set up a blanket ban.
I'm not talking about system resources I'm talking about hardware. The headphone jack also supports headsets.
No, the title refers to the physical ability of the Switch to handle voice chat concurrent with a game through a single port. The Switch headphone jack also supports audio input so you can use a headset and communicate with that. Apparently.
That boss fight was when I realized the game was going way downhill. It had so many weird bugs for me, like it was hard to control my character and the camera kept clipping through things.

The game redeemed itself a bit in chapter 11 but only briefly. The rest of the game just felt... hollow. Even the ending, with its "aww"-factor, felt so cheap after I thought about it.
I don't think it's so much "you need the anime/movie to understand this" as it is "you need the anime/movie to better appreciate the characters and understand their motivations" like your bros. The anime made me actually care about them somewhat. In the game itself there's so little development that it feels like they took all of it out and put it in the anime instead.
THE

PIPES

ARE

BROKEN
The way I did it was I bought Japanese eShop credit on Play Asia. It works seamlessly with my JP account but you do have to buy more eShop credit than the game costs.
To echo what the other guy said, once you understand monster hunter to the point where you can just feel your way around the game this version will be much easier. It's basically an enhanced version of Gen/X so if you play through that you'll be right at home. That said I would recommend 4U for newcomers if possible because it's a bit less assuming and has a great single player portion. Gen is very good and does have some QoL improvements (XX even more so) but 4U is a classic and very well put together with newcomers in mind.
"Lets fork Node.js"

"Okay, how about IO.js?"

"Wait we already did that... shit..."

"I know how this won't be confusing: Let's call it "ayo" and just tell everyone it's pronounced exactly like the old fork."
Ayy lmIO
More like, Nyx only existed because they ripped the story out into a movie so you could just be Noct during all that.
I feel like this is what Adventures tried to be and I think it really succeeded at that. It obviously wasn't a real Star Fox game at all and the entire premise was rather silly to say the least but I felt it actually tried to make us care about the world and it did a great job at expanding the universe mythos. And of course it gave us fan favorite Krystal! I feel like Assault tried to carry that storytelling torch as well, same with command, but we could really benefit from the games not being B-tier and actually getting some development attention on the scale of most larger games. Adventures kinda feels like that despite itself.
Star Fox Zero was such a disappointment. At first I was having a good time and by the late game I was having an absolute blast, but then it was all over. The game tried to be way too gimmicky for its own good what with there being so few levels. If the game had the same level of polish as your average Mario or Zelda game then it would have been incredible. Another version of the game with two or three times the content would be a great bargain, but that's obviously not going to happen. Also the game was forcibly designed around a second screen so they'd have to rethink some things about the controls.

Altogether as cool as an enhanced version would be to fix what they got wrong, I think it should just die with the Wii U. Star Fox is a part of my childhood but the games have never really been all that expansive besides maybe Assault and Command. Zero felt like a distinct step backwards in terms of content by comparison.
Assembly tends to be more verbose vertically. There will be more lines of code but the code is simple which makes it easy to read from top to bottom. Other languages are more terse and try to fit as much info as possible in a single line.
Reminds me of the pledge of allegiance. It's a very recent thing, relatively speaking, and yet you have people foaming at the mouth whenever someone (logically, IMO) suggests we get rid of it. We're "erasing our culture" if we do that and being "unpatriotic". It's such a stupid borderline fascist thing but ever since it was put in place people act like that's enough reason for it to stay forever. Same with the statues of racists.
Typescript, Scala, Kotlin, quite a few functional languages as well use similar type annotations. It's absolutely not type inference when it's specified; it's just specified after the value instead of before. Java, C++ and C# programmers might think it looks weird but it effectively means the same thing as their respective syntax.
In arcade games you often had "lives" to say how many times you were allowed to fail before needing to feed the machine more quarters. A "game over" was when you ran out of lives or quarters. This design was transferred to home consoles but it didn't really make much sense for the medium. It was kept around mostly to make games harder and make games seem longer and more valuable than otherwise (see "Nintendo hard"). Nowadays we know that making games very hard on purpose to cover up for the lack of content is bad game design. Games don't need to pad out their length with a system that punishes players for losing some specific amount of times.

Shovel Knight has a system where, instead of having lives, you have checkpoints that you can choose to destroy. If you fall, you lose some of your money, but if you can retrieve it you can keep going. Now there are no barriers between you and playing the game. You can rely on checkpoints if you aren't confident in your abilities or you can destroy them, make things harder, and earn a bonus reward.

Rayman Origins and Legends also ditch the lives system for a checkpoint system with no lives. If you die, you just go back to the most recent checkpoint. You're never booted to the beginning of the level if you fail too much. Why should you be? That was only put in place in older games to artificially increase difficulty or get you to feed quarters into it, or both.

It's just frustrating when games today rely on that older system when they could just remove lives altogether and be better off for it. It's also funny when a game has lives but it gives you so many of them constantly that it becomes a joke, like a lot of modern Mario and Sonic games. If the game gives you so many lives that you can never get a game over, and if a game over doesn't even really mean anything anymore, then why even have it?
Sure, the checkpoint system is an improvement over Sonic 1 and 2, but that still wouldn't mean it is perfectly modern. I feel like the best approach would be something more like the modern Rayman games or maybe even Shovel Knight as I mentioned before. Lives just don't really make much sense out of arcade games where you're supposed to get as far as you can on one play credit. It's just an arbitrary annoyance that people have to deal with that takes away from the flow of the game. You see this kind of criticism with modern Mario games as well and it makes perfect sense. They might make a game that's "faithful" to the old style or even slightly improves on it, but that doesn't necessarily mean it goes far enough to surpass them in all areas or even be remotely playable by a modern standard.
> I never said there was anything wrong about the way they reviewed.

You didn't, but OP did. That's basically what I'm referring to by my argument. You're completely correct that sometimes you want someone with a certain mindset to review a game. Why can't OP understand that is what I'm saying? Why can't he accept that maybe Arthur's review for Polygon is going out to a more general audience who might not be all that familiar with the older Sonic games, or maybe people who are slightly hesitant to play "yet another 2D Sonic game with all the bad things I remember from the old days?" Polygon doesn't have to pander to people like him by giving the game a perfect 10 (which, in another comment, he actually argued for). He calls him a "hack" because he refuses to dismiss criticisms of the game he has because "the entire point of the game" is to have those things. That very well may be true but that's not what he's rating the game on, nor should everybody.

So yes I do agree entirely that reviews and critics have to be taken into a certain context but you can't force your expectations on them like OP here did. That's why many people don't like stereotypical, hardcore "gamers" so much; they're so picky and argumentative over the tiniest things. Can't we just agree that maybe he didn't like the game as much as OP would have liked? Has OP even played the game yet? Would he even know if it's worth the hypothetical 10/10 he legitimately claims it deserves?

People just get so butthurt over the tiniest little things. Fanboys of any type of game really need to understand that not everyone is going to think your favorite games are perfect, and that's more than okay. Polygon was not writing their review to appeal to the rabid Sonic fanbase and we should be accepting, not critical, of that, because that is a very valuable position to take. There are more than enough Sonic fansites out there who will give the game a more thorough shakedown in comparison to its predecessors.
Well sometimes that results in a bit of a critical bubble. People can be surrounded with like minded folk who never really challenge what their definition of a "good game" is. We need to be able to listen to and consider criticisms from different viewpoints instead of religiously sticking to people we "like" and abandoning them as soon as they disagree with us as so many gamers do.

And even then I don't see how his review doesn't work for more people. He's clearly saying the game is good but that it's not for everyone. What's so wrong about that?
What? 7 is a very fair score. Furthermore the main reason it's a 7 is their perfectly valid argument that maybe they went a little too old school. Games like Shovel Knight are old school without being burdened by the trappings of the age whereas Sonic Mania still has some of the worst parts of the original games, some cheap deaths, and an antiquated lives system that simply doesn't belong in modern platformers. By all means, considering all that, the game must be pretty dang good to deserve a 7 despite all that criticism. I'm certainly getting it for my Switch tonight.

The point I don't think you're getting in all of this is that a game can be whatever it wants to be, but that does not mean a critic cannot judge whether or not that thing it's trying to be is worth playing in the first place. Should he just give it a ten because it "does what it sets out to do perfectly?" Or should he stand by his modest, respectable score by saying that, hey, maybe what it's trying to be isn't perfect, albeit fun?
Reminds me of when I used to hang out on KotakuInAction. Some shit was going down one day with threats or posters being put up with violent messages and everyone in the subreddit was like "wow are they seriously trying to set us up and make us look bad?"

No you assholes that's just what being extremist does to people. You perpetuate that culture of hate and then people do stupid shit. This shouldn't be surprising. Ugh... Some days I just wanna find another planet to live on.
Sounds more like a Shyamalan flick to me.
Where does Facebook factor into that list?
MHXX Switch Ver.
I find it funny how just the other day I was calling for a "manifesto" for exactly this and someone notable already wrote one. Thanks for sharing this and I'll be sure to share it with more people.
Yeah we have consumer protection laws for a reason. History has shown, time and time again, that if you give business a legal way to fuck over people for money they will use it as much as they can and push the boundaries. Obviously not every company would, but that's missing how so many more businesses will spring up once they see it's profitable, like how mobile games are basically ruined and stigmatized with this shit right now.
You can with YouTube Red/GPM
And Scala/Kotlin!
> We have the responsibility to write projects in Qt or Tk or even Swing, God forbid,

Electron has single-handedly convinced me that I can write my desktop apps in Swing/JavaFX. It used to be that, 10 years ago, people would whine about writing your app in "slow, bloated Java" (though C# is usually fine?) but evidently nobody cares about that anymore so it's finally time for desktop Java to shine! Viva la revolucion! (semi-joking, but seriously though).

EDIT: On a related note I've always wondered where the stigma against Java came from compared to C#. At least, on Windows nobody wants a Java app but tons of apps are written in C#. On Linux it was even worse and Mono was basically the devil for years and years but now .NET Core is taking off and people are realizing that maybe C# isn't the patent minefield it may or may not have been. Java has been completely eliminated from most desktop apps though, but even then quite a few Mono-using apps remain in popular usage.
<uj>
I mean, it is true in a certain sense but that doesn't mean it should all be taken up by a *text editor*. Use that RAM for powerful and naturally-demanding tools. Having an entire browser instance to render your code is a bit overkill if used on top of your normal browser. People could save a few more trees if they just edited text in their normal browser of choice they have open 24/7 anyway.
</uj>
Asynchronous JavaScript [or] XML
What complex problems? All I ever see go being used for is http microservices and whatever plain old C could handle just fine.
I've been saying this to people for years now. Nobody seems to really take it seriously because a lot of people don't grasp just how fundamentally soul-sucking gambling can be and that you don't have to be playing blackjack at your local casino to be "gambling" in a strict sense. I just recently had a conversation with a coworker when I saw her playing some mobile grindfest where I tried to see if she'd be interested in playing more "quality" games that you only pay for once. Her responses boiled down to the following:

* It's free and I don't want to spend money (ironic considering the game begs for it).
* It's just a way to pass the time so it doesn't really matter what I play.
* I just like the game, who are you to judge?

I think the fundamental problem is that people just don't understand what a good game is anymore. If they're not constantly being "rewarded" through skinner-box mechanisms and pushed to buy something to make it easier, it's not worth playing. Good gameplay as its own reward is an unheard-of concept in most of gaming today and it's only getting worse. This is why The Witness was my GOTY last year, because its entire gameplay loop and reason for existing was to fight that skinner-box, gambling-lite mentality of modern games. In fact the game goes out of its way to give you a hard time if you obsessively try to complete it 100%, partially because it's trying to instill the idea that you don't have to feel pressured to play the game. It's brilliance on several levels and also one of the most genius puzzle games I've ever played.

---

I think we need some kind of "manifesto" that is followed by a group of critics so that people can be properly informed of the destructive gambling tendencies in modern games while promoting more games that do not try to push people into pulling that slot machine lever. There has to be a concentrated effort to inform not only the public but also parents and potentially even lawmakers to understand the issue. I already do this myself when recommending games to friends and I try my hardest to encourage people who usually only play mobile, cash-flow-oriented "games" to play more traditionally interesting or rewarding experiences that don't constantly ask for more money. The more people who do this, the better.
Less buttons without the New 3DS models, iffy second stick, generally cramped feeling and less flexibility. On the Switch you have so many more options and you have proper sticks and better feeling bumpers and triggers. Also the option for a full size controller is more than welcome for couch gaming.
Eh, I see what you're saying, but I have to disagree somewhat about the main games. It's true that they do have a lot more substantial content but I feel like they could have easily been cut in half. Maybe not to 20 or 30 hours but maybe 40-50 max. There's a certain point in each game maybe 2/3 through when you realize you're just kinda doing a lot of the same things over and over between the interesting parts, at least that's how it was for me. Also, sometimes "content" isn't really justified so a lot of filler grinding could have been avoided if they just made the enemy variety a little denser and the tower a little smaller (referring to P3 specifically).
>But it's an 80 hour game that should have been 20-30 hours long.

This is actually how I feel about the mainline games as well. It took so long to finish Persona 3 Portable for me that it took multiple months of my life to find the energy for it. I never even got around to finishing Persona 4 Golden as well because it was just so long. The length can become a problem as if you aren't constantly trying your best to make good decisions or be properly leveled up, you can basically screw over your save file and lose tens of hours of progress. If all of the games were shorter and more compact with less of a grind I think they'd be borderline perfect for what they are.

EDIT: All I'm saying is that, as good as Persona games are, the length problem mentioned by the parent comment extends to the rest of the series as well and seems to be a pretty common thing for me in the series, even in spinoffs like he said.
This is my plan. Currently a couple months in and I feel like I'm finally able to kinda sorta understand some sentences and make small talk.
Yes it is? Go to steam and check the tags. It's a randomly generated dungeon crawler with random loot and permanent death on each run with an emphasis on run variety. Very much a roguelike or, if you're being picky, a "rogue-lite". 
The switch is such a great platform for roguelike games. Great to play in marathons at home, short bursts on the go, and with an actually decent screen and controls compared to the 3DS. I hope more and more games get ported because even if I own them on PC it's just such a joy playing them portably. Crypt of the Necrodancer when?
Oh yeah I almost forgot how it tells me to leave Firefox if I want to join our daily meetings... It's like the days of IE are upon us again.
I've been learning Scala recently as someone who has been dying for a more powerful language that doesn't sacrifice restraint for more flexibility like dynamic or less type-safe languages. It's absolutely incredible how easily you can build something that works just how you imagined it in your head with its type system. I've used Haskell and such before and they're all amazing as well but with Scala I feel like I have that power but with the added ability to utilize the JVM and the Java ecosystem. I've also looked into Kotlin but after learning Scala it just seems less ambitious and interesting. Definitely a good choice for Android apps though since it isn't a completely new paradigm to work with. I can definitely see myself using Scala on most of my personal projects from now on though, especially since you can compile to JS and native code recently.
But slack lets me paste code snippets and have voice calls. How will we ever survive as a team if we can't do all of that? Do any other apps even exist that let you do those things?^^^/s
It might not have the same power user functionality which, I agree, is unfortunate, but at the very least I feel it's way easier to navigate and visually scan than the normal, narrow horizontal tabs. That alone I think is a huge usability improvement.
I have! It's very interesting and I would love to use something like it but it isn't quite as mature as chrome or Firefox yet. It's definitely an option in the future for me though.

EDIT: they have tab tiling too? This was one of my favorite FF add-ons before I found out it won't be supported anymore. That's extremely convincing. If I can integrate it with KeePass then I'd switch over right away.
Aww it happened so recently too... I found a fork/remake called Tab Center Redux that seems to be compatible with Firefox 57 which is a good sign. The existence of these kinds of add-ons is the only thing keeping me away from chrome right now. They're so dang convenient and nothing chrome has comes close to the same level of native support.
Test Pilot has an experiment add-on called Tab Center that's nearly as good and what I've been using for months. Once I got used to it I couldn't imagine going back to a browser without the option. I'm seriously glad they're trying to keep that style of tabs alive.
Old DOOM, not the new one.
No, don't get cooked; stay off the hook!
I can. Pretty much all of the online communities for Nintendo games are extremely friendly. The nice thing about games like ARMS or Splatoon in particular is that while they have competitive modes, you can easily play online without much fear of badmouthing and other "undesirable" community behavior. I've had quite a lot of fun in both games so far and you definitely will too.
*accordion music intensifies*
No what I'm saying is that it's not a superset of JavaScript. Not that it can't transpile or otherwise work well as a JavaScript alternative. Typescript is a superset because it uses JavaScript as a base but Clojure being a lisp means it requires things to be mapped around to fit the JavaScript paradigm.
Dart was designed with its own VM in mind and clojure is a lisp meant to run on the JVM, so no they are not supersets. Many of their core syntax decisions directly oppose JavaScript compatibility. Typescript is a superset though as you can just rename a JS file and keep coding.
You can also speed up the gameplay and control guests in your party, as well as every other improvement from the international zodiac rerelease.
The initial reveal trailer was not so great as a fan of the series. It made the game look significantly different, almost as if it betrayed a lot of the core concepts that make the game what it is. That said, as more gameplay footage has come out it has become apparent that it's just a normal MH game with QoL improvements and HD graphics, which is good. I'm still bitter over Capcom seemingly ignoring MHXX in the west because of it, though, because I still really want MH as a portable series and I hope that they at least still support it portably in the West going forward.
It does work with adequate resolution. On the 3DS though it can be pretty spotty so a lot of people are excited for a full HD portable monster hunter so that, worst case scenario, you can just Google Translate all the text like that. I'm definitely going to be doing that whenever possible if I run into things I don't understand or recognize. The good thing about XX though is that, since I'm very familiar with generations, I can pick up on what's what pretty quickly without being too lost. I also played through KH2 Final Mix before it came out in the West and you'd be surprised at just how much is recognizable if you're familiar with the game's icons and menu structure.
Cheater issues? This is Monster Hunter; it's not exactly a competitive game. Someone cheats, so what? It's not like "getting ahead" means anything. Monster Hunter for 3DS existed for years despite hacked 3DSes without major "cheating issues".

Also I really don't want to pay a lot for online. For now online on the Switch is free but once it isn't it's very cheap. I gave up PS+ a while ago because it wasn't really worth it to me anymore for the cost since I don't usually play on PSN often, so I'd effectively be paying for the online on one game.

Fortunately for me though most of my friends would get MHW on PC which means higher framerates, better performance across the board (probably), and potential mod support. And being a member of the MH and Dark Souls communities, they're very similar in that I believe there won't be a problem finding hunters on PC. That said I still don't like the idea of some of my friends choosing the "wrong" platform and missing out on being able to play with me. I mean, I guess it's better than them not being able to play the game at all, but that's why I said I'd love some cross-play like Rocket League.
*sigh*... I've warmed up to the idea of MH World but I still yearn for the days when I didn't have to figure out what platform all my friends would be playing Monster Hunter on. I wish MHW had some sort of cross-play beause, as nice as it is that the series is coming to PC and modern consoles finally, I still prefer this approach where the game has console/handheld cross-play on a couple specific platforms.

I really want this game. I've actually started learning Japanese a little while ago with the intent of eventually being able to import video games (I know I'll need a guide regardless but it still helps) so even if this doesn't come out in the states I'm definitely picking it up. The Switch is really the perfect console for Monster Hunter. It's more powerful than any of the older consoles (before MHW) and it's able to handle full open worlds in a portable and docked setting (see: BotW). I wouldn't be surprised if, in the future, we get a "Monster Hunter World Freedom" or something that's a portable version of MHW with toned down graphics and more monsters.
Why am I not surprised that a Spotify front-end dev liked that tweet?
I'm doing a similar deal and I have no idea why more people don't do this. Spotify might have brand recognition but the UI and functionality really lag behind the competition.
[This should explain how it's done](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/SpecialK_Mods/discussions/3/1334600128973500691/). Basically you run "special k", the automated installer for this guy's mods, and if that doesn't work do it manually by copying the mod files to the game folder. Then you can use the keyboard shortcuts to toggle the mod UI and get it up and running. Happy trails :)
I'd absolutely agree that it was painfully mismanaged. Square also really mismanaged Kingdom Hearts 3 (no idea if it'll actually ever come out) since the older games' original audience is well into adulthood by now if they were kids (I know I am).

Then you get to stuff like how they handled Hitman, Deus Ex, etc. and it just seems so painfully obvious that they're desperate for getting quick cash fast even if it means sinking all of their marketable properties. Final Fantasy XV only sold so much because it was anticipated for so long; the exact same thing happened with XIII, which I think still holds the record for either best or fastest selling. And we all know what happened with XIII... I actually quite like what they were able to put together but I can't deny that both of the sequels, which had much smaller scopes and significantly smaller budgets, were infinitely more creative and, in some cases, quite a bit more enjoyable despite taking way less time to develop.

I think Square is just so obsessed with making these large-scale games but they still haven't figured out how to do it properly. Back in the day they were the masters of making quality, story-driven games with incredible visuals and cinematics but now every game has that, so they keep dreaming bigger and bigger and never get anything done, leaving the final product to be an artistic and technical compromise that never really pushes any boundaries.

It's just so sad to me as someone who used to adore every game they put out. They were like Capcom used to be in that they seemed to know their niche really well and they had some of the best talent in the business, but now they're just another soulless megacorp with way too much money and time for their own good. It seems like the only really good guy they have left is Yoko Taro and maybe whoever was able to magically turn XIV around. Once they're gone, I'd be even more worried about the future of the company.

EDIT: a few words
Fix Automata Resolution, a mod that's basically DSFix (the mod that made Dark Souls playable on PC) for the game. https://github.com/Kaldaien/FAR

Gist of the features is that it fixes some outstanding bugs with the game including the fullscreen resolution, cutscene stuttering and framerate drops. It also dramatically increases the framerate by modifying global illumination settings (which were poorly set in game) and it also fixes things like the antialiasing and ambient occlusion not being as good as they could be.
The game taking ten years to come out doesn't mean it's not rushed. They didn't actually start production on the game until around 2011 and then the game as we know it today didn't start to even take shape until around 2013. Then they had to cut out all the backstory for a movie and anime spin-off as well as future DLC, reports were coming out about how so much of the game was being finalized and written last-minute, etc. That said the game is very functional and not anywhere near what I'd call buggy, but you can definitely tell that they peppered the game with way too much generic fetch quest style content to make up for the rushed endgame that they didn't have the time to flesh out.

So yes, rushed. Rushed in that they weren't able to realize the proper story of the game and simply settled for whatever they could squeeze in with the time they had. Every game has compromises, but some games do it much more gracefully than others. Super Mario Galaxy had so much cut content but the way the game was structured, none of that mattered. NieR: Automata also has instances where you can tell they really could have added to or polished up some parts of the game. That said, what both games have that FFXV doesn't have is that they were designed to be a cohesive whole from start to finish. FFXV just kinda meanders about for a while and then ends reluctantly as if to get everything over with. Same issue with games like Deus Ex: Mankind Divided (also from Square... sensing a pattern here).
Strongly disagree. I played through DS 1 and 2 with my steam controller and it was extremely convenient. For DS1 you set the camera sensitivity way up and then you can use the mouse like camera option. You can also bind using items or running to the back grip buttons which is super convenient. With DS2 same deal, but you also have the option of pure mouse camera movement which is divine. I set up a config to move forward while pressing the left grip button so I can just move the camera and go forward perfectly. Great for walking or running long distances.
Well if you use the joycons on their side it isn't always a specific button which also confuses people new to the Switch. One of them is the left face button and people tend to get confused when you say that because they usually associate buttons with letters or symbols. Saying I need "new friends" is more than a little harsh don't you think? This happens with all kinds of people no matter how smart they are.

And what the are you talking about with your mom? I'm not arguing against the features I'm just saying they should be more obvious that they're applied in the first place and easier to disable or enable. If the game had a "do you want to enable assistive features" thing after you pick your kart she could just hit yes and go. I'm just saying the options need to be moved out of a hidden menu and be more user friendly and upfront with disabled as the default. Enabling them with one click isn't so bad.
You realize I'm not arguing against the inclusion of these features. I'm arguing about how hidden the options to turn them off are. The game needs to be way more transparent about these options instead of having tiny vague icons on the stats screen.
That's a false dichotomy is what I'm saying. They don't have to be either. My problem is it's not obvious at all how to turn them off if you're just picking the game up and have prior Mario Kart experience. Also the games have consistently been some of the best selling games of all time without the features so clearly, whether people prefer it or not, it's not necessary to front load it like that and require an explicit opt out.
That's exactly my point isn't it? Valve doesn't care about who is making what games and where they put them. They don't have to put their games everywhere and they allow nearly anyone to put their games on steam. They aren't gonna say "oh well you have your own platform so we won't allow you to publish on ours". They do this with EA, MS, and Ubisoft as well.
This brought back terrifying memories of that one Mudkip webpage that did something similar...

Mud... ^^^kip
Because it's their own game. They aren't blocking it from GOG they're using it to promote their platform. I was talking about how Steam and the Vive have no requirements for exclusivity. This is a completely different subject than coincidentally making an exclusive game.
Valve might have a dominant position in the market but they understand that the way they keep their customers is to make it convenient to stick with Steam, not to demonize or refuse to associate with other platforms. Of course they want people to buy and play games on steam but they've never been about pure exclusivity.
People have played Mario Kart for years without issue while those features never existed. It's a disruptive change to the default settings. What they should do instead is ask after you pick your kart parts if you want to enable handicap features. The way they do it now is they hide the option behind the stats window toggle that not everyone cares about, and then you have to press specific buttons to turn them off which are confusing to explain to my friends who are new to the Switch but not to Mario Kart.
What I was really hoping for was changing the defaults so that local multiplayer matches don't turn on every single "handicap" option (auto steering, acceleration) by default. That would be super nice because it's so annoying to have to tell my friends to turn them off every time we play. Maybe next patch? In the original MK8 they had something similar where at the end of every race the default menu option was to view the replay, which they fortunately patched out.
"Oniichaaaaaaan~"
Well that explains MGS Peace Walker...
Both of those yes. I was referring to Noah as mentioned further up the comment chain. It has its fans but it was a little too weird or derivative for most audiences, never mind how it's a loose reimagining of a biblical story.
I unironically love that movie. After seeing all his other films it fits in so well with his directorial style. In many ways it feels like a spiritual successor to his own film The Fountain. That creation scene alone is worth the price of admission.
That wasn't exactly clear when I made that comment. It sounded like a genuine issue with the way Sony had built their store. I've had problems with it myself over the years and many of them are still not fixed, so I'm a little burned by that. That said I'm glad it's working now and it seems like it wasn't as bad as the comment I was replying to was implying.
EDIT: It has been made clear to me that this was a temporary issue and not an architectural problem. Disregard the original comment below.

---

Geez how terrible does your store architecture have to be for that to even be possible? Then again this is also the same store that won't let you buy a game you have access to from PS+ so I'm not entirely surprised. Seems like the only really good game stores are on PC and even then that's questionable depending on where you go.

[Now colorized!](http://imgur.com/a/shW4z)
Small title correction: Sonic **3** & Knuckles. If this is reposted anywhere that title makes more sense.
I mean you are more than welcome to personally think that but a sub that attacks others for disagreeing is a bit much don't you think?
It might be possible to run it on Windows if you can get an xserver running along with one of the supported terminals on the official Bash support
Sometimes games have very low populations on less popular consoles is what I mean. And you realize I'm mostly stressing the friend aspect here. I don't want my console of choice to restrict who I can play with. Period. 
This was my main argument for years for MH being a single-console franchise. Whenever a game comes out, you know everyone else with the same version can play with you, sometimes even cross platform within the same hardware manufacturer like 3DS/Wii U or PSP/PS3. Meanwhile, MHW, while it looks incredibly good, does not have that benefit. It divides the community. You can no longer as easily ask for anyone to help you online or even from among your circle of friends because not everyone has the same version of the game and that limits your choices. 

What would be even better than how they've done it before would be, as you say, cross play between systems from different companies. I'm so much less enthused about multiplayer games when I have to worry about the system I buy it for. It's why I've shunned away from playing most online console games that are multi platform, unless they have a vibrant PC community like Dark Souls or Overwatch. Otherwise, it feels like I'm constantly fighting with each new game to get my friends to use the same platform as me (or the other way around). This isn't how gaming is supposed to be. I should be able to have fun with my friends no matter the system as long as the games are functionally equivalent. 
I mean, how can you say you're a true "leet 10x coder" if your code isn't pre-minified as you write it? 
No, it's actually "paid by the bean" 
The very least they could say is "Hey MH fans! We're excited about being able to bring you MH World next spring for [consoles]. Many of you are concerned about the future of the franchise on portable devices. Fear not! While we don't have anything to announce right now, we're not abandoning you and we will have more to announce at a later date :) stay tuned!" 

The way they're handling it right now is just so... Cold. After shifting focus to portables for two straight generations (since Tri had more portable games I'm counting that gen as portable-focused) as well as making a "best of" game for 3DS, you'd think they wouldn't immediately jump ship. I know Capcom would be stupid to not make more portable games but even if they do, what are the chances we'll even get them in the west?
Really wish they would confirm MHXX for the Switch in the west while they're at it. Capcom could have at least said "there will be more portable news for MH soon!" but instead they flat out denied any announcements. After being burned by how they've handled SFV among other things I'm more disappointed in Capcom than I have been in a long time. Their communication sucks hard. 

EDIT: fml
Wasn't that Other M? 

I joke but really the game takes place on a ship with multiple themed areas after different climates, they both strongly involve Samus' past with Adam, both have creepy overtones of "being watched", both have that gravity monster thing somehow as well as Ridley still being alive somehow... 

Also Other M I think wasn't nearly as bad as everyone says. I actually had a blast with it. People focus way too much on the story I think. The gameplay was very much classic 2D Metroid for a good majority of the game, even if it didn't please everyone as much as me.

EDIT: actually now that I think about it the game might have been better received if it took place near the beginning of the Metroid series instead of somehow being an immediate prequel to Fusion which only barely works. Then you don't have the "baby" stuff, samus' emotional state seems more natural, and people can focus more on the game. 
It's amazing how many people I see talking about "Nintendo fanboy salt" on some other subs because of this. Like dude, I own a PS4 and a tricked-out gaming PC. I'm disappointed because I want portable MonHun in English. And many of the same PS4 gamers who say that were also in the same boat like with the PSP situation. I knew quite a few people back in the day who were so legitimately upset. I think people are still upset to this day that MH never moved to the Vita and blame that for killing the device. 
I would only get a vita if you were sure you could hack it at this point. The scene is not nearly as active as the 3DS hacking scene but it's still good. If you're into Fire Emblem you'd probably enjoy Disgaea as well and you can play the first four games on a Vita. 
Well said. This new version might be prettier but working against the technical odds of your time and managing to make something that still holds up is a huge artistic achievement. Makes me a bit less enthused about playing through the game yet another time, even if it is a priceless masterpiece of game design. 
Well the difference with MGR is that it was being developed by Platinum Games. They have an incredible track record of making great action games. I'm open to this game too but knowing Capcom I'm not all that enthusiastic because it feels more like a modification of Monster Hunter than a MGR-tier spin-off. And that doesn't inspire confidence in me. That is, it's not different *enough* in the right kinds of ways. 
I'm not excited at all about the new MH but to be fair, the MH4 reveal trailer was similar in that it showed you running, platforming and climbing. 
Clearly I must be mistaken for wanting an actually detailed story and characters who develop past the intro sequence. Square Enix knows what I want and what I want is VR FISHING BABYYY /s 

But seriously the fishing in FFXV was pretty alright. Not the worst thing ever. I just hope they don't charge much for this thing (as if I'd get a PSVR to play it)
Same boat. Got a Vita, loved it, then it became abandoned and I moved back to my 3DS. My Switch is absolutely incredible though and it's the best portable gaming machine I've ever owned. I'd gladly replay Undertale on the go if I can do it like that. Probably not on my Vita though because that would mean I'd have to clean/charge it and figure out where I left it. 
Yeah this is cool and looks incredible visually-speaking, but... I've already played through the original and the remastered version. What does this have to offer to me beyond "better" graphics? Do they add new bosses? More story content? More refined gameplay? I'll have to wait and see before I'm in on this one. 

Like, I get it, the game is IMO one of the best games of all time but they're gonna have to do an OoT 3D-quality remake in order to win me over. Different visuals aren't going to make this any more of a masterpiece. I believe that the original game should be properly preserved and respected for its technical achievements that it managed on the original PS2 hardware. If you replace the visuals with "modern" graphics, what is that really getting you? 
Uh, no? The original MH was an online-enabled game that you literally cannot complete now because they shut the servers down. You can play by yourself but it is by no means designed for only one player. The vast majority of each game's content is multiplayer-focused. 
That's not how any of this works. Politics is not about "my team vs your team". Who cares what people believed a hundred years ago or two? What matters is what parties *today* are acting in the interests of the people. The KKK today is very much a right-leaning institution for example. 

Also, most people I know clearly associate the north in the civil war with Republicans as if that vindicated everything their party is doing today, and I still hear people yelling about how Democrats were the bad guys back then while simultaneously shutting down the rights of women, minorities, LGBT*, and non-Christian religious people.

The Democrats only share the same name as the older party. They are very much a different party today by and large and acting like they're "deflecting" onto Republicans is ignoring the entire modern political climate. 
You know, Street Fighter V is actually my most played game on Steam (I don't play too many games for too long to be honest). That said, ever since Season 2 I've been waiting for something else to scratch my fighting game itch. If this is kept updated on PC in tandem with console versions, this is definitely going to be my new main fighting game next to ARMS.
That and Wolfenstein 2 / The Evil Within 2 / Dishonored DLC, plus VR versions of DOOM and Fallout 4. All of those are super interesting to me, especially Wolfenstein, but it was basically just a few trailers chained together. Really didn't need its own conference.
I mean, the whole point of VR is maximum levels of immersion into the game. Why would you go through making using a lever so abstract with a button press when you could physically pull it? Wouldn't it take you "out of the game" if you *weren't* pulling it?
It's incredible, one of the best shooters ever... But you can't play it past 60fps. Keep that in mind. With the standalone DLC, you actually can if you modify some stuff IIRC. Hopefully the new one is built on the same engine as the new DOOM which means it is super flexible.
I'd agree but to be fair, Microsoft had the Ori sequel trailer which looked absolutely breathtaking.  I still think Microsoft had the best conference but both TEW2 and Wolfenstein 2 are my top games for sure.
I'm in a similar boat. I'm super excited for both that and Doom VR. But really besides that and the awesome The Evil Within 2 trailer (which I'm skeptical about), it really wasn't much at all. 

Nintendo's direct is going to be even shorter but since they got a lot of the other announcements out of the way for ARMS, Splatoon, Pokemon, etc. I'm more hopeful they'll make better use of our time. 
I mean yeah, I guess fighting games are a lot more fun to watch for people. But what I mean is, if you can get good at one fighting game you can get into most others. A lot of the fundamentals transfer over but with slight differences, especially if you get into Street Fighter-style, 2D fighting games. I'm not exactly the best at fighting games either but I have a really fun time just playing with my friends and trying to get better each match. Sometimes that means setting some time aside to practice and memorize combos but once you get into the rhythm it's not very overwhelming. It can seem like that at first but after a while it's a lot like riding a bike.

I might be a bit biased in that I actually went out and bought a $150 arcade stick to play these games with, which most people don't do, but even with a normal controller you can get pretty dang good with a bit of effort, though it is more difficult due to the less precise controls.
Well I mean games like Marvel are also 3v3 and are pretty simple in terms of general mechanics compared to more technical fighters. If there are tons of characters that all play differently, it's not much of a stretch to say that you could learn how to play at least two of them at a decent level. Just get a few of their combos down and get good at footsies and space control; that alone will carry you far, and it's character-agnostic.
Considering VS Code is an Electron app it's pretty trivial. The proper Visual Studio would probably need quite a lot of rewriting. At most I'd expect them to port "Visual Studio for Mac" aka Xamarin over, if anything. 
I did the exact same thing! Does the game not even tell you how to do that or something? 
Okay... So put it on the switch. Problem solved and the game is still portable for those who like that (most players). 
Then they just have to add back in the features from Electron they're missing and- 

Oh shit we've reinvented electron.

\<uj\> I remember Mozilla had a thing back in the day called Prism that I quite liked which was basically a way to make web apps standalone desktop applications. Obviously it went nowhere but it's funny how it's basically reinvented here \</uj\>
This is really awesome. I want to use Chrome so bad but I'm still tied to Firefox features from add-ons. Once it's possible to have a side-tabs implementation (like Tab Center from the Test Pilot add-on) that doesn't use an extra window and feels native, I'd consider making the switch. Maybe. Firefox has also gotten quite good recently what with it now being multiprocess and speedy. 
We Will (Never) Get 3.0+1.0 

:(
It's not ignorant at all to ask that. I'm no FP expert, but the main reason is that it's a style of programming with certain specific guarantees and benefits you don't get in others. In particular:

* No mutation or side-effects. All code is similar to that of mathematical functions in the sense that inputs with some value will always return the same result, no matter the state of the program.
* More type flexibility. Usually in OOP-style languages and most imperative langauges types are very narrowly-defined things or otherwise based on classes, interfaces and polymorphism that becomes a burden as program size increases. In a lot of functional languages you can find different type systems that allow you to make more logical assumptions about the data you're manipulating. For example, in Haskell you have "typeclasses" which are similar to Java-style Interfaces but more flexible. See [this page](http://learnyouahaskell.com/types-and-typeclasses) for a brief introduction.
* Syntactic sugar over common imperative tasks. A lot of times in imperative and OOP langauges you have to do a series of basic tasks in order over several lines of code in order to modify your data enough to fit some result. In FP languages, you usually have features such as anonymous functions, list comprehensions, map/reduce/filter over streams and lists, first-class functions, closures, and other helpful features. A lot of non-FP languages are bringing features like this in all the time because they're just so convenient, even if they're not entirely functional langauges. In F#/Haskell/Etc., these things are often taken for granted because they fit the functional paradigm from the get-go instead of being bolted-on after the fact (see Java lambdas).
* Monads. The way I understand monads is that they are operations for binding computations and transformations of data together in whatever orders you choose and to handle potential data errors without much boilerplate. They make things like null checks trivial by essentially wrapping the possibility of an error up and allowing you to spend most of your coding as if the errors won't happen.

**tl;dr** It's a style of programming that, while significantly complicated at first, can make you a better programmer by giving you certain limitations and restrictions while also opening up the possibility to get the "boring stuff" out of the way and focus on your data first and foremost.

With OOP it's easy to model out how a system should be structured using classes, but you can often run into a lot of errors and design problems that simply do not exist in FP such as unwanted data mutations or side effects. That's not saying FP is perfect; it's just a different style of programming and it has its benefits and downsides. But for most cases even just a little functional-style programming can make your code way more safe, maintainable, and brief.
I played for a couple hours last weekend and I adored it. I actually got to play an earlier build at a pre-release Nintendo Switch event in Chicago with a good friend and I had a blast then, too. Both the motion controls and the traditional layout seem competitively viable and I think people exaggerate just how much of a advantage motion players will have. I tried most of the characters and came away liking Helix the most with Mechanica as my alt. The whole game feels brimming with personality not unlike Splatoon or Overwatch and it doesn't take itself too seriously. My favorite part is just how much variety there is between the roster as well as the custom movesets you can equip. Reminds me of how they tried to do something similar with Smash 4 but this time maybe the idea will stick. All in all I'm definitely getting the game. Maybe not day one but this year for sure! 
I'm religious myself but you're absolutely right. A lot of people use religion as an excuse to feel better about themselves when really you're supposed to use it as a way to view your metaphysical position in the universe and to hold yourself to a higher standard. I mean, that's why Catholicism for example has always been so "strict"; behind all the mystical mumbo jumbo is a message that we need to be better people. I respect any religion or spiritual belief system that goes out of its way to do that, and it goes without saying that a good number of so-called "Christian" communities don't usually fall under that umbrella, which is ironic considering everything Jesus was about. 
*Dongles 

Dongles all the way down. It's even funnier worded like that.
Maybe my smartphone is charging on the other end of the room. And also because the PS4, XBO, and PC all have voice chat without your smartphone. It's a solved problem and Nintendo is needlessly reinventing the wheel. Also this will likely kill your smartphone battery since it can't go into standby. Why can't I just have a party chat app on the switch OS and connect a Bluetooth headset? 
Because the system itself should be able to handle audio over the Internet instead of relying on a smartphone. Also how the heck would this work in docked mode if I'm several feet from my TV? 
As the ancient Hawaiians say... 

"lol kys fgt"
I would not recommend doing this, btw. The sidequests in route B are very well done and powerfully relevant to the overall story experience. I think you genuinely miss out on what makes the story of the game more than the sum of its parts if you just beeline that route. Some of the quests hint very strongly towards events tha take place on the third route and I felt they were very much essential. 
Actually IIRC you can't get the pacifist ending on your first way through anyway. You have to play it twice. That, and the story makes more sense if you play half-and-half like you're arguably supposed to from the outset. You're supposed to go in assuming this is a normal JRPG and not take it fully seriously until you accidentally kill the first boss. Then you realize there are consequences to your actions. 
? Is the beginning of a query string in a url. & signifies another parameter after the first one. So, if there's a '?' there already then you'd have to use &. 
God I hope not. I put so much time and effort into Generations only for my 3DS to get banned with the latest banwave for having a custom firmware. I never played any hacked games or used hacked saves and my copy of generations is fully legit. Ugh I seriously hope I can do it locally...

EDIT: Well, worst case scenario I could always restart on the Switch and just skip most of the grindy cruft in low rank. I should have a lot of free time next semester anyway. But still I seriously hope I'm somehow able to transfer my save data.

Edit 2: Turns out I can unban my 3DS by using my old 3DS' friend code seed and injecting it into my new one. That's awesome. I'm gonna save that one for the day MHXX comes out in the west just in case I need it. So, nevermind :)
Pretty much all previous MH games hit different framerates depending on the action and that never messed anything up. In MH3U and MH4U you could even hit 60 a decent chunk of the time without 3D turned on. In Generations they locked it back to 30 though, maybe because they wanted it to be consistent or something. But definitely not for the reasons you say. Game logic can happen at different rates than the presentation. 
I don't think it's very niche. Last I checked, MH4 (or was it generations) sold well over a million in not-japan. And that's on a handheld. 
>This is gonna be **filthy**.

FTFY
Final Fantasy XV was shaping up to be one of my favorite open-world games and Japanese games in general. For the first couple dozen hours everything was so magical. Then it turned out the game wasn't nearly as deep as it appeared to be on the surface and the story never really panned out at all. The game had so many moments that seemed to scream "just you wait, it's going to get even crazier soon" but it never really did.

I did enjoy the game though. One of my favorite moments was when I had Iris in the car and Ignis suggested we randomly explore some dungeon that was fabled to be near. Iris even joined in with combat and photo-taking. The dungeons in the game were all super interesting and well-placed so that you can just stumble upon them as you explore. It's such a shame that the gameplay or story didn't evolve to match it. I'd give it a 3/5 but if it didn't take a nosedive chapter 9 onwards, I'd be comfortable saying it's my favorite FF game at the very least. 
Is that limited edition XL? It looks just like my MH4 new XL. If so, I want to murder whoever made that image. 
What do you mean? It's a merged pull request for removing dx12 support. Sounds like the title is accurate to me. 
Romance, research... So this is one of *those* anime, huh? 
Android Studio has the latest Android features as they're developed. They take some time to port back into IntelliJ's Android plugin. It all depends how desperately you want the future or how Android-centric your development is. 
Final Fantasy XIII did that and honestly it made the game for me. It felt more like a game based around skill than simply having the right abilities and stats. By every boss fight you were supposed to be strong enough and trained enough from all the pre-planned fights in the chapter that you are presented with a challenge. It almost felt like a Zelda game at times since each chapter gave you new mechanics to work with and the fights and bosses (sometimes) played into that very well. 

It may have been "too linear" for some but really, in any story-focused game like FF a little linearity like that makes sense. A bigger problem was how every level was a straight corridor but the sequels fixed that very, very well (but also removed the level cap, so you win some and lose some). 
You've never found someone else's notes on some topic useful? I mean, there is an [entire industry centered around that](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CliffsNotes) and it's pretty dang successful...
It's not exactly the oldest but Chrono Trigger holds up so well that most modern JRPGs don't even hold a candle to it even to this day. If you go further back from that you'll find fun games, for sure, but they will all have some weird quirks of their era, even FF/DQs that are so famous. Chrono Trigger is one of the few JRPGs that I would say has little-to-no typical "JRPG bullshit" as people say. It's just a simple, fun, and entertaining game with incredible sidequests and top notch production. 
The Redout guys consistently have the most entertaining patch notes in the industry. Even if you never consider playing this awesome game, take a moment to just read through this and their past patch notes. Their attitude and style alone could win you over. 
I've used Rider on Linux and it works quite well. Since it's from JetBrains you also get ReSharper functionality built-in as well as plugin support since it's based on IntelliJ IDEA. 
Actually it's able to be based on either vim or neovim. With neovim it even has some extra features you can use. It also goes way, way beyond the scope of vanilla neovim. 
With Vim the way to go is to open a cheat sheet and keep it next to you for a while. It becomes second nature once you get the hang of it. For the past month or two I've been coding with the cheat sheet next to me and recently but I have barely needed to look at it past a couple weeks of first use, and that was mostly coding on weekends. It's so efficient once you know how it works and then you can also use vim plugins for other editors too like vscode and intellij. 
Qt Quick let's you make desktop applications using JS for the program logic. Interfaces are specified using QML which is a markup language specific to Qt and doesn't use the standard HTML/DOM model. It isn't for Node but it might be something to look into. 
Star Fox Zero was a really strange game for me. I actually didn't mind the control system much at all and, in the right moments, it was actually really fun and engaging. That said, the entire game was so short, so easy, and so straightforward that it felt painfully unfinished for a $60 game. Even accounting for the fact that a percent of that price was for the weird Guard spin-off, it still isn't nearly worth it. I've paid for games that were full-price $5-10 that had more value per dollar than Zero in terms of both overall enjoyment and enjoyment per hour. One of the most disappointing games of my life, not so much because it was bad but because it was *so* mediocre that it just made me lose a bit of hope I never knew I had for the series ever since Assault.
October 2016? People were referencing it waaaaay before that. At least when Battlefront (the new one) was announced people started talking about it more, but even before then the odd time Battlefront was referenced it usually popped up.
In many situations I felt like it really added an extra dimension (literally) to playing games, not unlike 144hz or HDR display tech. Obviously you don't "need" it but when it works, it's pretty magical. Part of the problem was not every game was able to use it as effectively. Many games with 2D UIs were just kinda awkwardly floating around and some games had significant aliasing issues. I think, with a Switch-quality screen, it would have been much more powerful but even then I use it all the time because I feel more accurate when I play pretty much everything. 
Pokemon Fire Red/Leaf Green did this. Sonic Adventure 1/2 have a similar system. 
I would rather have dementia

Than a black man sent from Kenya

Who wows us all with parlor tricks

But sells our souls to globalists 

Creating fake news every day

And making water turn frogs gay

Orchestrating Sandy Hook

To take our guns like we were crooks

But disregard that, can't you see,

Trump's so much more than Hillary

Who would just be Obama 2

And I can't live with that... can you?

(/s of course)
But in not nearly the same way. On the Switch it's more like traditional rumble but with more texture, whereas on the Steam Controller it's more to help you feel the motions you make with your thumb or button presses. It does not work quite as well for in-game rumble effects due to the way they're integrated into the face of the controller pads (and how, as far as I'm aware, most games don't have a readily available API to use it). 
> Reminds me of 2002 when every game just had to have a stealth segment

What makes you think that stopped in 2002? Now it's evolved beyond "stealth segment" to "shoehorned-in, omnipresent stealth mechanics". I like Stealth sometimes but really it feels like almost every major game has it in some way even today.
In big picture mode I think there should be an option to enable or disable 360 controller support. If you haven't fiddled around with that (and restarted steam after), try that. Also try loading the game up as normal in desktop mode and then connecting your controller. 
Which is exacly why that was happening for years before net neutrality became a thing... Oh wait no that's not what happened at all and instead we got an oligopoly where the biggest fish can dictate the entire set of options in almost every community. In a community where the only two options are, say, Comcast and AT&T, what if they decided to push their own content at normal speeds by slowing everything else down? That does not benefit consumers whatsoever and instead forces them to make a choice that only benefits corporations either way.

We need to stop thinking of Internet access as a general service and more as a *part of every human being's way of life*, like the mail or telphone access. You have certain rights and expectations with sending mail or calling someone on the phone. Expectations that nobody will "prefer" what you're sending based on where it's from, or expectations that people won't spy on you or collect your data. You don't get those with the Internet right now and Net Neutrality is a huge step in the right direction to giving people the rights they deserve.
The GOP has been actively trying to suppress black/minority voters for years. That is absolutely a problem and can't be hand-waved away with "but Democrats" especially without any citations.

I mean, obviously the Republicans have changed a hell of a lot in the time since Lincoln. Same with Democrats. If you go back far enough with both parties you can find instances of shady stuff like that. What matters is **right now**, and right now the GOP is doing bad things. I'm not "rooting for the blue team", I'm saying we should be trying to push the red team into shape so we actually have two viable parties instead of one sane and one completely insane.
Ack my bad. I must have been distracted. Thank you.
I mean, according to the video, it is relevant and useful.

Just because something can be seen as "political" doesn't mean it's inherently a bad thing to talk about. Some beliefs (like that net neutrality is a good thing) are harmful to society and, by extension, gaming. People should be able to discuss those positions and establish facts to push for better policies worldwide. The downfall of Net Neutrality in the US right now is absolutely something that everybody here should be concerned about. Pretending like these problems don't exist is so much worse.
It is sadly amazing that people act like both parties are the same. I mean, are Democrats perfect? Absolutely not. But one party:

* Wants to remove Net Neutrality
* Wants to remove LGBT protections
* Has actively been involved in gerrymandering for decades
* Is actively publishing a narrative to demonize immigrants
* Does not support women's rights whatsoever
* Says climate change is a myth

I mean people can be as "liberal" or "conservative" as they want, really. I'd actually be a pretty conservative guy in the European sense but the fact is that politics has been dragged so forcefully towards the right that normal, sensible, common-sense positions (like ~~opposing~~ supporting Net Neutrality) are now considered "liberal" and that in and of itself is just plain sad.

EDIT: wrong word
Cheese: 8/10 

Cheese with rice: 10/10 

Thank you for your suggestion. 
It's funny they mention gaslighting (as if it's something women will do to you) when in the original story the term comes from, it's done to a woman.
Huh no kidding. Thanks for the tip! I haven't really ever tried configuring vim much since I've just been happy with the defaults but it's nice to know you can do that. 
Wait until you try out Rider. They're quickly getting to the point where virtually every language will have an optimized environment in the JetBrains ecosystem on all platforms and that's perfectly fine with me. Love me some C# but I don't always wanna have to be in Windows to get a top-tier editing experience for it.
Hey I don't really go to Kotaku much anymore (because of Patricia Hernandez just writing crappy articles) but to compare them to Breitbart is a bit extreme. Breitbart is legitimate fake news. The worst Kotaku gets is just having a snobby attitude or pushing weird opinions. I'd take Kotaku over any place that hired and tolerated Milo any day.
This is also what I do. The IdeaVim plugin is really nice. It's a little weird sometimes (I didn't expect it to be working when setting a commit message for example) but the majority of vim-style commands are supported and that's enough for me. Also vim uses a different clipboard than my main system so if I copy some line of code from somewhere else and want to paste it I have to remember to use  CTRL+SHIFT+V instead of simply 'p'. But other than that I'm having a great time.
You kinda already can if you use TypeScript and squint hard enough.
You can back up the entire disc as a decrypted file structure if you want. I prefer to just use the MKV feature though since I don't care for menus. I've ripped hundreds of my own discs with it and that alone made it feel worth buying to me. For what it does I think the cost and convenience was super worth it. 
You called? 
With blu rays you can use an app called MakeMKV that decrypts them and any features/languags you want as MKV files. You can then compress those down in Handbrake if you don't have a lot of space. I just bought like 10TB of hard drives and have a massive, ad-less movie server with Plex on my desktop. It's wonderful and in full HD with lossless surround sound. 
>I'm okay with product placement too as long as it feels natural and they don't have an extra scene just to talk about how great the product is.

"Is that a PlayStation Vita?" -Frank Underwood
I'm assuming that i is supposed to be between the min and max value but the actual loop is written so that i has to be anything except that. 
VSCode definitely helps a lot and I would recommend it as well. I've used it for the majority of the project when I was developing it. Webstorm is also really nice and arguably a little better for larger apps. That said the type of suggestions I'd get from the IDE greatly improved once I swapped out JS for TS. The IDE has to do much less work to figure out how things connect together and what data comes back through some function or method, making the general suggestion process rather slow by comparison.

As mentioned I've migrated to PostgreSQL, and if anyone else was wondering what I use I actually found a really nice library (suggested by the Express devs on their site) called pg-promise that natively supports TypeScript and lends itself well to creating data repositories. It's at least as easy to use as Mongo and it even maps your results to JS objects.
I'm actually in the exact same boat, but I've found quite a few things "wrong" with it, or otherwise just not all that great. In particular this isn't so much about Node but about the entire concept of "MEAN":

* MongoDB - This is problematic, and I shouldn't have to explain why. My project used it and very quickly I realized that I wanted to redesign some parts to have some relational features, and Mongo does not support that very well. I was using it more as a "prototype database" where I didn't have to write SQL by hand, but after putting in a little time to learn PostgreSQL I feel not only much more at home but I feel like my data has infinitely more integrity, flexibility, *and* performance.
* Express - I actually don't mind Express much at all and for simple web services it's one of the best options you can have. However, I recently discovered that there are quite a few other web server frameworks for other, more performant languages that are just as easy to use. In particular I've been toying around with Spark (the Java one, not the Big Data one) which was rewritten with lambda functions in mind and it's one of the most simple and expressive web frameworks I've ever used with the benefit of amazing Java tooling (unlike Node where you really only get that with Typescript) and the sensible Java library ecosystem
* Anglar - I'm actually quite liking "new" Angular but I'm also quickly realizing that all of this added complexity really only makes sense for a certain subset of apps. Classic server-side page rendering is more than welcome for a lot of situations with a small libary or two (or three) on top of that whenever you absolutely need it. It might not be "fancy" but it will work when JavaScript is turned off and it runs way faster, as well as having better accessibility support, usually. For the application I was writing, I realized that only a subset of the features I was using warranted a component-based, client-side UI framework since most other pages would only be showing charts and graphs at most.
* Node - Without TypeScript I feel like I'm fumbling my way through the entire Node ecosystem. NPM is also a mess with library after library in a giant disorganized bundle. I do like the general structure of project files and the ways dependencies are handled, however. I also generally get the sense that many people using and advocating for Node tend to advocate for the kinds of simple-yet-not-sustainable solutions that you'd tend to find in PHP-land back in the day. For example, a disturbingly high amount of people who suggest using MongoDB (for no other reason than "it's not as complicated as relational DBs") will also advocate for an ORM (usually Mongoose). I thought the entire point of something like MongoDB is that you really don't need an ORM for your data, and that if you're using one you're kinda throwing away the entire point of MongoDB's lack of structure...?

For my senior design project last semester I wrote a web app and an API using MEAN but in the end I find myself realizing that if I don't want to make a quick hack and I want to actually have performant, maintainable software then I need to be using a stack, with or without Node, that is mature and well-tested beyond the constant JS hype churn. Not to completely diss Node but I feel like it and other associated tools used as a "default" solution when other tools would do a much better job for similar effort, especially in the long term when you consider things like JavaScript's dynamic type system being more of a hindrance than something liberating.
It's funny, but Mozilla had a project just like that years ago called Prism. I made tons of those back when it was a thing and even made a little custom Ubuntu spin with some pre-installed "desktop web-apps" for the students at my old middle school as a high school project. It was really ahead of its time since it didn't really catch on.
    G R A N D
            A
            D
Ditto for me. Got a Dell XPS 13 with a 1080p screen and setting the scaling to 2 is way, way too high for most applications. In Windows I was able to get a much nicer scaling setting so hopefully this looks and works well too.
While it might not immediately fit with everyone's workflow, I find a lot of the decisions (not all, but a lot) made for GNOME 3 to really stand out from other DEs in a positive way. Off the top of my head:

1. Centralized system menu in the top-right. Wifi, sound, and other settings all from one menu instead of having to hunt and peck for the tiny little icon you're specifically looking for.
2. No screen space wasted from extra bar/dock space that you normally don't even use. Window switching is mostly handled via ALT+TAB and the Activities overlay, which brings me to:
3. Enhanced ALT+TAB. A lot of other DEs have the kinda standard, kinda lazy approach of just giving you the other windows in a list where the most recently used is the previous one. GNOME goes one step further and brings forward all windows from an application, letting you choose between switching between that application as well as others by just moving your finger a little over to the tilde key instead of Tab.
4. The Activities overlay is really nice. Not only do you get a spatial view of all of your windows, which is very helpful when you have a lot of them, but you also get a standard dock on the left. I never really got complaints about this VS a standard dock; who really needs to see all the applications they have open/pinned all the time? Don't you just launch them and then focus on them for a while? Unless you have really bad memory a dock isn't really going to help much, and even then it's still worse than seeing every single window at a glance like this.
5. Unified look and feel in the apps. Call me contrarian but I actually really enjoy their new UI. It's intuitive and has a ton of features without a lot of visual noise. The same goes for their other apps like the text editor and music player. While not exactly the most powerful options, they get the job done without getting in your way or being overly noisy and distracting in a visual sense.

I could go on for a while but the gist of it is that it's simple, minimal, and "just works" out of the box once you figure out the whole paradigm shift from something as convoluted as Windows (by comparison).

EDIT: a word
I also did and unironically also have no regrets. My mom loved it. Heck I'd say it's pretty appropriate for almost all ages, at least once they've had "the talk" anyhow.
I have a hard time understanding the "flexible and dynamic" part as well. I enjoy writing applications in JavaScript sometimes (mostly because I enjoy writing things in general) but I would never say that it being "flexible" or "dynamic" was any sort of benefit. When I think of JavaScript being "flexible" or "dynamic" I think about all of those objects I use that may-or-may-not have all the properties I'm looking for even in the type I'm looking for.

To make an analogy, we have the whole "structured programming" movement from the 60s/70s where we kicked "gotos" to the curb with the mass realization that hey, maybe we should be writing our code in a way that you can actually trace and map out at an abstract level. Similarly, I don't really see a benefit to JavaScript being so "dynamic" because sometimes I feel like I barely understand how a lot of these parts fit together, as opposed to a language like TypeScript where I can actually see the structure and documentation of my code in the form of types instead of being forced to read API docs to understand all of the pseudo-types that JavaScript programmers use anyway.

Which is to say, **TL;DR**: maybe being a little more like Java/C# would be a *good thing* for JavaScript. When it comes to being "flexible" or "dynamic", there is such a thing as too much.
They rehosted memes about /r/thebutton for crying out loud. They can't even claim it's innocent because they should know that those need context. 
Monkey ball would actually be pretty nice with mouse support. Then you could make a Steam Controller config with so much more precision than any other controller. 
That game was Team Ninja. I think you're thinking of Nier Automata (which was ported to PC).
Originally but not in the reprints.
Yep, and if I'm not mistaken if you buy the game digitally you get a discount on Bayonetta 2 as well which also has even more costumes and features. There's a shooter segment where you're flying and if you have a Fox costume equipped the stage turns into a mini StarFox level with an Arwing and everything. It's cute and fun. 

If you own a Wii U you might as well get it for that but the PC version will look and run better for sure. 
PC should run better but on the Wii U they have extra Nintendo-related features. I quite like playing in a Samus costume because your gun gets replaced with Samus' arm cannon and you get to transform into the morph ball.

I already own it for the Wii U and enjoy those features but I'll probably buy it on PC as well just to get a higher resolution and better framerate. It's by no means bad on the Wii U but it does drop from 60 every once in a while during fights.
You should be fine with either. I personally prefer the Steam Controller for most games. The game is not very camera-heavy so you can set it to a "Mouse-like Camera" setting and turn the sensitivity up in-game to give you a very smooth, almost mouse-like camera by emulating the joystick with your thumb swipes. In NieR Automata I made a reasonably popular config for it based on that but also with a button to swap the camera with traditional joystick emulation for the top-down segments. Seeing as Bayonetta is nothing but 3D camera action and very little need for that, I think you should be just fine with either.

Another added benefit is you can set the grip buttons to whatever you want so you can adjust the camera while also pressing a button traditionally on the face or otherwise. In Automata I set it to fire your gun so I could dodge and shoot at the same time; you can probably do something similar for Bayonetta.
The Witness was my GOTY last year (DOOM in 2nd place). Very few games just *get* good game design like this one. It doesn't say a single word to you throughout the entire game about how to play beyond the basic controls. It's like a Metroidvania game where you don't actually collect upgrades since you have them all along; you just have to figure out how to use them with your mind. It's a beautiful, challenging, and completely fair game that made me feel stupid every single time I got stuck and so brilliant when I finally figured it out.

I'd gladly buy/play it again on the go, even if I already remember the solutions to many of the puzzles.
The unofficial desktop player app has a night mode CSS hack. You can probably load one yourself with a browser addon too. It's quite nice. 
> If you use Chrome 

I can't be the only one here who remembers way back when Stylish/Greasemonkey/etc. were mainly popular as Firefox addons... And I'm only 22 so it's not like I'm some old-timer either. 
Which explains why every other legitimate game key store offers an optional insurance package... Oh wait no they don't because keys have virtually no chance of being stolen if they're authorized to be sold by the publisher. Insurance is supposed to be for things like long-term maintenance or replacement, *not* a guarantee that the key is legitimate. On any other legitimate site, if the key doesn't work they can work with you for free to fix that. They won't say "tough luck; guess you got a bad one" like G2A would.
I think maybe he confused "functional" with "you only write functions instead of methods on object classes" which is... Creative to say the least. But yeah, C code is not anywhere near what I'd call functional either. 
> Fuck ORMs, in every possible way. Learn the language of your database and write queries.

I had a summer internship last year where I learned how to develop a web application pretty much on my own, and I would look into various technologies to get the job done so long as I used ASP.NET, which was the business' only real requirement. Taught myself C#, JavaScript, Bootstrap and whatever else to get the job done, and one of the things I decided to use was EntityFramework which came bundled along with ASP.NET MVC.

At first I actually really liked it. I was able to just simply code out models and it would generate all the rest for me. Queries were decent, LINQ was convenient, and I was enjoying myself for the majority of the summer. That is, until I started having structural issues. I realized that certain types of queries were either impossible with EntityFramework or required significant refactoring of my existing tables. I also realized that my code naming conventions were significantly different from what was in the database and I had to explicitly specify pretty much every detail about every table with the Fluent API. After a certain point, I began to ask myself why exactly I needed EntityFramework if I could have just done all of this work in SQL because it was quickly becoming a very leaky abstraction.

Then there's the six months of my life after that where I thought the solution was NoSQL, but we won't talk about that.

Nowadays I've switched over to PostgreSQL for my personal projects current and future. If I need to map anything to an object there are libraries to do that without defining the database entirely based on my code (when it really should be the other way around). I'm not so much "fuck ORMs" but if I had the choice I really wouldn't want to use one again as it seems like I will have a better design for my project if I just use straight SQL from the beginning. That said, if I'm making Standard CRUD App #1078 then an ORM is fine. It does let you just "get in and make something" but once you make anything non-trivial you might as well have been using your own SQL queries from the get-go.
Don't Repeat Yourself. In good cases it leads you to modularize and organize your code better. In bad cases we end up with overly-generic code that loses all contextual meaning or otherwise a left-pad situation where literally everything is a library.
I remember using GNOME 3 from the pre-release days and it was such a breath of fresh air. Sure, it was missing some features from GNOME 2 at the time which was quite mature, but you could add many back in using plugins. Now, they not only have many more features and applications but they also have a unified vision of their desktop experience that is IMO quite superior to GNOME 2 and KDE, among other DEs.

At the core of everything is the idea that your DE should stay as far our of your way as possible, and I think that's great. GNOME Shell is simple and easy to use with little need for configuring, and what little configuring I do is very easy to get up and running. I set my GNOME 3 setup with a [gorgeous material-inspired theme](https://github.com/nana-4/Flat-Plat), a Places menu, and an Arch Linux update notifier. It's absolutely perfect for my needs and I feel like I can focus on getting work done so much more than on my Windows install on the same computer.

I'm glad that GNOME is not only going to get more support from now on but that it also has become something a little better than where it started. I've been very happy with it for years and I'm sure it's only going to get better from now on.
> If you hate even the concept of this game, why are you reviewing it?

All reviews have merit so long as they are based in fact. If the only people allowed to review something are the kind of people who would normally like that thing, that creates a self-serving bias and shields the entire genre from outside criticism. A review of, say, DOOM by someone who is a fan of the series is just as valid as a review of someone who has never played a shooter or someone who has only played games like COD. The point is, at the end of the day, as objective as a reviewer can try to be they are going to be including that bias into their analysis of the game. It's a subconscious thing.

Either way, all of the reviews pretty much seem to agree that the game is a spot-on copy of the Banjo Kazooie style of gameplay, even Jim Sterling who gave the game a 2/10. Where they disagree is whether or not that is a good thing, and they explain why. Reviews aren't supposed to have a fully solid consensus, you know? Even Breath of the Wild which has the most perfect scores of any major video game on Metacritic had some significant criticism depending on where you looked. People are supposed to read multiple perspectives and form their own idea of the quality of something before trying it for themselves.

A good review is not only one that judges whether or not a game achieves what it set out to do, but it also judges whether or not that thing it sets out to do is worth doing in the first place. That is inherently subjective and people are going to disagree on that front. You're gonna have to accept that instead of wanting to live inside of a bubble where any review that dares to assess the quality of something besides an impossibly-objective metric is somehow bad.
From Jim's review:

> Those desperate for a mascot platformer in Rares old style might be able to love this, but frankly if you need to collect things in a cutesy animal world that badly, just play Snake Pass. Its far better.

That's interesting. I saw it was getting mixed reviews and I assumed that it was a simpler take on Yooka Laylee's back-to-the-90s style of platforming gameplay, but I didn't expect anyone to actually recommend it more than Yooka Laylee. For those who have played Snake Pass, how good is it, really? How long would it take to beat it? I assume because of its budget price it's not very long in comparison to Yooka Laylee but I'm alright with a quick game if it's good. Also, how is the Switch port? I heard it's kinda blurry in portable mode.
In this situation it's less like reviewing a spoon like a knife and more like reviewing a horse-and-carriage like an automobile. There is nothing objectively wrong with the horse-and-carriage style of transportation; it's just horribly outdated. Now imagine that this horse and carriage was priced similarly to a modern automobile and you have this game's problem.

Yooka Laylee seems to be pretty much exactly what people asked for and that's fine. If people want an older style game they can get it and more power to them. However, at the same time the style of game is not like, say, OoT where the gameplay largely holds up and still influences games to this day. It's more like a game like the original Castlevania: well made and iconic but completely surpassed by Symphony of the Night and the GBA/DS entries in pretty much every way. In our modern gaming climate, why should a game like Yooka Laylee get a nonconditional recommendation? I'm not hating on the game. I'm just saying, modern gamers' expectations should be taken into account with reviews as well as the intent, and that shouldn't invalidate a largely modern-gamer-oriented review perspective. 
If you believe that whether or not black people are naturally more violent or criminal than white people counts as "politics" then I guess you could call it that. What happened was basically JonTron said some arguably disgusting and extreme things about race and Playtonic, once aware of it, decided it was best to remove JonTron's voice cameo from the game on the basis that they didn't want to seem attached to people so openly, well, racist.

The thing that gets me is that places like The_Donald have actively tried to brigade the JonTron sub and they're all over social media manufacturing controversy by acting like the devs suddenly "got political out of nowhere, and I want politics out of my games". Last I checked though blatant racism goes way beyond politics. If people wanna believe different things about, say, immigration policy that's their choice but when you bring the nature of race into it... Well... 
Kickstarter is not a way to purchase games. It is a way to fund them in exchange for something of value, often times the product being funded. The concept of refunds doesn't apply in the traditional sense and this has been the case for dozens of other games or products made with the service. 

Regardless, jontron was never a part of the original kickstarter campaign so it's more than a little ridiculous to ask for a refund based on a feature that didn't even exist on paper back when people funded it.
The sad part of it is that so many people are actively crusading against the game so as to create a culture of political opposition towards the game devs. Expect quite a few Steam reviews insulting the developers and not judging the game on its own merits, and I see many people openly hoping it will fail just because they got a little triggered. I took a look at the steam discussion forums the day that happened and it was nothing but toxic, vitrolic crap left and right (and yet these people had the nerve to rant about being "censored" for simply "asking for a refund" [which you don't need to do if you pre-ordered on steam and are not entitled to if you are a kickstarter backer anyway]).

Whatever you do, don't check their Facebook or YouTube comments, either. Instead of fans or people genuinely interested in the game it's all filled with what you'd expect after that. Also the ironic thing about all of this is, JonTron himself handled it rather gracefully while his alt-right-leaning fans won't shut up about it and act like they've been betrayed by society. Meanwhile the JonTron subreddit seems pretty understanding of the decision and many of them are actively hoping Jon comes back to sanity again, me included.
I don't think Dishonored really "punished you" for violence. It just changed the game to be more violent as you went on and gave you a darker ending. Having played through completely pacifist (save for one or two accidental kills), I wouldn't really call it the "best" way to play the game at all. The beauty of Dishonored is that both approaches are not only viable but they also have different moral implications; one is not better than the other.
In the case of some games like Crysis there are actually a myriad of settings not exposed in the game normally that you need to load commands for. His guide, last I checked, goes over those in detail and was a big help for me enabling some features the game wasn't using on my laptop at the time. I'd say, even if a game is really old, sometimes there are good reasons for a guide like that to exist. Any kind of analysis, however outdated, can also explain the visual differences and maybe say whether or not a certain setting is worth it (ex: I'd never max out motion blur on crysis because their implementation does not hold up very well). 
> FFXV, The Division, MGSV

I wouldn't say those games were broken or "massively incomplete" at all. I mean, it obviously would have been nice to have more story details in FFXV and MGSV but they were essentially "finished" products that performed reasonably well for their target platforms. FFXV did (and still does) have frame pacing issues but that's far from "broken". Every game has cut content, but you can get close to 100 hours in each with what made it in anyway so it's not like they didn't try to generate some kind of filler (though I do agree they could have used more time in the oven).

Rather I think a better type of example would be a game like Bloodborne that is a top-tier game but with poor optimization at launch leading to extremely long loading times as well as framerate issues in general. Even today the performance is still a little lacking, but it is, by no means, a broken or incomplete game. I absolutely love it but what I wouldn't give to play it on my gaming PC at a solid 60+ fps...
Yeah it's a scammer. There's a PSA on the front of the sub. The seller has no reputation and it's obviously too good to be true.
Once I bought KH1 and KH2 used from GameStop I think maybe six years ago. They gave me two copies of KH2 by accident and I only realized it before my parents were about to drive away from the mall parking lot. They were pretty annoyed that I had to run back in there but yeah, this kind of thing happens all the time. Now I don't even shop at GameStop and just get everything from Amazon Prime so I can be sure it's new. Hasn't failed me yet.
> b u t t h a t s
Right. I was getting at how simply changing to low will significantly change the visuals. I've got mine on high and it helped with the performance a lot without changing the visuals at all.
There are early moments in the game when it has promise and the open world feels fresh and new. You can wander around and find a few hidden dungeons and other attractions and it almost feels magical. But the story develops very, very slowly alongside this and by the second half of the game they rush through what's left so much that it feels glaringly unfinished. Also the camera is a bit jank and since the open world has so many dang rocks and bushes it gets caught very, very frequently.

I'd give it a score on the high end of a 3/5 which is to say it's good but far from great and with so many other great open world games out right now, you're better off with those. The game is also absolutely nothing like FF7 and FFX.

If I were you I'd look into Nier Automata instead which actually feels a lot closer to FF7 than XV does, oddly enough (especially with the setting). It has better combat, better story, better sidequests but a smaller open world with slightly less interesting visuals. Altogether though it's a top-tier game and is much more well rounded quality-wise instead of just dumping everything good about the game midway through. 
I strongly disagree about the global illumination. Low looks way better than off but medium and even high look noticeably better than low. Ultra is the only seemingly useless option as I've tried changing the setting in multiple areas and don't notice a difference. Even going down to medium has differences compared to high though. 
This is exactly how I felt when I played the game. It's funny, but games like this seem so amazing when they have potential and you tell yourself "this is all building up to something really amazing, I know it" and it ends up that isn't the case and all of those "10/10 best game ever" feelings you had were really built up on false hope and the implied promises the lack of story development made between the lines. I think it was the chapter 9 boss battle when I realized the game was jumping the shark and losing what made it feel so special in the first place while simultaneously undermining what it already achieved. 

Granted, the whole end-of-ch-13-plot-twist bit was really fascinating and chapter 11 was incredibly tense. I also enjoyed the emotional moment post-credits with Noctis and his bros. That said everything else was just so lacking in every way, especially with how the final chapter felt completely disorganized in its level structure and how easy it was once you figured out how to actually get to the final bosses.

Meanwhile I've been playing Nier Automata and in more ways than one this is the kind of game I wished FFXV would have been. Much stronger story, entertaining and interesting side quests, and very little true filler (well besides the whole multiple playthroughs thing). It's funny how such a comparatively simple game with a lower budget and arguably worse visuals can be so much more engaging due to actually building up to something worth playing in the end rather than distracting you for 30+ hours and then suddenly ending. 
I'm no expert but I believe Java is a great first language. It's not too complicated or overwhelming like C++ but it also has static typing unlike Python and it follows industry conventions. I think maybe C# might be slightly better or equivalent but either way it's a good first step. By no means a stopping point though. Java is easy to get into but it's good to maybe branch out a little while later into other languages as well so you can be well rounded. I'd die if I was only able to write in Java but occasionally it's fine. Another good first option might be just plain C or Go, but Java is good about teaching the basics of OOP since it's an entirely object-oriented language. 
Hopefully we won't have to wait as long as we have been for 3.0+1.0 to get the conclusion to this one.
That's on my list of anime movies I haven't watched but desperately want to soon, but as I haven't seen it I wouldn't know.

Also I'd say every single Satoshi Kon movie (Paprika, Perfect Blue, Millenium Actress, Tokyo Godfathers) is not like Miyazaki at all, at a bare minimum. He has his own style that doesn't really feel anything like him.
I can vouch for Wolf Children personally. Just watched it last week with my girlfriend and had a wonderful time. It's cute, appropriate for all ages, and incredibly well animated. Very much in the spirit of My Neighbor Totoro.

I honestly wouldn't say that most of the others were anything like Miyazaki (from what I've seen anyway as I haven't seen most of them) but 5 Centimeters Per Second is a worthwhile watch for anyone for its unconventional style. 
I think he's referencing to OkCupid campaigning against Brendan Eich for voting against gay rights once. 
There's always the scenario where my family wants to stream media from my desktop. Every once in a while on a slow day someone will decide they want to marathon Seinfeld or watch some movie they can't find the DVD for and they just load it on Plex but that requires my desktop to be powered on. On average I say they use it like that maybe once or twice per month. I edited my original post with this just now.

And either way if I did that I'd be worried about, say, dust or hard drive problems from lack of use. I'd be gone for about 15-16 weeks from May 'til August.
I have a PC I've built that's about 3 years old and I'm not going to be around to maintain it for the entirety of the summer. I got an internship across the country and nobody else in my family uses my computer for anything (**EDIT:** besides video streaming once a month or so) so I was wondering what my options are for making sure it still works well when I get back.

So far I have Teamviewer installed on Windows with unattended access and I can confirm it works. I don't want to keep the PC on all summer as it's a bit of a beast and my family wouldn't like the electric bill. I'm thinking that I can have my mom or younger siblings just turn it on for me once a week for me to do updates and general checkups and then shut it off from within teamviewer.

Do I need to be worried about anything else when dealing with my PC or its peripherals over the summer? I only use it for gaming plus some video streaming within my home.
> To the actual bug itself - Mozilla needs to stop cargo culting and focus on making GOOD TECHNICAL DECISIONS. But this requires some brain power - when I look at those developers who make shit like pulseaudio mandatory by default in the distributed binaries, I know that there are people in charge who attempt to sabotage firefox.

...Warning users that their password is being sent via plaintext is bad now? Also that weird little rant came out of nowhere.
"Bring me... a shrubbery! Or, um, perhaps you should just make one here yourself. With... a herring!"
I gravitated towards Master Mummy while my friend really liked Ninjara. You'd think that a faster character might have an obvious advantage over someone as bulky as mummy but after a few rounds with him and trying his different styles I was able to get into a rhythm pretty quickly. He's very powerful but not quite as nimble as the rest so it's a bit "easier" to deal damage but it's also easier to receive it.

The thing is, no matter who you're playing, you can still block, dash, and jump easily, just to different degrees, so it's not like you're as giant a target as it seems.
I got to play this game with a friend at that Nintendo Switch Tour event thing when it came near my town. It was without a doubt my favorite game there. Even with the motion controls it feels fluid and dynamic and I could tell they were getting nervous with just how much I went over to play the game since it was a preview event. I seriously hope the game develops a following but either way I'll probably get it to play with the friend I brought there.

My favorite thing was how every character not only has a unique style but also several different weapons to choose from on each arm. That way matchups are more dynamic than simply having a larger roster as you can make adjustments even after the character select.

EDIT: AMA I guess if anyone else wants to know some details about how it plays.
I'm going to try and get a Switch this summer for an internship I've got where I need to relocate for 4 months. I'm gonna be without my gaming rig or any of my consoles so I might as well get a game or two I already own at home if I want anything to play. At the very least I know I'm buying Redout which is one of the best racing games I've played in a long time and if it runs well on the Switch I wouldn't mind owning it twice at all. 
I have the same problem and the exact same GPU/driver. I hope this can be fixed on someone's end soon because I'd love some quality AO in this game. For now I've just turned it off.
Another PSA to piggyback this one: I noticed buildings and other surfaces looking gross and flickery with their shadows like they were super low resolution. It turns out that the ambient occlusion is either bugged or just poorly implemented. Disable it and the game looks much better (oddly enough). It would have been nice if we could have gotten HBAO+ or something instead of this extremely low-resolution faux-AO.
Not only that but the shadows on buildings flicker constantly even on high. It bothers me so much. The game oddly looks great in any other area like the desert but the initial city area feels limited and more than a little hacked together.

Also what the heck is up with the water? It's super grainy.

EDIT: the flickering on buildings is from the ambient occlusion. I disabled it and the game looks so much better now. Apparently it was just extremely poorly implemented and makes the game look like it has tons of aliasing.
What I mean is that this should be a "solved problem" by now. Yeah, I know games like Dark Souls had some weird scaling issues that modified the DoF as well as the appearance of the sun in the distance, but that was mainly because, as most people agree, it wasn't a very well-thought-out port since they didn't design the game for that flexibility. People have been releasing games in the West for years and years that supported arbitrary resolutions for a given aspect ratio, or at least a much higher number of them. And even if they did have some weird issues like that, it should be a simple 2x width/height scale away from whatever settings they used in 720p to get 1440p to work, right? If they need to change things like the UI or textures manually they should just be using some kind of scaling constant that increases in proportion with the resolution and use non-absolute, relative measurements for positioning things. The game already supports 900p on console which isn't quite so evenly scaled into 720p or 1080p so it's not like they couldn't figure it out if they really wanted to. It's the fact that they seemingly don't even want to try that bothers me, regardless of their historically inflexible game code.
I mean really the game should already support 720p, right? 1440p is literally just twice the width/height. Four times the pixels. It perfectly scales! How hard could it possibly be to support it? Do they hardcode resolution support instead of doing it the right way and just arbitrarily supporting 16:9 ratios?
I mean, 6 hours is a lot of time. If I were watching a TV series and the first 5-6 episodes weren't very good then I sure as hell won't continue watching it. If I buy a game for $60 and I don't really think it's my cup of tea after 6 hours, then I'm not gonna bet on the game getting any better; I have better things to do with my time.

Games should put their best foot forward and give you a good idea what to expect of them within the first two hours or so, max. If you are feeling like you're just "waiting for the good parts" then chances are it's just not worth it to you.

Discrediting people who give impressions after 6 hours of trying to figure out whether or not the game is good for them is not only shortsighted but incredibly immature. He doesn't have to view the game the same way as everyone else and you don't exactly have to finish the game to figure that out. He wasn't reviewing the game either but rather just stating his personal opinion and preference; what a crime, right?

I love Zelda but holy crap the fanboys like yourself are really going at this full force. People are allowed to dislike things you don't, you know.
So you never fought around bushes or trees? 
I was just blasting through Nier this past week to prepare for Automata's PC release and today I told a friend just earlier today that this feels like "if you took Frog Fractions and turned it into a serious action-RPG". It's funny how we independently came to that same conclusion. The game really is something else (when it works, anyway)
I fully agree. I almost swore off the whole Souls series because of that game pissing me off towards the end. It has its moments of brilliance but there were so many times when I felt like I died because of things beyond my control that I just gave up and only tried Dark Souls out of boredom years later. Dark Souls and Bloodborne, on the other hand, feel perfectly manageable and much more well designed all around. Even DS2 I'd honestly say is generally better than Demon's Souls (if you include the DLC anyway) even though it doesn't feel nearly as creative.

To me the game is kinda like NieR in that it has a deserved fanbase but it also mixes the good with a lot of bad... And then the sequel comes out and blows everyone's minds. 
Yeah the regroup ability is a big help for babysitting them but it feels like I use it way too often. Also wait mode isn't really necessary for myself since I feel like I can maneuver just fine without it; it's mainly the lack of party control that bothers me.
Already have it pre-ordered! Super excited. It's the only game in the series where I played the post-game longer than the main game. XIII's post-game was pretty decent but since it only consisted of hunting monsters it grew kinda stale. XV's post-game so far is pretty good but the camera problems and combat make it feel worse than XII in so many ways, even if it is a lot flashier and faster-paced overall.
XV made me kinda wish for the days of XII where I could pause the game and give orders to my party when needed instead of solely relying on the autopilot. In some ways I honestly think the AI in this game feels dumber than the XIII series because at least in XIII you could change their "paradigms" which were essentially just XII's gambits in pre-packaged form. In XV every party member just does their own thing and they get hurt way too frequently, like I have to babysit them.
Wow, I was not expecting to see Redout publicly referred to by Reggie in that video. If that game is seriously coming to Switch I might just double-dip. That game is one of my favorite racing games today and on PC it's absolutely gorgeous. I'd be totally willing to sacrifice some visual fidelity if I can get it running on the Switch. I just hope they keep it 60fps or at least give the option for that.
I think part of the problem is that 10 seems like a "big" number. It gets even more contentious when you go up to 40 like Famitsu or even 100 (which 10 point systems usually are, just times 10^-1 so you have decimal points). I personally prefer the X-Play 5-point scale where the scores go like:

1. Your game is fundamentally broken or otherwise so objectively bad that nobody should play it.
2. Your game has potential but squanders it to the point where it's below par and actively annoys and frustrates the player while offering little in return.
3. Eh. It works. If you're into this kind of thing, you might like it, but it's not exceptional.
4. Your game is very well made but there are some things holding it back from true greatness. Strongly recommended for genre fans but not in any way "essential".
5. Pretty much the cream of the crop. One of the best games not only of its kind but of its generation as a whole. Highly recommended not just for genre fans but also for any self-respecting gamer that appreciates a quality game.

This way, there's a lot of intentional ambiguity in the scores and nobody whines about games getting a "perfect" score because honestly, what the heck is the difference between a 9.5 and a 10 anyway? How can you quantify or qualify that? It's better to give a general idea of how good the game is and then, through your words in the review, elaborate on that instead of trying to shove your opinions into a needlessly detailed scoring system. Words are just infinitely more effective at conveying what works and doesn't in a game and how good it is, because different people will value the so-called flaws of a game differently in the end anyway.
Probably because Nintendo integrated the rumble into their gameplay design decisions so it's more immediately noticeable. The location of the motors could also have an effect on how you perceive them.
Now that you mention it, yeah it does look really weird. I thought the game was just slowing down but it turns out it was just me focusing on the animations which makes the game seem like it's slower than it really is. It's a real shame they weren't able to fix those up. I was considering rebuying the games for PS4 but I might as well play the PS3 versions I already own because the framerate was never really a problem for me before, and this is coming from the kind of guy who normally plays games at 1440p up to 144hz. I'd rather have consistent visuals that don't throw me for a loop even if that means ditching 60fps.
I've treid and it works great but it's not a full replacement. Some documents still don't display correctly (I guess I might be unlucky) and of course you get worse performance among other things.
My problems are all documents that I have to open. I've got quite a few files that don't open correctly in Google Docs or LibreOffice, even if I have all the right fonts installed. This is just mostly dealing with school documents as I'm a university student. Once I graduate I highly doubt I'll need anything more complex than Google Docs a majority of the time I need to type any kind of document out. 

Right now my Office 365 subscription is set to end by the summer when my last class that uses it will end. After that, I've got one class until graduation and it's a CS course so I doubt I'll need to edit oddly-formatted, decade-old template documents anymore.
It actually is out for the whole world according to Wikipedia. He meant the DLC comes out then.
I've got the latest 1080p model of the XPS 13 and it's amazing for Linux. Dell really made sure to contribute upstream for Linux compatibility on their hardware or so it seems. All of my drivers work out of the box on Arch and it runs like a dream. If I could get the current version of MS Office working properly on Linux then I might as well ditch Windows entirely besides gaming.
Yeah man I feel lucky to have bought that game when I did. I got it for maybe $19 last year and its price has more than doubled since then. I'm gonna see if I can rush through the game before Automata comes out on PC and maybe at that price I'll sell it before they make some HD remaster and the value goes down.
You talking about the one near the beginning? If you fail three times in a row it skips ahead to you beating it. I don't know if that was patched in or not but it's something to consider. Also fishing really isn't so hard. You just look for the top of the rod to dip a lot (it should have two small dips and one large dip) and on that third large dip you press X. Then just hold the analog stick in the opposite direction of the fish until you catch it.
> I'll probably skip the Switch to get a PS4 this year, then get the Switch in 2018 once Nintendo gets their shit figured out.

As someone who reluctantly bought a PS4 only to play one or two games despite already owning a Wii U and a high-end gaming PC... This is the right decision. The Switch is a great piece of hardware for what it is and I actually got to try one out at a local event in Chicago the other week. ARMS and Zelda and Puyo Puyo Tetris and Snipperclips and... Well most of the games they have are tons of good fun. That said, at the same time, the PS4 just has so many other great games that are worth playing too. I don't love my PS4, I actually think it's one of the most mediocre consoles I've ever owned in terms of ambition (and it sounds like a jet engine whenever I play anything non-trivial graphically speaking) but I do love the games it has and I'd recommend them to anybody. It is, for sure, the single best "general console" on the market without going into some niche, if only because it just has a ton of support.
> besides the whole no wrist strap thing

IIRC the issue wasn't a lack of wrist straps but that the initial design for the wrist straps was way too thin so they would occasionally snap with enough force and the little slider that kept it on your wrist was liable to get loose. They revised the wrist strap with a thicker model that had a clasp on the part you slide near your wrist so that it stayed in place.
Well haven't you heard? Dark Souls is hard. Therefore, logically, any other game that requires more effort than a QTE can and must be compared to Dark Souls /s

I like Dark Souls, mostly, but seriously the amount of times it's referenced these days is a bit extreme and I agree. There are *so* many other games out there with similar qualities that can be referenced or compared to. I guess if I had to say why it's always Dark Souls it's because it's got a lot of "good ideas" in it that other games also incorporate in smaller capacities. Combined with how a lot of peoples' collective memories only go back about 5-10 years for video games, it makes sense that a game like Dark Souls would stand out so much despite its ideas being hardly new.
And get banned from any decent tracker.
I've owned several laptops over the years, some running with Linux better than others, but no experience has been quite as pleasant as my Dell XPS 13. I bought it with Windows to do some .NET development but I've always been a Linux man and I recently upgraded my SSD to fit a dual-boot with Arch on it. The funny thing is, it actually works better on Linux than in Windows. All of the necessary drivers were pretty much preinstalled and I got no weird glitches or incompatibilities whatsoever.

For example, the default audio drivers on Windows are a glitchy mess that sometimes crashes and leaves me without audio until a forced reboot, and there's a one-second delay any time I ever try to play any audio or video before playback starts (it's still in sync, just delayed). Meanwhile, on Arch (which is known for having you figure everything out on your own), virtually everything works out of the box with no hassle. I was actually surprised to plug in my headphones and GNOME had a built-in "what device did you just plug in" dialog that was snappy and stylish whereas my Windows install had a custom menu specific for my drivers.

Literally the only downside is that right now in Wayland it's pretty much impossible to have non-integer desktop scaling which is a pity, but it's not a dealbreaker. I just zoom in on my web pages and increase the font size in apps where I can and I'm doing just alright.

All in all though, Linux on my laptop has been a really pleasant experience and I'm so glad that a major laptop brand actually supports us this well instead of making it a bit of a crapshoot in terms of compatibility like most other laptops I've used. Keep it up and I might just be a Dell laptop customer for life at this rate (though they could really use a bit of a cleanup on the Windows side of things).
Hello was certainly... weird... but I love Australis. The whole UI just flows and looks so nice in comparison to Chrome, even though the UI is obviously Chrome-inspired. I feel like the new customization menu is also much easier to use than before. I get why some people liked the older design and it did have more features back then but I think that this trade was a net positive and helped move Firefox in a more modern web direction. Besides, my most used Firefox add-on features still work great such as side tabs (the Tab Center add-on from Test Pilot is really nice) and you can't get anything quite as nice in Chrome without compromise.
Yeah, now that you mention it, seems like an underestimate. 
I'm not OP but I played Snipperclips last week with a friend at the Chicago Switch Tour event. It's actually really fun with a friend. If you enjoy Portal 2 co-op it's actually a very similar experience as you have to solve puzzles with each other I'm a similar way. One of the best games on the floor that day for sure next to ARMS and Puyo Puyo Tetris. 
I also did this and it works really well. There's a forum post on makemkv forums about the exact time stamps to merge them at so the audio doesn't desync. I'm on my phone right now but I'll edit this post with it in a bit.

EDIT: sorry for the delay, here it is: https://www.makemkv.com/forum2/viewtopic.php?f=1&t=4915
The movies actually come on two discs each. The full trilogy is like 12 hours long last I checked. Each movie has like 4-5 discs, two for the movie and the rest for hours of bonus materials. It's an insane collection. 
It absolutely did. One weird issue in their games though is how they rarely seem to support anything above 1080p, if ever. If you want 4K or 1440p you have to go out of your way to patch the EXE in MGR's case, and Transformers Devastation supports 4K but nothing in between that and 1080p. I'm hopeful that I'll be able to play in native 1440p but if I can't I'll be happy enough playing on my living room TV so I can at least get surround sound if I can't get ideal visual fidelity.
> I'm also surprised to see that many reviewers, even Jeff, thought the story and the ending was compelling. I'm just really glad that Guerrilla Games didn't squander its amazing setting and managed to create something engaging. 

You and me both. Before these reviews I've been really cynical and disinterested in the game because I know Guerrilla usually has a lot of missed opportunities with their games that are often far more pretty than they are long-lasting quality. The Killzone games have not held up nearly as well as, say, Halo or Half-Life and Shadow Fall, while pretty fun at times and definitely gorgeous, did not really have as engaging a story to back it up, making it a solid 3/5 in my book (which isn't bad but not great either). If this game is as good as everyone seems to say then I might check it out. Maybe they're finding something that they're better at than the same old shooters they've been making for years, and it could give them a much needed boost in public recognition.
I got mainly interested in programming from being given projects to do and figuring out how to complete them. The first few things you make are inevitably going to be pretty terrible or mediocre at best, so don't feel discouraged if you stress over details. What matters at first is having a goal to work towards.

For example, last summer I had an internship where I was supposed to make a web application using C# and ASP.NET MVC. I didn't know either of those and they gave me lots of freedom to look up ideas and implement them, and because I had a goal to work towards I was enthusiastic and engaged for the whole summer.

Since then I've been learning about modern JavaScript web development and I found out about NodeJS, Angular, React, and other systems and have been seeing what I can make with those. I decided to make use of them for my senior design project at uni and I was able to learn new things while completing my assignments. Usually I'll spend about half of my time looking up new information and the other half trying to apply it to my projects. It's a gradual process but it works because I give myself a feedback loop and set goals for myself. It's at the point now where I'm working on that project even further in my own free time because I've built up so much momentum for myself that it's just fun.
The theme, to me, is pretty evident in the final monologue a bit before the mentally ill one blows the trumpet. Forgive me for not remembering their names, but the younger son was having relationship issues with his father that mirrored the issues his father also had. He was going to not go to his funeral after all he had been put through but in the end was convinced to go because his mom didn't want him ending up like that all over again. The theme seemed to be that, maybe in spite of all of the bad parts of our relationships, we should be willing to set our pride aside and say we appreciated the good things they did, or maybe that they tried, instead of getting so hung up on their failures that it haunts us for the rest of our lives and turns us into bitter, hurtful old men (so to speak).
The sad thing is that the final 3 episodes are a long prelude to the second season that we never got, so when you watch the show for the first time and get to that part you get so excited for more but it just ends... If you watch the show up until episode 10 I think that's a much better "ending" for the show as they really built up to that moment. 
I love monster hunter but I have to admit that the crafting is BS. I don't want to hunt the same monster 5-10 times just for a rare drop so I can finally build the set I want. Generations is a little better with this but it's not perfect and still requires a lot of fighting the same monsters over and over for the grinding treadmill. Then you have the sheer number of items in the game that can be combined as well and the busywork with managing your farm/etc. to keep a decent number of each so you don't run out without constantly having to buy new things. The act of crafting isn't bad but it's not like you're any smarter for doing it; it's just busywork at the end of the day.

It's things like this that keep the game at the low end of a 4/5 for me. It would be amazing if it didn't get on my nerves just how many rare items I'd have to collect all the time, especially in the beginning of the game when you're trying to get past all the lame gathering quests that only exist to show you where you can continuously grind materials.
You need to install angular cli globally to run it from the command line. Run 'npm install -g @angular/cli@latest' or whatever version you have. 
You know, I tried this game out during a free weekend and got so many crashes and visual oddities that I came away loathing the game... But in spite of that I have a huge amount of respect for developers who try their best to improve it like this. Good on them for trying to build the game up to something better, and maybe they'll even make a customer out of me yet.
Hmmm you might be onto something. We might even be able to have entire movies as a series of animated frames played simultaneously with music. Maybe even have chapter and subtitle support, too!
It makes me laugh whenever people (like my own father, bless his heart) say things like "B-But the Democraps supported slavery! Lincoln was a Republican!" as if these things never change... Are you really arguing for your team today just because of what people said and did a century and half ago? Do you not understand that demographics shift? I mean, if MTV can decide to not show music videos anymore then certainly the Republican party can become a steaming crock of shit that panders to and brainwashes the uneducated masses to give their elite figures and connections more power and privilege at the peoples' expense.
I think the Steam copy has no DRM if I'm not mistaken. I've tried launching the game by the EXE alone and it launches just fine without loading anything from Steam.
For starters, you can use anchor tags to link to multiple spots on the same web page by using their ID. Say, for example:

    <a id="top">Top of the web page</a>
    <a href="#top">Return to top</a>

On top of that it lets you get a single element with JavaScript using document.getElementById("someID"). Well, these days with React and Angular and Vue and so on, you probably won't write a lot of code like that, but it has a historical purpose beyond CSS.

As far as CSS and CSS alone goes, you *could* theoretically use unique classes for certain elements, but it's bad style to use it for anything you're sure to use once. Classes are for defining general styles while IDs are for defining specific variations of styles on top of that on a case-by-case basis, when necessary.
Considering they supported and helped elect one, they might as well all be by extension, or at least enablers of groping.
Watch Dogs sold over 10 million partially because it was a hyped-up Ubisoft title and yet it was one of the most unremarkable games I've played in years. I agree. With the right amount of hype and advertising you can get tons of people to buy your game, good or bad or somewhere in between.
Why the hell would anyone downvote this? I love boom blox! One of my best Wii memories, no joke. 
I just recently converted an express app over to typescript and it works really well so far. It's especially nice because now my IDE has auto complete for function arguments like Request and Response objects and the like. Do a little digging around in the type definitions and you'll see it's pretty straightforward and bolts right on top of normal express JavaScript code. Can't say anything about koa since I haven't tried it yet. 
Basically my experience with Google Home. Asking it for anything you can get with a Google search works most of the time but for some other simple things it just gives up.
I mean if we're talking about the breaking changes in RC versions that was absolutely ridiculous, but so far 2.x is very stable for me. I've been developing a project in it since August and make use of quite a few features and not once have they broken anything I use yet. Looking at everything they're changing for 4 it seems like they're still not changing very much. I'm not against breaking changes in general but a few small ones here and there are fine if they warn us well in advance and give us time to update our code.

I think expecting stability when using any framework in a language where a large number of developers have to transpile their code to use features not even in browsers yet is a bit of a mistake. With Java of course you're going to get much more stability but I think Angular is just a victim of the current needs of JavaScript devs and the desire to embrace a landscape that is changing far too much. Maybe in 5 years we'll have web applications that don't need to go through such a churning process but until then Angular isn't really unique in this cycle. Like I said, React also has breaking changes. I suppose that maybe the Angular community isn't as used to it though because they've been very stable for a while now.

EDIT: I'm not really expecting the code I write in Angular to be "current" in a few years the same way I expect my Java or C code to be mostly stable, so I can tolerate it myself. Web development just doesn't have that level of stability yet. Maybe after webassembly takes off... 
People are talking about Angular and how it isn't going to last for years and years and how it has these architectural issues... Would someone elaborate exactly what these people mean? I'm fairly new to web development (less than 1yr experience) and only a senior in college so I'm not really seeing the concerns. If the main concern is regular breaking changes, well, that's web development. Not really exclusive to Angular and React seems to have that as well to some extent. As long as you follow the list of experimental and deprecated APIs it shouldn't be too difficult in the future to refactor if necessary.

I started learning Angular for a personal project and honestly I'm liking it very much. The community has quite a few good libraries to use already and I've applied to several jobs that use it so it's not like it's unpopular. I'm not expecting it to last like 5-10 years but for right now it seems decent for some projects.
My girlfriend's father is a vet who voted for him despite that AND the fact that his daughter was abused (which, given Trump's history of disrespecting women in multiple senses of the word, bothered her immensely). Then he ranted to me on his own front lawn about voting for Hillary when he kicked his daughter out of the house and I had to help her move out on New Year's Day just after midnight... 

I wish I could make that up. Some people are just fucking nuts. 
Wow what a coincidence. I just bought a bunch of functional programming books the other day and this was one of the ones that looked interesting. If you say it's good I guess I made a good decision! I was taught a little Haskell in my discrete math class (for some weird reason) and recently dabbled a bit in Scala and I'm quite fond of it so far and can't wait to crack it open and get into it this weekend!
Wow. I always heard that PHP was bad but I never realized just how disgusting some of its flaws are... Welp, back to coding in JavaScript for me! 

But seriously ES6/TypeScript are really nice even if JS has a few weird quirks. It's nowhere as bad as PHP and I'm thankful for that. 
I've seen with experience and other peoples' accounts. And I do visit the sub from time to time; I just don't post because I know it'd be worthless to do so. And I don't wanna get banned from other subs just because I want to prove a point. Some groups are just worth staying away from.
Also Indiana and I agree. I think it has something to do with an inherent distrust of authority. Anyone who appears "learned" is probably some kind of "god-hating liberal" unless proven otherwise, and even if it is proven otherwise they rant about them being pretentious.
I find it funny how a t_d poster is complaining about being banned in other subreddits when that subreddit bans you for literally anything that isn't entirely pro-trump. Something something safe spaces and all that. Never mind the fact that t_d is filled with bots and spammers.
They have a thing for this called "rubber duck debugging". Have a rubber duck on your desk and whenever you can't figure out a problem just talk to your rubber duck. Like you said it actually tends to work because through expressing your problem you come to understand just what you've been missing all along. 
I have a feeling I've already lived parts of it myself. Hah. And no but I've been meaning to. Thank you for reminding me. 
My own father, most of my extended family too, support the guy so much that even when things like the press secretary speech and him not releasing his tax returns happens, the first thing they say is "but democrats did X and Y"... I'm so ashamed of my family. I mean, I love them, but they make me feel so alone in the universe by doing this to me. Not only did they collectively vote against my future (graduating college soon) but they don't have the logic or reasoning to be able to call a lie a lie and just flatly state, hey, this is wrong.

Their reasoning is that Trump is gonna stop all the abortions and save all the babies and whatnot... Even though less abortions are happening now that it's legalized. "Liberal propaganda and fake news" they'd say.

EDIT: a word
Oh goodness, Nintendo has fully drank the open-world kool-aid on this one. I have not played a single game in my life with that many side-missions and collectables that had a consistently high level of quality. I honestly think it's nigh impossible just due to the nature of quantity over quality in game design. Spread yourself too thin and the overall package suffers.

I get that a lot of people want games like this, and sure, that's fine, you guys enjoy it and be excited for it, but after what happened to so many other games that went far too open world for their own good (FFXV, MGSV, pretty much any major action-adventure Ubisoft game) I have my share of doubts. Gonna be waiting on the reviews for this one for sure.

Actually, to be fair, FFXV and MGSV were extremely fun for a good portion of the game but after some time it just became clear that they didn't really know what to do with the game besides filling it with open-world shenanigans, and the end-game suffered. Zelda games have always been historically excellent barring one or two minor quirks per title, but this one looks like such a radical departure from the formula that I hope they know how to balance that out with high-quality gameplay that doesn't get stale after the 46th retread through the same micro side-scenarios.
> Serious question, what valid reasons are there that this is an issue of women's rights? As far as I can tell it's just people grumpy that they didn't get their way. Is it about Trump's pussy grabbing comment?

Trump, Pence, and his entire cabinet are anti-LGBT, anti-abortion rights, anti-public-healthcare, and do not represent the majority of Americans on any of those issues. If you felt like your rights were threatened or being taken away by people, wouldn't you want to go out and protest or respect those who do? "All candidates are snakes" is just plain untrue, and either way, I'd take a good snake over a bad one, one who actually seems to respect women and their rights.

Also Trump has said a lot more than "grab 'em by the pussy". He's a genuine hate machine that has said and promised things that offend and insult nearly anyone with intelligence. Honestly as far as I can tell the only reason anyone would bother supporting Trump over Hillary is because they either A) believed all the fake news about her or B) want to see liberals upset. Trump and his entire cabinet are corrupt to the core, far, far more than anyone ever alleged that Hillary was, so that's not really any ground for anyone to stand on.
Yeah like I get they were trying to make night time all "scary" for low level players but once you're not, actually trying to build up an EXP pool before resting by going several days at a time is just impossible without frustration. Riding my chocobo to an objective results in me bumping into bushes two feet in front of me I didn't see every three seconds.
I agree. I loved the game for the first several hours and it honestly felt somewhat magical to just explore around in, but only because it had so much potential. Looking back it's so painfully obvious just how much of the game is filler content and how much of the story just isn't there, never mind the terribad camera and party babysitting gameplay. To "fix" FFXV they'd have to completely redo the game. Overall I think it's still enjoyable for sure but it was never really close to the GOTY material everyone (including myself) hoped it would be based on the marketing materials from 2013. 
I do the same thing sometimes. I've got the 13 inch model so it really feels like my laptop is more powerful than it is. With 5ghz WiFi I've been getting pretty consistently good quality 1080p60 with very few hiccups. 
This is exactly what I thought Twilight Princess was supposed to be. I felt so confused at the ending because I was sure that it had to take place before Wind Waker. Nope, separate timelines apparently! Thanks Nintendo for confusing me lol. 
They shrug that difference interpretation away by saying "well if you have real faith then you'll be doing good works anyway." 

... Which is kinda the whole point of the Catholic interpretation that both faith and works are necessary. It's nuts to me that many protestants today believe that yet act like there's such a significant difference between that and the beliefs they originally "reformed" in the first place. Now, if you're Calvinist or something and believe that if you're baptized you're going to heaven for sure, then you have an actual disagreement. Not that I agree with that position at all (it's a little unfair if you ask me) but at least it's different enough to warrant arguing about it. 
I was hoping for some kind of Monster Hunter or Metroid title for the system, but since we won't even get Mario until late this year at the earliest (assuming it isn't delayed) AND we have to pay for online play, I'm gonna have to pass for now. I already own a PS4 and a PC so I have most of my bases covered. The Switch could be a worthy successor to the 3DS in my eyes if they pull this off since the technology looks absolutely incredible for the price.

So many people see $300 and think "but this isn't as powerful as my console therefore it's a waste of money" when in reality they're shoving a good portion of that plus extras like the HD rumble and incredibly advanced controllers into that package, so of course you're going to pay a bit more than you might think. Adjusted for inflation, I read this is like the 4th cheapest console in history at launch, so really, no justification for complaints there, especially considering the initial cost of the 3DS and what that could do compared to the quantum leap this thing seems to be by comparison.

I feel like this will be an amazing system in time but only if Nintendo can work out their online systems better for once, get at least a few more killer games, and maybe change 1, 2, Switch to be a pack-in title like Wii Sports or Nintendo Land were in the states. Then I could see myself buying one but for now it feels like they're just trying to rush this out for Zelda and that's going to hurt it.
...Yay I suppose...

When I can get party games that are probably at least as fun for a fraction of the price, I'm gonna have to say no thanks. Maybe if the reviews are good enough to justify it but $50 is a lot for a party game when you already have to buy a specific system to play it.
I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt on it. People freak out about the tiniest stylistic changes to things on the internet. Wind Waker had people up in arms about it being a "cartoony kids game" and Tokyo Mirage Sessions recently had problems with it allegedly ruining everything Fire Emblem-related due to changing to a pop-idol theme. In both cases, the games were good enough that people were able to look past their initial thoughts and judge the games on their own merits. I see quite a lot of praise for both and I know I enjoy them myself.

Besides, the city thing is just one level, and it could be a pretty neat change of pace. People need to really loosen up and see things from a less judgemental perspective. It's one thing to say "I'm not really sure about this" but I see a lot of people going above and beyond simple differences in taste about it. At the end of the day it's just a game, and all games live and die on their gameplay most of all.
I don't really think a lot of people here "get" what the game is trying to go for. The whole style of the game, the whole intended purpose as said in the presentation, is to give you a feeling to traveling to another world. That's why the tone and style is all over the place. In the end what really matters is how it plays and I personally think it has enough variety to be interesting enough. We'll see when it comes out, though. The hat mechanic looks really interesting for sure (and nobody seems to care enough to bring it up).
It's not like the Switch is much more powerful (if at all). The thing is portable and needs to have some battery life to it, and even in docked mode it's the same hardware just at a faster clock speed. Pretty much every other game there had a hyper stylized art style to partially hide the fact that it's not exactly on par with the Xbox One and PS4, by design.
If the game has some depth to it I could totally see myself picking this up someday. I was definitely most surprised by this game during the presentation and I'm glad Nintendo is trying something new that nobody else would. It might be a bit too unconventional for most gamers but I'm certain it'll carve a niche out for itself if it doesn't suck.
As a fan of quick fun party games like Jackbox this looks right up my alley. I hope it's decently priced (not $60, please, Nintendo, or you'll kill it). It looks like it has some legs but I feel like they should have showcased a different game than that cowboy draw game; that can work on literally any system.
I was hoping for some information on an HD Monster Hunter title of some sort or an enhanced version of Smash. Honestly I really like the concept but I think I'm holding off until it has at least a few major games to buy. Zelda, Mario, and the eventual Monster Hunter game are at the top of my wanted list and they'd better deliver.

Also I'm really impressed with the controllers. They look like something really special, much better than the GamePad.
Well there's a difference between having a potential conflict of interest and having a huge, blatant cancerous lump of a conflict following you daily oozing slime in its wake and denying its existence. People like Hillary... You know I wasn't really so keen on the idea that she wouldn't release her transcripts. But in the end, now that we've seen some of them, it really wasn't as bad as a lot of people thought. I'd have been happy with someone like that, if not entirely pleased since Bernie lost and he was my favorite. But Trump is on another level entirely. I don't think it'll ever be possible to get money completely out of politics but we can at least try to prevent monstrosities like this from happening ever again.
Nah man, those silly atheists believe that, like, truth and morality is relative, man. Because like, they don't believe in anything, man. Silly stupid atheists that think whatever they want to think that's different from me because I'm a God-fearing Christian which is the right way to live your life because I personally think so. /s
Is there any way I can watch it in good quality without buying a theater ticket? I've wanted to see it (and the book of Mormon) for a while now but keep missing the opportunities near me.

EDIT: I get that I can "just listen to the soundtrack" like everyone is telling me. What I want is to *see* the musical. Musicals are partially a visual art too, and I feel like I would spoil the experience for myself if I experienced it the audio-only way.
They define the boundaries of the "if statement" block. Some languages do it this way instead of using brackets, like Visual Basic .NET and Bash scripts. In Bash they do it like:

    if [condition]
        ...some code
    fi
I'm pretty sure those aren't "alternate joycons" but instead skins/covers for them for protection or something.

EDIT: The price for the set is 30 euros and includes a case for the controller and games as well as a big screen protector. For that price I can guarantee that they're not actually extra controllers.
> Or you can have a Wii U and play on PC and get a fantastic deal and miss out only on a handful of exclusives? I don't know why but I get the impression from your argument you aren't considering this at all.

From literally two comments above, I said:

> I was only sane for the years I owned my Wii U because I got a gaming PC on the side and played with that for years

Second, I'm not talking about owning multiple consoles. This whole thread was about whether or not the Wii U had a good library, and quite frankly, it does not. If the best argument for owning a console is that it "makes a great second platform" then that says itself, really. I did the vast majority of my gaming the past several years on my PC, not because I enjoy PC gaming more (though I do) but because it just had so many more games that interested me and many other gamers. Every year tons of amazing games would release for it. Same with the Xbox One and PS4.

The argument I'm making is that there's a large shared pool of Xbox, PS, and PC games that don't make it to Wii U, and that pool is large enough to seriously dissuade someone from buying a Wii U as their primary console or considering it in general considering how expensive the games for it still are.
I don't really think that's part of the problem at all. The problem isn't the location of the button it's the complete lack of challenge to press it so much in Ch. 13 because the game makes you for over an hour.
Found it https://angular.io/docs/ts/latest/guide/dependency-injection.html
> If I got an Xbox One I couldn't enjoy Bloodborne or Until Dawn or Last Guardian or Nioh or Gravity Rush 2 or Neir Automata. If I got a PS4 I can't play Halo or Killer Instinct or Ori and the Blind Forest or Gears of War or Dead Rising 4 or Forza. If I only had a PC, the list of games I couldn't play would be gigantic.

You're obviously going to miss out on exclusives, but PC has always had emulation which helps and practically infinite backwards compatibility going forward, theoretically anyway. That's not the argument I'm making, though.

The Wii U has good games but it doesn't have good *popular* games besides maybe three of them. The PS4, Xbox One, and PC can all have a majority of the most popular games being released today that all have so much hype behind them. The average console/PC gamer today can play Deus Ex, DOOM, Fallout, Overwatch, COD, Titanfall, FFXV and so on using whichever device they please because they're multiplatform, quality, *and* popular. Wii U gamers don't really get any of those.

Sure, PS4/XBO gamers are missing out on Civilization and PC gamers are missing out on Sunset Overdrive and Bloodborne, but at the end of the day they still get most of the same major releases while the Wii U gets left behind, and it's tough to ignore that as an average gamer who just wants to play good, popular games and talk about them with his non-Nintendo-obsessed friends.
Remember that this is the same company that made a crossover fighting game called "Dissidia Duodecim 012 Final Fantasy" which had a serious, highly detailed story mode that, combined with the original game's story (Dissidia Final Fantasy), lasts anywhere from 50-100+ hours and ends up being a prequel to Final Fantasy 1 in the ending scene. Convoluted is their middle name :)
Your definition of a "great library" != "a wide variety of great games that most people actually want to play"

The only mainstream games that the Wii U got were Mario 3D World, Mario Kart, and Smash Bros. Close behind it is Splatoon. Everything else either sold too poorly (TW101, as good as it is), is just a bit too niche for most gamers (Pikmin 3, Xenoblade), or both (Tokyo Mirage Sessions, which is also pretty good if you haven't played it yet).

I love my Wii U, I really do, but the only systems I'd really consider to have a "great library" in the current generation are, well, everything else. You can get lots of amazing games for any platform but if I get a Wii U I can't play Dark Souls, I can't play Bloodborne or Halo, I can't play Deus Ex, I can't play FFXV, I can't play The Witness, I can't play Batman, Bioshock, Shadow of Mordor, DOOM, Dishonored... The list goes on and on and on.

If you're talking about high-rated exclusives that people have to take a leap of faith to enjoy like Splatoon or Bayonetta, then absolutely, the Wii U has some incredible games. Some. Just some. Not really an excuse to invest in it as your only gaming device, only something on the side. I was only sane for the years I owned my Wii U because I got a gaming PC on the side and played with that for years, and recently I caved and got a PS4 for FFXV and Bloodborne.

So **tl;dr to follow up on OP's statement**, the Wii U only has "good games" if you're already familiar with or otherwise interested in playing them. Otherwise, it's perfectly fair to say the library is lacking. The whole idea of a good gaming library is variety combined with quality, not quality in and of itself, and even then that's kinda debatable (Star Fox Zero, I'm looking at you).
Oh they'll definitely focus on Sora, Kairi, and Riku alright, especially since [Spoiler](#s "Kairi is becoming a keyblade wielder now"). Also four other characters, one of which is [Spoiler](#s "Lea/Axel")... So maybe not, actually, but we can only hope that they focus on the first three.
Well it's a combination of that. Most people should know that holding square auto-dodges but the act of holding it down drains your MP, so you do have to time it in order to keep your MP up.

EDIT/PS: And furthermore, once you get that nailed down, combat becomes so easy that it becomes bothersome whenever the game throws you into one of those situations. It's just a chore to even fight the enemies at that point from that chapter. The first couple times were interesting but they really didn't build on it at all from the start.
You have to look further than the words "incomplete". FFXV, for me, was incredibly enjoyable despite its weird flaws for the first 20 hours or so, but that was mostly because I anticipated the conclusion of the story. It seemed like it was one of those "gameplay first, story later" type games where I just go around and have fun and then the story would be resolved later in a satisfying way, but what happened was a 5-hour series of chapters that felt so short, shallow, and rushed that it seemed almost unfinished.

What people mean when they say it's an "incomplete game" is that, for what the game itself tried to be, it felt like they should have spent so much more time building it up to realize its full potential. For example, the sidequests were fun and engaging up until I realized that the majority of them were uninteresting filler quests that didn't really build upon the characters or world much. It could have used a lot more quests that built up the lore of the game world or introduced interesting mini-plotlines that your characters could become involved in.

Instead, what we got was a game that has small moments of potential greatness that feel unrealized and unpolished. Things like the flashy combat being ruined half the time because of the overabundance of bushes and camera angle issues, or the plot only really existing in any sort of major capacity for the final five chapters of the game. If they had maybe a few more hours of story content to flesh things out and had less filler quests and a few more substantial, engaging story-related sidequests this would be one of my favorite games in the series, even if they don't fix the combat or camera issues. Instead I'm left with a game that aspires for greatness but doesn't really do anything interesting enough to warrant anything close to a GOTY nomination. I'd give it a pretty solid 3/5 because the negatives pretty much cancel out everything I felt was amazing about the first portions of the game, but I still enjoyed myself and had fun, and would recommend it to other Final Fantasy fans regardless.
If it makes you feel any better, the story has become so convoluted in the meantime that you'll be just as lost as everyone else when they finally play it. I say this as a fan of the series. I love the gameplay and the characters are engaging but after Dream Drop Distance I honestly have no idea what they're even going for anymore. It's worth a play if you haven't yet, by the way, if only because the story is absolutely nuts.
The main reasons people hate Chapter 13 are that it very quickly turns into "hold down square to dodge for 2 hours" instead of actually thoughtful and engaging gameplay and a huge chunk of plot development happens off-screen and is quickly tossed away at the end. The entire story of the empire is resolved and ignored, and the twist regarding Prompto is only used so he can open a door. It was never hinted at or acknowledged again in the story.
Nah those are just Evokers. They're going to combat the forces of heat and drain clogging with their Personas. 
I've given up on it entirely. I'd just switch to a third party app like Irfanview if I were you. It might "look ugly" but it just works how you'd expect and has tons of features and keyboard shortcuts. 
I'll be the first person to defend Other M as "far from the piece of garbage everyone says it is" but even I have to admit that setting the whole Adam story immediately after Super as a prequel to Fusion is so poor. I'd have preferred it focused on Samus' early days where her emotions might have made a bit more sense to some players. Fusion implies that Adam hasn't been a person in her life for a long time, too, so for it to be essentially Metroid 3.5 just feels wrong. Still a great game, and pretty fun on Hard Mode too. 
I'd also like to add that Other M also managed to continue Fusion's thematic elements pretty well. Had at least a couple jump scares that caught me by surprise. Also contains Nightmare.

Honestly if it weren't for the story pissing everybody off (and it's really not that bad) I think a lot of Fusion fans would really like it. It's basically Fusion but in 3D in more ways than one. You also have an SA-X-like presence following you the entire game, but not quite as blatantly well done as it was in Fusion. If Fusion is a 5/5 classic, Other M is a pretty solid 4 in my book by comparison.

And of course Prime 1/2/3 and Zero Mission had their own moments of tension. Once in Zero Mission I grabbed one of those ceiling transport arms and it pulled me across a lake only for a giant worm monster to shoot up and hit the ceiling behind me without warning. I nearly crapped my pants.
You know how some books and movies are sort of "culturally required", like Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Tom Sawyer/Huck Finn, To Kill a Mockingbird, etc.?

In all honesty if there were a LP-version of that list the Game Grumps Sonic 06 playthrough would be top 3, easy. Not only is it the perfect summary of the game but it's funny in its own right and their descent into absolute madness never gets old. In a way I feel like you could study the effects of the game on them for some kind of college-level essay and get a good grade; it's just so rich.
I invited friends over when I found a copy used at GameStop some years ago. Many, many fun times were had. You have to try the completely unbalanced VS mode too or else the experience just isn't complete. Such a magnificent mess of a game.
> TITS

That has to be one of the best (unintentional?) acronyms I've ever seen. I can't believe I've never noticed that. Only one that compares IMO is Super Time Force Ultra (STFU) and I'm pretty sure that one is intentional.
> [previous year]

> anon thinks it's [current year]

Wew lad. 
Seriously. I love(ed) Capcom and even from time to time they can make some good decisions like the amazing Dragon's Dogma PC port last year. That said, I have to wonder how they stay afloat with all of these horrible mistakes. Probably Monster Hunter or something (which, as good as it is, let's be frank, is more recycled than nearly any other major game series, and I say this as a fan). About the only thing they're doing that I'm looking forward to is RE7 and it's sad that a game with such seemingly high quality is the exception and not the norm for them... Not anymore, anyway. 
I watched a GDC presentation on it (I think it was GDC) where one of the people involved said that they basically converted the game's code into C++ and they built on that to make it platform agnostic. 
But that's the thing: it's not the open world itself that's being criticized so much as it is the very existence of it in some games. Far too many games are stretched thin with meaningless or poorly engaging content and collectables solely to increase playtime without actually being engaging in and of themselves. A lot of games make an open world and then say "what do we fill this with" instead of coming to that open world design in an organic way. What happens, like in No Man's Sky, is that the game is as wide as an ocean and as deep as a puddle.

The argument is that not every game needs to be open-world. A lot of games could be better off by tightening them significantly, removing a lot of the filler, and replacing it with content that takes more effort to develop but is more engaging to the player.
> TW3 had a pretty mediocre open world, but people were fine with it because the rest of the game was great.

Did you even watch the video? Jim's entire point was that open worlds are only interesting because of the content within it, using TW3 as an example. The open world part of some game isn't the issue, it's that it's being used as an annoyingly hype-able advertising bit instead of pushing for more engaging content. Games are often open-world without really justifying that for themselves. I'd say TW3 does an incredible job of justifying its open world whereas a game like No Man's Sky doesn't really use it for anything mechanically engaging whatsoever.
Is that chapter 10/11? Somewhere around there? That's an awesome chapter, one of the best in the game IMO. MGSV was my GOTY for 2015 for reasons like that. It might have a lot of content instead of a single 10-hour romp like other games in the series but I feel like the core gameplay was engaging and rewarding enough to justify the game being this way. It even encourages you to find creative ways to do each mission so the replay value is insane.
Funny story: Konami is making a MGS survival game that even has co-op. Getting a lot of hate (somewhat justifiably) for being a Kojima-less cash-in on MGSV and its reused assets, but nonetheless it seems pretty interesting to me.

I personally would prefer drop-in co-op for MGSV missions in single player, but I'll take what I can get.
That last point is mainly why I'm so disappointed in FFXV. At times, the game is incredibly fun and interesting, but when it's padded with so much bland filler and rushed story content, I feel like I'm wasting my time playing it. I'd much rather replay a shorter game that I already know is good, maybe on a higher difficulty level. I beat DOOM twice, once on ultraviolence and once on nightmare, and I might go back for the arcade mode soon because even though it's the same content slightly tweaked I know that it intrinsically has more value than other, more repetitive games, and I make the choice to go back instead of the game dangling it in front of my nose with some sort of open-world checklist.
I 100% agree, and I think that XIII-2 is the first place where this started taking its toll. In that game while I think the story was pretty engaging the actual gameplay was a mess by comparison. Without the linear nature of XIII-1 there was no way to tell how properly leveled up you were for a boss, and the world was so filled with dull sidequests (especially towards the end of the game) that I almost gave it up. The thing is, once you do get to the final areas of the game and past the giant wall of sidequests you need to do to get there, the game becomes incredibly fun. The final area alone is one of my top memories in any major Final Fantasy title because of how challenging and atmospheric it was. The main reason? It became linear again, and it did a damn good job at it.

Lightning Returns, on the other hand, while being more "open world", it actually had things you would expect from more linear games such as time limits and a hard push towards following individual stories instead of doing a bunch of menial tasks. It's definitely an overlooked gem and in many ways feels like a prototypical, and in many ways better, version of FFXV.

I think a lot of people just like to hate on things and jump on popular bandwagons that they don't entirely understand. COD gets tons of hate even from people who don't play the games at all or have never played them (some of it is understandable but a lot of people go way, way too far with it), Metroid Other M barely sold any copies and yet you'd think that most Metroid fans would personally believe it killed their firstborn (for the record I think it's pretty great at what it does, 4/5 in my book, and most non-youtuber-critics think so too), and in this case, FFXIII got so much hate that a lot of people, myself included, were hesitant to play it and went in with negative expectations. In my case that actually worked out pretty well because I honestly believe it's one of the best games in the series from a mechanics standpoint and the most fun to "just play" once you get to at least halfway through the story. 

XV might be fun in some parts but it has so many weird camera and pacing issues, never mind the lack of depth to combat and the shallow open world, that I can't really place it up there with some of the better titles in the series.

**EDIT/PS:** I actually used to get into arguments with my fellow FF-fan friends years ago about how older FF games were super linear and they just had rose-tinted glasses about it. The common and most-upvoted response was that they had "the illusion of non-linearity" and that should be enough. No, I'd argue that linear or not, what matters most is being fun, not whether or not you have a million options. Games like Portal didn't need to be non-linear or appear to be to be fun, they just needed to give you a series of challenges. Final Fantasy has always been the same way, just with a lot of window dressing, and I've never seen it any differently even when I was a kid playing the SNES and PSX-era games. I'll admit, XIII has a very, very poor start where the game forces you into several instant-win battles for hours and hours, but most other Final Fantasy games are similarly easy for the first few hours as well, so to me it's not a big issue.
The sad part about FFXV is that for the first dozen or so hours it's absolutely entrancing. I couldn't wait to see what lied beyond every corner and within every crevice of the game's world, mainly because it made me excited for the game's conclusion. After a while once it became apparent that chapters 9 through 14 were shoved out in rapid succession at the player without giving us any time to build up story and character details, then I retroactively hated how much time I spent on that game. It's amazing just how badly a lack of polish can tarnish even the enjoyable moments of a game.

Case in point: the frog-catching sidequest. I actually loved it to pieces. Why? Because 1) it was a break from the rest of the game, 2) it gave me an interesting and funny excuse to explore a portion of the world, and 3) once it finished, I was given a bit of world information. Specifically, the woman who asked me to catch frogs told me about how nights were getting longer, something barely actually mentioned in the story until it's already way too late for it to matter and never really elaborated on in a concrete way besides it just happening for some reason. So what could have been an interesting and subtle exercise in supplemental world-building was completely tarnished by the game's obsessive focus on quantity over quality. If they just gave thirty minutes or an hour or so to the general ballpark of that plotpoint in straightforward narrative development I could have thought to myself, "oh hey, I remember that lady saying something about this when I caught frogs". Instead it's treated as if I already know what's happening and it barely even matters in the end since by the time it's relevant to the story it's nearly done.
I mostly agree. What killed Star Fox Zero for me wasn't the controls (which were pretty fun and inventive) but moreso how the game barely made use of them. Finishing the main story plus all side missions is extremely short, way shorter than most other games I've played this past year and I didn't start to really enjoy the game until it was almost over. It's also a shame that the most fun vehicle is only available in a single challenge mission (the buggy thing).

If SFZ got the same level of love as, say, your average Zelda or Mario or Metroid game (even Other M had tons of content and detail despite having a mixed fan response [but I think it's pretty great]) then maybe the game could have been as good as it deserved to be.
From the link title I thought that this was some kind of post about how Kotlin is horrible and has all these problems and nobody should use it and so on.

Color me pleasantly surprised that it seems to not be the case. Just skimming those problems and how they're so easily solved really makes me want to learn this language and use it in an actual project somewhere. Thanks so much for sharing!
I would disagree in that while both games certainly have their high points, XV has a serious camera problem. Far too much of the world is filled with trees and bushes that get in your way and it gets way too hectic to follow easily more often than not. That and the game ends so quickly and so abruptly that it cheapens the whole experience with the last five chapters all feeling very lazily thrown together (especially 13). While MGSV did have some similar issues in terms of story development I felt that the gameplay was incredibly engrossing the whole way through, up to the final mission, whereas I feel like XV starts to lose steam somewhere around chapter 9. 

That's the difference between a top-tier game with flaws and a game that fluctuates between good and bad depending on the chapter. MGSV was my GOTY last year because even though the story was a bit loose I still never stopped having fun, whereas FFXV becomes a chore 30 hours in and doesn't get that much better. I even did a lot of the post game stuff and as interesting as it is I feel like it doesn't engage me like how I felt during the first twenty hours. 

Meanwhile I've put over 100 hours into MGSV and I might go back and replay some missions for fun soon trying to get the best ranks. At the end of the day, games live and die by how fun they are in the moment and while XV is a lot of fun for a while it couldn't really hold me long at all past the ending, and for a 10 year wait that's a bit sad compared to a game like MGSV that has only been in development since Peace Walker came out. I guess Kojima just understands what a fun game is more than Nomura/etc. from Square, but their world design is absolutely top notch. 
Was anyone else reminded of An American In Paris during the ending sequence? The way it cuts into this mental retelling of the events of the story in song and dance really reminded me of that. Kinda made me appreciate it a bit more, looking back, since I think I get what they were going for now.

Altogether though I think this was such an amazing movie. One of my favorite musicals by far and definitely in my top 2-3 films of the year around Swiss Army Man and... probably something else I haven't seen yet. Hopefully Silence if it ends up being as good as it seems.
> The "Alternate Reality" showed that they still could have been successful AND had a family. But in the end She just leaves him.

That's not what I saw at all. The whole reason they grew apart was because she put everything she had into her dream, and that simply lead her down a different path. The sequence was a "what if" not so much as a "we made a mistake" but rather, "could things have worked out between us?" I don't think they could have. They loved each other but their dreams conflicted with each other and pushed them apart, as evidenced by the dinner fight. They were simply looking back misty-eyed at their past and slowly coming to the realization that they just couldn't be.

La La Land is very much a hopeful movie, but not the way you're seeing it. It's just trying to say, sometimes you have to compromise on your dreams for the sake of other dreams. You can't have it all. Both Mia and Seb were right; you should follow your dreams, but you also have to "grow up" and realize that there has to be compromise somewhere.
It is a little strangely mixed at points. It didn't help that my theater had one blown-out speaker and it fuzzed with the sound somewhat. I still loved the film so much but I only really understood the first song after listening to the soundtrack online afterward.
What exactly happened with Shank? I'm aware of ME3's ending patch but Google isn't being very helpful on the Shank topic.
Hm, I'll take your word for it. I didn't really think about it that way. 
In my experience Shadowplay has pretty mediocre-at-best quality compared to other solutions. NVIDIA's hardware encoding is made more for quick recording of game footage moreso than high-quality recording of game footage. To get acceptable quality for my game footage I usually have to up the bitrate to at least 30-40Mbps. For re-encoding video for streaming, it would not be my first choice.
I dove into Python 3 a year or so ago when I was learning Django and I haven't looked back. There is absolutely no good reason to stick with Python 2 if you have the choice. Python 2 is really only for people using legacy frameworks that haven't made the transition yet. One of my friends does exclusively Python 2 because of PyGame, but they recently released a version supporting Python 3 (if I'm not mistaken) so now I get to bug him to update :)
I should note that the GBA version of VI is actually the best version to play if you install a couple ROM hacks. One fixes the textures to have the original saturation levels and another fixes the music to be on par with the original game, plus the option of an orchestral rendition of the opera scene. So you get the SNES soundtrack and graphics but you also get the improved localization, bug fixes, and added features of the GBA version. It's the only way I play the game these days that feels like it does any justice to it. The original SNES game is of course a classic but it could have used a better translation at least. 
I think you should have included Visual Studio Code in your options. If Atom counts then that surely would. It has amazing typescript support and is my second choice after WebStorm. 
> There is nothing wrong with wanting payoff from a puzzle game. Portal 2, from 2011, rewards you with story and comedy.

The entire point of The Witness, though, is that gameplay itself is the payoff. That the reason you should be having fun is because you enjoy solving puzzles. If you need something else to want to solve puzzles then that kinda says to feeling that the puzzles are a chore to get through, you know? I have nothing against games that have story, some of my favorite games have story or comedy or whatever. Portal 2 is one of my favorite games of all time in that regard. I'm saying that it's a little nosnensical to hold that against a game whose entire point is to say "the gameplay itself should be fun enough to be a reward". If people don't think so, that's fine, really; criticism is healthy and expected. The problem is holding a "lack of external reward" against the game as if it's something we need to enjoy ourselves. The question is, what is more valuable: wanting to play a game because you're just having fun, or wanting to play a game to "get it over with" or "complete some task(s)"? More often than not in a lot of modern games you get this weird mix of games that are sometimes fun to play and sometimes filler and chores. The Witness is a statement against that, with the entire game being a series of puzzles that should be enjoyable on their own merits as a mental exercise. That's valuable to some people like me. Not everybody has to want to play it, but to not see the value in that as a concept is what I think is sad.
> I don't think many people are asking for XP or leveling systems in the Witness, but nominal returns as a positive feedback to accomplishing what they've done before that also lends to more variety to the gameplay and avoid burnout.

Allow me to rephrase: absolutely nothing is wrong with, say, unlocking content or progressing a story. Some of my favorite games ever are almost nothing but story (MGS series comes to mind, plus some indie games like Firewatch).

What I'm saying is that there's a difference between *expecting* that and accepting the game for what it tries to do. If The Witness' 40 hours of nonstop puzzles isn't for you, then by all means, that's fine, and I don't mean to say otherwise. What I'm saying is that it's a little unfair to hold a "lack of reward" against the game because the entire game is a statement that gameplay itself should be the reward, and that aggressive completionist tendencies tend to ruin games by filling them with fluff that doesn't matter and only wastes the player's time.
You're grossly misinterpreting what I'm saying. For starters, look at the context of my words, emphasis mine:

>If someone can't find enjoyment in solving puzzles like that **without some kind of "reward mechanism" like most games these days have**, well, I have to feel sorry for them.

What I'm saying is that, if people feel the need to have to trudge through a game, doing mindless tasks to earn some sort of "reward" instead of enjoying the gameplay on its own merits, then they should reevaluate for themselves what about gaming is even enjoyable in the first place. Does everybody need to want to play games like The Witness? Absolutely not, and I never claimed as much. There are tons of amazing puzzle games out there like The Talos Principle, anything from Zachtronics, Portal, JBlow's own Braid, etc. that are also incredibly enjoyable. Does every gamer need to enjoy playing puzzle games as much as I do? Absolutely not.

**However**, if the only reason these kinds of games are not enjoyable is that you don't feel a sense of "forced progress" whether it be in some sort of reward mechanism (achievements, EXP, regular unlockable items and features), then it points to a larger problem that the gaming industry as a whole is a victim of, not individual people. Gaming has become so much more like gambling, pushing people along for "just one more level/challenge/achievement" with the promise of some reward that it's downright exploitative. Mobile games selling more opportunities to play each day, slow grinds towards mediocre rewards that only reinforce the desire to keep running on that progress treadmill...

The entire point of games like The Witness is to make a statement against that. The Witness, like a lot of other great puzzle games, is all about intrinsic enjoyment of gameplay itself. If you're into the kind of game The Witness is, you should be able to enjoy it without needing to be pushed along by some kind of "expectation". You should be able to enjoy the act of solving puzzles in and of itself instead of solving them "so you can get something", you know? That's the entire point behind puzzle games in the first place, really. I'm not saying everyone needs to enjoy The Witness or even puzzle games, but to have the mindset that gameplay is only valuable because of what you get for doing it instead of enjoying games in-the-moment, that's just sad.

Jonathan Blow himself has given several talks on the issue, and I'll update this post with links when I have the time if you're interested.
**EDIT:** Please see my comment below this one for a more thorough explanation. Link in case it's not visible:

https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/5jxpek/the_witness_end_of_2016_discussions/dbjxmmh/

- - -

The entire point of the game's design was sort of a critique of modern game design theory and how we too often forget that all you really need to make a good game is making the player feel smart. So many games hold your hand or try to be overly "challenging" without understanding true difficulty, pushing you along by "rewarding" you with things like story or EXP, whereas The Witness makes a game entirely about nothing but thoughtful, relaxing, mentally engaging puzzles. If someone can't find enjoyment in solving puzzles like that without some kind of "reward mechanism" like most games these days have, well, I have to feel sorry for them. 
They actually patched in some features to help with that not long after release. You should try it again if you haven't. 
Or maybe people like it because they understood what was going on in the puzzles. The whole enjoyment of the game for me was in just how intricately designed every single one of the puzzles were and how each one threatened to change your perspective on what you've been doing this entire time. After I finished the game I sat down with my SO and watching her play felt almost as engaging as it was the first time for me. Seeing her moments when she finally realized how the puzzles worked was so satisfying. 

If you solved some of the puzzles "by luck" and didn't really make an effort to understand why they could be solved that way, you were really cheapening the whole experience for yourself. 
I'm still waiting for them to make Unkarted.

Come on, Naughty Dog, tap into that zany past of yours... For me, please? 
I interpreted the category more as "what game shocked and surprised you in a good way beyond expectations". Everyone thought DOOM was going to be a hot mess until it came out and ended up being good. I couldn't believe it until I tried it and it ends up that it's my favorite AAA budget title of the year. The Witness is my GOTY but DOOM is a very close 2nd place. I voted for it from just how amazed I was at it. 
I'm way newer to this than most of you guys, and I still felt similar. I learned jQuery and Knockout for an internship project using ASP.NET MVC this past summer and that's when I found out about Node, ES6, React/Angular, etc. Once I got back in school I decided to try them out and while they do have their problems I am just floored with how flexible and powerful these frameworks are. If I could write my summer app over again I would definitely use something like this. That way, I don't have to worry so much about translating data from my C#/JS code and can just work the full stack in JS/TypeScript. It's easier to mentally handle this way, I find, if you do anything more complicated than a few forms with validation. 
I think you missed his joke. "a few breaking changes" was in quotes to say that they really were a lot more than a few breaking changes.
That and one of the best things about the game that a lot of people overlook was how they completely rethought how puzzles, arguably the core gameplay of any Zelda game, were incorporated into the environment. The result was that even while you were exploring or wandering around you were still solving puzzles not unlike the ones you'd find in dungeons. They even designed the areas with a sort of Super Mario 64-style reusability so that you will end up solving multiple styles of puzzles in the same place later in the game. It's my favorite in the series excluding that one boss you fight three times. That was a bit of a chore but what game doesn't have one of those nitpicks? 
Oh shoot I forgot that those existed. For my first year with my smartphone I loved playing those Rayman games because of how well they captured the feeling of playing the home game but on a phone. If SMR isn't even as good as those for a higher price then yeah I wouldn't be surprised on iffy ratings. 
I'm in the same boat. I haven't played in months but I put 150+ hours into it. It's actually my most played game on Steam (probably my most played game period across all platforms now that I think about it) which is funny considering it's nowhere near my GOTY (that goes to The Witness with DOOM close behind). Capcom really dropped the ball but I'm willing to support them if they can make the game into something more than it is in the eyes of most gamers right now. It needs a lot of polish still.
It is not. As far as I'm aware it's only default on Windows for some god-forsaken reason.
Before I could even program (I'm a senior college student) I remember reading Linux forums that were absolutely filled to the brim with hatred of anything mono. It was seen as some sort of Trojan Horse "deal with the devil" situation where if you wrote your code for that platform you were literally working against the free software movement and all that. I saw so much hatred slung at the developers of projects that used it and especially the main contributors to the whole mono project. I never thought that only ten years later c# might actually be in a better legal situation than Java right now. 
I believe he's referring to holding down almost nothing but the dodge button since it does damage. There's no skill or thought in it, hence "cheese" 
Oh yeah... I thought you were talking about, like a mid battle summon like an attack. Like some QTE. 
Nope never happened for me and I assume many other people. It didn't happen on the Zero Punctuation stream the other day either. 
Is it? I never got that option, I don't think.
Our nation will drown to death in a sea of so-called "liberal tears" :(
Oh no I don't worry about that; the problem is that bushes are everywhere and huge visual noise. They do not play well with the camera at all. In some other open world games they get transparent when you're near or something for visibility purposes but not here. Way too many of the fights were disorienting because of [situations like this](https://youtu.be/ITfKaUFfx7g?t=194) (3:15 if the time link doesn't work).
XIII is actually, looking back, one of my favorite in the series overall. XV beats it in some ways but loses in others and just leaves me feeling really unsure.

You know what game is a real guilty pleasure, though? Lightning Returns. Imagine if XV had the open world questing it already does but more of them actually mean something, it has Majora's Mask-esque time-sensitive gameplay, and an actually interesting story from the very start. I think XV is better overall but I really enjoyed my time with that game on PC (the port is very good, btw, much better than XIII and XIII-2's ports).
Even if you're hesitant I think you should still get the game. Maybe wait for a few content patches and a discount but despite the iffy parts I actually really enjoyed most of my time with the game. 
The thing is, I actually enjoyed the linear story parts of XIII because they actually tried to develop the characters somewhat and had a story to follow. That said the first three chapters were really poor in the gameplay department and it only gets interesting once you get to the three-way battles. The latter parts were, I agree, the most enjoyable though. I'm glad that Square seems to have learned their lesson in that you shouldn't make people sit through hours of exposition and easy, automatic gameplay to get to the fun parts later on, but it seems they forgot to put a real story in there as a result. It's kinda sad because it feels like they had such grand plans for the story a few years back. They cut almost all of that out, including some major characters featured in trailers. 
Oh no I wasn't saying it was a spoiler. I was saying proof that he had gotten past Chapter 2.
I actually really liked Chapter 11 and the 14th chapter, while rushed, was still very emotional. That said I have to completely disagree about the "proper narrative" bit. They really shouldn't have split the story up into Kingsglaive and Brotherhood because I wouldn't have appreciated the story nearly as much without them (and even then it had so many gaps).

EDIT/PS: I actually felt that the personality of the game was there for the majority of it. I just loved the dialogue of the characters, the Cup Noodle quest (I chose Egg and had to go all the way to the top of the Rock of Ravatough, that was fun) and the subtle world-building was really engaging when it happened. It's a shame that it didn't really build up to much in the end though. I loved being able to drive around a random spot and have Ignis/Prompto ask me some random question, or make camp and have Gladio ask me to go fishing in the morning.
I'd love an explanation for that twist with Prompto in ch13. I feel like they accidentally left that one in when scrubbing the game of all of its character development and world building details. It not only came out of left field but it basically only happened to let you open a door. It's dropped immediately after and never spoken of again. 
Well yeah. The plot (or rather, the extremely rushed focus on it for the last 5 hours or so) was, for most people, the worst part of the game because the gameplay is worse all around. So many story events happen off-screen, plot twists come up that don't even make sense or matter (Prompto's twist in ch13 for example), and the whole ending sequence in general just feels way too fast. It's like they wanted to get the story over with instead of building up the world and characters more. 

What makes XV a good game is the engaging gameplay and character dialogue while exploring the intricately designed world, not the plot so much. What makes XV worse is that it takes all of that away from you to shove a half-baked story down your throat to get it out of the way before returning you to the post-game (which is actually really good). Those parts start at chapter 9 and quite a few people feel this way. 
> Other than that he didn't even finish past chapter 2 as far as I can tell

He mentioned Iris, the "girl character" who you don't meet until Chapter 3 and she doesn't ask you to grow carrots until around Chapter 8 last I checked.
It's funny, he says he stopped at the carrot-growing sidequest, which is right at Chapter 8, AKA the last really good part of the game before it becomes a linear, rushed slogfest. I can only imagine what he would have said had he actually gotten through Chapters 9-14 as they really brought my overall opinion of the game down slightly. The good parts, however, were so good that I can't help but really like the game regardless and I'm glad I played it.

Also here's hoping Square patches in some way to tell what the heck is going on when you're in combat around a bunch of bushes. That is probably my single least favorite part of the game besides the lack of character development.

EDIT: Yahtzee is streaming the game right now on The Escapist's Facebook page here: https://www.facebook.com/EscapistMag/videos/10154809404489591/ Looks like he just started Chapter 9.

EDIT 2: I forgot they do this on Twitch too: https://www.twitch.tv/escapistmagazine
Static vs non-static is basically asking whether or not you want to instantiate your code as an object.

In a traditional main method, the code is static as it is only instantiated once at the beginning of your program. You don't type, say, "Main main = new Main();". Instead, you just have one "main" that does exactly what it is told to do. If you apply the "static" keyword to the class or method, basically that's telling the compiler "I want to be able to use this class/method by itself without making a new object".

In your example, the class "main" has a static method "main", which then tries to call a method "display". In Java, since everything is a class, you can't just run whatever code you like from wherever you like. Methods exist on a class definition and they require you to make a new instance of that class as an object variable to make use of them, unless they are static. Instead, what you're trying to do is just make some generic in/out function that doesn't need any extra information besides the parameters, so it makes sense to have it as static along with your main method.

EDIT: Here's an example of how you would write your code in a non-static way. Take your "display" method and put it in a new class called "Displayer" or something, and remove the "static" keyword. Then, you can use this in your main method:

    Displayer d = new Displayer();
    d.display(testarray);

Of course, if your program is so simple you don't really need to do that. Naturally, it's better to use static methods for things that you don't really need to instantiate with some properties. Why would you ever need more than one "Displayer?" So static is the right way to go here for this kind of simple program.
Node.js, recent versions, support ES6 syntax and functionality, at least the most-used ones if I'm not mistaken.
Sure, but that's just for some definition of "long-delayed". Skyward Sword was in development for about five years, which isn't quite as long as nine or ten but it was certainly sought after for a while.
At least a few major Zelda games. Twilight Princess and Skyward Sword were in development for quite some time and ended up virtually pristine on launch, save for a game-breaking progression bug in Skyward Sword that was fixed.
> My opinion? You should have had to hunt down Gladio, Ignis, and Prompto one by one in order to replenish your full party. Meanwhile, while you're doing this you visit old places that have been ravaged by the evil that he caused. But no. It rushes you along.

This is basically the Final Fantasy VI method (they even named the timeskip area "World of Ruin" as a nod). I agree wholeheartedly. They spent so much effort making "bonding" moments with your partners that it seems they forgot to explain any of it and just force the remnants of some ten-times-rewritten plot down your throat to get it out of the way. It really needed at least another 5-10 hours of story and character development before I would put it near any of the other games in the story department. I do think the gameplay is pretty great, though, and I like it a lot for that, but the ending left me so disappointed that I really have no idea how I feel about the whole thing.
Of all of the things XV got right, the story was really not one of them. However, I would argue that the game does have an amazing ending to a would-be-good story. If they spent maybe a few more hours just building the characters and world in more straightforward ways instead of assuming everyone knows what's going on, the game would have been incredible. That, and maybe fix the camera. That thing's jank, yo.

But really, it was the boss battle at the end of Chapter 9 when I started to feel like they really rushed the story out and completely gutted any sort of meaningful character development to put in the show and movie (and radio drama, apparently, which I didn't even know existed until just before the game's launch).

The sad part is, the actual framework of the story - that of an immature prince learning to become a king and savior of his people, etc. - is absolutely fantastic. I would have loved for them to make an actual story surrounding that, but instead we get a lot of "brotherhood" which is really supposed to be more of a supplemental thing to the story rather than the one thing holding it up, you know?

A certain small moment happens right before the final battle in the game that made me look back upon everything I loved about the first 8 chapters and actually get very emotional, and that was pulled off incredibly well. That is about the single best thing they did with the ending story of the game (you'll know it when you get to it) and it's sad that I had to spend about five hours trudging through a nonsensical, rushed end to a story that could have been so much better than it was.

I still really like the game and I enjoyed it, but until they really address the story (in-game, Square, not with more supplemental stuff) it's really one of those games where you love it one moment and hate it the next. It kinda defies ratings, really, because the best parts early in the game, to me, were all 5/5 moments while the story would go from around 2/5 to a few small 4/5 moments at best.
The lack of inherent screen reader/accessibility support is one huge problem you don't take into account, that and security issues.

Besides, Flash has never performed well. Ever. On any device. I remember it used to eat my battery on my older laptops. It might have been "good" at making some animations or interactive content but these days you get so much out of modern web technologies that it's better to learn those even ignoring the death of Flash.
Nobody is saying that. OP was saying that pre-orders don't guarantee you a working game. It's better to wait for both reviews and performance analysis before getting it, even if they offer some shiny trinket or being able to play a day early or something.
I wonder if anyone remembers that Star Fox Zero came out this year... It certainly took me a minute to remember. What a dud that was. 

The thing about Star Fox Zero that really hurt the most was just how barebones it was. You know, I was okay with it being (YET ANOTHER) remake of the first Star Fox and I actually adored the control scheme. No, really, I did. But just as I was starting to have fun in the game, it ended. Then I did the rest of the side missions in about an hour or two and realized that the game was just way, way too small for its own good.

For example they have that one robot that you use to open doors and pick up bombs, but the bombs are never worth using in the one level they're in and in other levels it's mostly useless. Also the best vehicle in the entire game, the buggy, is only available in a single challenge mission. 

If the game had between 2-3 times the content and didn't overstuff it with gimmicks (but kept the controls, those were actually fun) then maybe I'd have been happy with it full price, but I don't think it's worth more than a few dollar rental after being so thoroughly disappointed. Not so much a bad game but an empty, gimmicky, repetitive one that never really sells itself. 
> the guy forgot to mention anything about the plague of the stars in his random speculative post lol

So did the game... :(

Unless the daemons and world of ruin was a side effect of Ardyn's power, which was just synonymous for the starscourge (which the game did not really elaborate on at all anyway).
After Kingdom Hearts 2's absolutely amazing final hours, I was sincerely hoping that XV would have something similarly grand in scale, but it all felt so rushed... I really wished that he could see the project to completion. Maybe things would have been a little different, more detailed at least.
Oh no, I completely agree it was annoying. My problem is that I don't get how people could ever think it was *scary*. Undertale's True Lab was at least five times creepier than this and it wasn't even close to anything I'd consider scary. Maybe this would have been creepier if I were a kid but the whole thing was just so much more annoying than it was scary by a mile.
I have to agree. I'm surprised I don't see more people talking about it. I spent several minutes falling down into the water and barely making it back up for the game to finally move on and say "hey you can't actually win this fight", and in both phases the camera kept clipping through him and it just felt so loose and unfinished. The whole nature of the fight kinda reminded me of those end-game fights that 3D Sonic games have, you know, when you become Super Sonic and the rules of the game are just thrown out the window entirely so you can fly around in some glitchy arena against some giant enemy.
I did this as well and was surprised that not many other people did. Probably because it's not the default option. It was my first time climbing the Rock of Ravatough (sp?) and the way the party whined the whole way up was priceless. Finally getting there, picking up the giant egg, and sliding down to make camp was one of the best questlines I've done in any RPG just because of how ridiculous it was. 12/10.
I keep seeing people talking about "jump scares" in chapter 13... Did we play the same game? It was slightly creepy in maybe one or two parts but the only times anything even remotely scary happened was when the dead soldiers on the ground would grab you, and after the second time it just became an annoyance. Also the stealth wasn't even good stealth and felt so forced in especially considering you didn't even really need it since your magic was more than enough to survive. I like the idea behind the chapter, surely (reminded me a lot of Undertale's True Lab) but it could have been done so much better on every front. More streamlining, less enemies, more atmosphere, maybe a little more explanation into that one weird and seemingly inconsequential plot twist regarding Prompto even needed to be said, etc.
Triggers/bumpers are different. The Switch has equivalents of R1/R2 and L1/L2, or in Xbox land that's RB/RT and LB/LT.

Normally with Nintendo they're R/ZR and L/ZL
I felt the whole point of how they handled Luna was exactly that: she wasn't that important in the grand scheme of things to be developed. There wasn't much worth showing to her. She does her duty, she's virtuous, etc. Your main band of Backstreet Boys, on the other hand, have all of the character and relationship dynamics and are much more developed by comparison with interesting conversations and events happening to each.

The story (I haven't finished the game yet, on ch11) as far as I can tell is all about Noctis facing the facts and stepping up to the challenge of being King, breaking his immaturity and embracing what it means to care about people and take charge. With the way they handled Luna, it wasn't about her, but it was all about his reaction and his position at the time. He has the burden of the world on his shoulders and all he hopes for is peace, quiet, and relaxation with his friends, but he's just realizing (once the linear parts of the story get rolling) that he isn't going to get that, and he needs to grow up.
Exactly. People need to speak up to get their voices heard. A PC port of literally any console-exclusive game would usually be a very good thing because more people can play it, or people could play it with better, more flexible visuals and controls. If people find it annoying, too bad; how else are we supposed to get the word out that there's a market for [insert game here] on PC?
Lightning Returns, in many ways, feels like a prototypical FFXV. The entire design around the open world and sidequests felt like they were preparing for the idea of having a mainline open-world entry in so many ways. I actually think it shares a few UI elements in common if I'm not mistaken (or they just look similar and/or I'm totally blind). I quite like the game and even though I didn't finish it, it really helped to appreciate just how much effort they put into making XV feel special.
*sees story quest recommends level 19*

Oh okay, I'm like level 14 so I'll just do some questing around for a bit and have some fun.

*pauses the game several hours later and I'm level 30*

...Well okay then, time to coast through the story for a bit to make up for that.
I wasn't that big of a fan of XIII-2 either. My least favorite part was just how easy the enemy encounters were while the bosses were so much more difficult that I felt like I got no practice actually playing the game.

That and the sidequests were terribly bad most of the time. Lots of forgettable NPC dialogue and hunting for items while dodging random enemy spawns left and right. The end-game grind has you searching for items to proceed to the final chapters similarly to Metroid Prime, but the way they put it in felt like the most boring several-hour slog I've ever done in an RPG.

That said, the final hours of the game, once you get past that, were *incredible*. The final world felt a lot like XIII-1's "Eden's Cradle" (final dungeon area) in both style and scope, and it was just an absolute joy to play through. The final boss battle is also engaging on a level far exceeding the final boss of XIII because with XIII you're just fighting some random generic boss in a boring ol' room. In XIII-2 you're fighting a multi-stage battle against the main antagonist on a flying aircraft as well as Valhalla, and then the final-final battle is a real surprise treat on top of that which actually made me feel like I mastered the game mechanics.

It's a shame, really, that Square feels the need to pepper their games with so much filler BS when they could focus more on making shorter, more engaging games like the best parts of every Final Fantasy game. XIII-2 had bits of that but the whole was so boring that I don't think I'll ever play again.

Lightning Returns, on the other hand, feels a lot like a prototypical XV and I quite enjoy it, even if I haven't finished it yet (and probably won't for a long time since XV is so great so far). It's a real "hidden gem" as they say, which is to say it's very good but not amazing and definitely worth playing if you haven't already.
I loved my time with XIII, but I have to say, the only reason I was able to make it through was because I took a break from it every so often. I think I even took a whole month break about halfway-to-2/3 through the game and when I came back I was refreshed and ready to continue. I tend to do that with most of these kinds of longer games, though, since I get bored of playing the game thing every single day.

I also agree that the intro grind sucks. Chapter 1 and 2 could have easily been combined into the same story sequence to speed things up and chapter 5 was a completely boring slog with an environment that felt like it repeated itself for the whole time through.
I adore XIII for what it attempted to be, but there are some things about it that I'm not that fond of. The only real, hard-hitting criticism of the game that I have is that it opens so dang slow. Every Final Fantasy game kinda has a slow opening where you just fight some semi-scripted battles where it's nearly impossible for you to lose and you just go along for an hour or two to really get into it, especially IX, X, and XII. However, XIII has, by far, the longest "opening" I've ever experienced in a FF game.

The game is the first one separated into "chapters" that organize the main levels, and the game doesn't really become engaging in a gameplay sense until around chapter 4 I think. Chapter 1 and 2 are basically all auto-battles and exposition, while Chapter 3 lets you do magic and upgrade your characters. Chapter 4 then introduces you to three-way battles and presents some interesting scenarios where you can approach enemies strategically, and also the difficulty ramps up a bit.

All in all, the fact that there really isn't a "dungeon/town loop" or "main explorable world" in the game for the first half isn't that big of a deal to me because the combat and aesthetics are extremely engaging in and of themselves. IMO it's one of the best soundtracks and art designs of the entire series, bar none, and even if Lightning isn't the best lead protag ever, Hope/Sazh are pretty engaging and the backstory of all the characters is interesting enough.

I kinda felt it dragged on a bit in Chapter 5 but besides that the game is filled with personality and fun times. Just be prepared to slog it through the initial segments to get to the "good parts" later on (chapter 11, I think, is when it finally opens up for sidequests and such which are like XII's hunts). I just about fell in love with the game around that chapter as they really expand upon the lore and core mechanics of the game to the point where it's pretty high-tier compared to the rest of the series.

- - -

By comparison, XV feels like they dropped you off in "FFXIII Chapter 11" right within the first ten minutes and then says "eh we'll worry about the hours of cutscenes later; go have some fun for now". I like that approach a lot more but that doesn't stop me from thinking that XIII was a slightly-flawed, but still very enjoyable game. Absolutely play it.
Someone has never played Final Fantasy II, then. But seriously, "inarguably" is a pretty objective word to use when ranking a series with 15 main entries, plus sequels.
> I think as the reviews showed he is out of touch with the larger community on this game.

The review shouldn't have to conform to the consensus, should it? Why would having a different perspective suddenly make it not a good review? I love Titanfall 2 but a "good review" of any game is one that is honest in what you believe would make it more enjoyable, if applicable, from whatever perspective works for you. It's not like he's lying about the game at all.

Arguably, the average gamer really shouldn't be looking for "a good review" anyway. They should gather a multitude of opinions and see what statements from each resonate with them. There's no such thing as a perfect critic and even the best ones will disagree with you on some things, right? So why worry about whether or not a single critic feels the same way as you?

EDIT:

- - -

I don't believe that reviews should be aligned towards the genre's existing fans. Not all reviews, anyway. What we need is a mix of reviews from people who don't really like what the game is going for and people who do or know what to expect. For example, I might hate Diablo-style looty action games so my opinion of Grim Dawn or Borderlands would be significantly different from the average critic, but that wouldn't discount my opinions at all. It's just presenting a view from a more negatively-inclined angle, and it's not like I'm "wrong" for disliking certain features about those games wholesale.

It's kinda like saying a review of EA's mobile Dungeon Keeper is "not good" because the reviewer is inherently biased against P2W time-locked content. Sometimes those biases can save you from making a bad decision or explain exactly why they hold those positions. Allowing those reviews in would be better than simply saying something like "you should look for reviews that are oriented towards people who are able to appreciate this kind of game", you know?

Either way, like you said, TB's opinion is in the minority, so any smart gamer would see that and, most likely, look for alternative viewpoints to base their purchasing decision. And if they decide it's not really for them based on a critic's bias, that's fine too, since we're all biased towards and against certain kinds of gameplay.
Ah here we go again with the condescending "you just suck" attitude that the Souls community is infamous for. It's always the player's fault for anything wrong that happens... This kind of victim-blaming is exactly why I don't really act like a Souls fan sometimes, you know? It associates me with unsympathetic people who mutter "git gud" unironically whenever anything annoying or unfortunate happens. I mean, sure, could I have avoided it? Absolutely. Could a woman have avoided being raped if she didn't wander around dark alleys at night? That too. But you wouldn't blame her for what happens, right? That kind of toxic attitude pushes people away and makes you and portions of the community look like assholes.

Please take your attitude elsewhere instead of asserting that the only reason I have problems is because I'm a terrible player, not that the game design has any kind of subjective flaws to it that I'd like to discuss. As we all know, the Souls games are objectively perfect, yes? (/s)
Never said it wasn't. The problem was being in a situation where attacking an enemy could cause you to hurt one.
In other games, though, you have to have the determination to learn from your mistakes and build upon your failures. In Titanfall, you still have an opportunity most of the time to make it out alive which requires some amount of skill, so it's more "yeah, you didn't win, but at least you did *something*".

Not that I think every game should use this approach but it is definitely refreshing after a lot of more hardcore competitive games.
You're not rude at all. By all means, I appreciate the video.
Yeah it has been several years so my memory is hazy. I'm not willing to rule out that possibility but I distinctly remember getting screwed over because of it, real person or not.
Hmm, maybe I forget the exact details. All I know is that I was down in that hole that Patches pushes you down (I think that was the place, it has been a long time) and he was down there with me along with the NPC. I think I tried attacking him with some spell and he hid behind the NPC... Either way it's shitty that it's allowed to happen like that and it permanently affects your game until NG+.
I quit playing Demon's Souls because of its jankiness. It was just so obtuse that I felt like I couldn't really succeed in the game without a guide or wiki next to me (the fact that the series relies on player-left hints says enough, really). Compared with Dark Souls, which refined a lot of the original elements and made a more cohesive whole, it's just not as good in most areas overall. Dark Souls 2 also improves on the formula compared to Demon's Souls by being cut into somewhat more manageable chunks where you could not lose a whole hour of progress just because you died at a bad time. While I haven't played Dark Souls 3 or Bloodborne yet (though Bloodborne is next on my list after I finish the DS2 DLC) I know that at a bare minimum they at least play better moment-to-moment than Demon's Souls ever did.

One of the shittiest things to happen to me in Demon's Souls that contributed to me swearing off the game was in the fourth world, I got invaded and the invader ~~attacked~~ caused me to unknowingly attack a helpful NPC who would have sold me spells or something like that. So now, for the rest of the game, that NPC was hostile. What a game-breaking decision to allow for invasions that affect things like that. I've tried to play DS1/2 by reducing invasions as much as possible and it's a much, much more enjoyable experience. It's especially frustrating in Demon's Souls because the distance between checkpoints is so very long in most levels and being killed just because some troll with 100+ hours in the game with the best equipment can come in and ruin your day is just horrible.

NOTE: By DS2 I mean Scholar of the First Sin. I never played the original version and jumped into this one, and I have to say, besides the bosses it's pretty excellent.

EDIT: I might be confused on what happened with that NPC. I believe I accidentally attacked it while trying to fend off an invader, such as sending off a spell while the invader hid behind the NPC. Still, it's pretty shitty that it's allowed to happen at all.
Honestly, I've become less and less of a Final Fantasy fan over the years, but I will be the first person to say that the final hours of any Final Fantasy game are absolutely brilliant. Even in some of my least favorite games in the series like XIII-2 where a good chunk of the game was just grindy sidequest BS, the final several hours were at least as good as any other Final Fantasy endings, and significantly better than XIII's at least (especially when comparing the final boss battles). Even if the majority of the games tend to be filled with painfully easy combat and overly convoluted stories, I'm having such a blast by the end that I don't even care. Same for Kingdom Hearts, actually, especially the first game which I don't think gets "good" until you get to Agrabah and have some decent abilities.

If XV is similar to those other Final Fantasy games, I don't think I'll mind all that much.
People sometimes forget just how common it is for people to like things far outside the accepted consensus. When it comes to anything it's possible to "like" or be a fan of, there's always, always going to be at least one thing that you enjoy more than other people, and at least one thing that you dislike more than other people. Like, I'm a Metroid fan that actually really enjoyed Other M (fight me), so if you think the game is absolute garbage that doesn't mean all of my other opinions are no longer worth listening to. It just means I have a different perspective on it all.

Now, if I was outright misleading or lying about why something was good or bad, that would definitely be a blow to my credibility. Liking a game that many people didn't really play or enjoy all that much (Evolve in this case) is far, far from disqualifying someone's entire status as a critic or any other views they hold. And even if it did, a broken clock is right twice a day, right? People with "weird" opinions are still worth listening to.
I think XII did an amazing job at that IMO. While the opening hours are a bit slow and traditional Final Fantasy-style, towards the first third or maybe the halfway point the game opens up so much and becomes far more sidequest-driven than your usual JRPG. Character customization is a thing and each character can specialize in whichever playstyle you want. To date it's my favorite in the series, but that's ignoring some of its low points (like a sidequest where you have to wait like 5-10 minutes in an empty corner of a cave without being told to). That was the game that really appealed to me moreso than any of the other, more linear/straightforward games which were really more like interactive movies with battles (not that it's a bad thing at all; just not always what I want to be playing).
You misunderstand. They are talking about providing RetroArch on those platforms, not emulating those platforms. The RetroArch team would never act as if they weren't standing on the shoulders of giants, so to speak.
In this case, having too many options is absolutely a valid thing to worry about. Not necessarily the options themselves but how they are presented to the user. For example, RetroArch as well as every single core has special options, many of which go without adequate explanation, and before I play a game I usually want to check them to see if they are set properly. A better system would be to front-load the options that most people care about (input controls, basic graphical settings, etc.) and then work on better organizing the more complicated or "advanced" settings elsewhere. Many of the settings could also be automatically adjusted based on various factors or even set in other places besides a catch-all options menu that feels daunting.

It's like the stereotypical "senior citizen doesn't understand how to work TV remote because it has too many buttons" scenario. It's easy for you because you've been using the remote all your life and know when to press what, but that doesn't mean that the fact that you have so many options at all wouldn't seem overwhelming to someone not entirely used to it, you know?
Start with Dark Souls and then, if you REALLY like it, go back to Demon's Souls. Why? Dark Souls is just a more polished game all around (which isn't saying that much since the Souls games pre-2 are known for being a bit janky at times). They both have very similar gameplay minute-to-minute but on a high level there are some differences that make Dark Souls better and more engaging. For starters, it's an open-world game instead of being a series of levels, but the world is actually an interconnected series of locations that have a natural progression to them. Never in my life have I played a game with a world as amazingly well-conceived as this one in terms of general layout. Demon's Souls, on the other hand, has a somewhat better aesthetic in some areas (in my humble opinion) and is more "linear" but you choose which of the five linear paths to take at any given time, somewhat like a Mega Man game where you pick the bosses you beat first and each one gives you tools you can use on other levels.

The games aren't really "hard", just a combination of 1) requiring lots of patience and dedication, and 2) sometimes being a little overly frustrating. The difficulty curve in both games has several spikes that might make you throw your controller against the wall (please don't do that, actually) but the vast majority of both games are completely manageable. You might actually want to play with an online wiki guide next to you just in case you get completely stuck as it helped me out significantly. It might be "blasphemous" to suggest that but honestly, unless you are REALLY patient, you're going to feel completely lost without the occasional check-up on your progress.
> Zed knows how to code C

You have piqued my curiosity. What exactly are you referring to here? I've been googling but I'm not sure if I found the right links.
If I had to guess it's a reference to how Python 3 changed the default rounding. When most people do casual rounding they round up if it's equal to or greater than 0.5 and down if it's less than 0.5 to the nearest integer. Python 3 changed from that method to round towards the nearest even choice if both integers are equidistant. Honestly, I'm glad they made the change as it's considered the "standard" way to round. Rounding 0.5 upwards all the time has a slight bias towards the higher number, which is evident when doing any kind of statistics.

A link I found when looking for sources that seems to explain it well: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10825926/python-3-x-rounding-behavior

EDIT: Also I should note that this is only the default. The old method is still available for those who need it.
> They don't actually play through the whole game, it's more of a presentation thing about the rating you think you should get highlighting key parts and then the board decide whether you go under or over that rating.

IIRC that's exactly what the ESRB does as well. They don't have time to play everything; they just request a tape from the publisher. This is also partially why Oblivion was re-rated M from T. They didn't really know what was in the game because they didn't see just how bloody it could get from the footage they saw, among other things. I mean, the main reason was actually the presence of a nudity mod but when they re-reviewed the game because of that they found the objectionable gore parts. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ESRB_re-rating_of_The_Elder_Scrolls_IV:_Oblivion
Because it was an expensive investment that, for many people, didn't quite pay off. Not everyone wants to play Mario and Smash Bros. Arguably the only "killer app" for me on the Wii U was Bayonetta 2 and that could have worked on any other console (though it only existed because of Nintendo). At the same time, if you aren't already a PC gamer AND you had some disposable income, a PS4/XBO was a much better investment. You get AAA games like Shadow of Mordor, Metal Gear Solid V, the upcoming Final Fantasy XV, and so on and so forth and you also got some amazingly good indie games, better visuals, and a better controller. The GamePad was just so bulky and weird for what it did that it didn't really win a lot of people over. The Switch is a much better step in the right direction as opposed to a tablet that couldn't go more than 20-ish feet away from your console or behind a wall without becoming useless.

EDIT: And I'm not "making fun", I'm stating a fact. It didn't sell well, it's dead, and nobody really wanted one. You're blaming consumers when the real party at fault here is Nintendo not making a product that people (on average) want. I bought one and I enjoyed my time with it but that's only because I used it as a tertiary console next to my PC, PS3, and 3DS I already game with.
...Or we could be happy that more people are able to enjoy the game? I like my Wii U too but I'm not so stupid to believe that every single gamer should have bought one. Arguably, objectively, it is better for more games to be available for more platforms, yes? For the consumer, I mean. The Wii U is pretty much dead/dying at this point so they might as well port it to more platforms. Even if the Wii U went on to become the best-selling console of all time it would still not change the fact that the game could be enjoyed by more people on more platforms in more gaming configurations.
It wasn't the 48fps that did that though, it was the mishmash of our modern CG with actors and sets. It made the fake things look even more fake and the real things look hyper-real. If a movie were completely animated or completely real life, I can guarantee you that it would look much smoother and in some cases be even more enjoyable at a higher framerate. Not every movie would benefit cleanly from it of course but it's not like it would make it *worse*. It's like going to see a play: that's moving at infinity-frames-per-second and your mind doesn't care. You can still enjoy real life performers, so why should it matter for a movie to look super-real?
> 24 isn't better or worse than 48 or 100 fps. 

So, why don't we just have more films at 12fps then? I mean certainly, if there's no real benefit to be had in increasing framerate...
I was one of the few who absolutely loved The Hobbit films being in 48fps. I mean, they weren't the best I've ever seen, but on a visual level they were unparalleled. The clarity of every second was insane and it felt almost like looking at real actors instead of just "movie magic". Of course, it didn't blend so well with the CG as it made the uncanny valley thing way more apparent, but in scenes where there was either almost no obvious CG or almost entirely CG, it looked beautiful. A mix of the two was a bit gross but I believe that almost every film these days would benefit so much from 48 or higher FPS. I can't stand whenever the shots are so blurry because it hurts my eyes and just feels gross to look at.
Oh I completely agree. I never thought in my lifetime that MS would be this good. I meant it more as a way to refer to people who would rather not use Visual Studio or can't on their platform of choice, not like there's some mass exodus of users because of some reason. Microsoft has done an amazing job with their software recently though; no ill will intended there. 
Finally it's publicly available! I tried loading a project I've been working on in Visual Studio for a few months now and it works without a hitch. It loaded my solution and inspects my code just as well as ReSharper but without the overhead of an extra VS IDE plugin. I'm really happy that I can now work on my project in a more familiar IDE and I can't wait for the final release. I'm gonna go ahead and keep using it for now and see if any problems develop but so far I'm impressed with their work. I especially love how much effort went into making the editor feel at-home for VS refugees by offering default color and keymap options that fit their habits.
But how would one selectively enable it when you unplug your headphones, then? That's my problem. I love it with the built-in speakers because it makes them sound not-entirely-terrible but with my headphones it just ruins the sound, so I turn it off. I want a system where it automatically goes on and off. I don't wanna worry about it at all.
I was watching it with a friend and he literally said that right before she said it in the movie. Good, hilarious times.
Oh God this reminds me of my summer internship. I was working on a web project for some company that usually never does anything newer than 2005 (still maintain a lot of old systems written 20+ years ago) and I was managing my local code with git and using ASP.NET MVC. After a few weeks they checked up on me and had absolutely no idea how to work with anything I made because they were used to webforms and "Microsoft SourceSafe". Near the end of the project I had to integrate my project with their SourceSafe setup and they were explaining to me how it worked. One person could work on a file at once. You have to manually lock in and unlock files when uploading changes. It was the most backwards and unintuitive thing I've ever had to figure out because git was so much better in every department. I'd have even settled for TFS but they hadn't set that up yet solely because they refused to learn anything new.

I'm so glad I live in a world where VCS like git are the dominant tech and I can actually branch and fork things as necessary. 
Can confirm. Atom was eating up my resources so I switched over to it and not only does it run better but it has built in cmd support for Windows that actually works along with frequent updates that always add great features. Also as a TypeScript user I love how good the support for it is and it doesn't even need a bloated extension to work well. I use it almost exclusively for my web development and it's so much less baggage than other editors and IDEs for general programming purposes all around. I might use WebStorm/IDEA from time to time as that's exceptional too but more for bigger projects. That said though on every system I regularly use I always at least install VS Code now as it's just so simply well made. 
I was trying to explain how amazing it was to be there when it happened to some coworkers recently. I was awake late at night during the moment when we got the "anarchy/democracy" system implemented and felt like I was witnessing something incredible. The fact that TPP became a microcosm of world government, religion, and culture in such a short period of time is incredible. I feel like it will be studied for years.

And yet my coworkers looked at me and my enthusiasm with puzzled faces. I guess you just had to be there to understand. 
My first date with some girl from Brazil was on that day. We sat at home (we both live in America) and watched it together. I laughed my ass off at how badly they were losing and she was crying up a storm (apparently they take football very seriously down there). 

To this day she hasn't called me back and I can't really blame her. It was hilarious though, totally worth it. 
I think I'm gonna give the first game + DLC another go around before I pick this one up. By then it'll probably be patched to be fixed up and more enjoyable. I was seriously considering picking it up the other day but I think I'm better off getting Final Fantasy XV (on my PS4) what with its delay to make its "day one and then some" patch obsolete. That one has a lesser chance of being as buggy as this and I've been looking forward to both for a while, so it's a shame to hear that this one needs a bit of extra work despite being at least as good as the first game in many areas. I don't think the engine is really to blame for a lot of the problems though because Wolfenstein and DOOM, both idTech-based games, seem to be very smooth and almost immaculate on a technical level throughout.
I "learned" typescript in about five minutes. Every single JavaScript file is already fully TypeScript-compliant. At a bare minimum you can just use it as a way to add static type annotations and Babel-esque compiling ES6-to-ES5 code automatically. Then you can tack on things like Interfaces, Enums, and whatever else you need when you need it. I can't think of why it would ever be a PITA for most kinds of development.
Knockout is pretty awesome for certain things. I used it extensively on a summer internship project where I wanted to make an interactive field editor that could dynamically add, remove, reorganize and validate fields before submitting. I used ASP.NET MVC as the backend to serve static pages and assets and Knockout was plugged into the few pages where I needed it. One of the most pleasant, simple libraries I've ever used.

Of course it's a completely different problem compared to Angular. I'm making a project right now using Angular 2 that serves as a sort of web-based editor for data sent to an API and it's so much more powerful and organized than Knockout that it lets me do all kinds of things I couldn't before. However, I think, as long as you're not developing a SPA, Knockout + jQuery is perfectly fine and honestly quite wonderful to use.
I think they'll finally upgrade to something else around the time that Telltale gets their stuff together... Might be waiting a while :(
Bethesda probably wants to turn that engine into their own "Frostbite" like EA has done. One full-featured engine for most of their major projects (that aren't Elder Scrolls or Fallout, anyway).

EDIT: a word
This really tanked my global markets. 
Learning Angular 2 (never learned Angular 1) and being somewhat new to client-side web development in general, I've found it somewhat confusing to understand exactly how I'm "supposed" to design my forms in Angular 2. The main tutorial on angular.io and the "guide" page on forms discuss it entirely in terms of the old-style "ngmodel" bindings. However, it seems like every single website I look up on how to do forms in Angular 2 is using the new reactive forms method which can do all kinds of powerful nesting and validation. I especially like FormArrays which can have a variable number of form groups and controls inside (very helpful for making a dynamic form with validation).

So, why does it seem like the Angular documentation shies away from this newer style of forms? Why are they pushing the older, "easier" yet less flexible style instead of (at the very least) giving an equal amount of time to their newer style?
Don't worry, I'm not a homophonophobe :)
> Queue

In this context the word you're looking for is "cue". "Queue" would be putting it next in a list of things, whereas "cue" would mark something like the Pixies beginning to play. They're homophones but they mean pretty different things, so it's easy to get confused.

Not trying to be condescending at all; just clearing that up.
> but I don't think it'll feel good playing Final Fantasy XV knowing there's a 'better' version out there.

That's why I'm playing the game first on my normal PS4 and, if it ends up being really good, picking up the eventual PC port in a year or two. That version is bound to not only look the best but play the smoothest and have the most configuration options, as most decent PC ports tend to be. If Lightning Returns' port is any indication it will probably be pretty great, and that game wasn't designed with PC in mind at all.
...I think I'm having a Poe's Law moment right here. You can't be serious, right?
I think by "womanizer" he actually meant more along the lines of "pussy-grabber".
Trumped-up trickle-down villainomics
> It will also include more characters and content, so I can't imagine they'll cut out the orchestral soundtrack as a result.

Audio data takes significantly more storage to keep than adding other new content. New content certainly takes time to create but the space it takes up is relatively small, usually a few new textures, models, and scripting to glue it all together. Furthermore, the orchestral soundtrack was actually added to the Western release of DQ8 on PS2 replacing its original soundtrack from the Japanese version, so they can't really "cut it out" as much as confirm whether or not it will be in. All of the other ports of the game to date do not have the orchestral soundtrack so it can only be assumed that, unless proven otherwise, that the game follows their lead and does not include it.

That said, yeah, it does have the voices (apparently) so that's a good sign.
> If the builds were switched where we got this hypothetical infinite but the real infinite was the one that was teased, we would be in the exact same situation.

Definitely not. By comparison, the finished game really doesn't have any concepts that aren't already hinted at in the hypothetical version, whereas the hypothetical version has what the final game has (where it counts) and then some. The consequences of choice seem to be much more varied in this version, Elizabeth seems much more dynamic than in the final game, Songbird appears to play a much more significant role, and the levels seem much more wide-open than in the finished game. That one scene where Booker confronts a random NPC after Elizabeth points him out simply by pointing his gun at him was particularly misleading, never mind any of the moral choices in the game of which there were none, if I'm not mistaken. Tears became very automated and generic instead of presenting actually interesting choices to the player such as your choice of whether or not to kill the villains in Bioshock 2.

Can you really blame people for feeling disappointed that the game doesn't really live up to what they promised? Good game or not, one thing was advertised and what we got, while definitely in the spirit of it, feels "watered down" and over-streamlined. They presented a much more dynamic game where your choices matter and you are given so many more dynamic opportunities than you actually are in the final game, and whether or not the game is enjoyable at all (I certainly thought it was okay) you can't blame people for wishing that they hadn't been somewhat mislead.

Putting all of the blame on consumers is totally disingenuous. Of course people are going to overhype things but this isn't a game where people imagined features they never showed off. They  showed off various mechanics and talked about them in detail as if the game would end up playing like that, and I'd say they maybe got only about 2/3 the way there at most, and that's being generous. If we live in a world where companies like Nintendo are able to present their most high-profile games in a seemingly-playable state without misleading customers as much as this then certainly Irrational could have done the same.
Yeah that doesn't really work for pages you only want to view once and expect to have JavaScript working. It especially sucks for certain things that involve redirects or managing transaction information. I've had enough headaches doing multi-step sites multiple times over because each time I had to whitelist some random script it needed.
I was just thinking I should play that game again... I'm definitely getting Owlboy now! That game is awesome!
Orange is the new "blacks"
> There is no need to compare it.

It's impossible not to. The entire concept of "genre" itself is defined by similar competing properties. If a game like Street Fighter II came out today for the first time, I can guarantee you that it would not have gotten the level of praise and admiration that it received years ago because, compared to the modern evolution of the genre, it doesn't have nearly as much polish as modern fighting games do.

Of course, that wouldn't change that Street Fighter II is a very good game, but it effectively started the entire fighting game genre as we know it today. The entire concept of a "fighting game" is intrinsically connected with Street Fighter II's interpretation of what a fighting game "should be", and its DNA is felt in pretty much every single major 2D fighting game since, even many 3D games. Every single person who plays a fighting game today is comparing it with that lineage when they judge whether or not it's worth playing.

Now I'm not saying that a game can't be unoriginal-yet-good. There are tons of fun games to play that are enjoyable despite there being better or more influential games in their field. At the end of the day, though, anyone who wants to play an online CCG like this will be comparing it to other games in the genre, and that means it has to stand on its own instead of being perceived as inferior or not interesting enough to grab some market-share.

To review a game "on its own" you essentially have to forget the heritage of the genre entirely, which is mentally impossible without some sort of inherent bias one way or the other. Likewise, "CCGs" are defined by comparisons to Magic, Hearthstone, etc. and this game is very similar in style to Hearthstone which is essentially the modern source of inspiration for pretty much all new digital CCGs; even games like Duelyst have some serious Hearthstone similarities even if they play differently.
Thanks for the answer! Seems to clear things up a bit because I was sure that they were selective about certain types of OSS instead of it being a blanket ban.
GPL is OSS. OSS is not GPL. Read the context of my comment again; the parent comment was saying that Nintendo has a "no OSS" policy, not a "no GPL" policy. Nowhere did I ever claim it was GPL and either way that has nothing to do with what I said; SDL is OSS which would allegedly go against that policy.

EDIT: Unless, of course, it was a "no copyleft" policy which would exclude the GPL for sure while allowing more permissive licenses. That is why I asked for clarification.
Right, but if Nintendo has a solid "no-OSS" policy then that would exclude it anyway, unless they mean it in a more "no copyleft" kind of way, which is different.
Really? If I'm not mistaken some Wiiware games use SDL like World Of Goo. Correct me if I'm wrong on that one if you know. Or does SDL not count? 
Completely agreed. This is pretty much the Trump line of thinking over here. Who cares about what Person X does when Person Y also did something bad.

I don't think anyone in their right mind would say that what Hillary did with the emails was good, but you can't just hand-wave everyone else's problems away because of that. Trump has an absolute mountain of shit he's said and done that he just acts as if it never happened because of "her emails". It's ridiculous. I'm just sick and tired of hearing about it already since it's pretty much their only anti-Hillary argument.
> I'm almost sad now to hear they left the rest as it was, I would have had a whole new game to play through!

Leaving it "as it was" is not entirely true. Many levels have significant changes that improve upon the original. While the general layout is absolutely very similar a lot of the more frustrating parts from the original were rethought to be more straightforward or cleverly designed. A good example of this is the level [On a Rail](http://wiki.blackmesasource.com/On_a_Rail) which is simplified and made somewhat more realistic compared to the original's confusing, loopy structure.
Which has been a negative for the entire history of Civ.

So I say, if unmodded Civ is fun in any of the previous games, VI is a definite improvement in almost every area. Even the AI, while a bit weird, still feels better to me especially with more transparent motivations this time around.
Multiplayer games are pretty much the only games I allow myself to splurge on like that. I bought Overwatch at the insistence of four or five friends when I (correctly) figured that I'd never run out of friends who want to play it, and I bought TiF2 because I was a huge fan of the first game and wanted it to succeed. Even if the game doesn't last long (I really hope it does) I'm having a grand ol' time with both the single-player and the multiplayer modes. It's more expensive than otherwise but multiplayer games rarely go on sale for cheap if their populations are healthy.
Literally the only reason my extended family supports him. If he switched his public position on abortion they would toss him out with the trash. The way I see it, if I were a single-issue anti-abortion voter, is I wouldn't even trust the man to put that in place to begin with. The man has no idea how our government works and can't even keep his story straight between him and his VP.
I had a talk about this with my religious conservative relatives. Their stance? Literally the only thing that matters is repealing Roe v Wade. Abortion is so much worse than denying global warming, making enemies with the entire world, increased poverty, him just being a total racist sexist douche in general... Yeah even assuming that position about abortion I'd rather elect someone who is more likely to preserve humanity as a species in the future thank you very much. 
Thanks! Always great to have you guys communicating with us so quickly :)
>  If you could go back to the 30s before Hitler rose to power you'd be morally obligated to kill him. The vast majority of people in this world would do that without a second thought to the consequences. And perhaps they'd be justified. Now imagine everybody is telling you here's that pre-WW2 Hitler right there in front of you and in fact he's coming to town next week.

Difference being, Hitler is only worth killing in retrospect. People believed he was probably going to be terrible (some people, anyway) before WW2 and the Holocaust happened but political disagreements or accusations of antisemitism don't exactly deserve the death penalty. Donald and Hillary both aren't exactly Hitler because they've never done anything quite so horrendous and far-reaching.

Now, is Trump a wannabe-dictator who has no idea how separation of powers and democracy are supposed to work? Absolutely, objectively, straight from his own mouth. That's where the comparisons come from, not out of some desire to see him shot (though at this point I wouldn't be surprised if somebody somewhere did get shot from all of this). His behavior is so terrible and unpresidential that he might as well be the best potential candidate for Hitler 2 in modern times.
I can think of quite a few mechanics off the top of my head. The Titans and wall running and double jumps at the very least are pretty signature features of the series. Or are you talking about something else? 
I decided to buy it last night without initially planning to because I felt like I should reward them for their no-Season-Pass-policy they have going. I was a big fan of the first game and despite it not surviving very long on PC it was a very good game.

Titanfall 2 feels like an improvement on it in every way. The single-player feels genuinely polished, well-designed and pure fun. That alone makes it worth playing but the multiplayer has been completely restructured to be more engaging all-around. I'm a big fan of the new "Bounty Hunt" game mode for example where you kill waves of enemies and other players to rack up a bounty and try to get as much as you can before depositing it for your team without dying.

Another thing I was surprised by right out of the gate is the sheer variety in abilities compared to the original. Gone is the setup where half the players on your team have smart pistols by default, making the game much more twitchy and rewarding, and you get things like grappling hooks or flaming shurikens (ninja stars) to play around with right from the get-go. In my first game I was able to figure out so many interesting uses for the grappling hook alone that I've fell in love.

All in all a fantastic impulse purchase on my end and you wouldn't be disappointed either if you enjoyed the first one. Very much a worthwhile buy on any platform (I have it on PC).
Until I can keep a DRM-free, Blu-ray-quality copy on my own hard drive I don't think any online movie purchasing service will be worth it for me. The quality is usually way worse and you're limited to what devices you can watch on. It's a lose-lose situation to just buying the disc and ripping/converting yourself. The only upside is sheer time/convenience which isn't big enough of a deal to overshadow the negatives for me. If I wanted meh-quality streaming movies then I'd use Netflix and I don't have to worry about losing my purchases there because it's understood that they're all limited time only and I don't actually buy anything. 
Which is funny because the type of crowd that frequents the_deplorables often criticizes feminism incessantly and unnecessary, painting modern day "feminazis" as terrible people who are undermining the rights of men for the benefit of women... And now a woman who is running for president that they made up reasons to dislike is now saying one of the exact same things many of them have been saying for years. Apparently that's a bad thing now?

Source: used to frequent TiA, KiA, etc. and still occasionally check up on occasional MRA-leaning subs for the heck of it. They say this kind of thing all the time.
The point I was trying to make was that the PS4 is already three years old and it has maybe two exclusives that aren't outright remakes/remasters that are worth getting the console for, Bloodborne for sure at the very least. For the PS360 generation I could name a good dozen games between the two consoles worth owning at that point in their lives even taking multiplats into account. 

You're right though about secondary/tertiary platforms involving diminishing returns. If I own two or more systems I'm always going to be buying the multiplats on the system my friends are on or the one with the best performance. 
I'm not exactly an expert on this but I'll give it my best shot:

Back in the day people started typing out little smiley faces using multiple characters like :) and :P and those would be sent as multiple characters in messages. Sometimes programs would convert these into a cute little image but that all happened client-side and was not a rigid standard.

In comes Japan. Japan loves these things and they loved them so much that they tried to make it a standard. That way, when you send someone a heart for example, it won't send "<3" but instead will send a character representing a heart.

To understand how that works, we have to talk about ASCII and Unicode. ASCII is basically the "American way" to encode text on a computer. It's a specification saying what characters are represented by what bytes in a program so that when you send a letter or symbol on one computer to someone else, they see the same ones on the other side. If you ever saw the movie "The Martian", you'll remember the scene where he finds an ASCII table and uses it to try and communicate from Mars to Earth, essentially doing what a computer does for you automatically. ASCII has been a "standard" for a very long time but the problem with that is that it doesn't take into account world languages very well. It isn't expandable or far-reaching, but rather intentionally very narrow and compact. Programs are often written in ASCII by default (it's also usually unnecessary to have lots of extra characters), but more and more programming languages are supporting Unicode by default (such as Python 3). Unicode, as you can imagine, is a "unified" protocol for formatting text in numerous languages and formats across the globe using many, many more symbols and characters and variations thereof than previously possible under ASCII.

Since Unicode became standardized it has been expanded and built upon over the years with tons of extra features such as more and more symbols that are helpful to represent in text instead of image files. Along the way, "emojis" soon became a part of this standard and it is now possible to send one of hundreds of little symbols representing various emotions, people, places and things that are all "standardized" now as a part of the way we encode our text in programs.

So the simple TL;DR of it is basically that an "emoticon" was a way to simulate a picture using text whereas an "emoji" is that literal picture as a single character in text. When you send someone an emoji you're telling their messaging application to display a "laughing face" or a "heart" instead of sending "XD" and "<3" and leaving it to the device to figure it out.
As awesome as it is that these games are getting better ports (and I'm probably going to buy them anyway despite my whining here), this just reminds me why I'm a PC gamer first and foremost. If KH was on PC then they could make it 60FPS with a patch or a discounted upgrade. I'm halfway through the series on PS3 and I already bought both HD collections but now, just so I can play them with smoother visuals (and more bug fixes, hopefully) they expect me to buy them again? Really?

I guess I have nobody to blame but myself for not expecting this, but at the time I figured that Square wouldn't bother porting them to PS4 for at least another year or two. I'd rather just upgrade my system (PC) and have the games improve along with that instead of having to buy a more expensive console AND re-buy my games just to get them running at 60fps.

On a related note, half of the "good" games I have for my PS4 are just remasters. Resident Evil, The Last of Us, that Mega Man collection, Gravity Rush, Uncharted... It's such a shame that this generation is so packed with slightly improved versions of games that people probably already have or can get elsewhere. Besides games like Bloodborne and Bayonetta 2, all of the "must-haves" this generation are available on PC as well and the graphics scale with my rig; no need to buy a remaster or two to get them playing better.

I mean... this is cool and all if anyone hasn't played Kingdom Hearts yet (somehow) but it just goes to show that good things come to those who wait. It's already a bad idea to pre-order and buy a game before the inevitable "complete/GOTY" edition comes out; how long until we start waiting for a remaster as a general rule since it seems like every game is getting one (or two in this case) these days?
Monster Hunter Freedom 2 came out before Freedom Unite and Monster Hunter Tri came out before 3 Ultimate. This is far from the first time it's happened in the West (though in the second case there was a several year gap so it was more understandable)

Either way I think it's a little weak to defend the game being a complete re release so close to the original's launch. They could have very well made the game to be more like a DLC expansion if they wanted to but they figure people who love the games (like me) will double dip... And they're probably right, but still. 
*sniff*

YOU'RE THE PUPPET
I actually was raised and am still Catholic, and I agree. The thing about there being no female priests is not a matter of doctrine but rather discipline/tradition. It's just "the way it's always been done", probably (if I had to guess) because the family structure was so much more rigid back then where you had to have a dedicated breadwinner as well as someone to take care of the house and children (and that usually ended up being the woman for obvious biological reasons related to children). I for one would love to see women priests as well as married ones so that they attract more decent people to the religious life. It's a shame they have to wall it in so strongly in our modern society. Dedicating yourself to being a priest/monk/etc. is simply not as big of a deal as it used to be when Catholicism was more in power, you know? They're running out of people who are willing to take up that position.
That is such a good way of putting it. Like, I have always, always stood up for women whenever the opportunity presented itself... Which was maybe like one-and-a-half times in my life, so not very much. It's not like I ever disrespected women, it's just that I grew up in situations where nobody ever really believed these things were problems. Donald has awakened this idea in the public dialogue that this kind of thing is actually "okay" as if it's just "something boys do". Have I ever talked about wanting to screw around with some girl? Most definitely, but not like this, never like this. I didn't realize that so many people thought so lowly of women, even other women themselves. Not just sexual assault but also general misogyny all around; my grandmother told me she does not believe that a woman could ever be a good president for example (how pathetic is that).

I have never been more surprised and offended any anything like this in my life. I hope that this causes a shift in sexual and gender politics to push these gross views out of the spotlight and get sensible people in charge of legislation.
What, you mean you don't [mentally move the hyphen one word to the right](https://xkcd.com/37/)?
So does right-clicking. I don't understand the advantage considering that. I haven't played a Civ earlier than 4 but from at least then you were able to hold down right-click and also see how many turns it will take before you let go. It's still just one click and it has worked that way for me in 4, 5, Beyond Earth, and now 6. If I'm not mistaken, you also get to see how far your unit can go once you select them by looking at the border drawn around your unit's immediate area, so you don't even need to press a button or click to figure that out.
But don't you have to click after that? Why press a key and then click where you want to go instead of clicking once where you want to go? It's just so much more efficient that way.
Wait... People don't use right-click to move? Am I the only one? Is this really that unpopular of a feature? 
It's on the list after we finally call Sean Hannity
I tried explaining this to my family members. They're all religious-conservative so they kept telling me all about how abortions are evil and whatnot. Like, okay, even assuming that, you think that the destruction of the planet and the future of the human species isn't even more important? Ends up they also don't even believe it's real. Young-earth creationism and the politics that go with it need to die in a fire, and I'm saying this as a Christian myself. If you deny science then you're simply not doing your job as a religious person right, you know? Religion and science should never have to conflict; if science proves something about your religious beliefs wrong, then there's something wrong with the way you interpret them at the very least.

That, and even if I were a single-issue pro-life anti-abortion voter (which I'm not), I sure as heck wouldn't trust Donald to follow through with it after all of this. The man is a total nut.
"If you want four more years of Obama..."

...Am I supposed to be scared?
Yeah I don't really want to have to resort to that. I'd love a slider like Grim Dawn has for their UI scaling. 
It seems to be the current religion. My civ started Protestantism but the Romans spread Judaism to my holy city so when I spawned a missionary in an attempt to purge their influence I instead only made the problem worse; the missionary was Jewish.
> The UI and text is on the smallish side and the UI upscaling isn't supported in enough resolutions.

This +1. I tried playing it on my 40" 1080p TV and all the text was too small from about six feet away on my couch. I want to be able to set my profile so that the UI is large enough to read from my couch and you'd think that they would have that option considering they support the Steam Controller as well as they do (and it works like a dream, by the way).

Even on my 1440p desktop it's a little teeny tiny. Not unplayable by any means (and I'm having a great time) but it could be a little larger for sure.
It's a shame, because Rising Tide is a really unique little game what with the mobile cities. I never played it enough to fully appreciate it as much as the other games but it felt like they at least tried something new and that made it special. Of course I'd still take V or VI (so far) any day over it, given the choice, but it really does not deserve any kind of hate. It's not amazing but it's not so terrible either. Definitely worth playing.
Wind Waker was a GameCube game, for the record, and the Wii U remaster was a complete graphical rework of the game and not anything close to the kind of emulation that goes on in Virtual Console.

Also I don't even know if you're reading your own words at this point. I literally mentioned VC and your Xbox comment above; I'm talking about both kinds of games, ports and emulation, both of the kinds you're talking about. What exactly am I misunderstanding here?
> They managed to get those to transfer to wii and wiiu so they damn well can do it with switch.

They didn't "manage" to get them to transfer. The Wii U literally contains Wii-compatible hardware inside of it. There was barely any work to be done in comparison because the Wii U contained a 99% functional Wii Mode that it ran all of those games through. The Switch, on the other hand, does **not** have Wii U hardware inside of it so they could not easily transfer.

Now, they could very well do a similar thing with the Wii U where, if you already own the Wii/Wii U version of an older title, you get a steep discount on the slightly upgraded VC version for the Switch which will probably have some extra features, like how Wii U VC games have more features than they did on Wii and look nicer. That would make more sense to me because they do have to put in significant effort to make sure the games run in the first place. It's not a straight perfect emulation; a lot of titles contain specific tweaks to get them to work because of oddities with the hardware and developer APIs.

EDIT: And about Xbox, their emulation of the Xbox 360 is possible because the Xbox One is significantly more powerful than the 360 and is able to use its system resources to effectively emulate it in some cases. It is also not perfect emulation and only works because the Xbox 360's hardware architecture is not so different that it requires rethinking how the game is programmed. I think this thing could probably emulate GameCube games, maybe, but for anything newer than that it would probably need a full-on port.
It's not "dumb as fuck", it's how computer architecture works. You can't just put a game from another console on another just because it's downloadable. There are so many thing that developers need to take into account to get a proper port running. That takes time and money for every single game to go through a certification process, never mind all the recoding that needs to be done.

I mean it's one thing to wish they had better online infrastructure (I don't think anybody disagrees with you there) but if you can't play PS3 games on a PS4, it really shouldn't be so surprising that you can't play Wii U games directly on the Switch. They're totally different platforms.
Games for the Wii U are designed with its architecture in mind. ARM and PowerPC are different architectures and since this thing uses a Tegra chipset it's likely ARM. That and developers would need to reconfigure their games with the system's OS in mind. Playing Wii U games is a lot more complicated than you think. Breath of the Wild is being designed in two separate configurations, one for Wii U and one for Switch. Twilight Princess being on Wii and GameCube was much simpler because the Wii was literally just an upgraded GameCube while the Switch requires more development effort to get them working. Wii U Emulation is also probably out of the question.
Sorry, force of habit, haha. Edited :)
Seems comparable to the Wii Remote's "NES Style" configuration where you hold it on its side. That only had a d-pad and you could do Smash Bros on it. I mean, it wasn't as good as on the GameCube controller by any means, but it was definitely "playable" in a sense. I played exclusively with it for about two years and it was fully viable in a non-competitive setting.
Well I mean, they're probably more of a last resort. Someone sees you playing Mario Kart on campus and they're like "hey bro can I get a game in with you?" and you're like "oh I didn't bring an extra controller, but we can use these I guess". The fact that it's even possible is pretty huge in my eyes; I've got so many friends I'd love to game with that require so much communication to plan ahead of time; they have to bring their systems to the same place as me lest we risk online lag and the disconnected feel of voice chat. Looks like we can at least use extra controllers over bluetooth or something so I'll probably have one or two of those lying around in my bag when I take it out with me anyway.
Apparently the new Nintendo NES Classic Mini thing (or whatever you call it) uses standard microUSB for its power supply, so that's a start. Maybe we could see this going in that direction as well.
Right. The Wii U was this weird, compromising console/tablet hybrid where the tablet was more of a glorified remote control than an actual, well, tablet. This is tablet-first, console-second and people "get" tablets way more than they ever got whatever the Wii U tried to be. I love my Wii U but it was a failure for so many reasons I can't even begin to count. This shows that Nintendo knows what direction to take their brand from here on out by appealing to gamers of all kinds all at once. You can use it as your home system or as a portable one, and if you want to play multiplayer you can just break out some impromptu controller action. Some of my best memories playing Nintendo games was playing them locally with friends, and this looks like it'll be a lot easier for more spontaneous on-the-go multiplayer than things like the 3DS where everyone needs their own system. I can hypothetically play Mario Kart with some hobo on a bench in the park if I feel like it; how cool is that?
They've probably still got a lot of optimization to do on that front. The game would likely have to switch from two different graphical "modes" when going from TV to portable mode which would mean various changes and subtle downgrades to keep the framerate up. I highly doubt Nintendo would actually publish the game for the Switch in the state it was shown on tablet-mode only, so there's probably a good reason why it was only shown off for a few seconds.

EDIT: It's not called the NX anymore.
I really don't know what they were thinking at first. The circle pads worked for the 3DS because they had to. Sticks would take up too much vertical space. But on the GamePad, a mostly living-room device, they didn't want it to have sticks at first? That just seems backwards. I could understand if the NX controller goes back to pads or even something else since it's supposed to be portable-ish this time, though.
I like it because it auto-generates a playlist of the songs you give a thumbs-up to. Then I just use that as my "safe shuffle" playlist where I don't have to worry whether or not I'll like the songs that come up. 
This issue is an easy fix. Everything else might be significantly more complicated. Who's to say they don't have anyone working on the game in other areas as well?
> Trump, in doing that, would only lose voters and gain nothing.

Which explains his and his family's behavior over the past week, of course :\^)

But in all seriousness, every little bit helps. She has this "in the bag" so to speak but it's not like an intelligent response to Trump-level insults would hurt her at all.
That would be assuming that people wouldn't somehow think Trump is in the right for it.

Some people supporting him aren't entirely deplorable by this point; some just need a wake-up call and "don't care about politics" to the point where they haven't been keeping up with just how bad Donald is. Hearing something like that live might snap a few people out of their trance.
On YouTube in particular, some people have experimented with uploading their 1080p video as 1440p and 4K just so that YouTube gives it a higher bitrate even though it's the same footage. Streaming video is so bad right now partially because the only way it can work for everyone is to have streams that work on any of our shitty internet connections because they have to cater to the lowest common denominator. If I seriously wanted to watch any content in 4K I wouldn't do streaming for the life of me.
> people like her might be dangerous and should report each other!

The funny thing about this is that they already do that. We wouldn't have caught nearly as many people if we didn't have communities reporting people they found suspicious within their own ethnic and religious groups. That's not saying anything bad about Muslims; rather, it makes you wonder why Trump acts like they don't. He's pretending like they're all lazy terrorist wannabes who are bad people until proven good.
To clarify, IIRC some guy came out and ranted about how his ex-gf allegedly gaslighted him and published all this information on 4chan with the intent of... I dunno, probably bad things I guess. Then people found out that one of the guys connected "spoke positively" about her game even though he had a relationship with her, so people got outraged. Then that one feminist girl from youtube who makes hyperbolic videos about how games are so misogynistic these days (Anita Sarkeesian) got herself mixed in and people made death threats and then it got turned into an episode of Law and Order SVU. Funny stuff. [You should watch it sometime if you can find it, it's hilariously bad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2klLy8r8Ro).
I was drawn into it by a genuine desire to get some answers from the gaming press, right? And then you had guys like TB who came in and said "look, I don't support the harassing, but we do deserve a reasonable response", which only made me feel better about it.

Then after a little while things just got... creepy. KIA just turned gross and was easily baited into outrage by teh "evil SJWs". It was pathetic. Nobody cared about anything anymore; it was just outrage for outrage's sake.

Do I not like Kotaku or the other sites like them so much? Eh, they could be better. Polygon has been one of the worst IMO when they focused on clickbait outrage over their actually interesting pieces that got me to read their content in the first place.

I guess this is just kinda what happens when certain views and opinions, right or wrong, get pushed into the corner by the rest of society and fringe groups take control. I'm not 100% opposed to conservatism in politics for example (even though I consider myself a very Bernie-esque liberal), but more and more people are leaving and it feels like the only ones left are completely crazy. Same with GG; at the start you had a lot of harassment too but you also had people like me who just wanted some kind of response. After it became apparent that it just turned into a pathetic shit-flinging match I just stopped caring and moved on.

You can be a feminist and be meta-critical of feminists without going full GG and creating conspiracy theories to try and ruin peoples' lives. That's just gross and inhuman. I feel a bit ashamed for following them around for so long.
Level grinding has always been the one reason I could never get into any MMO. So many hours of tedium all so I can get to the "good parts" in the late game... That's not how you design a good game, that's how you design an addiction. I've mostly played single-player games and multiplayer games that don't put so much emphasis on a progression treadmill (SFV, Overwatch to an extent, Rocket League) but maybe I might get back into MMOs if more of them were designed to be engaging in ways that don't reduce the game to a bunch of numbers and bars to fill up.
If a game targets the Steam Controller API then it will use whatever glyphs the controller is programmed to use. So for a Steam Controller it would use ABXY, etc. and for a PS4 controller it would use PS4 button prompts. If the game is just raw Xinput as usual then no, you still have to mentally translate buttons, but in the future you're going to see a lot more games that can switch controller configurations on the fly from this.
Oh awesome, thanks! I appreciate the links!
I don't even get the 10-bit thing. As far as I'm aware, 10-bit means more colors, right? But they're encoding from 8-bit Blu-ray discs, right? So... Where's the advantage? Or am I totally mistaken?

Then you have groups that think they're oh-so-clever to encode everything in "ordered chapters" formatted MKVs which means that the opening/ending themes are encoded separately from the rest of the bunch and it saves you like, what, 50MB on each episode, give or take (depending on encoding settings)? For 100-episode shows I can see that being huge savings but 1) virtually no dedicated media hardware supports it and 2) virtually no software supports it either. At least Plex doesn't, and hasn't for years, so to watch a few of my shows I have to open them up manually in VLC or MPC-HC, which sucks hard when all I want to do is load up some media center program from the couch.
FIGHTER OF THE TRUMP-MAN
You pass butter.
But that's basically what she said? I mean I guess it required a little interpretation since she didn't seem to spell it out very clearly but that's exactly what I heard when she was trying to articulate that.
> and I didn't think she answered the question about having a private position on an issue very well, instead talking about Abraham Lincoln.

Really? I thought that was a very appropriate answer. What she was saying was that Abraham Lincoln had to compromise to get things done and that he had beliefs in private that he had to slowly ease people into. If we're going by the movie Lincoln that she talked about, Lincoln was shown as a person who dearly respected black people and wanted them to have more rights, but he had a hard time convincing people of that.

So things like Hillary supporting "single-payer" behind the scenes, things she has not outright come out and said, are examples of that. She's trying to get America on a more fair, more social-leaning healthcare system, possibly so that, in the future, all of the steps will be in place to support the kind of systems that she actually wants, deep down. It's not that she's "two-faced", it's that she often presents herself in a way that is more "likeable" to the average American to win bipartisan support instead of saying "my way or the highway". Does that explanation help at all?
Literal lies, incredibly terrible behavior all around, acting like the whole room was against him, dragging women to the audience so they can rant about Bill Clinton (as if he has anything to do with this), answered questions about his sexual assault remarks with a statement about defeating ISIS... A complete disaster. He doesn't even know how the government works.

I agree. It is absolutely shocking that we even have people who consider that "winning".
Someone made a project years ago that attempted to convert flash to HTML5 Canvas with JavaScript. It apparently worked pretty well at the time for basic things and even had a couple sbemails as examples. I forget where it is but you can probably Google it with that information and get at it quickly; I'm on mobile and heading to bed atm so sorry for no direct link. 
"Ya'd better get it with a money-back-guarantee!"

*sax solo*
It's actually "the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards" but I love the quote. It's one of my favorite episodes for that moment. 
Grab them by the Gyna
But he's anti-abortion! Clearly that means he has God in his heart and respects his commandments and is the true Family Values^TM candidate. /s

You know, if you forget that he's a total xenophobic racist warmongerer and everything...

Trump can go to hell. Like, actually go to hell. I'm pretty sure that God Himself would agree at the rate things have been going, and that's not very hyperbolic of me to say given basic Christian morality along with him just being a disgusting slimebag of an attempted politician. You'd think that people who call themselves Christian would know better, but...
Then there's that one Arrested Development episode with that one british lady in it where they say "pussy" several times throughout the episode and it's only bleeped in that context as well. That was hilarious.
Right! Compared to something like Green Man Gaming's random "grab bag" things which are 95% shovelware, this is a steal. I'd rather buy one of these every month if I'm going to get something good to play, even if it isn't 100% my tastes.
Grim Dawn really surprised me with how good it is. The soundtrack and atmosphere is very well composed and the gameplay is top notch ARPG goodness. I'm normally not that big a fan of the genre since I felt burned out from Borderlands and other looty games but this has really eaten up a ton of my time in the past week waiting for the rest to unlock. And now I get Slime Rancher as well? At the very least those two make the bundle worth it and then some. I am very happy with my subscription because they keep throwing all of these great games at me that I never even knew existed before.
Agreed. It feels like a lot of people are just expecting every other game from their Steam wishlists to show up instead of, you know, new and exciting ideas every month. I normally hate Diablo-style ARPGs but I decided to give Grim Dawn a try and I'm having a blast! I can vouch for Hotline Miami 2 being high quality as well and I'm very excited to play Slime Rancher. One of the best bundles of the year for me, for sure.
I've bought games I didn't realize I already owned. Twice. I stopped myself on my almost third and fourth times though. I feel that pain, m8...
Nah you're not crazy at all. I mean, the games are really far from complete garbage. They're competently made, have kinda-sorta-likable characters (even if they are really generic and safe), have gorgeous visuals for their time and incredible animation work. People like that stuff I guess. A lot of people are easily wowed by a lot of these "cinematic" games, hence why Assassin's Creed and Call of Duty tend to be so popular despite constant criticism (I like those games too, kinda, so I'm no hater).

Personally when it comes to shooters I prefer things like Half-Life, DOOM, Vanquish, or Wolfenstein TNO. I felt like the gameplay in those games clearly eclipsed any desire for a smooth, easily sold montage of scripted sequences. I mean, Half-Life pretty much invented the modern scripted-sequence-shooter as we know it, sure, but it still felt like you were in control of your character and doing much more than just moving from one chest-high-wall-filled arena to the next.

The most painful part for me about the whole thing is that even though I kinda sorta enjoy the admittedly generic combat in Uncharted games, I get bored by the end mostly because the story is just plain uninteresting to me. I don't seem to have that universal "Indiana Jones fetish" that everyone else seems to have. Adventure for adventure's sake is boring to me and I'd prefer if we actually delved deeper into issues or characters who had personalities more detailed than their quotable one-liners. Obviously the most important thing in a good game is good gameplay, but if it spends so much time on the story I'd better damn well be invested, you know? That's the one thing that Metal Gear always got right; even if the story is convoluted and questionably written, I still didn't mind because it engaged and interested me on multiple levels and gave me something to talk about with other people or think about. Uncharted's story just "happens". It's not anywhere close to good literature on its own and the fact that the game acts like it's so important is this ever-present burden on me while playing.

Overall though I'd give the series (what I've played of it, anyway) an average 3/5. Not amazing but "worth playing if you're into that kind of thing" at least. I'll never understand why people act like they're the greatest games of all time when so many other games do a shooter/story hybrid far better, but I ain't complaining. People like what they like.
If you think 1 is clunky then I don't think you'll find 2 and 3 that much better. They do improve on things but ultimately the gameplay is kinda the same across each game. I did enjoy Uncharted 2 significantly more than 1 (less buggy, less random frustrating sections with difficulty spikes) but it still has many of the same problems as the first game (puzzles that solve themselves, repetitive cover shooter gameplay, over-reliance on spectacle and constant, overdone danger above all else).

I'm in the minority, obviously, but I'd suggest borrowing Uncharted 2 from a friend maybe (if you can) to see if it's more your thing. I wasn't nearly as impressed as other people seem to have been and if you're anything like me, you won't be that impressed either. It is much less "clunky" though.
I dunno, I wouldn't say "use the badge that lets you fling your hammer or cause an earthquake if you're in an area with bats on the ceiling" is "deep". It's all very obvious, situational stuff. A badge for jumping on spikes, a badge for using two items in a turn, a badge for dashing a little further... I mean there was obviously some element of strategy to it but when I think "deep" I think of something like Final Fantasy XII's gambits or the strategy of your average 4X game (Civ, Endless Legend, etc.) and even then there are more deep games than that.

What made Paper Mario successful was the opposite: that it was *not* all that deep. Rather, it was *accessible* to people new to JRPGs, young and old alike. I loved the games as a kid because they didn't overwhelm me with complex systems but instead had a very simple, straightforward system of equipping a few extra bonuses. Hardly deep, but convenient and simple enough to feel rewarding without overwhelming younger players.
I don't believe so but it's possible to [fix it manually](http://pcgamingwiki.com/wiki/Beyond_Good_%26_Evil) apparently.
While I did enjoy parts of Ni no Kuni I agree that I felt like I was fighting against the game's more annoying parts in order to see the bright parts. What was completely weird to me about the whole thing was how the entire game treated me like I never played an RPG before in my life and was 7-8 years old but at the same time enforced rather painful difficulty through mechanics like the terrible, involving AI system and the fact that you lose money every time you die and want to continue without a save.

I'm not completely against JRPGs, Chrono Trigger and Paper Mario are some of my favorite games of their kind, but so many of them are so stuck in the past with this idea of fake difficulty above all else and it amazes me how people excuse this these days just because of the genre. In other games these days they'd get crucified if they didn't have a lenient auto-save system for example, something that Final Fantasy XIII actually took steps to remedy by allowing you to restart from right before you initiate a fight to reorganize your party or equipment (and yet people criticized it for that, oddly enough). I mean, XIII isn't really a good JRPG if we're going by historical standards but if nothing else it would be great if more games tried to make JRPGs more accessible to the masses instead of pandering to their established base with confusing, needlessly convoluted systems and unfair punishment of the player, especially in the case of Ni no Kuni where their intended demographic is completely confused when you consider the presentation and gameplay at the same time.
Either works. I sometimes alternate based on my mood. Some days I'll listen to podcasts, some days I'll listen to audiobooks. They both fill the same niche of wanting to fill your "boring" time with something mentally productive. Sometimes I'll even listen to presentations or talks so I can learn new perspectives on things while I do busywork.
This hits the nail on the head. It's a cultural problem more than anything. You arguably shouldn't *have* to find a new employer just because you want to feel like your health is treated with respect by management. What needs to happen is a cultural shift in addition to a legislative one where people finally get the idea in their heads that hey, maybe my fellow employees have their own things to worry about and shouldn't have to think about the benefit of the company every waking moment of their life. We need balance, and going home from work to relax for a few hours before going to bed is not enough. We need to be able to come into work and feel like we're not treated like expendable cattle. We shouldn't have to be "irreplaceable" at our companies to deserve special treatment especially when it's something so universal as sick leave.
Imagine you've got an hour or two where you're not really doing anything that requires heavy use of your ears such as driving, chores, or just relaxing. What are you going to do during that time to keep your mind occupied? Think to yourself quietly? Listen to music? Listen to a talk radio program?

If you ever fall into the latter group then that's basically the appeal of podcasts. It's a prerecorded radio program of sorts. Or, if that analogy doesn't quite connect, think of it like listening to a talk show playing from your living room while you're in the kitchen doing the dishes.
In your browser you are literally linking from one file to the other. In your server, you are asking it nicely once you click the link to get you the page assigned to that address. Your server is configured such that any request at '/' gets the first page. It does not have any instructions on where the other pages you put in might be. I would focus on learning how routing in express works so that you can host all of the files in your folder. 
If you're not feeling BL1, BL2 is generally considered the better game. Better visuals, better humor (when it's not cringe, anyway), better abilities, more options overall to customize and a good chunk of the DLC is top-tier. I'd go ahead and skip it if you're not interested in going back but BL1 is still fun even by comparison.
If you were ever interested in playing it, it's not half bad. It's kinda short, kinda small in scope compared to 4, but it's more horror-angled than 5 was for sure. Because it's a 3DS game of course that means it's a bit limited around the edges but it's very playable. On 3DS I'd only recommend it if you're okay with sorta uncomfortable controls. Otherwise the console/PC ports are much better. It looked pretty snazzy on my 144hz monitor and I had a decent amount of fun with it. It's pretty much bite-sized RE. Never played Revelations 2 but generally it's liked somewhat less, though it's still "okay".
If you already beat the Vita version then this one is much prettier overall, runs better, and has all the extra DLC bundled in which is about 6 extra missions and some upgrades. If you can find it for cheap and that sounds appealing to you I'd say go for it, but the game doesn't have too much replay value due to being pretty straightforward. 
Technically, Resident Evil Revelations which released before 6 was the first one to allow you to move freely while aiming. But 6 would be when most people noticed it.
It's amazing just how many things Lighting Returns gets right that people just blew off because it's "yet another dang Lightning game". It's one of the best JRPGs I've played in years. I fell in love with the game when I realized that I was able to defeat an early optional boss in the first area that I was severely underleveled for by using my skills wisely. FFXIII didn't have any optional bosses that required actual skills until maybe halfway through the game, and I love that game besides. The combat, soundtrack, everything really is just great about it so far and I've had a blast. It's a shame few people gave it a try.
[This should adequately explain it](http://www.duelinganalogs.com/comic/complete-waste-of-time/)
Yes, you can power it over USB apparently so you can just use any charger that fits in the plug to run it.
In middle school my doctor told me that I wasn't drinking enough water (just generally not hydrated enough) and I initially misunderstood him. I refused to drink anything but water for months and months of my life. In the end, I actually grew quite fond of the stuff and it's now what I drink with pretty much every meal. If I'm feeling a little frisky I'll get some lemonade or something but water is just so good, refreshing, and pure that I don't know why anyone would waste money and gain so much weight drinking anything else regularly. A cola every once in a while is one thing but if you're having soft drinks multiple times a day then that's not good.
I mean, define "third party". Objectively speaking you're right, but I think he means high-profile third-party, like Activision, Ubisoft, Namco Bandai, Square Enix... I mean hell, Square Enix has been focusing on the 3DS far more than the Vita these days and that says enough considering the PSP was their jam back in the day. They even made a full major Kingdom Hearts game for it and now the only Sony platform they really support is the PS4.
Not dissing the game here, it's a great port that plays well and is full of style, but...

If a port of a PS2 game with a few extra features is the Vita's "killer app" then that really says it all. Next to that I'd probably say Tearaway but they ported it to the PS4 not long after.
I've got a similar issue with Van Helsing this time around. I'd really love to play the game from GOG instead of Steam but it acts like it's not there. I submitted a support request with some screenshots showing the differences. Hopefully they sort it out soon!
I couldn't put it better myself. I always got the feeling that (almost) every criticism of Firewatch I saw came from the wrong place. A lot of people attack it not because of how good or bad it was but because of what it tried to do, and that's unfair.

The whole point of the game is that it gets you thinking that [Spoiler](#s "you're in on some big conspiracy and that you're leaving your former life onto bigger and better things with a new woman who you can relate to instead of feel tied-down to, but, in the end, it ends up that you're just living in this escapist fantasy. You don't get to be with the girl, you don't get to life a fancy life in the woods away from your problems. You come to the realization that, hey, maybe I should stop "playing games" about it and take responsibility for the problems in my life.")

In a way it's also kind of a metacommentary on the nature of gaming itself (and, by extension, the people who criticize Firewatch for not being a "game"). The point of most games is to be a kind of escape from real life but Firewatch proposes that games can actually be real, meaningful, powerful interactive "literature" of sorts that uses our own decisions against us to give us food for thought and present a message. I think that's beautiful and it's one of my GOTY candidates as a result, next to The Witness and DOOM (for comparison, in case anyone doubts that I play "real games" or something).

And obviously there are people who do criticize Firewatch's story, but as far as I'm concerned people are always going to be criticizing stories, good or bad. The point is, if you like introspective stories that make you think about what you're doing with your life, Firewatch might be right up your alley. Whether or not it means anything to you is what's important, *not* whether or not it's a "real game" or if it has a "good ending" or not by some subjective, wavering standard.

**EDIT**: minor alterations and an extra paragraph
Based on your edits, why not have two arrays? One array represents opened tabs while the other represents the starting data for each. Press Button 2 and push the tab data from tabArray[2] onto displayTabArray[0] and so on and so forth.
Literal, actual Donald Trump logic... This country is going to shit if we're seriously considering electing someone that immature. 
I wish. Then maybe one of them would have cared enough to let us rebind our dang keys :/
After this I think I'm going to wait at least another week before playing the game again at this rate. They need to give out a formal apology, state exactly what they're going to do moving forward, and whether or not they'll ever consider doing anything like this again. Then I just might install this game again.
Here's how I imagine this happened:

Capcom Higher-up: "We can't have people installing hacks for our game so they don't give us all of their money for our nickel-and-diming business model. Ideas?"

Sensible employee: "Yeah, um, how about we just restructure the game so that it's inherently more secure and does online checks for what people have access to and how quickly they unlock things and-"

Capcom Higher-up: "TOO EXPENSIVE! We already rushed this code-turd of a game out the door and we can't redo it. Half the features barely work as-is anyway. Next idea?"

Other employee: "Well... I mean if we had the absolute lowest-level access possible on their machines we might be able to do something about trainers, but-"

Capcom Higher-up: "Sounds great! You've got two weeks. Code it and put it in the game."

Other employee: "But as I was about to say it's probably not very secure and it would lock people out of-"

Capcom Higher-up: "Do you like your job here? Do you want to stay? If you don't do it someone else will. I don't care how it's done I just want it to work and prevent people from doing hacks."

Other employee: "...Well, don't say I didn't warn you, but okay..."

- - -

I can only imagine just how many "I told you this was a bad idea" talks are going down over at Capcom right now. I hope someone responsible for this decision gets fired for this. Risking your users' security by design is unacceptable.
I also remember back in the day how some console games would corrupt your entire memory card if they didn't save quite right. That was a tear-filled nightmare the few times it happened to me (on multiple consoles, too).

You'd think that console gaming security would be a bit more obvious than how they did it back in the day but hindsight is 20/20. At least modern consoles are reasonably well sandboxed, as far as I'm aware.
I thought we were past system-crashing malware being requisite for installing PC games these days. Oh how wrong I was...

I put 150+ hours into this game and I was so excited for the most recent update. They finally made it something I would have considered purchasing at full price but then they completely fuck it up like this. Rootkit or not, it is, in fact, a security hole and it does, in fact, prevent people who legitimately purchased the game from playing it through either crashes or permission issues. Absolutely unacceptable from every angle. I'd ask for a refund if I could.
My first reason would override that, sadly. I bought on DLGamer at the time because they had the game for 30% off around launch. I don't think they'd refund a game 7 months after launch just because the devs decided to lose all common sense.
For Valve to check for sketchy updates they would have to require some kind of certification program like Sony/MS do, which is costly for devs/publishers and Steam itself. For all we know the update manually puts the file in system32 instead of it just being part of the update package, so even if they did have checks it could get around it by running a script to move it around somewhere.
Consoles aren't immune to this either. IIRC some Bethesda games YLOD'd some PS3s and don't get me started on the Xbox 360 original model RROD issue that was swept under the rug like it never happened. I'd take a little bit of malware any day over games literally killing my system.

That said, this whole thing is still bullshit. Capcom needs to apologize and get the game working in a way that doesn't mess with peoples' kernel-level privileges *ASAP*.
Completely agreed. I put 150+ hours into it since launch and while it took forever to finally reach what I'd call "1.0-worthy" status (this latest update) they also fucked it up royally. The entire monetary system is screwed and survival mode is a mess on multiple levels. It's trash to play, gives trash rewards, and they're actually installing a rootkit just so people can't hack to get the rewards easier. It's a disaster.

At this point they need to rethink the entire monetary system surrounding the game and give a huge apology to the people on PC they're screwing over. Unbelievable. You can't even use directinput sticks or rebind your keys as far as I'm aware either and that's just basic stuff *every* game should have, among other issues.
For fuck's sake Capcom this is unforgivable. I'd ask for a refund but I 1) didn't buy the game on Steam directly (used DLGamer) and 2) put 150+ hours into it at this point so it's a bit late for that to be meaningful. As far as they're concerned they took my money and ran with it.

At the very least they could refund my season pass since I can't access Urien now without blasting a hole in the side of my machine for anyone to enter, so to speak. Pathetic.

EDIT: some purchase details
Well last I checked it hasn't exactly been denied. The game has been in development in the past and they've shown off various teaser footage before. Not sure what its status is now but that comment pretty much does confirm that they're still trying to figure out what to make with it.
I've been using it with Angular 2 for a little while now and it seems to be just fine.
Ah boy... I'm just so tired of all these Star Wars... 
And there goes any interest I had in learning PHP... JavaScript has its problems but at least I can compile down to it from something that makes more sense. 
I'm alright with random encounters if, like you said, they can provide a method to limit them or otherwise modify them. Some of my favorite examples in modifying the game difficulty are The World Ends With You and Kingdom Hearts Re:coded. While they didn't quite have "random encounters" per-say, they did allow you to adjust your level of difficulty by increasing the level of risk vs reward. Lower risk and get some practice, or increase the risk for greater post-battle benefits.

Modern PC ports of Final Fantasy games also seem to have a lot of nice "convenience" options such as speeding up the game and maxing out your character levels for the end-game content. Those are also very welcome.

Honestly I do have to agree with /u/Reverant in general on this one though. Random encounters are usually really lazy and it shows. I get bored fighting the same enemies over and over especially if I'm getting close to a place I want to be and the screen goes *woosh* to signify yet another battle I couldn't see coming. It's just tedious. Especially since, as a lot of these games are turn-based, there is very little strategy after your first time facing them. Face a group of enemies once and survive and congratulations, you've beaten them a million times. In action games you still have to stay on your toes even if the enemies are old and familiar at any time because the games rely a lot on physical skill more than just memorizing what generic sequence of attacks kills a mob.