For US residents, some grocery chains offer "fuel points" that result in lower prices per gallon at the gas pumps. Here in Arizona, we have a grocery chain called Fry's Grocery/Marketplace and every $1.00 spent = 1 fuel point. I believe the cost breakdown is like 100pts = .10 cent discount P/G.

My wife and spend our points at the of the month and we average about .50-.90 cents P/G discount. Filling two tanks, this helps take the sting out at the pumps. 
Those DC fans who walked out saying, "Why couldn't Justice League have been that good?"
Needs more Coulson. 
Mary Anne was hotter.
I tried a different kind once on my 2013 and I could not get them to sit flush. I just returned them for a refund.
Yup.
Or maybe, an X-Men movie? :]
I'd love to see him return and do another film, but I won't get my hopes up.
I love my GD. Next to Downbeat, he's probably my favorite 3P Autobot. They really nailed the toy esthetics.
The real secret is making good solo movies too though. Aside from WW, they haven't managed to do succeeded in this department.
That's a pretty solid and compete collection. I am envious.
Wasn't Stormbreaker the name of Beta Ray Bill's hammer?
I thought I read that this was Chris Evans last film, so seeing that he wasn't one of members who died at the end was pretty surprising for me.
That's looking pretty sick.
Just like his presidency.
Loved how when Vision rolled over and died, he turned grey. It was like I was reliving the moment when I first saw G1 Optimus Prime die. ðŸ˜«
Well, Aragorn did have a brief battle in a snowy environment in the first film, though it wasn't long enough to warrant suck a title.
That looks pretty damn nice for Hulk. Would probably do well with my Revoltech Wolverine.
If you love Jaguar, give Riot and Furor a look. Exceptional Rumble and Frenzy by the same company, same cassette format.
At what point does the FBI start arresting these people?
I can justify the additional $20 because of all the 2-day shipping I do. I rarely use their service for movies or music, but I really, really hate waiting for a package. 
He's like one of those witless, homeless people that scream at  commuter buses as they pass. 
This was the scenario I've been asking for since it happened. That, or just have Magneto open it up. Either way, I'm glad it was done. 
Then let's make that change right now and do a recount.
Can't fuck your way out of this problem, Kim.
The clown wrote a song called "Gold Digger" and then wifed the most popular gold digging whore who's only known talent is making a sex tape. What did people expect?
Love this figure. I got lucky and scored mine off a private seller on Ebay right around the time FT Willis was released, only $60.00 and came complete. He's everything I want out of a MP Hound. I especially love the giant boxy feet and the collapsible forearms. 
Now that is beautiful. 
That's a body worth resurrecting for. 
Agreed. I refused to buy this figure because basically he's just a Metroplex repaint that's turned backwards. There are some sculpted changes to the torso, arms, legs and obviously the head - but it's essentially a Metroplex body with identical transformation. 
I agree about the shoulder pads. Had they just left off the indents and lower trim so they looked like pads, then it could have turned out better. Also, I'm not sure if it's just the lighting, but all that yellow should be tan instead. 
I'll watch it for Tom Hardy and just hope Venom is in it for more than 15 minutes.
This looks much nicer. Thank you.
He's playing Candy Crush. 
They should just start by asking him to define "ethics". 
"Draining the Swamp". The water's never been murkier.
I understand what's involved in a Mafex, SFH, or Revoltech - all import action figures that all have amazing articulation and optional accessories. But come on - $94.00, for a 7" import action figure is insane. BBTS should be ashamed, 
Just watched Murder on the Orient Express last week. Not a bad film with a decent mystery. 
I don't think you can buy them anymore after they've been recalled by the manufacturer. 
I hope that's unfinished cgi.
Solid half-scorpion that kid in the middle pulled off.
Just to be fair here, the kid does look like he just got through a major frontal lobe surgery just recently.
My cat has a sqeekey fish that he likes to bring into the bedroom when we're asleep. Furry little bastard.
"What a piece of junk!",  that's actually quite the beauty. Last time I owned one of these, I was six years old and it flew in under the Christmas tree from my grandfather. That was 1979. Sure would love to hold one of those again. 
> I bought a 3rd party Jazz brand new on eBay, but it arrived with flawed paint. The seller now offers me a partial refund and I keep it.
> 
> Is there a market for a 3rd party looking like that? I would rather not lose money.

Unless I'm blind, I don't see your link to the picture. 

Never mind, I see it now. Yeah, my best suggestion is to post a BST thread on r/transformersetrading and see if someone wants it. 
I wish he would do a Predator movie.
Maybe for those that do custom paint applications. How bad is the paint flaw? And which 3P Jazz is it? If it's Downbeat, there are stickers available that might cover up the blemish. 
I'm convinced the only way Archwing missions can be fun is to make it a classic rail shooter. Right now, it's the 360-degree movement, constant thrusting, and impossible lock-on that makes these so undesirable. 
Could use a touch Hellfire Club, but otherwise this is really great.
Saw it today while grocery shopping. Feels tempting, but I turned it away knowing I'd hate myself afterwards because it would have meant I've broken my oath to never support anything related to Bayformers. 

I will say it is nice to see Hasbro stepping up their game with their toy production again outside of MP.
Or even a re-release.
They're what got me started when I was 3 years old. C3PO was my first.
I really want that Magneto, but I really don't like the cape.
I miss JL X-Men.
Queens of the Stone Age, in any form.
Stupid people with stupid accusations.
He's a fantastic piece with lots of neat gimmicks. My only complaint is how poorly he holds his rifle. 
Man, I'd love to get my hands on this repaint of Unicron. 
Sounds like something that's desperately needed here in the US. 
Just my own opinion, but I feel he's too thick and boxy to be considered truly cartoon accurate. CA-Optimus was pretty slender. 
I couldn't part with my MP-01. I don't care that he's neither toy or cartoon accurate, he's just one giant, awesome toy.
Greg Capullo's redesign was and always will be my favorite. Big boot and gauntlet 4 life. But for any Spawn that wasn't Al Simmons, Mandarin Spawn 1 was a crazy design. 
It's only 82 degrees today. 
Hopefully it's not cut from the film like they sometime do.
A great song, but not even close to the best on this whole album. I'll take FNM's version of War Pigs over Black Sabbath's any day. 
These are $65.00 and are absolutely not an insult. Their construction quality and transformation engineering are leagues ahead of anything Hasbro has done in years, and you get a battery operated pile drivers with these also. The KO MP Cassettes are less than half their height and 100% plastic. 
Nope. These guys are 1:1-scale cassettes that are only meant to scale to MP Soundwave in robot mode. 
I only have Riot, but I absolutely love this figure. I'm anxious to get Furor before he sells out. The stickers looks really good on them too. 

By the way, if anyone just so happens to need a left-side gun for this figure, I have an extra. 
I can't open Google spreadsheets at work. Any chance you can copy/paste the list? Are these all official, or are there any 3P's included?
And Lockheed's lower jaw even includes his under-bite that seems to have vanished over the past decade. Fantastic. 
The comment about the hound dog? Or painting murals and redesigning our school mascot? Yes, I did. 
Man, school culture sure has changed a lot since I was young. During my junior year in HS, I drew a portrait on our music teacher and she accidentally overheard me saying how she looks kind of like a hound dog. I got sent to the principals office and was asked to redesign our school mascot for school t-shirts, and paint a caricature in our main gymnasium. 
Meanwhile, Dotards are glued to the TV and masturbating to new episodes of Rosanne, and Sean "He's not my lawyer but I pay for his services" Hannity. Talk about counter-culture. 
The proportions here do look a bit off. Also, why does Logan young young-ish again? I know he's been brought back from death but hasn't been fully revealed. Is this after his return or yet another timeline spin-off?

LOL at Beast. He's Cat-Cow now. 
I've heard the quality of those KOs are really bad. Have you had any/many that have broken out of the 25?
Don't risk it. Chances are you're like most of us where we keep our TFs in robot mode. The transformation is extremely complicated and has some known tolerance issues, and work as expensive as that particular piece is, it's simply not worth the risk.
Apparently this is a luxury cruise ship, because my '13 VT has 85k miles and zero problems.
I decided on the ML version mostly because the head sculpt is 100x better.
Be careful washing the shirt. Mine shrunk after two washes and it's too small to fit.
Comic boxes don't get much cooler than that. 
That's a tough perspective to draw for most people, and you did a pretty good job. 
I'm surprised they haven't by now. I'd say it's long overdue. Hopefully they don't get the same sculptor for Apocalypse that did the face of MS Thanos though. 
I'd be really happy if the Alternators line returned.
Kinda surprised the rest of the team, especially Guardian and Vindicator, haven't been given the ML treatment yet.
Dinobots. It's a crime that only Grimlock (officially) has been made.
How long did that take to find a center of balance?
maybe he can just shave his head and spray paint the teeth all silver instead?  
Lasik for Wookies? Sounds risky. 
Why exactly is Chewbacca wearing eyeglasses? 
If it's anything like like my wife's 2017 Hyundai Genesis, your gentiles should be melting when put at max. And Android Auto is pretty touchy. Wife had to pair/re-pair her device a couple times until it started to connect reliably. 
Didn't Xavier die again in that issue? 
Leather ventilated seats in mine.
I'm 100% happy with Quakewave. 
I see not reason for it. If they want to show Obi-Wan's earlier years with Qui-Gonn, I'm okay with that. But a whole movie of just QGJ? No.  
how long did the big one take to complete?
Nah, I don't want Trump to resign. He shouldn't be allowed to take the easy way out, the way Paul Ryan has. He's completely fucked over the country. He's a traitor and hypocrite of the highest nature. He should be fucking impeached, then face full prosecution. 
They do look nice, but I prefer my official MPs and all the panel line details. These are just too clean. 
The simpler times. 
Mine are the same, not sure why that is either. But living in AZ, it's not a feature that gets used too often so I've just let it go.
I'd prefer to stay as far away from Trump as possible.
Rosanne Barr as Lotus.
Yup. I remember buying the entire set brand new from KB Toys back in 2008 when they were Buy 1 Get 1 Free. I managed to hold onto Pitt until just a couple years back and he still sold for $200.00 on Ebay. 
No reason it wouldn't. I remember having quite a few of these. 
Love the MS Juggernaut. Just wish he was better articulated, especially the wrists.
Not bad. Well, let us know if you go through with it.
Uhoh, sounds like Trump is being called into his bosses office to be repremanded.
He's not bullshitting you. Your car is two years old, turbo or not, the Veloster is a popular choice for young and middle-age drivers today. Did the dealership make you a trade offer?
The FFs never been my thing, but Thing turned out really great IMO. If I were a collector, I'd be jumping at this.
Oh, I can assure you that won't be happening. But you are welcome. :)
[Do any new ML series yourself](http://thefwoosh.com/index.php/2018/02/marvel-legends-6-shopping-list-round-up/). 
Such a sexy song. 
or a trendy dentist. 
I miss the days of robots with giant feet. 
porque no los dos?
Remember the incident in Vegas? That is what Logan was trying to prevent. 
TJ has a sex video? Ugh. 
I hear you. That Rogue and Wolverine from the line is what got me back into collecting ML's again, at least for the X-Men. I'm betting we'll get a 90's Storm sometime soon, but I'm happy they went with 80's punk this time. 
Pretty unbelievable coincidence that this even happens, but it's not like this is a first for the franchise.
Rogue front n' center? HELL YEAH! I'm anxious for the new Storm and Psylocke that are soon approaching. 
I've only had Cable for a couple days now and he's a tremendously impressive figure, but that giant gun is next to useless and I really wish they included an alternate left hand so he could hold a second gun. Also, a variety of guns from the Spawn action figure series work amazingly well with him. 
Thor looks a bit wall-eyed
That tweet contained way too many big words for Trump to understand. He should get himself another one of those "only the best lawyers" to read it back to him. 
That sculpt looks pretty amazing, but the cape looks like a nightmare to deal with. 
Those are some great additions. Is the camo-Rattler a custom? 
My wife wouldn't have allowed the plane to leave the tarmac if that was her seat.
Damn, that's a hell of a collection. 
Yup.
It was with Mary Anne from Gillian's Island, or young Dolly Parton.
You'll get no argument from me.
Sounds the perfect person to take their guns away from.
I wouldn't call $18-$23.00 insane. They've been around the $20 mark for many years now and have actually improved too. Better body sculpts, better likenesses, extra hands and heads sometimes, and always a BAF piece. 

But the selection is just the problem because of demand. Not many people are up spending $70+ on import figures of the same character, so the ML line is still as popular as ever. Just don't succumb to scalpers and their greed. 
Disgusting and neat looking at the same time. Is this your creation?
Excellent selection. IMO, the MS Colossus is a much better fit than the ML version.
Very ambitious. Looks great so far.
Sounds like the answer to every non-turbo owner who posts here asking how they can squeeze more power out of their car. But that price, they could have bought a turbo for $3K less than this. 
That, and able to be elected for multiple terms. 2-4 terms maximum then you're out.
Yes, but only in the sense that no one would want to get near his decaying body to try to move it.
Yup. Exactly why I never bought the official release. Well, that and my wife would kill me because she bought me QW a few years back.
Blob. A whole lot of useless.
It's a better job than what I could have done when I was an artist. I think it looks really nice. You don't see too many slender Cables, so props for your unique style.
Eh, I'll buy Psylocke and Storm when I find them. I hope to assemble Apocalypse, but the rest are an easy pass for me.
I think it's the flash, but it wouldn't be a stretch to accuse Hasbro of being cheap.
Always loved the fact the Cannonball's new helmet was [Sci-Fi's helmet](http://www.yojoe.com/action/86/scifi.shtml) from G.I.Joe.
Very nice. I missed an eBay auction for one of these just the other day, it ended at only $54.00 and was only missing Chip Chase.
Fox is getting really desperate.
Damn, that's quite the score. I love my Apollyon.
He looks nervous.
'13 VT. 83k and still running like a dream. Just had new tires put on and scheduled maintenance from the dealership last weekend. The only thing I've had to replace was the steering wheel because the leather started to fade (warranty), I popped one of the front speakers (warranty), and the rubber button that covers the truck latch (again, warranty).

I was considering buying a new one once I hit 100k, but I don't really like the redesign. Probably going with a Kia Stinger GT for my next car.
Getting you back to +1 for your comment. BAF Thanos is horrendous, at least the head is. 
For me, this death was more shocking than OPs. I mean, I knew Screamer had it coming, but I just wasn't expecting it to be that brutal.
That was absolutely beautiful.
I know it's a small thing to be concerned about, but that would bug the shit out of me.
Never heard of them until the Vegas show. Pretty kick ass for a duo.
https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/1534-E-Winged-Foot-Rd-Phoenix-AZ-85022/8009222_zpid/
Doggo's got it bad too.
Yup, he's a real beauty. Probably my favorite purchase of 2017.
Damn. Well it's certainly awesome. Congrats on owning sick a unique item.
Tracks 3, 4, 7 and 11 is Infinity.
I don't have one to trade, but if you have no luck finding what you're looking for, let me know if you'd like to see Cable.
You brilliant bastard.
Story time please, dudeness. Please also include how I can get something like this for myself.
They certainly don't make them like that anymore.
No doubt about it.
si! si!
I would spend plat for weapon racks to use as decoration and fill them up. Been wanting this ever since Skyrim: Hearthfire DLC. Destiny failed me, I'm hoping Warframe won't as well. 
Can I get some chorizo with that?
Give that man a cybernetic heart. He's a worldwide treasure. 
The food she makes. She doesn't just shoot for the standard  breakfast, lunches and dinners. She's find complicated recipes that challenges her cooking skills and tests them out on me. In the almost 15+ years we've been together, there's only been a tiny handful of plates she's made that hasn't impressed me. 

She also makes me breakfast sandwiches every Sunday for my work week. That usually involves croissants from Costco, skillet fried ham glazed in syrup, egg, tomato and cheese. My co-worker pouts every morning because he's snaking on a fruit roll-up. 
I'd love that Carnage if he were in scale with Venom. 
Spawn killing, basically. Cheap but effective. 
Is there really that much of a demand for this 3P Constructicons that come in colors not generally seen?  
The animation style reminds me of Men in Black, which isn't a bad thing. This looks like it would have been fun. 
Quite possibly one of McFarlane's single most beautiful sculpted action figures ever created, and the bar is quite high for them. It's my dream to finally own the black repaint version but they're averaging $100-150.00 these days.
Testifying under oath means exactly zero to Trump. 
I'm really not too fond of the changes they made to the vehicles appearance.
Nah, you'll never learn patience when you have something like that coming. When I ordered my 2013 VT (Vitamin C), I was calling my dealership a few times a month. 
That's bad ass. Love the way the hands curl tense like that. 
Fuck yes. 
Unless you need a second Thanos, than it's unlikely. But thank you for letting me know.
If for some weird reason that trade doesn't go through, I have Thanos FT.
I hope this is the breaking point for carriers like Verizon and Sprint to stop automatically installing the FB app on all their devices. It's crazy enough that you have no option of removing it without jailbreaking your phone. I use Nova Launcher to hide it, but that's a small fix for a much larger problem.
Dat KMart price tag. 
An episode strictly about toy stores in the 80s would be pretty cool.
Just watched this season on disc via Netflix. Waiting for S4 is killing me, especially after the S3 finale.
Agreed with Hideaway. UnReborn Again took some adjusting, but I love it now.
Didn't like it when it first came out. Love it now.
Not wrong. I love the music, but I hate the singing.
As if I didn't like this guy enough as it is. Just another reason to not buy this assholes albums, JHo or not. Fuck this guy.
Not in the slightest. I enjoyed the first film, but not enough that I felt compelled to buy the Blu-ray or watch it when it was re released.
Fuck you, Rick. Go climb back in the loser hole you came from.
Poor Hudson.
A diorama is when you hand-make or craft a backdrop or an environment for a product or merchandise, like what you see in this picture.
Outstanding.
He's not wrong.
You did an outstanding job capturing this, btw. Love your work.
Absolutely ridiculous level of engineering going on in this transformation. That is crazy.
Yeah, this chart is useless without the self titled album on it. It's equally amazing as every other album they've produced.
It was this type of reaction that made me dislike the film. Thor, the God of Thunder, should not be screaming like a little girl when someone threatens to cut his hair.
A sale at Rite Aid is bigger than his inauguration.
Every single one of them.
"I GUESS WE'RE GONNA TAKE IT..."
Was working for me about an hour ago, can't connect now.
Ya done fucked up, Thanos.
A quick search on KBB shows me the average price of a 2012 sold privately is averaging $6300-$8000k. Price may be different in your area though, but that price seems fair.

https://www.kbb.com
It's working for me. Located in AZ.
That's more like a barrel flop.
Looks like it got stepped on.
Because WM always tries to beat the competition, even if the product is brand new. Also, at that high a ticket price, they don't want those hanging around for too long. 
Still haven't found one, and I have three stores in my area. 
I just finished the Octavia quest. Does she not qualify?
That sucks. Is he okay?
I can't see the video. What happened to Troy??
Isn't it a great feeling seeing all three together?
Same here. I miss the days of hunting for all those store exclusives, and especially walking into the McF store in Glendale, AZ and seeing a whole wall of product to shift through. 
That didn't take long to sell out again.
Gotta be from a Bay film. 
IMO, this needs to be on the sidebar for this sub. This is fucking tremendous. 
Think I just found my new lock screen for my phone. 
Grevious was a fucking beast in that show. Almost wish I hadn't seen this show before I watched Ep.3 though. I was so terribly disappointed in Grevious because I expected him to live up to this shows level or terror. 
Oddly, I found her more attractive when she was almost bald. 
For me, Captain America's easily. 

IM2 was meh, and I really didn't care for IM3. I enjoyed Thor, T2 was forgetful, and I really disliked T3. But I thoroughly enjoyed all three CA films. 
First, I shall conquer this tablecloth. Nl Then, the galaxy.
You mean the tail? Most definitely.
Oh man, if there's one thing I am envious of, is being the person who gets to see it for the very first time. So many WTFs said when I watched it with my son. I hope you enjoy the film. Just be patient with it; there is a tremendous amount of political discussion and the movie can drag on for a bit, but just stick with it. 
That cotton ball totally works too. 
That's beautiful. It puts my collection of 150+ Anniversary Joe's to shame. 
Blowing out hearing aids where ever they go. 

I was surprised by the age range that I saw at the Vegas show. Two older gentlemen were sitting in front of me, they were probably in their 70s.  
Don't buy reddit gold, that shit is absolutely useless. Use that money on a charity. Like this: http://marvelstudiosheroacts.com/
sure looks like it. 
Good call using BAF Onslaught for this roster. He was way too small for the 6" line. 
"Go tit" when it meant to say "Got it". This was an email response I had sent to my supervisor after she asked me to take care of a task, and she just so happened to have breast cancer. She got a good laugh out of it, but I felt pretty bad. 
and don't act like savages; leaving product on the floor to get trampled, harassing employees to search for stock in the back, and fighting over products.
It always drove me crazy that IM posters usually featured TS in his armor without his helmet on. I think you did an excellent job. 
My TRU store in Scottsdale, AZ on Tatum Blvd says otherwise. They have a large "GOING OUT OF BUSINESS" banner across the front of the store and everything was 60% off. I went in last Friday and picked up a Mega Construx Destiny Devil Walker for $15.00. 
And I'd own that Havok if he just came with his classic head sculpt. 
Not OP, but this riser is what I use for my Detolf case: http://smalljoes.com/apex-action-figure-collectibles-display-case.shtml

The acrylic riser can be purchased separately, and it fits these shelves perfectly. 
Just start by getting robot designs right, and it'll be off to a better start. I don't need G1 perfection, I just want the characters to have some better resemblances to them. 
Have you caught Skullface's "Best Dinobots" review that he posted a couple weeks back? Was pretty funny stuff. Makes his broad distaste of the new PotP Dinobots clearly known. 
That's "Headly". 
The goldfish in the boots are what really sells this.
One of my very favorites. Just wish he'd put out more work. The dude is a wordsmith of the highest calibur.
I believe it was. 
That's because the first version of TB's Iceman had a color change feature. I remember reading that it was recalled because apparently toxic chemicals were used to make the effect happen, but I don't know how accurate that story was.
Nice. IMO, [v41](http://www.yojoe.com/action/11/stormshadow41.shtml) was the best Storm Shadow to date. And according to [yojoe.com](http://www.yojoe.com/action/84/stormshadow.shtml), there are 50 different Storm Shadows that have been produced.  
My store was packed like it was Christmas season. And like that, it was mostly barren of any wanted product. 
Wow, Illyana's packing some magically think thighs.
I don't see it that often, but when the guy decides to stick his fingers in the girls mouth and stretch her cheeks out. WTF is up with that??
Because Michael Bay believe he can disguise the absolute worst acting, story, and dialog with giant explosions and massive amounts of carnage and destruction. He's simply in it for the check, that's it. I'm glad they're rebooting the franchise. It couldn't possibly get any worse than those films.
Was such an excellent magazine, especially TF Theater. 
You don't have to "quit Reddit", you only have to unsubscribe from the toxic subs that are the cause of your stress. 
M&J was one of the first Joe's I wanted simply because of the card art. I didn't really care for the character, but I loved that package. 
No problem. PM me when ever.
Same as their claim that they have drones that can carry out nuclear attacks. It's bullshit, he just wants to play the part of the untouchable bully.
Not at all. How's $20 + s/h? It cost me $75, and I still have the box and weapons.
I was surprised to see them on the shelf at all. There were four sets, and a few of the ship too.
Everything had most every item had clearance tags. I took this picture today while in the store: https://i.imgur.com/SvnMgnn.jpg
Yup. This is in the Scottsdale, AZ store.
No way, the 60%? It no way, the sales have already started? I posted my purchase on this sub a few hour ago, receipt included. Take a look for yourself.
Mine was 60% everything. The store was packed like it was the day before Christmas.
Man, I absolutely love that pose in the back.
I have a Square-Enix Playarts Halo Master Chief with a broken right hand that I've been looking to rid myself of.  Any interest?
You could run a 30 minute segment on TV that shows nothing but the true hypocrisy of the right and that still wouldn't be enough time to cover to  cover it all. Makes me miss John Stewart's Daily Show.
Sue. Sue those motherfuckers until they're bankrupt. 
Take note, DC. This is how you do it. This is how you hype.
And still no Hawkeye. 
Nope.
I got a few sprinkles in North Phoenix near Anthem, but that's it. Sure was beautiful though. 
As amusing as that would be, doubtful.
And that big "A" on the building could be turned into a 4. 
Oh Christ, this would be so great. Thanos ends one threat just create an even larger one. 
God, I fucking hope so. 
Yes! Actual scene with Thanos in his helmet and armor! I was afraid we were only going to see Malibu Beach House Thanos in this film. 
Does the tongue come out on yours? The first one I bought would refuse to come out, but the replacement I bought a couple years later popped right out. I think I like it better when it's out. 
Considering they have fabric costumes, I'd say that's about right for this collectors market. 
We've come a long way since then, huh?
Jesus. I only used these when I wanted to travel vast amounts of land quickly. 
I've been waiting for more pics from this be posted. So bad ass. 
Wow, some actual good news on reddit for once. 
Just one of the hundreds of reason why Trump is unfit. 
You're welcome to disagree. This outcome would have required some rewriting to the script, sure. But with Carrie Fisher being gone now, how else are they going to end her story in Ep.9? 
Trump is our president. I remember newspaper editorials and comics strips (Doonsbury, I believe was one) during the 80's that speculated such a future and how utterly absurd such an notion would be. They joked and mutually agreed that if this guy was ever to become our POTUS, the nation would be a complete nightmare and laughing stock. Turns out these people had a crystal ball and it was 100% accurate.
While I do want this figure, I'm not going to crazy hunting for one. In a few months, he'll be on clearance on Amazon.
A sad moment in our history, but they caused their own collapse. At least Canada will still have them. 
I throw the most epic, killer disco party ever filled with clones and light shows (Mirage Prime:Warframe). 
Probably one of the single most challenging Transformers I've ever encountered. The instructions that Hasbro printed were so vague. 
IMO, this is the send off they should have given to Leia. 
Wish they would have swapped out some of those argon crystals for tellurium. Got a pair of Kroker's that I'm dying to build and the blueprint's been staring me int he face for 2 months. 
I don't have a link available, but if you look for them, people do sell fill in parts for the lower legs. It looks way better with them installed. 
So who's providing the fake news now?
and it's going to continue. Had the GOP stood up for themselves, and the constitution, they wouldn't be in this predicament. 
Yet T_D still remains. 
Hard to criticize his master while sucking his cock at the same time. 
I read that title as "SEC charges Thanos and CEO Elizabeth Holmes with â€˜massive fraud". 

I've obviously been on r/marvelstudios way too much. 
DE didn't spoil this for players who haven't completed the quest. OP is the one who spoiled it. 
Yeah, I'm a little upset about that too. I only just finished TWW quest, I'm not ready for teh feels. 
If pineapple on pizza is illegal, I'll be running a black market. 
Love mine. But just be careful when it comes to putting on his backpack. It makes him very top-heavy and prone to falls. My first one was on a 5-foot shelf, took a dive and snapped the neck post
My 76-year old father just finished surgery after a really bad case of pneumonia, then a month later he tripped on a carpet and broke his hip. He's in good spirits, might because of all the hot nurses that help him with his therapy. If my dad can get through that, yours can too. Show that kidney who's boss. 
When I couldn't afford gas money so I could drive to my grandmother's memorial service. My father was really mad at me for that, but he wasn't willing to send me any money to help. At the time, I was barely scraping by check to check, and the service was a 4-hour round trip. 
That's beautiful. If I had to guess, you started this entire illustration starting with the mouth? 
I loved those things, especially the catalogs that came with '84-86 Transformers. 
I would certainly appreciate the ability to remove lenses from a WF. I mistakenly applied mine to my Banshee Prime, only to find that I enjoy my new Mirage Prime 1000x more. 
Loved D1. D2, fuck that game. It's the reason why I'm playing WF now. 
That weapon will be dropping for me in 3 days. Based on the responses, I am excite.
So I just experienced the final mission of The War Within quest, and man, not putting a checkpoint after beating the bodyguards and the queen was so not cool of DE. 

It took me way too long to figure out what I was supposed to do when it came to fighting those fat bastards, and then on my last life I get picked off while running for my ship. Hit continue game, and there I am right back at the beginning of the fight again. 

Between that, and the numerous times I died while trying to evade the laser beams at the start of the mission... I can't wait to play this mission again. Goddamn do I love this game. 
Can't say I have. I'm too busy watching the road ahead of me.
'13 Turbo owner w/82K miles reporting: not a single problem and I drive my car 50 miles every day of the weekday.
News has sucked ass every day since November 2016. 
I've always pronounced it as hun-die. 
Will never understand people who are cruel to animals, especially happy ones like that. You're a good human. :)
Blames Russia for poison attack one day. Gets fired the next. Seems like retaliation to me. 
The GOP lost all credibility long before this circus event. This only cemented the fact even further. 
Because he's too spineless to say it to their face. 
PM sent

Edit: Nevermind, looks like you sold it already. 
Which means absolutely nothing. Just saying.
The only thing Bungie will be is my money. It's going to Warframe now. 
They probably don't have time to explain why they don't have time to explain the reason for the Collapse. It just did. 
How did you send the money? Paypal? You can file a claim against the person and get a refund if they haven't responded. 
The one I saw in Vegas last month.
I'd send it back. 
Ugh, I don't want a sympathetic Thanos. Dammit, why are taking him in this direction??
I hope it really is. But just yesterday I spotted something at Walmart while I was getting coffee creamer that gave me some concern. I spotted a IW figure set of Iron Man and Thanos in a 2-pack that had electronic speaking lines. One of those lines from Thanos was ["You're not worthy to protect the universe!"](#spoiler). 

That doesn't sound very Thanos-like to me. 
I would be 100% A-OK with that decision. 
If he thinks King is fast at writing novels, Brandon Peterson would rock his socks off. 
Try this: https://www.reddit.com/r/Spawn/comments/7zf931/selling_my_spawn_collection/

I bought from him recently and he is a trusted seller. 
I'd put him on Ebay. I listed my own on r/toyexchange last year and he got zero responses. Sold him on Ebay for $225.00 US. 
FT-10 Phoenix. You won't regret it. 
Where it's at?
What are you going to do with the rest of Onslaught?
He would be if it wasn't for that ridiculous wolf head and even more ridiculous chin on the human head.
What do you expect? Dr. Phil is neither a doctor or a psychologist. He's just as fake as the girls pregnancy.
I'm sure many will disagree, but I've yet to see a ML figure able to replace this one. Great packaging, a comic reprint, a detailed and wall mounted display stand, all packed with a fantastically articulated figure (fingers included) with a great paint job, and the shield straps onto his back.
Kroger also goes by Fry's Grocery/Signature/Marketplace in other states. They all sell these, but the Marketplace and Signature stores tend to have a broader selection. Prices are average it lower.
Damn right. I'm waiting for tonight's from this unexpected storm that's crossing Carefree/N.PHX right now, should be beautiful.
Fucking A. Right on. 
At this point, they'd have to announce it as free DLC not to be.
Yes. Yes, it was.
Last tumor that I heard about the script is that Spawn will also have a non-speaking role as well.
Is there anything Trump did that hasn't violate an election law? 
You assume correctly, at least that's how they worked in their classic Uncanny X-Men run before all these alternate realities and time traveling started. 
Wait, Melania's considered a foreign porn star? I've heard she was a swimsuit model, but not that. 
Even "Full Retard" is an accurate enough to describe him. 
cost. I got interrupted mid post, sorry.
The Santa hat? I need to try that. And thanks for the info. 
I just matured one of these last night, my first. Do they still require a collar like Kubros? If so, when do I get that mission? I checked Earth for a Defense/Collar mission and couldn't find one. 
Oh shit, yes. Go papa Biden. 
This is a beautiful piece, but the missing forks in the front wheel really stands out. If the bike was in motion, this wouldn't be an issue. 
I've transformed my MP-09 once and that was something I promised I'd never again. 
and how much would that for... replication and research purposes? 
Still not worth the price. 
Trump's built his precious wall to keep the rest of the world out, and it's called ignorance. You can't see it, but it's everywhere around us. 
You know what to do in 2018 Wisconsin. Fuck that fucking traitor out of office. 
That's a bold claim. I know I won't be back, neither will my wife, and neither will anyone from my clan. Warframe is a superior game in a million different ways. Bungie would have completely scrap D2, adopt everything Warframe offers, and then somehow top that, then I'd consider going back. My crystal ball says that will never happen. Besides, I simply don't trust Bungie anymore. 
A 10 year journey cut 6 years short. 
That must be one hell of a quest. Now my wife and I gotta finish Pluto tonight and see this for ourselves. 
That's so awesome that Harrison and George attended this event. 
Strong Guy is back?
This might just be the greatest custom figure I've ever laid eyes on, since RumbleFrenzy's custom Transformers Combiner G1 Dinobots. This is outstanding and is exactly what Hasbro needs to produce. 
If you could find it stocked at TRU. It's sad seeing them go, they were a huge part of my childhood and a bit of adulthood, but they did this to themselves. Terrible prices, overpriced exclusives, and a terrible stock of products. RIP Jeffrey.
shitpost is shit.
Frost, because he's the coolest dude around. 
You forgot to tell him/her about the rug. 
Your security deposit is there to fix anything that you break when you move out. Management will nickle and dime you for every tiny thing they can find when that day comes. Do yourself a favor and make all the possible fixes and replacements you can when you're ready to move out, and take pictures of everything to prove the state of the place when you turned in the keys.
Even if he attempted something this idiotic, the US Supreme Courts would shut him down just like they have with every other stupid idea he's had. 
Still can't get over how terrible Yoda looks. 
That's a pretty sweet cover. 
Most of the movie toys from all the past films were never seen in the films. They're just excuses to produce repaints. 
Something I realized a year ago after owning my first electric toothbrush is that the method I used to brush my teeth normally had to be changed when upgrading to electric. The normal fast back n' forth, up and down method wasn't needed when using electric. You only need to move the bristles slowly across your teeth and it's far more effective. 

My toothbrush pulses every 30 seconds, and that tells me it's time to switch sides. Give each side 30 seconds using the same slow process and the tarter buildup disappeared and my gums are much healthier. 
Greed and power will make people do unthinkable things. 
Go Texas. 
Can't have a gun that big smacking you in the face when you fire it. That's how you lose a second eye. 
Thank you, Texas. Society needs to prevent these kinds of idiots out of politics. It's bad enough our PotUS is top-idiot. 
Holy Jesus, that looks amazing.
Beautiful. You gonna get that framed?
I bought the same things when I bought that figure too, mostly to fill out the thighs. Still, it really irritates me that Hasbro now makes TFs with hollow joints like that. Partly the reason why I don't support their TF lines like I use too.
No, please keep him as far away as possible.
Certainly turned out better than MP-09. The fishing rod accessory is what really seals the deal. 
This is why there will never be another Elvis.
Hell yes. I've done it before and I'd happily do it again just to save myself the 30-minute commute. 
So what else is needed to prove that T_D needs to shut down?
Destiny 2. "New" features that are actually old features from Destiny 1, and are locked behind a DLC paywall. 

Seriously though, this was only one of a hundred complaints regarding D2. A complete clusterfuck of a game. So bad, that I've completely stopped supporting Bungie entirely. 
Looks neat, but give it time and we'll see this same thing be offered by every other toy manufacturer out there.
Ugh, this makes me sick. 
Agreed. It's way too busy.
Nice to see Madonna hasn't lost her touch or her senses.
Looks like Cindy Lauper, which isn't too far off from what Janine looked like herself. 

What really kills me, is that I saw a MOC Lifeline at a grocery store several years ago sitting in a clearance bin for $3.00 and I declined to buy him because I thought i was done with GI Joe. 
I'd prefer to stay in the past, thank you. 
Cable was sold out as of an hour ago. Message I got was "insufficient inventory to fulfill this order."
That looks infected. 
Man, unless you're saving up for a kidney transplant, I'd change my mind. 
Gypsy Kings have a song called "A Mi Manera". I haven't the faintest clue what they're singing, but it sounds somewhat familiar, and sounds beautiful. 
Cry more?
The sound of T_D banning their own members. It's a complete shit storm over there... well, larger than usual, that is. 
This puts the SWB6 Yoda to shame. 
Anytime big clouds come rolling in, I can't help but admire the beautiful skies we have out here.
That is an amazing transformation. But I'd recommend you get that mustache back ASAP. You can go swashbuckling for wenches with that and be quite successful. Congratulations. 
Could be worth it. Unless you're really hard on your brakes, 30K seems way too soon to have a break job done. 
So ugly that it's awesome. I need this. My Darth Vader coffee mug needs to be retired anyways. 
Was your first car a Lamborghini? First girlfriend a fashion model? 
Just like the Millennium Falcon - there's no steering wheel. 
They shoot up schools and churches. 
If you don't mind sharing, how much did you pay? My max is about $30.00 for hard-to-find Joe's. I paid $27.00 for a Anniversary  v7 Lifeline just last month. He was missing the rifle and board unfortunately, but it was better that than paying the $50.00 that he normally sells for.
5.6??? Holy shit, I have difficulty holding onto more than 100K. 
As a newbie, this excites me. So what else is offered at this Tenno Con? Sorry to ask, but I can't access the eurogamer or WF site links from work. I'm generally clueless as to what this is. 
I find it odd that you're having to replace your brakes at 30K miles. My Hyundai Veloster Turbo has 82K and the dealership is only now 
recommending I have the breaks replaced, and this car is driven daily.

I'm looking for brake pads too. I'm more interested in finding the type that will reduce most brake dust. 
These two assholes deserve each other.
The closest I've come to something like this was when the LA Philharmonic performed the various Looney Tunes music at the Hollywood Bowl while the cartoons were playing on the big screen. That was amazing. I couldn't even begin to imagine how great your moment was. 
You're a good human. 
For Infinity War, I hope they reshoot Thanos back into his goddamn proper costume. Currently, he looks like he just strolled out of his bathroom from a late night piss. 
I'd rather have a subscription that service over what they offer now. I'm watching less and less of Netflix over the past few months. 
I'm a bit late on this report, but I finally saw the band perform live in Las Vegas - and what a trip it was. Our room at the Rio got upgraded to an executive suite located on the top floor of Epinema tower. Got to watch people zip line between the buildings in our downtime. 

The show on Saturday night was exciting as hell. I had seats on the top balcony, couldn't believe how close to the stage I felt. Royal Blood was great, so much that I bought their first album. Very impressive for a two-man band. When QotSA started, the room  just shook with screams and excitement. Thank God for the ear plugs. Even with them in, I couldn't get over how loud it was. Josh had his moments of talking about love, and dicks, and two guys fighting in the front. You can tell he really enjoys touring.

The wife bought me a t-shirt and poster. She was somehow able to sleep through a part of the concert despite the noise and my bobbing around. She's not really a fan, but bless her for making this trip happen. 

My only downpoint was this young lady who felt it was necessary to stand in front of me during the first three songs. I asked her nicely if she would sit down so I could see the show. She just looked at me and said, "No". I tapped her on the shoulder and asked her again. This she says, "I don't want too." I glanced at her boyfriend, he rolled his eyes and told her to sit down. She never got back up after that. So a thank you to that unknown QotSA-bro who did the right thing, because I was about to complain to security. 
I screamed like a teenage girl at a Beatles concert when this song was played in Vegas. 
Fuck. Pneumonia's almost a guaranteed killer at that age. My Dad is 75 and barely survived his own just a few weeks back. It was so bad he had to have surgery. Stay strong, Stan. 
Reach Firefight. I forget the name of the map, was an ice stage, where they'd throw a shit ton of Hunters at you. That was some chaos. 
I'm a staunch believer of opening your toys, especially Masterpiece. But I'd absolutely leave that G1 Soundwave sealed as-is. It's my dream to own one myself since was my very first TF.
That will be a global tragedy. 
It must suck to sit at a table with those hanging out of your mouth constantly. 
I so regret not picking up Shadow Tracker when he was clogging the pegs at Target. Today, he's stupidly expensive. 
Goddamn, that is sexy. Although mine's not a signed print, I can't wait to have my poster framed. 

What's the dimensions on the frame?
I don't know the exact measurements, but yes, it's a tall, thin poster. 
Nah, this is great. Thank you very much. 
Those colors are inspiring. I was thinking of using a red frame and black matting, but maybe the opposite would be better? I have the Las Vegas poster that I'm hoping to have framed soon. 
I think they're implying that ...Like Clockwork is stealing Villain's thunder? 
I'd welcome that just as much. Thank you. 
Love that the Voltron Lion Bots looks like they just kicked Black Lion to the curb. 
Scottsdale Road is filled with great restaurants. I would recommend checking out Old Town Scottsdale for an evening, there's plenty of places to eat and drink.

Just be forewarned: Scottsdale PD heavily monitors the area for drunk drivers. 
I use to own this bed set. My grandfather bought it for me when I was 8. Always thought it was weird seeing the colors bleed outside of the lines. 
Exactly why I'm more interested in owning a Revo Captain America over anything Hasbro offers. Magneto looks tits too. And I'd love to have a Revo-Juggernaut. 
Now wiggle your little toe. 
Seriously. If I did buy Destiny 3, my guardian would wake up from a terrible dream, then would relax his mind by playing Warframe. 
"Concerned". People should be fucking downright scared by this point. 
That, and syndication reruns of Gilligan's Island, Happy Days, Laverne & Shirley, and Andy Griffith. Once 2pm hit, it was nothing but glorious, heavily commercialized 80's cartoons for the next five hours.
That was sweet. Never heard or seen this before, and I'm also a huge Boingo-head.
Seriously. There's a point where I believe people just need to be told to shut the fuck up and go watch something else if you can't handle it.
I do. [February 16th, Las Vegas](https://www.setlist.fm/setlist/queens-of-the-stone-age/2018/the-chelsea-las-vegas-nv-43ee334f.html). 
That's what it looks like to me. 
I'm with you on this. This book will be cancelled before it can reach #12. 
That was such an amazing moment. Just one of the reasons why TWS is still my #1 MCU film. 
Not me. I remember KB Toys Store discount bins being filled to the rim with these gimmicky action figure crap, though I recall Batman being the biggest offender. 
When stopping at a stop light where there's a crosswalk, stop the car BEFORE the crosswalk, not IN the crosswalk. Not only are you making it easier for drivers who are making right turns safer, but also safer for people who use the crosswalk. 

I know this sounds like common sense, but the number of drivers I see who stop in the crosswalk that I see on a daily basis tells me this isn't so common. 
Love me some DMC4 Dante. That's a beauty. 
Yup. The wife never asks for flowers, but on occasion I will buy her some to special-up her day. I can get a fresh dozen red roses at Sprouts for $8.00. 
Not sure I've heard of anything more stupid than this proposal. Oh wait, Trump is POTUS. No wonder. That's the fucking world we live in now. 
That's beautiful. I'd plat for this. 
or playing golf every single weekend.
Why not?
If the school was on a golf course, maybe. 
Resident Evil 2. I heard Capcom's working a REMake edition, but no date has been announced yet.
I need to catch up to this phase. I don't worry about death, but I'm mighty upset about my recently receding frontal hairline. 
How many consecutive failures is this for the Orange One?
That would make flying incredibly difficult for Falcon, but it looks neat. 
My wife and I have been residents in Phoenix for over 10 years now; here's what I can tell you.

1. How is it? We love it. Pretty peaceful place, not too noisy, not too expensive, and best of all not dirty like Los Angeles (from previously).

2. Depends on the family. For me, it's just myself and the wife but everyone around us seems pretty happy. 

3. Can't say, but my co-workers tell me some good things. The worst aspect of the schools that I hear about is the lack of teachers available. 

4. Depends on the neighborhood. North PHX and onward is fantastic, our neighborhood is quiet, friendly respectful of others property. Tempe's kinda trashy in some parts. Scottsdale is where all the rich go to party. Only been to Tucson once and I wasn't impressed.

5. Scorpions can wander in, and they're actually much smaller and harder to see than I expected them to be. I have three cats so scorpions aren't a problem in our house. The only one you have to worry about is the [bark scorpion](https://www.tripsavvy.com/types-of-arizona-scorpions-2683030), but they won't kill you. 

6. Very hot. 2017 was our warmest yet. It's take time getting adjusted to the warm nights. As for the cold? We just finished a cold snap that took us into the low 30's at night and 60's during the day. I love it myself, and the weather outside has been absolutely beautiful. 

7. The only hospital experience we have is with Mayo and have had no complaints. Expensive, but it's worth it. 
Definitely. Sony was better off just waiting to release the trailer until they inserted a small reveal of the actual character, even a glimpse. 
It's intentionally creepy, and I love it. 
An excuse to repaint and sell the same mold.
He's a Wholesome Frame.
Very nice. You should contact Ryan Reynolds via social media and see if he would autograph it.
I agree. I'd love to see him appear in the IW film somewhere.
I like the creative renditions, like figure in a natural environment or enhanced backgrounds. The usual "look what I got" is boring because most everyone here buys the same thing. I also appreciate photos of older figures that we don't much of often. Classic Star Wars and Transformers, Micronauts, GI Joe, etc.
Certainly would. I'm hoping both parts are 150 minutes long and shown back to back some day.
Autobots down. I repeat, Autobots down.
Why does anyone dislike anything? We all just have different taste. Personally, I think Battery Acid is one of the best songs on the album.
Wake me when they've grown wings.
I say give the seller one more opportunity and ask him to personally verify the contents of your next replacement and that they personally watch the package until it goes into the carriers hands. If they're unwilling to do that, then you can probably assume they are defrauding you. 

At that point, leave a negative review and go buy from another seller.
Wait, he's gay? And speaking on Fox?? Go Shep.
It amazes me that Fox hasn't fired or tried to pressure him out of his job. He's the only piece of integrity that they own. 
Keep those shortcuts, my friend. One day it will pay off. 
This. PG was a life changing album when I was a kid. Can't tell you how many times I listened to Kashmir.
You are correct. 
Today, it's more like, "I had to grow up, I'm a Toys R Us kid, there were a million toys to play with but their stores all closed because of the terrible prices..."

This is sad thing though. That store was a huge part of my childhood. Man, arcades are gone. Toy stores are disappearing. What's next? 
Aside from all the Wolverine love, I'm digging the Juggernaut vs. Howard the Duck chase at bottom center. 
LOL. How high were you when this thought rolled int your head? 
That's disturbing. 
Yeah, I'm in the same boat. Riot turned out incredibly well (minus the two left-hand guns that mine came with), and I'm already eager to add Furor to the collection ASAP. RIBFIR!!!

If you get the chance, do yourself a favor and add [RMX-01 Jaguar](https://tfsource.com/ocular-max/rmx-01-jaguar/) to your collection to balance them out.
I started with Halo:CE but not until Halo 3 was just about to be released, and stopped at Halo 4. 
OMG, I've been looking for this edition since I was 12 years old. PM sent.  
Now if only Pat Robertson would kick off soon, the world would be in a slightly better place. 
Holy shit, something that I actually agree with for once. Too bad he's too spineless to actually do it. 
No bicep joints was the primary reason I didn't buy these figures, as much as I wanted them. 
My G1 and Masterpiece Transformers collection. I guess it helps that my wife loved them growing up, so she doesn't get on me about buying expensive toys. But as long as the bills are getting paid, who's to say I'm too old for this?
Same feeling here. While the individual characters might not have been as desired as the typical Marvel character, just look at how great of an accomplishment BAF Pitt was. I help onto that figure until just last year and he still sold for $200.
Beautifully said, TJ. One caveat I'd like to add are two items to your list of "how does Hasbro debut Marvel Legends"

* They dropped the detailed backdrop stage displays

* They accelerated the chase/variants figures

That is goddamn beautiful. 
I got goosebumps just from you mentioning that part of the song. There's something strangely comforting yet terrifying about that part of the song for me, and it's that kind of sensation that makes 'I Appear Missing' the albums very best song (and that's a little hard to admit because I fucking love 'I Sat By The Ocean'. 
To this day, I'll take Paul Mount Smith's interior and cover work over most artists. Clean lines and great detail work without all that line hatching that's so common today. 
Yes, please. 
This aggressive move towards cartoon accuracy is exactly what's pushing me to buying more 3P products. If this is what's truly being focused on for this new OP, I don't see myself supporting it. Besides the fact that the price point is probably going to be close to $200.00. 
I suppose if you need to block a doorway to prevent others from getting to you, yeah. I guess I just always found him kind of lame. 
Since when was Blob considered awesome?
Ah hell, I doubt even I would unbox them if they were that difficult to obtain. 
Whaaaat?? I didn't know these existed. You are going to post an album with those out of the box, right? ðŸ˜‰
The Rebel Cruiser going Kamikaze.
Was the second best part of the entire film.
Good. Now if Trump could just lose access to his position as POTUS then the entire world will be better off. 
I really need to replicate this. This is excellent. 
Then what was Snoke? 
Did you get that out of a fortune cookie? 
Okay, almost Sith. 
They look bad ass, but they couldn't stop a single rookie Jedi from tearing them apart. She did have assistance from a Sith, but these guards still got wrecked. 
Certainly not living up to your username. 
Definitely my lack of ambition.
That they can do what I wish I could. I tried snowboarding once, spent the entire lesson and rest of the day on my ass. On skis, I can go for hours. 
Holy shit, I haven't seen this in ages. My best friend during junior high had one of these hanging on his bedroom wall. 
Sure sounds like it. It's long over due. 
SFA Gouki is out already? 
My opinion of it changed greatly after the first month. I didn't like much of it when I first heard it, today it's in my Top 5 QotSA albums.
I'm with you on this. I'm possibly considering this car in 2020, and none of these standard colors excite me what so ever. The orange they used for the SEMA model is what I'd want.  
And how did it go afterwards?

I turned this one one Sunday morning after a difficult night of sleep. My wife cuddled with me on the couch and recited most of the show while sipping coffee. God I love this woman. 
You sanded and chromed the Chiefs visor. Very nice.
Have to agree. While I may not like her as an actress, she's certainly got that 90's Rogue look.
Moved the hell away from California to Arizona.
I'm pretty happy with my MS Magneto, but that Bishop is a must have.
Oh sweet.
I bought their first album off Amazon MP3 as soon as I got back to our hotel. Haven't listened to it yet though.
Hell yes.
Agreed. Everytime I was forced into one of those flashback missions, the less I wanted to play the game.
You fucking deserve that moment. Good man.
Exactly. Leave all the normal corniness and plot holes, just gimme a straight cg remake.
In reporting from floor 20 of the Rio. Waiting for the wife to finish getting ready. Luckily were across the street from the Cosmo. I'm not that interested in the opening act, so I don't mind  strolling in after 7.

Edit: Holy shit, Royal Blood is actually pretty good especially for a duo.

Edit: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.... I'm finally here!!!

Edit: THE POSTER IS SWEET!!!!!
I'd love to see a picture of Tracks, please.
Probably my Costco RID Prime/Magnus 2 pack.
Perhaps we can get a live action remake of the 86 movie?
Getting rid of Bay was a step in the right direction. If they can get the robot designs to better remember their counterparts, then I'd be happy.
The fuck is wrong with people today?
Yes, please. This a million times.
I lost it at that orange. 
I watched that movie on acid once. Totally amazing experience albeit a little frightening at times.
You think that was great? Wait until you hear Dark Side of the Moon. Have some headphones for that adventure.
Up next, Siva Cabal.
Tomorrow, Las Vegas. I wonder if I'll get any sleep tonight?
I absolutely love the animation of this series, but OMG the writing is so bad. 
Wait, consumable? That's how you use them? I thought it was a bug that they didn't show up as a skin. Well shit, yeah I agree with OP. Just make it a skin. As a consumable is silly. 
As soon as I get home, sure. 
Huh. And here I thought they couldn't look any cheaper than the most recent Prime series of toys. At some point, Hasbro's going to sell a ball of blue and red plastic and call it Optimus Prime. 
True. I mean, I could have given the Imgur link because I did document the process - mostly because of the custom box I made to go with it. 
Piece of shit president in a shit hole country. 
"I prefer little girls with pussies I can grab."
She's not wrong.
One of the voice recordings said, "I want to eat your brains." Back in the early 90s when it was released, some parents group got upset that toys aimed at children (who were really young adults) were saying such things. The TRU I worked at hat summer had us pull the toys from the pegs. I bought one thinking I had a gold ticket for a later time. 
Looks like any other G1 Jetfire though. 
Congrats on Phoenix. Absolutely love mine, but I still can't believe FansToys settled on that terrible box art.
Nice! I restored my wife's original Jetfire about 5 years ago as a Valentine's Day project and it turned out really nice - but her's didn't have that extreme of yellowing. I bought a loose copy with no parts so I could swap out the tail wings that were broken, and slowly purchased the armor pieces until it was complete. [Reprolabels](https://toyhax.com/for-g1-bots/1195-labels-for-jetfire.html?search_query=jetfire&results=8) completed the rest of it. 

Hope yours turns out just as well. 
That's the think I do like about NECA. They' don't usually skimp on the accessories and thoughtful additions that make the toy all that much better. Unlike Hasbro who's like, "Hey, here's the 700th version of Luke Skywalker in Tatooine wear - now with a floppy hat."
Damn, and it looks like it's in perfect condition too. I remember owning the electronic voicebox version that caused a slight uproar among parents thinking I'd be rich if I kept it for 20 years. Nope. Sold it a few years later for $20.00.  
If you're a fan of pop culture comics and movies, look up "Because Science" with Kyle Hill. He takes an educated, scientific examination of topics that range from geekdom to finally settle many arguments - all with fantastic hair. 
It's been so long since I've watched that film, I completely forgot about those. Thank you. 
I recognize everyone except the human-head/dog creatures. What movie was that from again? 
This has got to be the most accurate description of Bungie's balancing process that I have ever read. 
Damn, it totally does. 
You are correct. 
MMC's Riot just arrived. What a great addition he. Tremendous quality, great detail, and I love the battery operated pile drivers. 

Only problem, he came with two left-hand guns. If anyone happens to have two right-hand guns, shoot me a PM. Otherwise I'm hoping TCP will get me a replacement. 
No One Knows How Much I Like Donuts. 
See, now that's how I want Thanos to look like in the movie. 

From what they've shown so far, he looks like he's strolling into battle in shorts and sleeveless T shirt. 
Good. Hopefully the Dems can flip things around and get control the Senate and the House and boot this corrupted fuck out of office so he doesn't try to steal a second term. 
When they were first offered? $80.00. 

I bought mine from a board member at a TF forum for $125.00. The highest I've seen is $150.00.
Maybe he's just camera shy?
That's a beautiful sight. 
He's busy enough paying off porn stars.
Because some people think any kind of criticism is negative. I also look at these toys from packaging perspective since I was did that for a short time. 

That font is almost like a place holder that was waiting for approval and they either missed it, or forgot to change it when it went into production.
That's an odd font for Diamond Select to use for that Hulk packaging.
By a seller that has a store on Amazon, not Amazon themselves. 
You left when it was just getting good, IMO. 
Same here. After 343 took over for Halo 4 and MCC, I was done with Halo. Long Live Reach. I loved that game. 
Enjoy your new addiction. The hardest thing about using Reprolables is knowing when you do and do not need them. I've bought stickers for almost all of my Masterpiece figures. 
I wish one of those animations was throwing a ball and the Kubrow would chase it. 
Ah, thank you. 
What am I looking at exactly? Are these all different music app services running?  
Had someone told me a year ago that I wouldn't be playing Destiny, I would have told them they were insane. 

I went from spending my afternoons after work and most all my free time on weekends playing Destiny 1, to uninstalling Destiny 2 and applying most all that free time into an entirely different game all in the span of 4 months. Running raids weekly, playing crucible and running strikes daily, waking early on Friday's to check Xur's inventory, buying Destiny books, merchandise and collectibles stopped (I have 3 Mega Block sets that I have zero interest in building now) - all that desire has vanished because of how Bungie's FUBAR'd D2. Makes me a little sad inside because I never thought I'd ever stop supporting Bungie. I've been loyal to them since Halo CE. 
No clue. 
Can confirm, but also forget the channel. Had that damn theme song stuck in my head for 2 weeks.
I enjoyed the film. The setup was fairly predictable, but for me this movie felt like what the Blair Witch Project should have been visually - especially the monster. 
You could just buy this [ugly thing](https://www.ebay.com/i/112801076262?chn=ps) for some parts. 
https://www.ebay.com/itm/Official-New-Queens-Of-The-Stone-Age-Complete-14-Card-Set-1-Foil-Card-Stickers/162885691395?hash=item25ecbe6803:g:MfIAAOSw5Ztadnv0

Looks like 14 cards total.
That gun dropped for me numerous times. I did get a good roll, just forget what it is exactly, but I hated using that weapon. It just felt so weak. 
MS Colossus fits that bill. 
If you think that Sabretooth fits great with ML, then you really need to upgrade your Juggernaut as well. It makes  world of difference. 
In exchange for some kind of tax break for the retailer, I think this should be something all grocery stores should be doing. 
Love that chibi Grimlock, but not the price.
The Taniks Strike MIssion. Man, I played that mission so many damn times hoping for the cloak to drop for me, and I loved each attempt.  
Believe me, she'd prefer if it stopped. 
I'm 100% with you, OP. The difference in communication between DE and Bungie is worlds apart. And nerfing? Nah, these people don't know a nerf until they've played Destiny Y1.
Can't say for certain about the Alien, but the Predator certainly is McF.
This will look amazing on my phone.
My best Christmas ever was finding both planes under the tree. Thanks for memories. ðŸ˜
Simple demand. Process usually go up on books that are no longer in print, especially if they're special editions like this.
I was seeing some copies around $55-$70. New were much more. 
Well, while it's not out of print, it's certainly not sold on retail any longer. And at twice the cover price average, it fits my definition because it was unattainable for me at that price.
If you desire it enough, certainly. And I have one by the way.
Nothing wrong with letting the missus know what really gets you excited. ðŸ˜‰
Scored this off Amazon for $32.00 ($18.00 less than retail, now averaging $100.00 new) and it's in excellent condition.

[Bonus display photo](https://imgur.com/8Fj2Jig) once I'm done reading this badboy.
If my Photoshop skills were what they were 15 years ago, I'd totally shop some flames and triple exhaust pipe on that.
That's a sexy boxed Blitzwing. How much was that, if I may ask?
That's almost what I hear as well.
I don't think you are. The voice is so distorted and synthesized so without reading a lyric sheet, I'd never have known this. I could swear it was "my feet on the ground" but my hearing isn't the greatest.
Glad to hear it. QotSA is one of those bands that can consistently produce top tier albums while their sound changes from one to the next. I think Josh could produce a country album and is still love it.
Pretty ambitious for your first attempt, and it paid off. This is great.
That is sick. I wonder how many helmet redesigns the artist went through before they said, "fuck it" and went with the hood?
So for the newbies like myself, what does this do exactly?
They did release a limited yellow, but that's not what you see in the background. What you see there is the [GT Federation](https://www.carthrottle.com/post/we-cant-decide-which-of-these-sema-kia-stinger-gts-we-like-most/) designed by Air Design USA. 

I can't afford that car, but I'd sure love for it to have that paint job.
It should absolutely be Casca, and it should be very, very personal. 
Congratulations, man. I saw that post on r/toyexchange and your reply, I was wondering when you were going to share your excitement. 
Now if only they'd release it in that color and style. 
Man, this is all sorts of perfection. How I miss JL's X-Men. 
I'm with you on that. Way over-designed. Even small details like that nose guard just looks weird.  
Nothing from Verizon US yet. 
Wow, that was a fast release. 
Hell yes, and still farting. Ask my wife, she'll confirm. 
I guess Eric Bana's just not Hulk enough for you?
Get fucked, Trump. Especially after the fact that Cadet Bone Spurs is a five-time draft dodger.
Anything about a release date?
I really wish MCU Thanos looked more like this. While this does look good, I don't know if I can replace my Marvel Select Thanos. Guess I'd have to see him in person first. If these are stocked in abundance like their Black Panther is, it won't be difficult at all to find one... or 40.
Perhaps [G.W. Bridge](http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/George_Washington_Bridge_(Earth-616)?
If this is your first attempt, I'd love to see how you progress in a couple years. Nice job!
Yeah, Besty Davos will never allow that to happen.
Looks damn nice, but IMO, the frames should be red as well. 

Still can't believe Hasbro didn't bother to include this head option. 
Not if he's a bigger flaming douche. 
Ah, that explains it. I haven't finished the campaign yet. Just unlocked Saturn last night. Thanks for the info.
Then they're even more special. Hold onto those. Not because their old, but for their sentimentality. 
And the government isn't going to do a damn thing about it either. 
I don't that can qualify as "not a big Star Wars fan" but you have the entire Kenner '77 first wave plus Boba Fett. This says you are, only you're very choosey. ;) I am envious. 
It may under warranty, but the dealership doesn't cover what they'd consider is abuse. If your bumper was falling off due to improper installation of parts related to that part of the car, the manufacturer would cover that. They won't usually cover instances where you pulled your bumper off because of something you did. 
She's a beauty. The foil reflection really makes a killer scene there, man. 
Exclusive mod? Where can or how I obtain such a thing? 
I played the hell out of that game. Jumping tail swipe ftw. 

And yes, do not open.
Will do. 

Man, I'm loving that I'm getting all these weapon suggestions in a non-Warframe subreddit.
The sheer popularity and demand that this line created is why we have NECA and so other manufacturers producing horror movie toys. 
Thing must be something really special to make him the last team member.
Is there a sticky or dedicated thread meant for game requests? 

I just discovered that after a certain mission I've yet to unlock, you have access to a private quarters on your ship and it can be decorated. A friend of mine invited me onto his ship to see this and I was blown away, I've been wanting this very thing from Destiny since Year 1 and its been ignored. 

I'd really love to have the ability to add weapon cases/racks to this room, or the empty walls of the ship. I'm wanting to communicate this to DE. 
Not only should tax returns be mandatory for future presidential candidates, so should IQ tests. 
How long has your communication gone unanswered? I've had a handful of problems with Reprolabels and they've always answered my questions fairly quickly. 
Open, dammit. Open!
As much as I want this film, I want Disney to slow it down on the Star Wars film releases. I'm afraid of getting burned out. 
Villains already felt like TVC2, so I can wait on that a little longer. 

What I'd like to see is a return to their earlier "robot rock" sound. And I'm not discrediting or down-talking Villains - it's a fantastic album.  
It's just a really low-effort attempt to tie it into that universe. 
I liked the movie when it was trying to be similar to Event Horizon. Then it shifted gears and decided that it wanted to be an action film instead, and that's where it lost me.

Can someone explain what the connection was with [the little girl, Molly?](#spoiler)
Wolverine can still open his hands with the claws out, but it does look funny in this context.
I haven't dived much into the lore yet, so I don't have much to comment on that aspect. But I do know this: in Warframe, all lore and its story can be accessed in the game menu. 

We all know that in D1, if you wanted to read the lore then you had to go to Bungie's website, and that angered a lot of the community. From what I hear today, Bungie has removed it all. They added lore to the exotics in D2, but from what I read, it seemed more like humorous conversation pieces than actual storytelling. 

From what little I have seen in Warframe, there's short description and/or story behind the creation and purpose of every enemy type, friendly, and unique object that can be scanned. One difference with Warframe's is how they provide an analysis of the enemies defenses and various weaknesses.

I can't imagine that it beats the quality level of the lore that Bungie creates though. That was some top-tier story telling. 
Makes me think the next army builder figures that Hasbro needs to tackle are the Hellfire Club soldiers. 
Okay, to be fair, Bungie's gun mechanics are hard to beat. But considering how those same mechanics don't work as well when you switch to melee, there's room to compromise.
Opticor's on my list after watching a video review on YT a few days ago. I haven't been lucky enough to nab that final blueprint for Mirage Prime, but I'll suggest this to my wife since she bought her. 
A broken-armed Megatron was all too common. :(
Volt will actually be ready for me when I get home. 
Sweet. I'll be making a dojo visit when I get home today. 
Missed opportunity not having the Rattler for back wings. 
You sound like me from 5 years ago. NOK introduced me to QotSA, and every album I purchased made me love them more and more. I'm seeing them perform for the first in Vegas in two weeks, told the wife I'll be throwing her panties at the stage.  
You had me at missile arrows. Can I purchase this directly through the Marketplace, or is this a weapon I have to build at the Dojo?
He will, someday. 
[Yet his beautiful wife congratulated and shook every Eagles players hand when she met them after.](http://ftw.usatoday.com/2018/02/gisele-bundchen-congratulated-every-eagles-player-she-saw-before-leaving-stadium)
First time I've heard of this weapon. I'll definitely check it out. 
Still my favorite card collection after all this time. 
Destiny is like a minimal-effort mobile game when compared to Warframe. 
I have such a difficult time unequipping twin grakatas. The sound they make, the damage output, that 200+ rounds in the clip. If those guns had a finger, I'd put a ring on it. 
Melee weapons are certainly more fun to use, but whoever told you that guns barely matter in Warframe is a stupid person. 
Because when compared to how little Destiny offers, Warframe is a superior game in every single way. It's not desperation, it's an awakening. 
I'm having so much fun in PvE that I haven't even considered looking at Warframe's PvP options.
I'm about to hit MR10 and I'm overwhelmed by the ridiculous amount of weapons that are still available to me right now. What's still Mastery locked is even greater - and not one of these weapons are a reskin.
Like his daughter?
No, Brady's straight up childish. You got it right the first time, it's just the butt hurt Pats fan who naturally defends his actions. Fuck Brady. He's probably still pouting about it even now.
Even better than that: Melania's having a bisexual tryst with Hillary. Guess who's wearing the strap on?
Or claiming how easy it is to "grab a woman by the pussy" because of who he is.
I really hope they play this in Vegas. 
Of course the WH passed on it. They going to allow it to happen in 2020 too. 
His only monument will be a 24K gold toilet. 
I wish Kaiyodo would go back and do so more of these. I have Starscream and Hot Rod, and they're just as much fun as these two are. There's a 3P that has produced a few others liek Soundwave, Shockwave, Sunstreaker and a couple others, but their prices are almost more than the cost of the official product. 
My Samsung TV did turn itself off. 
Definitely option B. If you're alone, then you're alone. But allowing someone to take advantage of you just so you don't want to be alone on some imaginary lovers holiday shows you (not you directly, OP) have no respect for yourself, and that other person has none for you either. 
No "probably" about it. This petulant child thinks a nuclear attack again N.Korea should be his first option.
Maybe they're British? 
The flag is a standard model option. It's even available for US models. 
No one out-turks the mighty Turkleton.
Sounds like you want Flagstaff, AZ.
I've got that set on my wishlist too. I was all aboard the Zeta Toys train for my MP Arielbots, until I saw this set and saw how much cheaper it would be and how it matches CW Devastator. 

Where from and for much much did you get yours?
Compromise, communicate, and treat that person the way you want to be treated yourself.  
Hands down, the Rattler was my #1 favorite Joe toy. I have the Anniversary release hanging from my ceiling. 
Calling Palin just "crazy" is being polite. That bitch was insane.
You are the reason everyone hates Pats fans. Your team played a hell of a game, and every play was fair and called right.
They probably will, but their back-to-back wins have finally ended. 
I'm neither a Philly or NE fan, but it was damn nice seeing the end of that dynasty. ðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™Œ
Dear Philly Fans, IF you win, please don't burn down your city during your momentous celebration.
Anytime someone talks shit about Cam Newton's fashion sense, I'll show them this proof that it could be a lot worse.
Thank you
Got a link to share? I'd loves to upgrade my own.
Me neither. I really hope he wears his helmet in the sequel, because he looks silly without it on.
ðŸ‘
He deserves to lose everything.
Very nice and clean collection. If I may make a suggestion though? [These two tier acrylic shelves](http://smalljoes.com/apex-action-figure-collectibles-display-case.shtml) perfectly fit the Detolf case and really make your collection"pop". You can buy them without the cover. I use these for my MP Transformers and they look fantastic.
I work early hours and tend to nap in my car during my 15 minute breaks. I can often get at least 12-10 minutes of sleep time don't this: 

Try to clear mind of distractions.

You know how sometimes you see those little microbe-looking things swimming across your vision? When you close your eyes, try to focus your vision on what's beyond those. 
Which means, "I have to get approval from Fox & Friends, and the gerbil that lives in my ass. His name is Sean Hannity."
We can leave it up to the competent story writers of the MCU to handle it. 
the way she was using that stick to stir her drink...
Who's the jealous idiot who's downvoting everyone for admiring OP's new purchase? How fucking childish can you be? 
What he represents and what he's done when pushed to his limit are two very different things.

It's fine to disagree with someone's idea, but asking people not to make their own suggestions simply because you don't like it is arrogant.  
This is the basic premise that I heard from a Youtube Channel called "Comics Explained", and I agree that what other better way is there to introduce the world's most powerful telepath than by making the world forget that mutants once existed. 

I also like the House of M idea, but I feel like that should come as a result later down the line from a mutant menace. 
Nice! 

How much are concert posters averaging? I'm trying to justify a shirt, a poster, and some of those cards for their Vegas show in two weeks.
Where in the world did you get this?

Edit: Nevermind, I found it.
I'LL CALL AN UBER. THANKS!
Was that intentionally lyrical?
I don't FB, but if they can get this somewhere near the west coast, my son and I would most certainly attend. 
THANKS. THE KILLS ISN'T THE PROBLEM, IT'S FINDING THOSE ASSHOLES AND FILLING MY SPACE NUG JAR. 
Be better if someone just removed Ryan altogether.
THANKS FOR THE SUGGESTION!! AFAIK, SATURN IS THE ONLY OTHER  GRINEER LOCATION THAT HAS HYEKKA MASTERS BUT I HAVEN'T UNLOCKED IT YET, BUT I HAVE SOME PALS THAT CAN TAKE ME THERE TONIGHT. 
YUP. VERIFIED SPACE JAR IS 100% EMPTY (no blue level). 
Democrats boo'ed a planted Russian puppet who's every word is lie. 
This is the same guy that said the GOP would never support a person like Donald Trump when the 2016 election campaigns started. Now, he's Trump's unwashed asshole. 
Samsung. Full customization, better functionality and dependability, the look of the phone changes frequently, and it's not an Apple.
Watched it a few weeks ago, pretty crazy film with a really simple revenge storyline. The SFX were really bad, but I wasn't expecting much with the budget that it had. I was hoping there would be some explanation for the tattoo on his head. 

It's available on Amazon Prime right now. 
Anything that has a Dodge or Ford emblem on it.
She just started her period.
[1963 Chevy Impala 4-Door](http://www.americandreamcars.com/1963impala4drsd080413.jpg) - not my picture, btw. I was almost 16 years old, bought it from our next door neighbor a years after the owner died for only $500.00. Ran like a dream. 
Progressive House music, with a touch of Metal. 
That was a great film. A tad predictable, but very fun to watch. 
Where's your other shoe?
I like it because it's everything that I wanted out of Destiny. Even when D3 is available a few years from now, I don't see myself going back because there's no way Bungie can begin to match what Warframe offers.  
This still hasn't been fixed??
Some people just have way too much free time on their hands. Do something constructive your lives. 
Lucky bastard. I have to wait 15 more days until mine is being prepared. It's like a slow roasting right now. 
**HYEKKA MASTER KILLS, WHY YOU NO FILL MY JAR????**

1. THE JAR IS GEAR EQUIPPED. 

2. THE SANDS OF INAROS MISSION IS SELECTED.

3. I FLY TO THE MARS EXCAVATION AND PLAY YOU FOR 45 MINUTES.  

4. THE SCREEN FLASHES BLUE WHEN I KILL YOUS.

MY JUG NO SHOW ANY KILLS WHEN I GET BACK MAH SHIP?!?
Man, I failed MR8 like 5 times.
I'm fine with Google tracking me. It's been very helpful. But fuck FB. I've never signed up for their services and I never will. 
I see the problem. There's no ball. Go find that dog a ball, and throw it. 
I do the same thing. My MP-10 is readjusted almost daily because I cannot find a good pose that doesn't already copy from another's in the same display. It's maddening. 
Excellent.
Man, you've got some really long forearms. 
I gotta admit it, but the McFarlane Destiny figures were such a let down for me. They looked great, but the articulation is so limited and all of mine have such difficulty holding their weapons. 
Thought I heard rumors on TWF2005 that Takara's planning on doing that version. Though I'm doubtful simply because of how focused they've been on releasing 'toon-accurate MPs. 
Don't care what anyone says: MP Ultra Magnus is perfection. How Takara engineered the cab and the rest of the transformation to fit into one solid robot mode was a huge accomplishment. 

Some day I'll get Sunstreaker. 
This is me almost every morning. I almost always wake up just 1-2 minutes before my alarm goes off. It's really just a safety measure for me now. 
Just needs two gems in the center. 
Does the unchecked "Go with the Flow" mean they didn't perform that song that night? I'd have a serious sad if they don't perform that song in Vegas. That song got me started. 
That's a pretty spectacular collection you have there. 

You should place a small area rug in front because you'll soon wear down the carpet because of all the time you'll spend standing there and taking it all in. 
I'll clap when these assholes are in jail where they belong. 
Yeah, I enjoyed Laundry Day, but generally disliked the film because I didn't think TJane played a convincing Frank Castle. He was too handsome and slender. To me, FC is a brute. Someone who you could take one look at and say, "hate to run into that guy in a dark alley." Stevenson fulfilled that look perfectly, but it was the overacting and ridiculousness of the villains that hurt that movie so much. 
I'm not saying he is. I'm saying that's my problem. 
Maybe she's blind?
PM (again)
Yuck. No thanks. 
I'd be grateful for reusable blueprints for these items OP mentioned. They may not be commonly used, but often enough that spending 30K credits is making me not want to build those items. 
Easily. 
[This might be helpful](https://www.samsung.com/us/support/answer/ANS00076760/). 
Wow, those look terrible. 
IMO, they took all the fun out of the interior and slapped a tablet in the middle. I love the look of the sloping curves and sharp angles of the '13-17 VT. Hell, they even removed the inner door handle which I prefer. 
I believe you were saying something about "best intentions."
I've never been able to justify the jump from one to phone to the very next version. Primary, it's the cost. But it's also because I don't believe the processing or resolution variations are so broad that it will make any kind of difference in my life. 
The villains sucked, but the rest of the movie including Ray Stevenson as Frank Castle was the best Punisher film to date. 
Wow, I couldn't tell how badly Frank fucked up his face in the show, but this is pretty brutal. 
The film definitely needs a retelling.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Rocketeer_(film)

Now google this: jennifer connelly rocketeer
Exactly the reason why I bought those.
I really wanted this set, but couldn't justify the cost for only three Mousers. So I cheated and bought the Playmates 10-pack from TRU for $7.00. They may be smaller, but now I have three times as many, and in three different colors.

Now if I can just get my hands on a NECA Red Shredder without it costing em $100.00.  
Don't get your hopes up. People also thought it would cool to see Osiris. 
She was even sexier in The Rocketeer, which in itself was a pretty damn cool film. 
> Mr Trump has long bemoaned the practice as a means for terrorists and "truly evil people" to enter the country. 

Yeah, those terrorists and "truly evil people" are already in the United States. They're not foreign, their domestic and called white national extremists. He should know them because they support him. 
Goddamn, that is sweet.
Jean's been doing some squatting. 
I only had him for a day before I took it back, but it was Omnigonix Spinout aka MP Sunstreaker. The feet fell apart right out of the box, the front wheels were held on a by a really, really tiny screw and would fall off if you turned them, and the chest refused to tab in so the head would fall into the body. He was on clearance for $60.00, and I understood why. 

I did own Tracks at one time as well, but I sold him off. He wasn't really up to par with the Masterpiece quality I expected, and I believe that's partially because of the focus on making him "toon accurate". 
I'm almost considering buying someone's unwanted Marvel Select Cable just so this Cable will have more guns at his disposal. 
If you're a geek for things like comic books and sci-fi film, "Because Science with Kyle Hill".
Feedback for u/SMB73.
+1 for nekroman013. Great communication. The package arrived quickly and exactly as described. Will definitely be buying from again. 
Oh shit yes. My wife is going to squeak when she sees this. 
If it looks like a repaint, it's Marvel Legends. 
Unfortunately, yes. Our apologies.
Of course he doesn't. Not when he has quality resources like Alex Jones, Sean Hannity and National Enquirer/Faux News vomiting conspiracies all day long.
I've been using this app for years. Can't begin to tell you how many songs, albums and paid-apps I've purchased because of it.
It would have to offer me the same or more than what Warframe does currently. 
After being burned on my last few pre-orders, I've learned it's better not too. I'll buy any expansions if I want them. I don't really care about the packed in physical items, they usually stay in the box anyways. 
Other than that OR, this is a pretty weak series so far.
Oh sweet. And the tentacles are right. Thank you. 
If it works as well as my Note 5 did, probably not until the S10 or S11 is ready.
That Sabertooth is outstanding. What series was he from?

And seeing Omega Red again, I really hope Hasbro targets him for a resculpt in the near future. He looks tremendous, but his height bothered me and I hated the fact that his tentacles were lifted from the BAF Sentinel. 
Sweet mama jama.
Damn. IMO, these are worthy of print and wall frame. Beautiful work. Makes me even more excited for Vegas.
I was sceptical at first when I learned of Nero, but he turned out to be slightly more fun than Dante all due to that grab fist ability.
TWO CAT ENTER, ONE CAT LEAVE!
That's sweet! Now do Starscream!
Warframe. 100% free to play and has more depth, game types and options than most triple-A titles offered even today.
LOL.This was a weird conversation.
These are stupid people that are being slowly replaced by the next generation who are less susceptible to idiocy of this kind. "Have faith."
Just don't pop the calluses.ðŸ‘Œ
Good for Em. If you let your brainwashed, morally displaced political view outweigh something simple like your entrainment value, then your a shitty fan. Eminem will just gain more integrity and lasting respect by continuing to stand up for what's right.
You sir, are a master action figure positionist.
Just found my own new Windows background. Thank you.
That was absolutely the turnaround moment for Wolverine. 
I'm betting Storm will be as difficult to find like last years ML Cyclops was.
That may be, but Leader-1's entire lifespan lasted two seasons. 
That's a beautiful sight. 
Just when you'd think Trump couldn't be any more petty.
Same. That's the only figure I want from this wave. 
Now I can understand why you're being downvoted into oblivion. 
You do understand that bees are essential to the survival of every living thing around you, right? Bees are already considered an endangered species, and killing 50,000 of them because of of two juveniles poor decision making just makes it worse.  
I never said I was smarter. My opinion is based off 30+ years of driving experience. It always comes down to  paying attention. 
I don't care what the study says, it comes down to paying attention. If people paid more attention when they're driving, they wouldn't need to slam on their brakes. 
Aughra's way hotter, no contest. 
Yeah, I'd rather they keep red light cameras. I could see removing the speed cameras off the freeways. But red light cameras at intersections are what's catching these assholes who don't understand that yellow means "prepare to stop" not "speed up". 
There wouldn't be panic if they hadn't supported this criminal. 
> DRINK WHEN HE LIES!

There's not enough alcohol in the entire US to support that kind of rule.
It's a beautiful crack in the ground. 
Then why is Trump always looking so unhappy?
Jeffrey Lewbowski
Yeah, his over-saturation during the 90's made him difficult to tolerate, as much as I love the Cannuck. 
That would be a Day #1 plat purchase for me. 
What's that red squiggly mark I see in pic# 9. Is that a print error?
The only two stores in my area are closing. Sad to see them go, but they did it to themselves by not pricing themselves to be competitive, and by not stocking product often enough.
Because Fox News doesn't do "common sense", it brainwashes. 
After migrating from Destiny 2 myself, I'd love it people like Datto and My Name is Byf started covering Warframe. I understand how difficult it would be to compete against other already deeply established content creators who have been with Warframe so long now, but the more coverage the better IMO.
One of the greatest comedy skits of all time. 
How To Handle A Rope??? AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! I hope they make little adjustments to this playlist come Vegas. I love this song as much. 
The movie itself is what should bother you, not the title.
The only thing that holds this figure back is some articulation that's badly needed. Even still, this is my Juggernaut.
This post again?
A very slight raise. 
I miss walking into the toy isle of Target or TRU and finding these on the pegs. 
It's not hard to guess what his impression of China is. 
First time I've heard this opinion. Not saying you're wrong, but when Reach was first active, Forge Mode was heavily disliked because of the lack of environment building that were offered. All gray metal walls, which was far, far less than what they offered in Halo 3. 

Did 343 add new construction items to the Reach forge mode for the re-release?
T_D should be seeing a drop in subscribers soon then. 
Always neat to go back and compare the originals with the new. I use to display my G1 Transformers with my TF Masterpiece, character to character but I ran out of space so quickly I had to discontinue that.
Psylocke's got some hips. Damn. 
Couldn't agree more. 
What a cock. I guess common decency gets wiped away with multiple SB wins.
Can't believe you're being downvoted. I just watched this on Netflix and I was incredibly disappointed. Loved the first film, but TGS was a truly horrible film. 
I was very happy with Michael Keaton as The Vulture. The costume designer did a great job of taking a really weird costume and making it functionally realistic, and Keaton was convincing as bad guy who was given a reason to be just that.
White national terrorists will be White national terrorists. At least they can all be reported and perma-banned.
Thank you. Has it been another year already? 
Something colorful and on clearance probably.
Actually, my Dad did this during this past Christmas. My gift from him was my 7/8th grade school yearbooks that I thought were lost forever. I saw friends faces, names and signatures from almost 30 years ago. Made me realize I had way more girlfriends back then than I remembered.
What the hell? Most kids that age are still trying to figure out how not to trip over their own feet when they walk. That's amazing.
Frame them. They'd make some cool bathroom wall art.
That's pretty sweet. It's not often I see Dazzler fan art, and this is really well done.
Nicely done.
That doc was crazy-long, and I enjoyed every minute. My Dad had their albums running almost on repeat when I was a kid. 
Glad to see he's turned his life around.
Whoever thought that launching PvP with only two game modes, should have been told to leave the conference room and never come back.
Cool reload, but I wants those Spawn themed gauntlets.
Outstanding work.
Transformers the Movie, 1986. The only Transformers movie to date, as far as I'm concerned.
It was certainly weird. Hard and edgy, while wearing make up and high heel boots.
They still can be. Just use this experience to help understand that even the best developers can make bad decisions, then avoid that path at all cost. 
Contact them.
Clearly you're not from Gen X. 
80's metal was about rebelling against everything that basic society found comfort in. What better way to do that then wearing clothing that made adults uncomfortable? And what better way to attract young minds that wanted to rebel themselves. 
"Disciplined". Fuck that. This asshole needs to be removed. 
Looks nice, but I'd completely remove the planet in the background. It's unnecessary and would move your image towards a truer minimalism. 
Crazy Trump supporters. 
Make sure you ask about it when you eventually buy your next car. If it's brand new, all dealerships will require it before leave the lot.
There definitely won't be any sign of this in the CM movie. It just depends on how quickly the MCU get to tell a X-Men story and what events will be involved. It would be a neat crossover event to see happen though, especially if Rogue is anything like she was in the Fox films. 
Welcome to everyday problems of the average adult. Best you can do is make a plan for yourself: find a decent paying job and keep it, stop spending on things you don't need, make promises to pay your debts and work on them slowly. Most of all, don't panic. You only make things harder on yourself. 
Dems will eventually gain control of the House and Senate because of Trump and the GOP's sheer insanity, then follow up with an impeachment and remove him from office and into a cozy jail where he belongs. 

If you're one of those Republicans that voted for Trump and now regret it, you should understand that it wil only happen if you vote Democrat to erase your mistake. 
That's two Doobie Brother posts created with in minutes of each other that I saw on my front page. What did I miss? Someone die? Was there a reunion announced? 
Imagine that. 
You can't lump all people together. There are those that do not trust law enforcement, and those that have not yet been screwed over by law enforcement. 
Their still trying to figure it out without returning to D1 random gun perks.
I think it's highly reasonable to think Ultron is alive and well in a digital format. Trying to eliminate something that's digital is like... well, consider that Beyonce has tried her best to rid the internet of [this photo](https://i.imgur.com/oyUfxWE.jpg). 
Somehow I can't imagine MCU Aunt May being that unreasonable. While she is his legal guardian, she has to recognize that she's incapable of protecting him from the threats that Peter's going to fight, whether she likes it or not. Taking away his Stark suit only makes his life more difficult, and I feel like she's the type that wouldn't do that to him.  
Sony's track record for making successful Spider-Man movies have really been lacking since 2007, yet they go ahead and plan a 3-film series that focuses on a villain and not Spider-Man himself. Bold move, Cotton. 
1. Because other players enjoy it. I know because I did when I played D2.

2. Because there is already so little game type options already, even reducing one game type would just put Bungie in an even worse position. 


This has been my life for the past 4 years. At most, I work about 2 hours a day while sitting for the next 6 chatting with co-workers and surfing reddit and a couple other sites. Long conference calls with the clients help speed the day by, but all I do is listen in. I'm making more money that ever before, have 120 hrs vacation per year, full medical/dental benefits and my contract is looking to be extended beyond 2020. 
The Drivers Manual doesn't come with an icon glossary? I find this really hard to believe. 
That is an amazing amount of denial.
Haven't come across that yet. My wife paid $80 for Prime Mirage and is still swimming in plat. 
Monev the Gale, produced by Kaiyodo Japan. He's about 8" tall, articulation is good, not great. But the paint and sculpt is off the charts, and the ammunition must be assembled bullet by bullet on both arms (and totally worth the effort). 
Uninformed is being kind. Downright retarded is accurate. 
Divorced? Nah. One will be killed or have their death faked and replaced with a clone: probably.
[These two](https://static.myfigurecollection.net/image/Wolfwood1300657676.jpeg) beautiful sonsofbitches many years ago. Still probably the craziest detailed sculpture work and paint I've ever seen on a toy, and they're almost 15 years old. 
People said the X-Men and FF will never be a part of the MCU. Look where we are now. I think this too will come true some day. 
What are they going to do? Cut off Rick's other hand?
>8D ~~~  (that's my best Chroma Dynasty impression at the moment) 
I'm still new to this game, but I believe in supporting the developer considering all they give us for free. Eventually I'll start to farm plat. 
Sorry, I won't support NE fan, no matter how adorable.
Please do. 
Thanks. And even though it is FTP, I've spent $80.00 to support the developer. After seeing the kick ass Dynasty skin pack for Chroma, how could I say no?
This. Call the number on the back of your card and ask if there's a time limit to the number of days/months that can pass before you can file a chargeback. For some (if this still stands, I've been out of the credit card industry customer service industry for nearly 7 years now), the policy is no-limits if the product was never received. 

If you haven't received it by now, you probably never will. 
Well, if that's what the customer ordered, then you delivered beautifully. 
Looks great, but I'm surprised you resisted the urge to flip the colors on one of them. 
Just looking at the responses here, it's easy to see that r/arizona is not super conservative. Occasionally, morons like DeadricJeep appear just to inflame others, but they should just be ignored.
Scares me to think that this kind of "therapy" is still even considered. Why can't we just let people live their own lives? 
Fuck me, that's beautiful. Got any more??
That widows peak on Beast. 
They sure don't make movies like that anymore.
I'll check this out later today. Since I don't the room in my Detolf to display an MP Astrotrain next to any of my Seekers, this shouldn't be a problem for me. That robot mode looks perfect. My only worry is an MP Blitzwing that may tower over him. 
Already on it. Warframe has been very good to me.
...the hell have I never heard about this one? He looks great! how tall is he? 
That looks slick. I'm curious what kind of upgrades Tony would have added to it, seeing that he's learned from what happened during his last tromp down that road.
I agree, the game is very overwhelming. It's taken some time to adjust, but once over that hill, I've found it immensely satisfying. The gun and movement mechanics have been tightened up but it's still not up to par with Bungie. 
Call whatever you want. I have +1,000 hours poured into D1, and they shit on their loyal fan base with D2. God knows I probably have twice as much time invested in Halo CE, 2, 3 and Reach. But if you want to act like a stalker and call bullshit, you can check the rest of my post history over the past 7 years and see a vast majority of my post history for Bungie's games are positive responses. 

I'm very angry with Bungie right now, and rightfully so. I'll choose when to be done, and I'll continue to voice my opinion in any way I want. Don't like it? Then downvote and move on. 

And no, I have no plans on going back to D2. I'm done with that game, but it doesn't mean I'm not interested in seeing how they fix this clusterfuck. In experiencing Warframe and everything it has to offer, yeah, I've forgotten that I need to free up some HD space so it might as well be D2 that gets uninstalled. 

Deuces, LOL. So edgy. Who's the karma farmer now? 
Currently sunny and 58-degrees in Phoenix, with a high of 72. It's going to be mid 70's for the next two weeks with some clouds. 

I might have to bust out my summer shorts and sandals. :)
Just because the game is a shit storm doesn't mean I can't add my opinion to it. I care about the future of the franchise. Bungie's been my #1 favorite developer since Halo:CE, so it pains me to see this happening. 

And if I wanted karma, I'd post my opinion in its own thread. My opinion is no different than most of the community. 
2006 Casino Royale.
I want to watch this series, but it being on Fox prohibits me from doing so. I'll wait until it's available on Netflix. 
That is fantastic. 
My son has outgrown his collection of 4" Marvel figures. So I placed them in ziplock bags, then into a plastic bin for storage. Some day, he'll dig it out and maybe thank me for holding onto them. 
Some large and reasonable assumptions, yes. My last faction rally was pure shit, described exactly as my assumption was. That's why it was my last faction rally and why I'm "piggybacking". If this game wasn't such shit, there wouldn't be so much hate for it. 
I'm not trying to shame you. I'm pointing out the basic flaws of this game that affect so many players. 
No clue. I've moved onto Warframe and I love it. It's everything Destiny should be. 
Exactly. None of this, "We're looking into it" response on their forums or r/DTG. You need to post an alert notice that appears in-game. This is why you have such huge communication problems, Bungie.
That's right, I forgot about that. But last I checked (last month), the only way you could is if you had purchased the ToO DLC - at least that's how it was from the Vanguards. Is that still the case?
> The 30 faction limit is also a stupid idea, its not like the economy in the game isn't completely broken for the people that would be doing more.

Especially given that the chance that when you turn in those token all you'll likely get is just another piece of unwanted armor or a weapon you've earned for the hundredth time.
Such a great figure. I'll be happy once I have "Mohawk" Storm and Psylocke next to her in my collection. 
I bought this for my wife as a birthday present. That was yesterday, and based on the number of pages she will read in a day, she'll be done with it by Friday.
I got about 15 minutes into Kingsman: The Golden Circle before turning it off. Does that count?
Any chance you can consider a mobile app for Warframe? I loved using your app service in D2, but I haven't touched it in the past month because I no longer play the game. But an app that would track the parts I need for Warframe's prime armor and weapons would be sorely desired. 
While I don't support this specific toy line, that's a pretty cool new feature. 
The community has been complaining about this for months now, and Bungie still repeats the same empty claims of "We're looking into this." 
>  I ended up with 80 tokens after just doing some milestones, some public events, lost sectors, pvp, and a couple strikes. Give Bungie the chance to speak up about the new weapons not dropping, and if the lost sector lockout was intentional or not.

And what did you get from those tokens? More unwanted shaders? A blue mod? Your fifteenth Better Devils HC? Maybe that Wings of Sacred Dawn that you received six times prior? Another piece of armor that you immediately dismantled? 

All you did was commit a few hours to this game and got nothing in return. Bungie's had their chance to speak up, and it was nothing but extended promises to make the game what it should have been from the start, only it's going to take another 9 months for it to happen.

These posts aren't dumb. They have a purpose, and its to remind Bungie that they fucked up - tremendously.
I haven't touched D2 in almost a month. I've been so happily absorbed into Warframe that I doubt I'll even be interested in D3. It's everything and more that I've ever wanted in Destiny. 

I've been meaning to uninstall D2, but it's so far out of my mind that I forget to do even that.
Pulp Fiction is my #1. But Django Unchained is a close second. 
No Rain by Blind Melon
Sodium Trooper?
Dammit, Cowboy. You're the reason I can't get this song out of my head now.
Its placement could have been better, but it's not enough to bother me.
So now Terminus Giganticus anytime soon, eh?
FoC would be a fantastic story to reboot the franchise with. 
https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/queensofthestoneage/feetdontfailme.html
Aww, that makes me sad. You know, by having them out, you never know what kind of new conversations and similar interest might be out there.
That's gotta be rough sometimes. 

But you know what the alternative is right? Strippers, booze and midgets. It could be worse. ;)
I hear the same thing from my wife from time to time. Like FansToys FT10 Phoenix. I was going to cancel my pre-order, but she told me we could afford it now, and because we both knew it would be more expensive later. 

Aren't reasonable women the greatest?
One of the reasons my wife doesn't hassle me about my collecting is because she was a huge TF fan growing up. When it came to Christmas and birthdays, she wanted Devastator, Soundwave, Perceptor and Jetfire, instead of Barbie or Strawberry Shortcake.

So having a collection isn't a problem for us, but she gets concerned when I start spending too much. I realized I spent almost $2K on new Masterpiece additions last year, and that's a bit excessive considering we're supposed to be buying our first home soon. I promised to reign it back this year. 
The game is very overwhelming at first. Understanding how mods worked, and the amount of resources/grinding needed to build an item was the hardest for me to accept. But now, I'm 100% hooked. I've forgotten all about Destiny 2 and really have no plans on going back for D3, because there is no fucking way Bungie is going to come close to accomplishing what DE has.  
I'd rather see an Obi-Wan film filled with stories about his own training by QGJ, and especially how to become a Jedi Force Ghost, over what adventures they could drudge up while he watching over Luke all this time. 
"Shit Hole Trump Park" sounds perfectly reasonable to me. 
Teddy desperately needs to learn how to draw fists.
Too bad they couldn't get all that added power without having to change the body style so much. I am not a fan of this new look.
Looks like they're trying to mate the Veloster with a Honda Civic. I'm not liking this new design either. The front grill is ugly, the black beams on the top. The fog lamps are gone, and the interior design has lost that sharp, edged look that I love.

Oh well. It's not like I was considering getting another VT anyways. It's either the Kia Stinger or Telsa Model 3 for me next. 
Speaking of changing the notification color, can anyone here recommend an app that allows me to customize the colors and not have ads? I checked the Play Store and every one I looked at comes with built-in ads. 

This explains Trump fan base. 
Weird Al Yankovic
Kenner C3PO was my first SW toy when I was a boy. I was 3 years old.
If you're on mobile, long press and it should give you an option to save the image. If you're on a PC, right click and save.
And even if they did fight, Wolverine would win. It would be a hell of a fight to see, but Matt's only human.
Holy shit. Panthers fan here;  just wanted to say congratulations the Vikings. That was an amazing throw and even more amazing catch. I'll be rooting for you. 
I use hardcover books and TPB comic books for my backgrounds.
I regret not picking up one when TRU had him on clearance for $20.00.
The Grunt Party effect was the best ever.
OG BWTM2 Optimal, or is this the 3P version? Hard for me to tell from that angle.
1. Identify your priorities. Rent, food, phone bill, etc. Once those are taken care of, only then go to step #2.

2. Understand the difference between want and need. 

3. Don't let scalpers take advantage of you. If you think it's more than you're willing to spend, then don't.
Will a mod please ban this troll?
Followed with a thumbs down, I hope.
Just another month and I finally get to see them perform live. I'm so fucking psyched.
Man, I loved the Wolverine tank as a kid. I gotta get me one of those again.
...come see them, in Destiny 3.
I don't own one yet, but so far I'd offer it in more colors than the basics they have now. 
Yeah, that's most certainly a scam. 

I'm selling my N5 on CL and have received a dozen different offers, all scams, within the past weeks that it's been posted. Cash, in person, and in public only. 
Any chance you have any recent data like this for D1? I'm curious to see how many active players returned to D1.
Try snatching his belly. That makes mine curl up.
I remember watching that movie in theatres. I also being slightly confused as to what's going on. I should see if this is available on Netflix.
Father of the galaxy, right there.
Are those chrome fold up bits under the hood pointed down out folded completely under? 
All the other episodes focused mostly on the original product, so I can't see them straying too far from that just so they talk about those toys.
Is this a statue? I need some details!
My wife and I both hit that crossroad and it took us to Warframe. D2 is a shallow husk of a game in comparison, and not just because it's free. I thought I'd miss the FPS view, but in 1st person I actually get to see how amazing my frame looks all the time and not just in a cut scene or menu screen.
Trump isn't smart enough to cut two eye holes into a clansman's mask. It would be Django Unchained all over again, and the world would laugh just as hard.  
The fight to be as racist as possible? 
Nice! I just reached the coveted "8008S" mileage the other day and I've had my '13 VT for almost 6 years.
I can break it down into two simple segments, OP: 

1. Most all these changes they mentioned in this dev update were already in Destiny 1, and should have been in Destiny 2 from the very start. Now they're taking another 9 months to implement these features back into the game (while making themselves to appear as generous). 

2. Bungie screwed the community over by adding a micro-transaction store with no means of obtaining the most wanted items without having to spend more money on a $60.00-100.00 game. Now they say, "It's not working as intended", which is a complete lie.

There is much more to it, but you should take the time to read everyone's replies to understand how widespread this problem is. We're not over-exaggerating the issue. The community that continued to support Destiny 1 and who made it successful have been brushed aside for casual gamers who are blind to the harm and greed of microtransactions. 
Destiny 2 has already proven to be the death of us all. 
Those same modifiers that should have been there from the very start?
Hell yes. I just bought myself the Chroma frame with a this "Dynasty" skin. [I look like some crazy ass space lobster-ninja hybrid that's stepped out of an episode of MMPR](https://n8k6e2y6.ssl.hwcdn.net/images/_newsImages/2017/Apr/5/ChromaDeluxe_1080p.jpg), and I fucking love it.  
And offer longer beta testings in multiple phases to the community. None of this, "Here's the beta. It's only two weeks long and released a couple month before scheduled release."
Same for Warframe, and they offer 12 different options with one press of the D-pad (though none are dancing, which I do miss).
By Y3, D2 will be exactly what D1 was. Then they'll start the promotions for D3.
If it takes them until Fall 2018 to implement shader dismantling, then they're doing something wrong. The time frame they have slotted for many of these fixes tells me they either don't have enough man power to accomplish this all at a faster rate, or it's all being left for a small team to handle - when instead the entire studio should be helping craft these changes. 
So it's shifting towards what Destiny 1 was. Only, these are all components that should have been in D2 from the very start, and the idea on what could be added to D2 to make it a better game should have been discussed years ago when they started development. I see no reason to applaud these changes. They took these features away, only to "introduce" them later and make it sound like they're being generous.
> Why are there so many Americans who just lap up everything he says as gospel?

Because they're stupid, stupid people. 
I had some moron in a Youtube comment try to tell me the reason why his skin always looks orange is because the media applies a color filter to intentionally make him look like he has a shitty fake tan. 
So there's a good chance this will suck.
Sweet. Now I know where to start farming Excalibur parts.
Nothing kinky about Chroma's sweet Dynasty armor skin. It does make me crave lobster tails though. 
I remember walking into a 7-11 after school and buying these right off the rack. 
"I won't go into details." means you don't have any fucking details. You don't have shit. You never have, you never will, Arpio. Go bury your head in the sand, convict. 
Welcome to the fold. Mp-13 is a glorious piece. 
Both.
An MP quality Quintesson is something I'm really interested in owning someday. But after my last kickstarter experience, I think I'll wait a while to see what kind of progress this makes before I donate.
I opted long ago to buy the KO version a a few years ago because I'm not the biggest fan of Sideswipe. But after having him for so long, I'm tempted to replace him with the official version so the flaking red paint on his shoulders no longer bother me. 

If you want to fill in those gaps on his lower legs, you can buy 3D printed parts that fit perfectly. 
"I'll sign it for you, Unca' Trump!", says the white supremacist who forgot his pointy white cap. 
> since Mexico was supposed to pay for it

Say what? Mexico never once said they would pay for that wall, and have stated in every instance they will never pay for it. 

"Trump wants $18B for his border wall over 10 years. For one, that isn't a ton of money" LOL
Same here. No one from my clan plays D2. Most of us moved onto Warframe. 

Did you know this game has item sharing? One of my clan mates shared blueprints and parts to a new Prime piece, and some weapon components that I was grinding for, and it cost me nothing but in-game currency that equates to about 5 minutes of game play. 
PM me if you're interested in a MP-19 Smokescreen. He's out of the box, but I still have the box and all its contents. He's been transformed once and put on display. 
Looks pretty sweet, but I'd rather they have released the [Passo Corto](http://www.roadandtrack.com/new-cars/news/a7159/geneva-2014-preview-hyundai-passocorto-mid-engine-2-seat-sports-car-concept/). 
Those were good times. 
Go hard. Go YOLO. Your daughter will cringe so hard that she may cry.
For every Flat-Earther out there.
There was nothing unspoken about that in the theater where I watched SMHC. People laughed their ass off when that happened. You had to be asleep to not notice that.
Oh shit. What did you hit? Pot hole from hell?
Get the fuck out of here with your bullshit.
Don't listen to the princess. He has no shot at this.
We won't. He's disliked even more than  when he lost his 7th run as sheriff. He won't have a chance of winning, especially when Trump shows his support. The entire state is shifting towards progressive anyways.
Orange is my favorite color. But that toy is hideous.
I don't want to get my hopes up, but I said the same thing about the MCU going to Disney. Do it, Hemsworth!
Looks just like my Art of War pendant I lost during my move 2 years ago.

Does your friend offer copies of this? I certainly wouldn't mind replacing mine.
Fuck that noise. Your mom was hot. I would have chased her all over school.
My idiot co-worker hates him simply because of his attire. I love reminding him that even if Cam wore a dress to a game, they'd still beat the Cardinals.
Basically. Some of the Japanese figure will come with a collectors coin, and they did get better packaging too IMO.
In most cases they're the exact same toy, just different colors. Takara usually goes for more vibrant paint scheme and G1 cartoon accurate, whereas Hasbro's are more toy accurate. 
88, close to death and not giving a fuck. 
"You've got no hips

*dun-dun-dunnn-dunnn*

You got the stick thighhhhhhhhhs.....

YEEEAAAH!!!!"

J/K, not hating. I'm very happy with my own MP Hot Rod. I love the fishing pole accessory the most.
Sometimes you need to to see outside of the picture frame. 
Takara/Tomy when it comes to Transformers Masterpiece productions.
Wait, the extendable ladder can fit on top of the cannons? Can I get more pictures of this? 
It is an improvement from the usual TM/UW products. Then I see the gaps in the thighs and then remember why I don't support this line.
I've never heard of this either. I've only seen the red and blue Rated R covers. 