How long do you sit on the Play Store with your screen on? I rarely ever sit on it more than 5 minutes a day. Now Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter could benefit from a OLED or dark theme. 
He used to come into the PetSmart I work at all the time. He basically walked around like he knew everything and if you told him differently he would straight up tell you that you are wrong. His driver on the other hand was super nice and always apologizing for the way he was acting. Since the claims of sexual assault I have not seen him in a long time.
No burn in or battery life issues here for me. My only issue is my GPS doesn't work on my phone very well. It can find my sitting location but not give me accurate directions while driving. That doesn't bother me much since I do have Android Auto on my car and it uses my cars GPS instead but in other peoples cars I have issues when they ask for directions.
According to GOG they both work on Windows 10. I guess if you want to run the original disc version of the game you might have trouble but $5 for Return to Zork and $10 for Phantasmagoria is nothing to support a game you like. 


Isn't the porn industry mentally and physically draining? I feel like half the time when I watch it is just the girl in pain because the dudes penis is way to big for her. As a dude I don't think I would spit on or tell a girl I am having sex with how much of a worthless slut she is. You gotta have the right mentality to take all of that as acting and not let it get to you.
They are at most Costco's in Phoenix, Arizona area. 
My Pixel phone gets an update every month. Most of the time it is just a security update but there are usually bug fixes included. 
I have said this before but I suck at fighting games. Xenoverse gives people who suck at fighting games the ability to not suck at fighting games and enjoy a Dragon Ball game.
You know when getting my Pixel XL I thought the fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone was going to be harder to use. The truth is it is comfortable and easier to use than having it on the front. As I pull my phone out of my pocket I have just gotten used to putting my finger on it by defualt. 
Work for PetSmart and have tiny stock room. I have to raise and lower pallets just to get around while moving all the time. It gets you pretty good on the forklift but is a pain to get used too when you are new at it.
You have recommended videos notification on then. That is usually preset to being off unless they changed it recently.
As for someone who is god awful at fighting games the Xenoverse games were the first Dragon Ball games I actually enjoyed and continued to play after beating the story. 
As a PetSmart employee we are donating a meal to homeless pets every time someone buys a bag of food. If they get into contact with PetSmarts Headquarters I am sure there are plenty of meals that still need to be given out. I was told this year alone we have sold over 30 million bags of food. So that is 30 million meals and I doubt we have given that many out. 
Sad thing is they are advertised in PetSmart and Petco as Betta Fish tanks. 
Currently on Simply Nourish since I work at PetSmart and they give employees a really good deal on their own brand of dog food. My dogs liked their Source brand the best but their stool is better on the limited ingredient. 
Iams is pretty bottom of the barrel food anyways. Spend like 10 more bucks and you can get food much better than it anyways. 
Aren't commercials run by the TV Network not the show that is on? I get maybe a local News Network on a local only channel getting away with it. I doubt NBC local news can get away with it unless it is specifically mentioned in a story. 
My only issue with Dragonball Super is the power gap between old characters and Goku. They are also making Super Saiyan a complete joke of a transformation. Other than that it has been a pretty enjoyable series so far.  
Diablo 3 does end game really well. I will be honest when I played PoE and I had no idea what to do after I beat the story. 
Diablo just released Necromancer so here's to hoping it brings in enough money for them to put out more content. Diablo 3 hasn't had anything new you could buy since ROS and that was 3 years ago and it wasn't until late last year that they stopped putting out a lot of content every three months. 
Work as a manager in retail can confirm it is getting fucked too. Corporate took 20% of our hours away last month. They are also restructuring the company to be more customer service orientated so there goes most of our customer service hours right there with the cuts.
When the snow scene started I thought to myself this could be a Metro game. Then the gas mask sealed it. Super excited for this game.
Spending 80 bucks to try and get Super Gogeta. All I got was ssj3 Goku from that. Then when the 150 million summon tickets came out I got him and Super Vegito on the first multi-summon. 
Android now is pretty easy to learn. The phone set up walks you through like every feature especially a Pixel or Nexus phone. When I got my Galaxy S6 I did a lot of tweaking to the out of the box OS such as disabling apps, changing the keyboard, changing launchers, and disabling annoying settings. When I got my Pixel XL I did literally no tweaking.
I don't think you are right on iOS having a larger market share in the US than Android. Last I checked Android was around 55-60% market share in the us and iOS was in like 35-40%. Keep in mind Samsung  sells about as many Galaxy series phones and Apple does iPhones in the US. 
This is in response to your original non edited response [I Show How Much YouTube Pays Me ($24,000)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7WhQv77PW8). Complete breakdown of how much he makes and this is just a small YouTuber.

In response to your edited response I have YouTube Red so I don't see ads anymore but before GPM gave you YouTube Red access I don't recall the ads being unrelated to me. A lot of time they were for Video Games I was interested or just some snack you might buy at the grocery store. 

I still use UBlock for normal browsing because yes there could be some sketchy sites out there that have virus downloads as ads but YouTube is not putting your personal computer at risk with their ads.
Some people like to support content creators. 
He is sort of Satya's (CEO) advisor. His part is not huge but he does still play a role. 
Secure cards sometimes are what you have to start off with. I am pretty sure because I had been with BoA for almost 10 years they decided I was safe enough to let me have a non secured card. 
I got approved for a rewards card through my bank (Bank of America) immediately. The only bank that has denied me is Synchrony and it was to finance a Pixel XL. Which was weird because I had an Amazon Card through them and I got a promotion at work so my yearly income doubled.  
It kind of came out with Nexus devices. I am surprised they haven't released Google Assistant for it yet maybe when they Nexus's get it the Pixel C will get it. 
I bought mine November 28, shipped November 29, and received it December 2. I guess I got lucky. 
Only issue I had was on the very first patch for the anniversary update. Rolled back and waited a month then no issues with it at all. Sometimes it is best to update all the hardware drivers then update the OS. Makes transitions easier most of the time.
Veiled Chameleons at least hate being touched or held. I work at PetSmart currently and only one out of the last 5 we have had liked being held. I haven't been bitten by one but they will if you forcebly pick them up try and climb up your arms as fast a possible. 
Someone else in the thread said 3% if you don't have Prime. I do know the TOS said you have to have Prime to get the 5%. 
As long as you pay your bill on time there are no fees. Only other requirement is having Prime. 
I love my Amazon Credit card. 5% back really adds up after a while. 
It got released for free on Windows 10. It also ran really well too. 
I should have clarified it was not a buffet styled restaurant. The owner just kept the food coming for one price. 
It wasn't a buffet style restaurant they just kept bringing out dishes to people who wanted them. 
My church used to on Christmas Eve all go to a Chinese restaurant after service every year. The owner loved it and charged us all $15 a person for all you can eat. 
I am the manager on the pet side of things and I close tomorrow. I fully expect people to come in 15 minutes before we close wanting animals. 1/3 of our hamsters and guinea pigs aren't even for sale because we just got them yesterday. 
I have been paying $25 a month longer than the "free music streaming" has been around. So it feels free to me plus I went from 1.5 GBs a month to 3 GBs a month as well and still have not had a price hike on that. Again I see the Net Neutrality issues here but a lot of long time T-Mobile users who have really low bills just get grandfathered into all these included services now.
Honestly I love having free music streaming. I don't use that much data other than to stream music so it has allowed me to not have to download music or pay for the larger data plans. I do however see the problem it brings up.
Not him but I have a Pixel XL and love it. Best Android phone I have ever used but that is how it usually goes with the newer flagship phones. Only thing I miss is Samsung Pay. 
Let's hope this new Dragon Ball Super saga changes that. I miss bad ass Gohan. 
Pretty sure she has been in vlogs of his speaking English.
It's not that they are an attractive couple that got them famous. For quite a while they relatable and extremely fun the watch. I used to watch them back in like 2009 or 2010. 
That one actually worked for me.
Neither my Pixel XL or Google Home pick up on those commands either. 
I think the ASUS ZenWatch 3 is a pretty good alternative at the moment. I just don't know how long ASUS pushes updates to their watches. 
It doesn't actually disconnect from anything. It just rests on a metal bar and is super easy to put back on. McDonald's thought this stuff through like 5ish years ago. 
They used to open up Google Play Music or have a link to the app when you tapped the release. Now it no longer does this for me. Otherwise I love those cards and never realized how many releases I miss because Facebook is bad at letting artists advertise to their fans.
I really wanted them to play it on their Rebirth Tour. I knew they wouldn't but I hoped. 
I feel like connecting your camera to your PC via WiFi would be nice after the first set up but changing networks would make it a hassle I bet. I also did not know computers are now coming with built in NFC readers. 
I would not take XP over 8. Even if it was a solid OS it would run like shit on most PCs from 4ish years old and newer. 
I hope I will be that way when I am 40+. I have loved going to shows since I was about 14 and still go regularly. I still follow tons of record labels in hopes they sign good stuff and a lot do. I am only 24 but I have a 30 year old friend that tried to tell me that he grew out of the "finding new music phase". He won't even go to shows anymore. He skipped his favorite bands reunion tour because he is to old for shows now. 
She is tiny and if you see her in a bikini there is a scar in that area. So very well could have stunted her growth. 
I got denied with a great credit rating. Seems Synchrony might be a little picky too.
Banking apps and payment apps don't work usually. I am sure things like 2 step authentication apps might block rooted devices as well. 
Looks like this is probably the original video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tb7WS1SsqC4
It is pretty hard to scratch Blu Ray discs anyways. I am sure there is way but normal kid use won't probably scratch them. 
Costco is a good company. They pay their people well and things are not over priced so to me it is justified to talk highly about them. 
See we are the opposite I have had so many issues with iOS. Specifically iPod Touches that I completely stopped buying all Apple products. my big issues were WiFi connection problems, Battery life indicator was not accurate (I could do something for 5 minutes and it would die immediately but when I plugged it in it would jump to 80+%), and the damn home buttons always broke (I know fixed on the iPhone 7). I mostly had faulty hardware and usually Apple was really bad about wanting to replace it under warranty because they did not see the problem after looking it for 2 seconds. For the most part Apples software was good but did really slow down on devices older than 2 years. All my past HTC and Samsung devices hardware all still work fine but I will be honest and say the software is not the best because of the huge improvements Lollipop and up made to the Android ecosystem.
Marshmallow fixed every issue I had with my S6. Not sure if you updated but my phone has been great since. Plus battery life is going to be very different on a phone that has the screen size of a 7+. I bet the Nexus 6P, Galaxy S7 Edge, and Pixel XL probably pull very similar battery lives. 
Samsung has a lot of gimmicky software included that some people like. I tend to disable most of them.Big ones would be themes, camera options, that day dream screen (not sure if it is on Nexus or Pixel), and Samsung Pay (Is really good and better than Android Pay). I am probably switching over to a Pixel XL after I get to test out my friends because I prefer a more vanilla experience but I get why people like Samsung.
Diablo 3 did this with Paragon Leveling. People seem to keep playing strictly to grind those Paragon levels. Overwatch has endless leveling as well which gives loot boxes but Overwatch will stay successful for a while.
One of his biggest things he does is exercise and I guess high altitudes can help too. My mom has Parkinson's and she as of late has gained a lot of weight because of a foot problem and can not work out as much because of it. I have noticed a huge difference between fit and active mom and not active mom when it comes to motor control. She has to take more medication as well to keep the tremors down. 
I had a wireless mouse that broke before the batteries died. I think I had it for 2.5 years. 
The new Galaxy Phones have a higher rating of waterproof than the iPhone and have a headphone port. 
Samsung pushed Marshmallow to the carriers I think back in January or February. I fully blame T-Mobile for why it took and extra 3 months to get Marshmallow. Also Samsung should in my opinion be working on the next update to Android for their phones the moment the beta comes out but every company has different priorities. 
A lot of carriers except Verizon are allowing a swap of phones until the new ones arrive. 
That is worrying if they keep having servers going down without a DDOS attack. You would think Microsoft of all companies would have some of the most solid servers for gaming. 
I don't use my Xbox One much anymore but still frequent the subreddit. It seems to be once a month a major outage happens. Pretty sure it is just DDOSing but they never seem to say why. I do know game services like Blizzard get DDOSed after major ban waves in games so that might be some sort of an explanation on why things like XBL and PSN go down so frequently. 
I have never broken a controller either. Only thing I accidentally did was drop my Xbox 360 controller on tile and broke the battery holder which was 2 bucks on Amazon. I also have friends who are really hard on controllers (slam them when they get mad) who have never broken them either. 
This is what I [found](http://www.themarysue.com/zootopia-story-darker-less-awesome/). I had a co-worker tell me Pixar was the one that changed all of that but I have yet to see proof of that other than maybe some story telling influences. 
I doubt they even put a code in. McDonald's doesn't when I worked there we had a survey button for those sandwiches.
If video recording and picture taking is your thing then I would strongly push for the S7. My S6 takes amazing pictures and the S7 takes similar if not better pictures than the S6. Also you can record up to 4k which is nice if you got a monitor or TV that can display that. 
Honestly for the $90 difference I would probably go with the Samsung device there. I got a Galaxy S6 and once you deactivate the apps you don't want and put on a better launcher the phone runs pretty close to a nexus device. The bloatware while better is the biggest drawback of every Samsung phone. 

The eight core processor on the S7 is very snappy. You are also getting one of the best screens on the market right now. Lastly if you like or use Android Pay, Samsung Pay is better and easier to use. You won't be disappointed with either phone.
Ummm just class gear and buying via PayPal it will be about 400 to 800 depending upon the class. The tallies, ring, and necklace are the expensive items that can cost close to 1000 for all of them if again buying from someone. Now doing it all by buying in game from people you are looking at a minimum of 2000 but can get as high 5000. 
I got mine pulled out without going under too. It was not to bad in my opinion. It was weird knowing he was pushing the tooth back and fourth in my mouth but I was in and out in 45 minutes and could eat hard food the same day.
The ring matches the necklace so I doubt it is an engagement ring. Also after this event happened she has posted pictures on Instagram that show her not having it on.
Honestly I have had no issues with Chromecast and web streaming. I also have really good internet so that might play into it. 
Just get Chromecast 2 and actually if you are not in a hurry I recommend getting it at Christmas time from Costco. I got my dad 2 of them and we got so much promotional credit to the Google Play Store (can be used on some subscription services) that it paid for itself. I wanna say we got close to $60 and I paid $50ish for the two Chromecasts. 
Could this allow them to give full time to their employees? Even big businesses don't offer you health care if you are hourly and just have you work 28 hours a week. 
It was for a lot of bands. There were also a lot of them that practiced what they preached. There was some article I read years ago that talked about profits for bands labeled Christian were a lot higher than bands that were just as popular. This was because Christians did not want to steal their music and bought a lot more merch too.

I am by no means a fan of worship music but my mother loves it and some of those bands come off as cash grabs to me their lyrics are awfully corny and their shows are so emotionless. Also it is crazy how packed these concerts are bands like Underoath and August Burns Red sold way more records than most of them but could never sell out stadiums like they could.
If they do that then I would probably cave in and finally buy one. I have wanted one for a while now but could never justify it because I already have 2 Xbox One controllers. 
I have Cox as well and seriously have never had an issue. I get very close to the speeds they advertise and the last time I had slow issues it was the router failing on me. The last time they had an outage too was like 3 months ago and it maybe happens once every 6. 

My biggest gripe is the constant battle of keeping the price down. They seem to want to raise it every month. 
I don't think you will lose your love for the series. While Korra is not as good as TLA it is still an excellent series and worth the watch. 
How is someone defending something they enjoy mean they are being fucked over? I personally have had more fun on Overwatch than I have had on any shooter since COD4. It was 100% worth the money to me and a lot of others. Also skins are not a necessity at all and are achieved free if you play enough. If someone wants to throw $10 for 11 cases to open then they can otherwise there is absolutely no pay wall at all. I already have 4 legendary skins at level 26 and have not spent a dime other then the entry fee. 
The YouTube Red series Sing It. Not a bad series but not a great one and it is also made by The Fine Brothers so there is that.
When I tried one it looked way better than that. I have a feeling it was made for a customer who then changed his mind and sat in the warmer to long. 
I get that and with Overwatch it is nice because not everyone is running 60 MPH. Playing about 30ish hours of Overwatch during the couple of closed beta weekends and during the pre order open beta week I have to say I have not had this much fun on a shooter since Halo 3 and Gears of War.
Some characters are very slow for balancing purposes. I guess the best comparison would be Tracer. I have been told she is much slower feeling on the Xbox. 
According to one of my friends who played the beta on the Xbox and PC it was a much slower experience on the Xbox as well. I personally played it on PC and I cannot confirm those claims. 
I have capped my fps on most games to 60 because my monitor will not produce anything higher then that and I have never seen games like CS, League, or Diablo dip down in the slightest. Now Fallout 4 has some fps  drop issues but all my games other then that are a steady 60 fps. 
What kind of monitor does your friend have that needs 200-300 fps? The most you would really ever need is 144 fps and that is if you are willing to blow that kinda money on a monitor. 
Wait since when do you drop ammo after getting killed? It has always just been money. Ammo is also cheap anyways so I would not see the big deal in that. 
It is pretty much the only game of theirs people still play. Some servers are dead but for the most part it is still populated. 
It was I initially going to be a new game. It looked interesting with like over 10 rebirths and all gear was going to be bound. It looked like it was not going to be a pay to win model. TQ is not a large company by any means so so splitting the community could kill both games and the company so they scratched the idea. Now they are bringing some elements of Conquer 3 to Conquer 2.0. 
That is what I get but then again everyone has different experiences with the GS6.
I am actually not sure what that is so I am going to say no. 
My phone lasts all day now but I only do about 4-5 hours of on-screen time. Before the update I had to charge my phone in the middle of the day. 
They even added game modes like a year after the first Gears was released. Still one of the best single player and multiplayer experiences I ever had on the Xbox 360. Also Horde mode in the later gears games was really fun. 
Out-of-state tuition used to be cheaper in Arizona than in-state tuition in California. My freshmen year roommate came to Arizona for that very reason. 
I have played a decent amount of GTA Online and I have had no issues getting cash from events and the heist missions. If you get 4 friends together the grind turns into nothing because you are having fun and getting tons of money per mission. Not to mention most expensive useful things are locked behind a minimum level requirement. So spending $100 on in game money is not gonna get you the best cars or guns right away. You are still going to need to level up.
They should send you an email if you are banned. 
Late to answering your question I bought a powerbear and sent it back. It blocks the headphone jack and the extender cable is super loose, it took over 8 hours to charge (some cases it took 12+ hours), and it scratched the back glass on my phone pretty badly around the edges. 
My franchise gave everyone a free meal every time you worked. They just used the manager meal button on the pay screen and it gets counted as used/part of expenses. 
The franchise I worked for tracked everything. The assistant manager even posted it in the break room. We wasted about 2% on both types of hamburger meat. Our highest waste was 11% on ice cream mix but the franchise basically let employees take an ice cream home after work and dipped cones can be a bitch to make. 
I and a friend graduated with Exercise Science degrees and the hospital's around us that need Exercise Physiologists with no experience won't even interview us. The company has needed them at 4 different hospitals and each time they reject us both. We are beginning to think they had already picked out people for the job. 
Never had an issue with Merchline. They always ship things pretty quickly and it is not outrageously expensive to ship either. They also have a 1 year return policy on most items. 
A lot of them are incredibly nice people too. My dad who works for now American Airlines said the WWE used to fly America West  from time to time and the flight attendants loved having them on flights because they were way nicer than pretty much any other big athletic sport there is.
As someone also from Arizona that is one of the only roads leading into Fountain Hills as well. Others are going to be super slow winding through neighborhoods. 
In my opinion it is not even hard to play most FPS games on PC with a controller. Some games like CS and Battlefield were not set up well for controllers and are easier on the mouse. Call of Duty and Battlefront however were set up well and you can do just as well as the mouse and keyboard players. 
Yeah I updated my laptop and desktop the day of release and still had no BSOD. Maybe I got lucky.
I have not gotten a BSOD since Windows 7. I did not know Windows 10 could even get a BSOD. 
I agree it probably won't break records but it will probably still do extremely well. 
I always wondered about that mouse. I have heard really great things about the 2015 model but I like my Steelseries Rival mouse and have not seen a reason to get another mouse yet. 
He spent all his money on that and nothing else. Rampers make like 20-25 an hour. So if he was on the lower end of that all his money could be going to the vocal and dancing lessons. 
The crazy thing is people still buy from the Shell station even if the Circle K and Velero are 20 cents cheaper.  
At Cave Creek and the 101 the cash only gas station is more expensive than Costco and the other gas stations that have the same price for card or cash. 
I got cheese in mine but I did not like it. Taco Bell's Quesorito is so much better.  
Thanks!
5BWP0ASYX1CDN0FEGH31VHX
These people act like she put on like 100 lbs. She still looks damn fine to me. 
If the card swipe is accessible by me I don't say anything. If it needs to be activated by the cashier first I just say on a credit card or debit card. If the card swipe is not close I usually just pull out the old plastic because I don't want someone dropping my phone.
Mine worked at Jersey Mike's but it took a long time. No clue why. Other places you mentioned I have not tried it at.
I have never had Samsung Pay be denied anywhere. I personally have had a 100% success rate with it.

Bummer dude. I have never used Deezer but I do have friends who have Apple Music (On their iPhones) and they like it. I use my phone more than my PC to listen to music so I would honestly go with Deezer if it has most of what I listen to on it and then purchase the rest from Amazon or iTunes.
Are they actually going to charge PC players for XBL? I thought they said they weren't going to because it failed before. 
Does Windows Phone not have Spotify anymore? If it does have it that is your best option. If you had an android phone I would point in you in the direction of Google Music because of the extra benefits from it.
Also gives you access to Google Play Music. The only reason I have YouTube Red is because of Google Play Music. 
There are horrible things said about every phone that comes out. I have a few friends who have the the Nexus 6P and only one dislikes it and the rest(3) love theirs. 
Your first statement is still 100% correct. Just thought I would point out what I saw too. 
His mouse cursor shows up to exit harder Rifts and Grifts. When he is playing you never see it.
I and a few of my friends have had this issue since 2.4 has come out. We have had no issues on other games.
The McDonald's franchise I worked for had a dedicated person to call people who put their numbers down to see how she could make it right. Often times she would give them a complete replacement on the order. Most of our McDonald's did not get to many complaints the most one store averaged was 10 every 1,000 customers.
Honestly franchising can ruin places too. They have better control over the stores not franchising it out. Also Prescott is like 30 minutes if that closer to Phoenix. They could totally build one in Flagstaff and be alright.
I don't think In and Out does franchising otherwise they would be everywhere. 
Fun does not mean best. If you want to always be partying and have no sleep or quite time Sechrist and Reilly tend to be the party halls. The best halls for freshmen are actually not the party halls purely because the rooms are huge and are really close to both Sechrist and Reilly and those are (in order from best to least best) Wilson, Tinsley, and Allen. 
I don't think he has PD. Only info I can find is he has tremors which could have been a result of all the drugs he has taken. Only real way of knowing is after dies. His son however does have MS. 
When you add those files to GTA 5 can it get you banned from GTA Online? Been wanting to do it but don't wanna get banned.
Check out freedom server. They have a big Aussie crew there. It is mostly Aussies but a mixture of Americans too. 
Play Music often times does that when it is the only app open. Worst app that does this YouTube. It reloads the lists after a 30 second video sometimes and then you gotta scroll down again. 
Fingerprint scanner is one of those features I thought was dumb until I used it. I won't buy a phone without it now. 
I love my S6 but the battery life makes me hate it at the same time. 
I second this. Wilson hall is probably the best freshmen hall to live in. 
Windows 10 has been awesome on my desktop and terrible on my laptop. Seems like it can be really hit or miss for people. 
If you have an USB cable you can plug it into the console for like 5-10 seconds and then unplug it and it should stay connected then. That is how I got it to work without hard resetting.
Never had an issue with Bluetooth on my Galaxy S4 and S6. Only confusing thing was initially setting up my Moto 360 and that was mostly because I was not paying attention to Google's instructions. 
It is. There is no release date at the moment. 
I have never had issues either. Only thing that I ever had issues with was setting up a webcam and even that took like 15 minutes to figure out. 
According to the article his lawyer says 0. Now they did not release proof on that so who knows if they even took one. 
I actually got it a little over a week ago then lost it and got it again 2 days ago. 
I think it is the last minute or less. I rarely use it on my Xbox One but they are not long. 
I had the same issues it eventually just kind of went away. These [bugs](http://imgur.com/a/NbNrN) showed up for me almost right after that went away. One thing after another with YouTube it seems.
He probably did. I saw it on GMG for that price along with Fallout 4 about a month ago.
I would have rather seen a second Agraceful record than anything from LMTF because I felt they had better potential but I understand the vocalists shift in religious beliefs kind of ended them.
The intro to CS class was great after that the professors kind of stopped teaching you useful programing tips and you were off to learn it on your own. Specifically there was a 300 point project to code a data structure except we were not taught how the average was a 60/300. If you already know a lot about coding the first few classes are easy but after that it can be rough. 
I spent a year studying CS here and it was awful. It is a growing program but you are better off at ASU or U of A. 
I guess I should have mentioned in the post I am a huge power user and keep everything up to date. 
Of course, they update the keyboard only a few times a year.
T-Mobile Galaxy S6 128gb.
Already been done it fixes it for a day. 
The McDonald's I worked at would make McChickens but it would be close to a 5 minute wait for it. We would also make nuggets and crispy chicken for salads but those take a little longer. I swear lunch all day was more of a request than breakfast. 
Taylor Swift is on Google Play aswell. Getting albums early I guess is nice but with being said isn't it like they release it the friday before the release date? If so Google Play gets that too not sure about Spotify but I would assume it is similar. 
If you don't mind me asking what other exclusives beside the radio programming does Apple Music have?
Just going to let you know finding artists on any of the major three streaming services is not going to be hard. Dance Gavin Dance is going to be on all of them including almost every post hardcore band out there. Using both Spotify (in the past) and Google Music now I have never had a single problem finding the music I want when I want it. If the Beats1 radio stuff interests you great use Apple Music but every music platform is going to have pretty much the same selection artist wise.
If they released new music that would be awesome but according to Tim, Spencer and Aaron they won't be releasing anything as of right now. They said you never know what can happen when they finally get together and start rehearsing for their Rebirth Tour. Here is the podcast where they talk about it https://soundcloud.com/bcpod/118-spencer-tim-and-aaron 
Just going throw this out there and say Underoath puts on a way better show than August Burns Red.
Check out babyicey. Should be plenty of fun fighting Sophia there. 
This song is not specifically post-hardcore but The Dear Hunter is often classified as a post-hardcore band. The album this song is from is called Act IV and really is leaning more towards a progressive sound than anything else in my opinion.
Amazon usually makes things right. Whenever I have received the wrong item they usually ship the replacement as fast as they possibly can. For me it is usually same day or next day.
Not sure either. I am pretty sure this picture is a teaser for season 6 walkers. 
Hmm never had a single issue on my Xbox 360 or Xbox One. 
Both those albums combined are about 80 minutes. If they do an encore an extra 20 minutes would probably get added and then the time in between songs maybe add an extra 10-15. I would say 2 hours at most. I could see them adding like As Cities Burn or Letlive to the bill at least.
Well shit. It kept telling me reply failed. Guess I will not listen to that error again. 
Newegg and Costco sell it for $35 all the time. Amazon during black Friday usually has it under $40. Newegg's lowest price I have seen on XBL was like $32. Bing rewards can also get you a free month every 3 to 4 weeks of using it religiously. 
The default account is converted to a local account. I would assume if you wanna make it an online account again you can. 
I too am having these same issues. I guess it might require a rollback to a previous update but I am not sure. 

Edit: Scratch that I switched over to a Local account and restarted my PC and it seemed to fix a lot of issues. Hope this helps.
Underoath - Define the Great Line

August Burns Red - Messengers

The Chariot - Long Live

Chiodos - Bone Palace Ballet

RX Bandits - The Resignation
Can confirm my franchise will give you packets if want one. My favorite was the Bacon Buffalo Ranch Hot n' Spicy. 
Factory reset is what Samsung themselves recommended. I did it with no luck also the replacement phone has nothing on it other than the Samsung included apps. 
According to a dude at the Microsoft Store the key is not tied to your mobo if you bought the full version of Windows. Sounds like OEM versions of Windows will be tied to the mobo but not 100% sure on that. 
Doesn't In n Out make the fries when you order them? Never gotten old fries from them ever. 
I just leave it on Any but probably US region.
I have experienced no lag at all. I did not even know there was a lag issue for people. 
You will either need to go to the [housing portal](http://nau.edu/residence-life/) on the right side of the screen or contact someone either by phone or email on the left side.
The earlier you let them know you want a room for spring 2016 the better your chances. I will be graduating this December so at least one room will be open. 
I will say it is a lot better than I thought it was going to be but yeah fully agree she is not a great actress. 
It files my dogs' back paws but their front paws tend to grow out. Probably different for each dog and breed. 
Our Phantom Pooper my freshman year took a dump on the floor then picked it up and smeared it across the wall of every stall and shower. It was everywhere and it was on a Friday night after all the custodians had left for the weekend. After that they gave each floor separate keys for their floors bathroom and it never happened again.
Thanks this helps a lot. 
As someone who works a McDonald's drive thru there are way to many people who are willing to wait in a 5 minute line for a soda at like 9 PM. If they walked in it would be so much quicker. 
I think he probably likes the console version better due to the simplified crafting system. I personally think it is easier than having to look through the wiki to figure out how to craft something. 
I grew up listening to you guys since Dear Love. You guys were also apart of the first show I ever went to (when Underoath was touring on LITSOS). My question is if you guys could bring 1 band back from the dead and tour with them what band would it be?
They are pretty close but their stability at least on the S4 was pretty bad. Was better to go Touchwiz rom or Google Play Edition rom.
Honestly it comes down to personal preference. The Galaxy S6 comes with the ability to disable most of the built in apps and you can just install Google Now Launcher. You basically have stock android now. Now neither phone is perfect both have flaws. The Nexus 6 is huge therefore I have seen complaints about its screen breaking easier but overall you will have a smooth experience. The Galaxy S6 loses the ability to swap batteries and some Google apps seem to lag a little (specifically Google Keyboard and Chrome) which I assume will be fixed. They both overall are great phones and you won't go wrong with either of them.

Edit: grammar
480p to 720p it does but I do not think it changes past 720p.
I have a T-Mobile version and have had zero issues.
Springer Spaniels are awesome dogs. I had 2 of them when I was a kid. One had hip dysplasia but she was the smartest dog I have ever had and would snuggle up to you whenever you wanted to. The other one was a wild playful machine. I could be running around my backyard for hours with her and she would never tire out.
As much as I love Google Music it really has some weird quirks. One thing that comes to mind is my backed up music on my PC randomly downloads itself to my phone. Also it shows blank albums a lot in download mode as well as duplicates them every so often too. [Here are some of the bugs listed](http://imgur.com/a/S04ez). The duplicating bug and random downloading of songs have been around for well over a year.
Thanks! Feel like they could have made it simpler to do this. 
I actually have that off. Should have mentioned that in the post. 
I use my right thumb the most so I decided to add it twice to the fingerprint reader. Seemed to help with accuracy a lot.
Their line up through their first 2 records was without a doubt their best lineup. Just has not been the same since II. Although I did like III it just was not my favorite.
ETID had toured with them in the past. Would be pretty cool to see them tour with them again. Might as well bring Maylene with too.
I have a feeling this is what will happen. Aaron wanted a They're Only Chasing Safety reunion tour but that would put Daniel out on the curb. With Daniel in Every Time I Die I bet they could do a tour now.
I went over by like 150 GBs one month and they called me asking me what I was doing. I simply told them that I had purchased an Xbox One and was downloading games and they did not go any further. 
It really depends on your area but for the most part Cox when you are on a wired connection is super consistent and fast. At my parents house I get the speeds advertised on TV when wired. So about 100mbs down and about 20mbs up. On WiFi I get close to 60mbs down and 13mbs up. On League of Legends I get about 20-30 ping and on Diablo 3 I get about 50 ping. Most games are lag free for me. The only downside is Cox technically has data caps but they rarely enforce it unless you constantly go over.
Snapchat allows you to color over the picture and then save it. Sketch I believe is also another app that allows coloring over photos. I have not used iOS in a long time so Sketch might not be around anymore.
You can just color over it in MS Paint.
As someone who has never owned an iPhone why is imessage so great?
That does not seem fair. The 128gb S6 has been backordered for weeks now and I pre ordered it the 4th. I can't actually get the promo until I get my phone. 
I got the game the day EA Access was available for the Xbox One for the most part I had no issues other than the random disconnects every once in a while. I also caved in a bought Hardline and have had no issues whatsoever on it. As long as there is a Battlefront beta and it works well they will get my money but until then I am not gonna think about pre ordering it.
From my understanding there are a lot of honors courses that just put you into the same course as regular students with an added work load. Sometimes it is like an extra paper or a harder exam. I am not 100% sure on core classes if they have you in a different classroom than non honors students. To be honest I am also not sure how much Grad schools actually care if you took honors courses. A lot of them want to see some sort of volunteer work, actual job, or internships within the field you are trying to get into. So that might be a better option and you could make more money than the scholarship pays out. Also I have never taken an honors course at this school. Hopefully someone in this sub has further information you are seeking.
Chrome has been doing that lately.  Firefox works fine as well. 
I just plan to deactivate all the Samsung apps when I get mine. Should save a lot battery life that way. 
April 4th. 
What annoys me is when I ordered it they said it would ship on the 7th and then the 7th rolls around and I get an email saying nope just kidding you have to wait. The main reason I pre ordered it was for the Netflix so as long as I get that I will probably be happy.
I pre ordered the 128Gb model from T-Mobile and they say it won't ship until like the 24th of April. I hope they are lying to me. 
Most stores will not carry the 128gb model. This was coming from a corporate owned store too. So maybe the franchised ones might have it. 
Look at it this way soon enough we will both have a pretty sweet phone and probably a year of Netflix free. 
True true. A rep also told me shipping would be free. I kind of feel like calling and complaining but then again what good will that do? 
I was also confused on this. Mine is supposed to arrive in the same time frame as yours yet people on the T-Mobile forums have said they have received shipping confirmation on their S6 128Gb models already. Maybe we were unlucky and ordered right when they ran out. 
As someone who loves both console and PC gaming I would honestly keep the PS4 and save money to upgrade your desktop. Yes it might take a while but NaughtyDog games are so worth it. 
Yes. I think people are still new and have not gotten to dungeons. It took me 15 minutes to get into a dungeon group. 
I am looking for people as well. GT: sodapop14
It looks like boosters are their main money maker. I don't see to many pay to win things in their store at the moment. 
Thanks for the advice but I will have to say a DVD drive is not really useless because I still buy a lot of hard copy CDs. I like collecting CDs and a lot of them still do not come with download codes.
So should I just get a 60Hz 1080p monitors and call it good? I have a friend who has some terrible ideas for what is absolutely necessary for a gaming computer and then tells me I am dumb for wanting a DVD drive. So I thought coming here and asking for advice would be better. As for super graphic intensive games I would like to play them in all their glory and would like the frame rates of at least 60.

I don't plan on overclocking the CPU. It just does not interest me and nor am I good enough with hardware or software to risk something like that.
I got yelled at by a woman at a McDonald's drive thru because we did not give her enough sauces. I told her we gave her 2 of each sauce which was on our screen apparently she needed 4 of each sauce. She then said that we had the worst customer service of all time. Then she drove off forget she had a second bag of food coming and came back around and bitched some more that we forgot her second bag when I specifically told her to wait for it. I was glad I was on overtime for that shift because I would probably talked back to her.
Very rarely do we get awesome bands here. We have had RX Bandits(twice in the last 5 years), As I Lay Dying, D.R.U.G.S, and a few other punk and ska bands over the years. You will most likely have to take a trip to Phoenix for the good shows. 
Well I don't have an extra copy of it. Why would there have been 2 charges for 4.99 if I bought a double pack? Again this was not a big deal Terraria is worth way more than 10 bucks in my opinion. 
I got double charged for Terraria I emailed support never got a response or refund. It was only $5 but still have no explanation on why I was charged twice. Rather than losing my account for reporting it to my bank I just ate the costs. 
Just make sure the day you can sign up for rooms you are up at the time it is open. McKay is very competitive. 
Priority is not grade based or credit based for that matter anymore. Seniors used to have priority and now I think you just need 30 credits to get in and since upcoming sophomores have first pick now they get priority. McKay is better by far because of the central location. Regardless both halls are great to live in but if you don't get into either gillenwater is probably the next best after that. 
Yes, she was in the first season. I do not recall her in other seasons. 
As much as I like Kendrick Lamar I would not place him as being the most Christian. I don't think god looks at anyone in the "Christian music scene" and goes you are more Christian than him. I for one could say Josh Scogin is a better Christian than him and that would not be true. While bands like Impending Doom and August Burns Red are breaking the mold for heavy music and have huge amounts of listeners who are not Christian Kendrick is breaking the mold for rap and doing the same thing. I think it is more Important that we recognize everyone for going into music scenes like these and fighting an uphill battle in hopes to better other's lives. 
That guy was fired and he was just some higher up guy in the Xbox department. There was another dude who was fired for saying "deal with it" in regards to the always online.
This happened to me when I wanted to go to a concert. He told me 3 weeks prior he was down to go. Long story short he blew me off for a Skype date with his online girl friend which he did not tell me about. Instead his roommate told me that was what he was doing that night. I guess he wants to lose friends because that is the last time I ask to hang out with him and get blown off. 
I have filed multiple times and they make completely false claims that it is old virus protection or bad settings on my PC but I never had problems in other halls so obviously it is not that. Each of us in this room have a different OS on our laptops and we all have the same issues too. It just seems no matter how many times I tell them there are issues they think it is on me and not them.
Thanks for the link. I have been waiting for this to go live for a few weeks now since they do not want to fix our WiFi issues in McDonald Hall. Got everyone around me doing it to get them to maybe do something about it.
Just a heads up she is not 18 yet. Little under 2 months away. 
I look at music the same way as television and movies. They are forms of entertainment and the belief system behind them should not stop you from enjoying them. 
Joliet was lied to and they even had to pay quite a bit of money out of pocket to record their debut record. Feel bad for a lot of the bands on that label that were promised success and never saw it. I would honestly say if the bands on this label wanted to join another Christian label Solid State and Facedown are probably your best options to find some success.

I also ordered a tee shit from their merch site and it took them 2 months to get it to me. I had to open up a dispute with PayPal to get their attention. 
If you are bettered geared than them you can help them get better gears. Running higher grifts and such can help a friend out tremendously. Also I am the type of person that if we are not doing grifts I chill and take my time. Everyone has a different play style. 
She was a Nickelodeon star. She was on Zoey 101 and Victorious. I think she is in some show on MTV now.
He felt called to do other things. http://badchristian.com/podcasts/ this is the link to the podcast he is interviewed on. It is a long one and if you enjoy the band Emery the beginning is interesting but if not you can skip like 20 minutes in and it should start soon after.
They released Crysis on the 360 and PS3 October 4, 2011. 
According to Google about $3600. 
I used to have tons of issues with having to hard reset it all the time. I maybe have to hard reset it once a month now. What I do is I close all applications before I turn it off into stand by mode. I noticed games like Call of Duty AW and Shadow of Mordor seemed to affect my Xbox One the most when left it open in instant on mode.
This last summer they tried to give me 20 hours a week and I told them this is not cutting it and they told me I could work full time and maybe some overtime at a store they wanted to close down so I worked there for 2 months and after that they had lost enough employees that everyone was getting 40 hours again. This last winter break they had me working so many split shifts I think I got 13 hours over time one week but had an average of about 7 hours over time over 4 weeks.
Ahhh still seems messed up not to let your employees drink soda.
Sad thing is there are managers that do not understand some of the small costs that add up. Don't get me started on other things managers do that make me cringe.
According to my GM the soda is bought at a much cheaper price because Coke gives McDonald's a really good rate. So tea comes out to be a more expensive product to make and maintain. This is what I have been told so he may be completely wrong on the subject. Plus we make 4 different kinds of tea and 3 of them are crap and 2 of them sell like 3 to 4 larges a day and get dumped out after close. There is a lot more tea waste than soda waste.
I luckily get enough hours during the summer and winter breaks from college to live off of that for 2 semesters. I would hate to have to deal with the schedulers when at school. Some of them get salty that you can no longer open certain days.
Seems weird no soda but you can have tea. Tea costs way more than soda.
My GM would have a heart attack if someone did that. He has some huge calculation on how much we save a year putting one napkin per item in the bag.
I usually have like a stack in my car because you never know what you might spill.
Did they take it away with their new menu revamp? It was there like 2 weeks ago. Usually under Lunch menu 2 or value menu on the computer.
You weren't allowed to drink soda?  I could make any drink I wanted even the smoothies and iced coffees. 
The policy in my franchise is one napkin per item. 
Daily Double is the equivalent to a Big N' Tasty now. 
I have a friend I play with there.
As someone in USA that plays on the EU servers no. Well at least it used to be no. I have to wait a day after I get the patch to log on. 
Since when did they double the price? It was $79 a year and went up to $99 a year. 
It runs alright on the Xbox One. The last episode was pretty buggy when it came to the fighting scenes. 
Last toys were flutterby and spy toys. Next ones I think are ninja turtles. Also fun fact on the bottom of the happy meal boxes(not the bags) it tells you what is the next toy. 
Have you rooted your phone? I noticed on my S4 that when you have to manually update your baseband certain ones make my phone die quickly. I finally found a great baseband so my phone takes like a day and a half to die where as it was dead in 6ish hours before. If I get a Samsung phone again I will just deal with Samsung software. Rooting and using custom ROMs is just not worth it if it affects performance negatively and it usually does in my experience. 
Sort of. It required you to have full +12 weapons and either pay 20,000ish CPs or log on for 6 months straight and do quests. 
300 bucks gets you a lot these days. The game is overrun by Egyptians(not a bad thing) so the prices are cheap. After they released epic weapons I vowed never to spend another dime on the game. 
Haha I was actually on pyramid server for like 10ish months. Fun server but my group I had been transferring around with kinda destroyed the server then left it with nothing. There used to be another bug where if you used the pure archer skill then switched to a spear or wand you would one hit everyone. That was abused like no other on centaur server. 
I never played runescape but I played Conquer Online. It turned into a pay to win game but I and so many other players had put so much time into the game to get good we felt like it would be wasted time of we quit. Almost 3k USD later I finally quit it hoping I never go back. Still feel like I wasted 11 years of my life playing such a crap game. 
Has Seagate improved much over the last few years? The last Seagate drive I bought died on me in less than a year of use. Luckily I got it from Costco and they took it back. 
They can also see what IP addresses are accessing the accounts. Unless somehow the person matched your IP address too this should be a clear indication that they did not purchase it. Microsoft uses this method with fraud cases not sure why Sony doesn't. 
Microsoft did something very similar for me when someone took over my XBL account. They let me keep the points they purchased and gave me 6 months of gold. 
Flagstaff, Arizona 9 months out of the year and Phoenix, Arizona 3 months out of the year. 
They had a huge announcement for it. They even sent out several emails and even posted it on the dashboard of the Xbox 360(I would assume the Xbox One also) letting people know. 
Xbox no longer requires gold to use Netflix or any apps like it. It has been this way since January I believe. 
Generally I listen to heavy stuff. Impending Doom is pretty fun to listen to while grinding grifts. 
Call the student tech center and they should get it updating for you. You can also try using an Ethernet cable. That first update is weird at nau. Enjoy your new Xbox!
Also free money. I have had Xbox live gold for free for 2ish years now. 
These ones had multiple objectives. 
Co-op. We were doing the red missions whatever they are called. 
Just played about 4 hours of multiplayer with a friend. I had 0 issues but towards the end of the 4 hours it froze on my friend. It looks like it either works really well or not well at all. 
* GT: Sodapop14
* Timezone: West coast
* Games: Halo:MCC, CoD:AW, Sunset overdrive, Titanfall, AC:Unity, and Destiny
This is the first call of duty I have purchased in 4 years. The 2 days I have had it I learned this is not as run and gun as it used to be. I was getting like 4 kills and 15 deaths a game and then I decided I would slow down a bit and take my time. Now I tend to go even or positive. Still getting that skill I once had back is gonna be a lot of work. 
I got one match in yesterday here in Flagstaff. Other than that I just sit and wait for way to long. 
I had the game freeze on me during installation but after that no issues other than the multiplayer. 
CenturyLink throttles sites like Netflix, YouTube, and Amazon Prime. Cox is in the top 5 internet service providers in the country. CenturyLink ranks at like 12 of the 16 that were ranked.
Rooms are much bigger. Also they are generally a lot cooler temperature wise. Sechrist is one of the hottest dorms on campus with the smallest rooms. Reilly is not as bad but the rooms are still tiny. Keep in mind there is no air-conditioning so if you get put on the 6th floor it will be uncomfortably warm until like November. 
As far as dorm life goes the best freshmen dorms are Allen, Wilson, Cowden, and Tinsley. To be honest avoid the rest of the freshmen halls. They have smaller rooms and are usually party halls. 
I went to their farewell show in Mesa, AZ. It was one of the best shows I have ever been to. The Chariot is one of those bands everyone should have seen live at least once. Josh's new project 68 is really good live too. 
I had a GM say loss the dollar make a million. Random acts of kindness to a customer has the potential to bring them back to that restaurant.  In this case I was helping out a store in my McDonald's franchise close down one of their stores in a Walmart. They had Walmart employees come back with their cups from god knows when and fill them up and one shift manager hated it and pretty much drove them off as customers. According to my GM they would come in, in the morning for a free drink, then come and buy lunch, and then a snack at the end of the day. Well that shift manager costed that McDonald's about 8 bucks a day per person she drove off. I guess that $1.09 was a big deal to her.
http://eu.battle.net/d3/en/profile/Sodapop-1144/hero/32223136  This is what I am running right now. Not sure if you are looking for a tanky build or an attack build. Keep in mind I have a RoRG ring so it lowers the requirement by 1 on my sets. If you duo with a Demon Hunter or Wizard I have found this build keeps them alive and you alive the best as of right now. 
Xbox One version has different biomes already. Not sure about the 360 version, I have not played that version in a very long time. If I recall right it is 19 different biomes in the Xbox One version. 
There is so much they could do. It would be nice to just say I wanna use this mod and it worked. Just a download and turn on button. I would be down for a decent payment method of any kind that could just give me that.
They could make like a minecraft mod store on the Xbox, PS, and handhelds. The mod creator can make them free or for purchase. The one requirement is they have to work and not break the game. When mods do not work(Probably my faulty setup) like they were advertised to it is frustrating. A guarantee that they work would be nice.
I would be willing throw down 5 bucks to play galacticraft on my Xbox One.
The grinding is boring by yourself. If you got a good friend to play with it can be fun. I would recommend clans but good clans are hard to get into until you are around 300 paragon. My monk build is generally better than most peoples and no one wants me because of my paragon level(220ish). I do recommend week long breaks from the grind. When Sunset Overdrive comes out I will probably not even log into battle.net that week.  
It is pretty hard to hit that 250 GB data cap. It thought was gonna be less. My parents have cox in Phoenix and the only time they have ever hit it was when I was there downloading games off of steam during their summer sale like 2 years ago.
What is Suddenlinks data cap? CenturyLink will never get my money until they throttle less. 
My issue is not losing albums or album art but them randomly placing music from Music Manager into offline mode onto my device without permission. It is really aggravating when a random song from an artist appears on my offline listening list.  
I play league but I would not consider myself good but others might. I got trapped in Bronze 1 but my hidden MMR is so high that I frequently get put up against Gold-Platinum players.
That all should be on auto update but will make sure it is up to date also.
Alright cool. Will check it out in about 24 hours.
I will most likely redownload the game when I hear about the next update to it. 
Still can't play because of it. Nothing I can do about so I guess I will have to move on. Was looking forward to playing it again. Back to Diablo 3 and Guild Wars 2 for me.
I will reinstall ttr to see if malwarebytes finds it again. 
My school(nau) forces us to use a program safeconnect which basically is malware in itself and it scans to make sure sophos is installed and scanning is on. I also have to have windows updates on automatic. My school is dumb. 
Posted this [Possible Virus](http://www.reddit.com/r/ttrsupport/comments/2gwm1x/ttr_virus/) in /r/ttrsupport yeserday abut TTR possibly having a virus in it too. It is unplayable for me because of this.
If you run malwarebytes on it, it finds suspicious things too that is what is really worrisome. 
My school forces it to be active. If I deactivate it they know. From my understanding it is the top of the line sophos anti virus. My school gave it out for free and it was that or AVG's free edition. My PCs are relatively clean too so it came from TTR. 
It works decently with phones but it still not as good as having your actual card. I was filling in at a store in my franchise for a bit and a guy came in 4 days a week for breakfast using I wanna say an Amex app. It would either work right away or take a couple of minutes of fiddling with it to get it work it was never consistent. Not sure if it was our end or his end he had the HTC One M8 so I have a feeling it was our end.
Usually there are few issues throughout the year. Although you do get the people who will vandalize it. My year people from another floor were coming in and making the bathrooms unusable for a weekend. 
I lived in Wilson hall my freshmen year. Other then the community bathrooms it is my favorite hall on campus just because of how big the rooms are. Also Tinsley hall has the same exact set up as Wilson. 
Yeah I get that feeling too. The biggest issue is I was trained in high school on an analog board and after I had started college they switched to digital board. I have no clue how to run a digital board so when things went wrong such as an echo I just said I don't know how to fix that. 
Bad, today I was asked to run sound for our worship service but my church recently fired their last sound guy(kinda his fault and kinda someone else's) and they have been having substitute sound guys every week and the last guy messed up our board and our computer to run slides. We had echoes, improperly mixed mics, and a lot of crackles. On the bright side the sermon was great. 
I think it is Nathan Barnatt. Hard to tell. 
Battle Power(BP) is based off your rank in your guild, gear you have(quality, socs, and +n), and nobility(how much gold you have donated to the server). It buffs your strength and defense.  
Break through is based off BP let's say you have 10% Break Through your enemy has 9% anti break but your BP is lower than his. Well since your Break through is higher and your BP is lower you have a chance at hitting him much harder via a break through. It is like critical hitting someone but for the people who do not wanna spend much to get the best gear. I use it on my warrior and kill a lot of people because of it. 
Trojans have been severely buffed since 1.0. They turned into an AOE class. They are the first class to have epic weapons. 

The most OP class right now is pure warrior. People will tell you they suck but if you are a 1.0 kinda guy they are the closest class to it and their defense is crazy. 

Let's get to the point. I am inactive atm. I log on once a week or so. The game is a pay to win until you hit like 330 battle power via your gears and have crazy high break through. 
You look like you could be very pretty but the lighting in your face only picture is bad.  
If you are looking into Tinsely hall, Wilson hall has the same layout. It has been a while since I have been in a Freshmen dorm room but the biggest rooms for freshmen when I was one was Wilson and Tinsley halls. 
I have a rooted S4 it was awesome until kit Kat came out. I would say as long as you know what you are doing and have a clear back up of the initial software go ahead. My issues with my rooted S4 were my fault too. Most of the time your main issue with rooting and potentially flashing a custom Rom will be little over heating. 
Fans of bands are going to back up the bands they like. I for one like them but am not a huge fan of them. I just don't think they are most overrated but to each their own.
My fps went up when I upgraded to 8.1. Maybe your drivers are out of date try updating them. 
How is Fit for a King overrated?
Calling the corporate office is even better. The number should be on all receipts. If they call corporate because of you it makes the franchise look good and the owner and the GM of your store will most likely get you more hours and possibly a promotion. I have declined all promotion offers because I only work during the summer and don't need the money as much as the people stuck working there for life or for an extended period of time. 
Only game I have ever traded into a Gamestop. It was so bad I could not handle owning it. 
Python is taught initially. 
Yes
Very pretty. 8/10
I personally love it when girls wear little to no make up.
Looks like you wear minimal to no make up. 7.5 from me.
I have been on the Oasis of the Seas. That cruise ship is way to big for its own good. It took me like 2 and a half days to explore everything on it. Coolest things on it in my opinion are the boardwalk, zip line, moving bar, and its surf simulator.
I have worked at McDonald's you would be surprised at the stories I have of dumb customers. Usually had like a good 3 to 4 a week there. Plus the job is easy and they hire up there. I know people in my franchise that worked there for 2 years and got first assistant manager making 35k a year without bonuses. GMs also hired up can make up to like 65k a year. 
I know their Drummer from high school marching band. Always been a cool dude to me. I have not met the rest of the band but was told their singer was douche.
They consider the last day of their farewell tour the day they officially broke up. I have a shirt from them that says 1999-2013.
He is no longer with Epic Games. He left October of 2012. Although he did make my favorite Third Person shooter of all time. So he will always have my respect in that regard.
Not sure why people would buy it anywhere else but Costco. If that thing breaks in 5 years you can take it back. If it does not have the 90 day sticker it is covered for life!
http://www.celebritynetworth.com/richest-celebrities/richest-rappers/rick-ross-net-worth/   Not sure if this site is reliable but it says he is worth 28 million.
The run I do usually gets me 2-3 legs and go up by 1 paragon each time on it. You have the cursed hood quest as your main quest. The map order I do is Festering Woods(clear map and caves), Cemetery of the forsaken(clear map), Fields of Misery(clear map and do side quests), then go to Leoric's manner and get to the cursed hood and end at The Butcher. I tend to make close to 700k a run just off rares and gold pick up. If the legs are any good which is like maybe once a week I can see close to 2m a run.
This is actually interesting about 2 years ago my Xbox Live account had $100 worth of charges on it. The dude bought FIFA 12 and 40 bucks worth of points or DLC. I actually got about 80 gamerscore from it too. It was a nightmare getting my account back until Microsoft got involved. They bricked(not sure if was actually bricked just what they told me) the dudes Xbox and banned his main live account. They reversed the charges, gave me 100 bucks worth of Microsoft Points, and 6 months of Live.
The one I work at just requires you to know the manager you talked to on the phone to get a replacement. Also if that manager happens to be at the store they usually throw in a couple extra things such as pies or a large fry.
I have never had a bad experience at a Microsoft store. I have not once been pressured to buy things there and their tech support is excellent.  They fixed corrupt files on my PC that were messing up my GPU for free.
If you want top of the line for a good deal this is what I got. http://www.costco.com/Samsung-39%22-Class-1080p-LED-HDTV-UN39FH5000F.product.100047648.html  I have had zero issues with it thus far and Video games look fantastic on it.
I also play on Euro servers so that might have something to do with it. It is still annoying no matter how many you get per day or per week.
I have never posted my battletag and I still get 3-4 a week. I only farm with 3 other people and those are the only people on my friends list.
Really cute 8/10.
I always tell people no matter what system they choose to buy, buy it from Costco. I plan on getting both my PS4 and Xbox One from them just in case either of them have hardware issues 2-3 years down the line. Just do not abuse this policy they start to catch on when you bring to many things back of high value. Plus Costco does not eat the cost of your return either the company whose product you are returning does or so I have been told.
I am biased toward the Xbox but I want to see the PS4 succeed because when Uncharted comes out I will be getting that Uncharted PS4 bundle but for now I will be getting the Xbox One early 2014. This Generation is going to be a blast!
I would say Red looks best on you but brown or red is 8/10. Blonde I would say 7/10.
The pens you can buy for the iPad work on the ThinkPad Twist. Not as nice as the Surface Pro's pen but it get the job done when taking notes that involve drawing stuff.
I got my ThinkPad Twist with better specs for the same price but the battery does not last as long, it is much thicker, and also less portable due to the bigger screen. 
It does not have the specs to play BF4 well but it will play steam games that work with its hardware. I got a friend who has the Surface Pro(1) and he plays LOL, Diablo 3, and Terraria on it with no issues.
Baconit is biggest reason I loved my WP. When it comes time to retire my S4 it will be a hard decision to go back to WP or stick with Android. 
MxPx, Less Than Jake, Set Your Goals, and The Story so Far. 
It is still worth full price! 
One of the best Christian albums of the year. These guys replaced As I lay Dying for me.
My roommate whom is black says he is not racist but hates white people, Hispanics, and Asians. How is this not racist? His girlfriend has gotten 4 ticket (2 for running red lights and 2 for speeding) and she went to court claiming the cop was racist. Clearly if you are running red lights and going fast enough for a cop to bother pulling you over you deserved the ticket. In my opinion I see more racism in people who are considered the minority then the majority. 
Really? This song and Question Everything were in my opinion the stand out songs on that album. I liked every song on that album anyways.
Also the second creation story makes us seem like God created us as just "gardeners" for the Earth. Interesting stuff if you ask me. I love most classes on Religion because it points out things most people over look.
I am actually taking a class on The Old Testament. Interesting thing brought up is which stories are symbolic and which are literal. The Torah for all we know is purely symbolic because Balham(The dude who was told to Curse the Israelites but could only bless them) is the only character that we have full proof existed from the Torah. Also lots of the stories were told/written like they just happened even if they are hundreds of years old. There are areas where Abraham mentions the Philistines(Sea People) but when dating the time Abraham lived they were not around. Off the top of my head I cannot remember the conflict of the flood but there are dating issues there too. Also keep in mind there are 2 main sources Yahweh and Elohim. Yahweh means one God, Elohim means multiple gods. So this also causes a lot of conflicts in stories too. Also Elohim can be used in a way that it is talking about one true God and all of his messengers such as Angels.
The GM from the McDonald's I worked at told me I can ask customers on their cell phone to step out line until they are done with their phone calls. She really hated when people did that and to be honest I found it really rude too.
Cory, how do you feel about The Chariot breaking up? What is your take on some of the newer heavy Christian bands such as The Ongoing Concept and Fit For a King? On a side note Wrongdoers is in my opinion album of the year.

Edit: I see you answered about The Chariot already. So never mind on that.
There is a 2 week window where you need to have internet access in order for the games to work. My understanding is the games are installed on your computer but still need to go through Steam's Launcher to even work. So they can control your gaming experience.
I have had this happen once and all I did was take the disc out and turn off my Xbox and turn it back on and put the disc back in.
If you could tell me how to get my Galaxy S4 to read a 128 GB SD Card I would gladly use that instead. SO far it only reads 64 GBs. Yes my Galaxy S4 is rooted.
No phones hold the amount of music(80.3 GBs) I have and my school does not have the best cell phone reception for Spotify or Xbox Music so I still walk around with an iPod and my smartphone.
My Thinkpad Twist was only $1000 and it has 8 gbs of ram and an i7. I sure hope he has a better i7 and a GPU to justify spending that money.
Ehhhh probably to close for anyone to notice anything. I rarely notice any major performance differences whether the game was showed off on the Xbox or PS4. 
It will be clearer when the game comes out. From my understanding the install disc is a one time thing and then the rest runs off the other disc.
you put it into your Xbox it opens up to a title screen and you hit install. I am basing this off of what Halo 4 did. 
Is it gonna be exactly the same? I also will still get it for the Xbox One regardless because the friends I will be playing it with have already pre ordered their Xbox One's.
Ehhh I do not know how many people will really use it. Smartglass is a fantastic app but the only time I use it is if I wanna see who is on XBL.
I will be pre ordering it soon. The DRM does not really bother me since my internet goes down like maybe once a year. I will also probably get the PS4 like a year after it releases. I wanna see their exclusives in action more before I buy them. Project Spark and Dead Rising 3 really made me want the Xbox One.
Gears of War 2 did this. I believe 3 did it too but not positive.
I think Steam has a 2 week DRM thing going on. So what does that mean if you are banned and forced to stay offline? 
I am guessing it will most likely change to something like that. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVQZyFIMK7I   This might be more relevant. It looks like if you are offline from steam for two weeks and try to connect to it without internet it will not let you play games.
I LOVE W8. Just takes a few days to get used to all the new gestures and stuff but overall I think it is the best desktop OS out there.
Here's a better idea take your credit card off the account. 
Philmont was the best boy scout trip I ever went on. Also did the trip on bum knees. 
Taking Religious study classes in College is a must for all so called "Good Christians" it bettered my understanding on everything Jesus and Paul ever talked about. They were some cool dudes no matter what you believe. 
A friend and I can speed run it in like 4-5 hours. It is pretty short when you got good stuff. Our next run will be on MP 5 but I have been to busy to do it.
Not sure why you were down voted for telling the truth.
This is actually one of my favorite Windows 8 games. I have sent many nights playing it.
Sad thing is if you open up the Windows Store it usually has a "Learn everything about Windows 8" app right on front page. I forgot which one I used but I am pretty sure they all work just fine. 
I personally love Bing but I am learning Python for CS and it just seems when I want super specific ways to code something I need to use Google. I always try Bing first and if it does not give me the right feedback I try it in Google.
I have been using Bing rewards for about a year and a half now. I have gotten about 60 bucks worth of Amazon cards from it. The only time I have real search issues with Bing is when I need coding help for CS.
I have horrible luck with iOS so from my experience they are terrible but some of my friends have had little to no issues with iOS. I went through 3 first Gen iPod Touches and 2 4th Gen ones and 2 iPad 2's. Their warranty program is excellent. 
My roommate is like that. The only thing I dislike about my roommate is how much he hates cops but then is so quick to call them if something bad goes down.
Out of the 6 dogs I have had throughout my life only one has misbehaved and she is getting better about it. According to our vet she might have dog autism which may cause her to be a little slow on certain things but I do not believe that.
Although Halo Wars is an excellent game, Starcraft and Age of Empires II will always be better.
I learn way more about writing nice code at home the only reason I go to class is so I know what to look up online after class, plus pop quizzes happen often enough that you could fail the class just off those. 
I am not saying this for Karma(I actually dislike cats) but I saved a kitten on the freeway calling 911. For some reason I missed the exit I needed to take and almost hit a kitten so I called 911 to let them know where it was and I got a call back saying they retrieved the kitten and it is fine. Not sure why dead squirrel reminded me of this but it did.
He even protected his twitter from the public I wanted to see some funny tweets to him about dealing with it.
Lispy Larry Meets Online Girl " Wanna Hook up? " I found this video hilarious especially towards the end. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKgD5TcMpvE
I am currently re-watching the DBZ sagas and I have to say I would pay to get side stories of people. Like Future Trunks, Freeza, The Grand Elder, Vegeta(before he met Goku), and pretty much any major person in the show that has a mysterious past we know barely anything about.
People still think you cannot install 3rd party stuff. I swear Windows 8 is an amazing OS and I will stand by it as being the most innovated desktop OS since Linux.
Microsoft seldom comments on rumors just like Apple never releases real info on the iPhone till the announcement date. Companies are smart not to release info that is not purposefully leaked.
Wait the iPhone 5 rumors were way better then what came out. I believe there was supposed to be a projector, hologram keyboard, and other ridiculous stuff that never came to be.  
I never watched the whole PS4 event but what if the PS4 is also an always online console too? Someone correct me if they did in fact announce that the PS4 is not always online. I still plan on getting the next Xbox simply for Halo and Gears and I am always logged into Live(and my internet goes down once like every year) so it really would not change the way I play games now.
I still plan on playing it. I just do not have the money to spend on it right now.
I have always loved Underoath's Define the Great Line. It was my first heavy record I ever bought so it has some sentimental value to me.
I say this all the time(on IGN) but you gotta hit up the deals for Xbox Live Gold. I got 2 years racked up from using Bing reward and hitting up Amazon deals. I have spent a total of 30 bucks for these 2 years.
Works fine now. I waited like 6 months before buying it in hopes their servers were working and I got it for 20 bucks so it would not have been to much of a loss if I hated the game.
You can still buy Office 2013. The subscription service is called Office 365 and it works up to 5 PCs at a time. In reality if you pay for it until the next office(I am assuming it is a every 3 year cycle) and use it on all 5 devices you actually save in the end.
Would have to be Conquer Online. It is pretty much the crappiest yet most expensive free to play game.
I own the ThinkPad Twist so when I am in tablet mode I use IE10 because it is so touch friendly and never crashes but when I am not using the touchscreen I am usually on Chrome for the awesome extensions. Both browsers are fantastic in their own ways.
The Witcher 2 I think has like different 16 endings. Might be 32 but I am pretty sure it is 16. Have yet to beat it once.
What I do instead of that is set like 6 back up alarms. My initial wake up alarm is 8:30 AM but in case I do the I am going to shut my eyes for a second I got my back up alarm at 8:40 AM, 8:50 AM, 9:00 AM, ect. It has worked out for me so far.
They are without a doubt my favorite prank channel on YouTube. Close second is Edbassmaster.
Springers are some of the best dogs to own. I had so much fun growing up with my 2 Springers. Hated seeing them grow old and eventually losing their site or their hearing. 
My roommate just broke his iPhone's screen on carpet. Do not underestimate the strength of carpet.
Been using Bing for a while now because of Bing rewards. Free XBL Gold months and WP8(currently waiting for my contract to expire with Sprint so I can dump my HTC Arrive for the Lumia 920) store money was the reasoning behind me switching and I have to say I really enjoy Bing and its services. Have not had an issue with it giving me any bad results yet.
Oh, Sleeper anyone?
A lot of August Burns Red songs have scripture in it if you did not know that already. The not mentioning Jesus does not mean their songs are not about him. The song Marinas Trench can be taken several different ways. The song Escape Artist is about the hateful Christians that are not necessarily good people but push people away from God. It all really depends on how you personally take the song and that is how it always should be. Btw AILD is amazing have yet to see them live yet but going to have to soon. 
That is by far the best time to do laundry. No one in my dorm hall is there so I get to pick the best washers and dryers too. 
It was pretty cold Friday and Saturday. These past like two days have been super nice. 
61 is cold? It has been super nice out lately. 