To be entirely fair to Saints Row 1, The (what four?) times your character spoke were well worth the price of the average game play.
> pc

Overkill themselves said if you 'care about the game' to get it on PC. Being 'behind' on updates and DLC isn't a small thing for this game. I remember the outrage over the 360 and PS3 not receiving updates, and then the outrage over the Crimewave edition, then the outrage over the skins. 

No man, This isn't a good holdover game. There are far better uses for $40 than this. If you literally need to buy something to bridge the gap until Smash or Octopath, fold forty one dollar bills into paper airplanes, and throw them at cashiers while you buy smoothies. The game works best with four players, on a single team, and if you've convinced four people to buy an outdated version of a roughly five year old game, you could've pooled that money and done something much better with it.

If you cannot live without Payday 2, get the PC version. If you cannot get the PC version, you can live without Payday 2.
Which 20% is this one?
Also, If that doesn't somehow dissuade you, the game is considerably less fun in single player and since most people are going to be steering clear of it, it most likely won't have a large playerbase. You won't have $40 worth of fun with this game alone.
I'd ask over at /r/carAV if you don't have experience but are trying to do something fun.
That's like starting on Third Base, and suddenly realizing you're playing Football.
I'd say the Scottish are too busy being drunk and wearing kilts to get taunted for Willie. /s
The Kona is... a Kona. I don't hate it. It looks like what I would imagine if you said "Think of a generic crossover."

It's not good looking. It's not ugly. It's alright, if a little goofy. Like the Veloster's younger, more mature brother; It still looks weird, the whole family does, but he seems to have it together so no ill will.
"Oh well.................." - Neil

Knew it was the Young Ones before I even clicked. 
I am currently a level 80 human warrior with full ascended gear and wandering around Animal Crossing Pocket Camp...

Thank the gods I have a bank full of crafting mats. 
Jeff Bridges looked so comfortable in The Big Lebowski, I realized that I just love comfortable shorts and looking homeless. I just need to find the right shoes.

I really like the way I look in a good suit, but I just don't like dressing 'professionally' so stepping up my comfortable/hobo-chic look without getting into 'hipster thrift store rack' territory became paramount. 

Side note: Birkenstocks are the most comfortable sandals. Fight me.
Ah fuck, I can't believe you've done this.

I already posted in this thread but maybe I just cry at a lot of movies.
The Life Aquatic and Isle of Dogs.

Yeah, yeah, I get it, Wes Anderson is a meme but Steve saying "Because I hate fathers and never wanted to be one" makes me fucking cry. Fuck, I teared up just typing it.

I won't post any spoilers for Isle of Dogs, since it's still in theaters but the ending is like one long gentle sob.

Oh, And the part where E.T. makes the bikes fly. My son jumped up and shouted when it happened and it was like being a kid again for a spilt second and suddenly becoming a jaded adult. The most bittersweet cheer I've ever heard.
Do Gateron switches work with Cherry keycaps? I'm a Black Switch junkie and have been looking for something to scratch the itch.

How is the RGB management? I returned the G810 because it lacks brightness controls and has a couple obnoxious features.
Not about culpability, he stated the wrong way vehicle was on fire. Removing the driver from the fire and attempting to get some distance in that case is a good idea. You should probably know how to properly drag a body but accidentally paralyzing someone while saving them from burning to death is considered the lesser of two bad choices.

But, I mean, fuck that guy. I hope he lives so he can face justice for his stupidity. Ending up on the wrong side of the freeway is a mistake. Driving at speed down the wrong side is fucking heinous.
Also, The fact that the 'enemies' only destroy your fort because they love nature and animals and shit and you keep cutting down all the trees and killing deer and shit.

My first playthrough I was wearing the bones of everything and leaving stumps everywhere I went.

My second, I had a little hovel, cleaned up after myself and ate berries. Almost no attacks.
Some lady crashed into the center curb a couple weeks back because she didn't turn tight enough to stay in her lane and overcorrected when she saw that my car was in the lane I was supposed to be in...

She flipped me off. For how shitty of a driver she was. 
A camera that indiscriminately captures images of cars for a private company to issue fines (and have been tampering with safe yellow light timings) is obviously going to catch more flak than a personal device that holds other drivers accountable for being shitty.
To be totally fair, muti-turning lane streets where at least two vehicles have to turn left, even protected, are a butthole clencher. The amount of times people are just like "Fuck it, I'm gonna turn into THIS lane!" and don't even care that my car already occupies that space is amazing.
How often are you at rest while fucking? I'm not ripped or anything but my thighs are like flexed muscle, top or bottom, while going at it.
> loneliness + any female attention = ~~temporarily happier~~ an instant memory of the last thing that made you happy, leading you to push women away in an attempt to not get hurt again

ftfy


Do they have any Nude Taynes there?
To be fair, I fucking wish my numpad had the small single zero and plus sign, so I could get that sweet double zero and backspace. That's the two things that keep making me consider an 87 key with a 22 on the side.

I mean, the fact that I used to use those printing calculators has nothing to do with my fondness for the ten key... Just Sid Meier's Pirates.
I think there's many people who watch Jon for many different reasons. Some want to see the games he plays (Early Total War access), some want to watch him play games (and comment early and often to correct him), and some want to listen to him and the gameplay is somewhat inconsequential (except for occasionally yelling at my TV). Of course, This list isn't representative of everyone, but Jon engages his comment section and listens to their advice some times (often not though) so people are more inclined to comment.

Also, It's fun to just yell at Jon sometimes.
> These are in Rapid City, South Dakota.

Odd way to spell Dallas, TX, Southern Methodist University, George W. Bush Presidential Library.
I've been considering just "acquiring" it. Last time I used xliveless to try to get it to run, it broken Social Club altogether, which I didn't realize until I tried to play Max Payne 3.
Dennis and Mac will manage to lose it all before the end of episode 1, only for Frank to get it back somehow for Charlie to invest it all in a full month of studio time for a live-action, animated Dayman series only to have no actors (Dee will volunteer, the gang will jeer), cinematographers (Mac will mention Project Badass, Dennis will go 'Ehh'), or scripts (but Mac and Charlie will say they did a great job with Crime Stinks)

Episode three will have Dee ask when she's getting featured, Everyone will call Dee a bird. The gang will move on.
You don't even need to Youtube gameplay. I watched the official trailer and noped the heck out.
> breaking.. off

The double period and the enjambment of this line (on Desktop reddit) left me hanging for a second.
> But Hillary is totes guilty.

They ran a sound clip of Hillary breathing through the machine and it started chanting "LOCK HER UP!"
Can we get a "Fortune" elite for Tachanka then?
It will be fair to think the technology will exist but in 20 years time, but there's still 1995 Honda Accords driving around. I don't think widespread adoption of such a wildly different tech will have such a quick adoption time.

'Ultra-High-end' users will be whipping out their fold-able portable phablets, and running Mac ads saying 'What's a TV/Computer/Phone?", perhaps even in the next 20 years but at the same time, my mother doesn't understand how I live without cable. I don't understand why she does. I don't think I could feasibly expect a transition so radical to happen on a moderately small timescale.
Hmm. Thought it was mete but I googled it and it said it was 'met'. Oh well, thanks for the correction!
Well, It's transparent, so you can see what's behind the water mark. You've got the true color right next to certain parts of the the water mark, so you can just stamp that over a bit. Faces might be a bit tougher but, again, you have the actual image right there and a good amount of skin tone references for each person.

It takes some time, but you can 'recreate' the image using the reference behind it, just with colors that match the colors outside the water mark.
> It doesn't make sense to own a tablet, a laptop, a smartphone, a desktop, a tv and an e-reader,

Tablet, Laptop, Smartphone, and e-reader all overlap in similar ways but a TV and Desktop have less overlap. 

You could argue that the Desktop could be replaced with a dock for the Laptop but you'd still need a large display for it. A laptop (or anything else) with a display large enough to replace a TV (For an American household) would be too gigantic to bring with you anywhere and currently heat management is too poor to imagine replacing my Desktop with anything or to imagine carrying anything that hot with me.

Once better battery solutions exist, I could understand replacing tablet, smartphones, and e-readers with a single device and once heat gets under control replacing desktops with high powered laptops but TVs as dumb displays are going to exist.
I played GTA IV on my 360 first and beat the whole thing, I used to love getting a Mustang knock off (I hated that they removed customization) and just drifting through traffic effortlessly.

I had the PC version (which I justified that I didn't want to set up my 360 just to goof off, plus mods) and it would literally never load. Social club, failed. Wouldn't launch. Etc etc. 
To be fair to Niko, Roman was a bumbling idiot and the only reason he didn't get hurt, or hurt someone himself was because Niko was constantly there to ~~met~~ mete out violence on his behalf.
Just keep being patient. Eventually they'll pay us to take this one.
Got it, so turn Tachanka's LMG into a mobile B I G M O N T shield with the LMG sticking out of the front.
Why pay to upkeep a useless asset that doesn't provide any benefit? She won't turn on them, her ego would never allow it. She doesn't have any dirt that they don't already have on her.
God, I always said before missions "If I die and you name a fucking DFAC after me, I'm gonna haunt all of you."
I don't know how to fight but I can take a punch. That's half the battle.
I dislike the yellow headlights.

I love the idea though. 
[Yep, We wouldn't say anything like that. Don't want a ban.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eg3_kUaYFJA)
All the people sexualizing her are busy. 
They wanted you to call it "The One" like people called the Xbox 360 "The 360"


New hotness for video games and hotness for real gun owners are two different things. 
As if real world performance of Firearms ever influenced public opinion of them. 
I'm an idiot. I usually only think of them as XVs so I guess my brain just forgot the Rs. 
My buddy told me the recoil meant it was 'impossible' to aim so I put a full mag into a small shot grouping (by pulling my mouse down for like a half minute) and his response was "Well, I still don't like it."
Me: I've got three 8xs, an SR suppressor, and a Glock.

Also Me: I have an SKS, a Scar, and literally nothing else.

Feast or Famine.
MP5 is that old hotness though. UMP is the new hotness.

See every old 90s FPS having MP5s.
To be fair to George, Knowing his ego, I'm sure he requires his cooks and his kids to use it every night. And to sound off with the name every time they close the lid.

That thing was a bitch to clean. A pan is so much easier.
> makes quiet noise

Is it funny that I can hear the "hmph" in my head and see the slight eyebrow/shoulder shrug?
The funny thing about The Producers is both versions were great. I could watch them both back to back and still enjoy them the same.
I've got a Dana here, will she work? 
[It's easier to watch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usuQAYE2ASo) but since you said Maroon instead of Moron I thought of his SS.
Having previously owned a '12 Edge, and test drove an Escape, Ford doesn't seem to know how to use interior space in a vehicle.
> you can see ~~the road~~ your phone better and feel more confident as you don't signal through traffic.

ftfy

p.s. Fuck you to the GLC who nearly hit me today
Me, Seeing the Fiesta for the first time: Seems like a silly name, but I love me some small cars.

Me, Hearing about the apparently shit transmissions in them: Welp, At least there's other small cars.

Ford, Upon hearing that no one buys their car because it's unreliable compared to the rest of the market: NO ONE FUCKING BUYS COMPACTS ANYMORE. IT'S NOT MY FAULT. IF YOU WON'T BUY ME AT MY WORST, YOU DON'T DESERVE ME AT MY GT.
I just want a 2 seater coupe so me and my son can go for rides together. Get me a lifted Miata so that when we go camping a couple times a year we won't even need another car.
Oh, I get it. Kill all the Fusions so people stop comparing the MKZ to the Fusion.
I mean, The Focus used to have a Wagon variant too.

I don't hate it because it's basically a Crosstek but if I'm going shopping for a Crosstek, I'm probably buying a Crosstek.
Just because it was worse does not mean it is unenjoyable.
You know, I didn't really mind the Romer-Gs as much as I hated the shortcomings of the RGB settings. I've got full control over my G600 but set the Keyboard to multicolored? Giant Bright Blue "G" in the corner. Want to turn down the brightness or adjust the color of the "G"? Leave it in single color mode and adjust the hue of the whole keyboard.

God, I could've learned to deal with the keys if the RGB settings weren't such shit. 

Though, My Cherry Blacks feel 900x better.
Arguably, Sausage Party was a worse movie than Secret Life of Pets. 
I didn't hate it, but my son loved the part with the Sausages. He was dismayed that he couldn't see Sausage Party, since he thought they were a similar vein.
> (whether or not ppl will buy it is another thing)

Anger at this event intensifies.
Only 5 of you listed Super Mario RPG as your favorite game?

Well, there's at least 5 good people here.
Of course, A local Dallas school would win at a Dallas event against those idiot MIT types.

Hockaday might be money in the DFW area and parents spend a bunch to get their kids there (With the financial backing they have, they're probably SMU bound) but damn, this was blatant. I hope Trammel enjoys that his creation will get smeared on a national level. Way to undo the actual good that EarthX was about.
Just call him Snatch. 
I mean, I see where you're coming from. Probably why you'll never see me buying a Rolls. If I ever do though, I'll put 100k on it just for you. 
Dennis's Pop-Pop was a Nazi.
Oh, Comcast is Pop-pop.
I really want to do a 'Lightning Bug' (Of course, a 60s VW Bettle) and an Electric 60s Mini which I'm still trying to think of a clever name for.

I don't even need either to be fast.
> Or a shitty guy who's really good at pretending to be nice.

I'm a horrible person with a good moral compass.
Have you buried the hatchet, or wiped the slate clean?

Or is Comcast just mashing it?
If I ever get to a stage in life where I'm buying Rolls, I'm not gonna think of resale value while I do it. Porsche, maybe but Rolls is another level altogether. 
I'll take that in Rubles, please.
> dog-batman logo

Aren't those just Pit Bulls?
> They had a chance with Marine

\>Implying she ever had a chance winning.
I'd call it the "Rust 'Royce" and drive it everywhere with a huge smile on my face. It is objectively terrible, but so am I.
At first I thought "Oh, They just added 'tougher' enemies to all the early game areas to make it seem harder" then I got farther in and found some areas laughably easy with the new placements. Then I got through the forest and found they replaced the axe lions with shades and was like "Meh. This makes sense but isn't as fun."
Woah, woah, woah, That's way too long in-between thoughts. They should preferably be in the same sentence.
I always say "If a Fast and Furious is on TV, I won't turn it off. I probably won't search it out, but I like it."

It's a popcorn movie with some car porn thrown in.
When did they stop making the Mozilla browser and run everything under Firefox? I remember my mom would call Firefox "Motzilla" all the time and it would irritate younger me.

She also told me that me installing Firefox have the computer viruses. We still had dialup until some time later. 
Well, I'll admit that it did happen but not on the scale that it happens in the modern games.

Or, maybe it's nostalgia. I should replay Lego Star Wars. 
I was able to get a medic to level 3 Heavy Machinegunner on that one map with the tank. It wasn't even one of his abilities.
Because it's creepy how much tracking is going on?

It's one thing to be advertised to, it's another to be profiled, examined, and categorized to provide "the best ad experience"

It's bad enough they're looking at all the degenerate things I'm randomly searching for on the net, now they want to see how long I leave my clothes piles on the bathroom floor? Next thing you know, company will be coming over and Amazon will start asking me if I want to buy some self-respect along with my next shipment of soap, since it'd been three days since I'd last showered and I muttered "I wish people weren't coming over so I didn't have to" which it says aloud to the people in my living room.

Like, fuck that man.
RoN? RTCW? UT04? Thunderbird? Far Cry? CS?

A man of culture I see.
Oh EA, I can't wait to get you out on the open sea. It's so much more romantic out there. Where you can make rash decisions based on stock prices.
It's kind of funny. Gate entire areas behind power-ups and you get Metroid. Gate small pointless things behind power-ups and you get boring padding content.

Nothing irritated me more than the more recent Lego games, where in the first level you'd basically find some block right off the bat that said "Nah, Beat the game and come back here to get everything."

Or, In Batman's case, where you obviously have gadgets that can do the job (Like... Hands) but yet need to come back when you've got the bat cum bombs or whatever.
I mean, I'm not saying I respect them, but rating them? That's low.
I like to imagine that you didn't double post on accident but your cracked skull made you forget you already had commented.
Why masturbate? I'm sure he'll have at least one woman (or man, or whatever the fuck he wants) to take care of him after it's all said and done.
Well, you're not wrong, but your comment had the unintended side effect of making me sad. 
But after you've explained it for the 90th time, and your last explanation of "I've told you this 90 times, are you not paying attention to what I'm saying? Some cars won't be able to see you, look both ways" didn't work that old "Because I said so" starts looking mighty tasty.
Breath of the Wild and Arms respectively.
I'm surprised she didn't just go straight for "Well, That dick that may or may not touch the toilet bowl may or may not go inside me before you sanitize it. Think about that."
"Ah, See he took the phone out of his house, we took it off his person, which makes it no longer his effect, and it's totally not paper so it's free real estate." ~Cops, Probably
> You donâ€™t get to 275 naturally.

It's all the vegan chicken, isn't it?
I won't pay for it, but I'll happily take it off your hands. 
> In fact, the Spark starts at 13k and gets insane gas mileage

Having driven a Spark, and being a huge fan of compacts, The main downside to buying a Spark is you own a Spark. Unless there have been ***extreme*** changes to the car, The Spark was one of the worst cars I've driven and I owned a Chevy Aveo and Suzuki Forenza.
You trying to say you don't love wasting 15 minutes to get a shipment only to have someone in a Delorean blast you with insta-lock-on missles? All joking a salad, I bought the cheapest office when it was on sale and the only times I have a problem with it are when rich douchers decide to camp it Deloreans. Randos almost never shit where they eat.
I don't terribly mind the idea of loot boxes as a whole but the miscommunication over how you can attain the cookies for bells (12/24 hr cycles which most likely won't be the 'good' ones) and general randomness that applies to the double/triple randomness (The 'good' cookies show up, you get trash) doesn't give any option BUT sinking leaf tickets into it.

Plus, The whole point of the game is collecting furniture. People are going to want complete sets. You can effectively play Rocket League or Overwatch without ever opening a loot box because they don't truly matter but if you're not collecting furniture in AC, what are you even doing?

I'm not going to shout Pay to Win from the roof tops, but I also hated the randomness of the Scamblers and Butterflies. Besides, the Star and Flag pole were how many tickets combined?

Side Note: I also trash on Fashion Wars 2 for having loot box mount skins and still haven't purchased them to this day.
\> People need a sink

\> Randomness instead of quality items worth spending tickets on

I think you should buy a "Good Idea" loot cookie from me. Only $4.99 paypal and I'll potentially tell you one.
If it's not a Brown Diesel with a Manual, IT'S NOT FOR ANYONE.
Because Americans think that "Benefits" only apply directly to them (e.g. Money) and everything else is "Taxes" and therefore evil.

I'm... Curious on some level, Like, the Founding Fathers understood the problem was the lack of representation, not really the taxes right, or were dudes throwing tea in Boston Harbor thinking only "Fuck only taxes in particular"
'Maybe Fuze was on Vacation'
KSP has been cheap and is owned by tons of people already, and the Disappointing DR4 wasn't making anyone jump for their wallet.
Better to just create a completely new app with none of the previous features.
I figured the H would give it away. 
Which is funny, since I game with a guy who's uplay name is Cahramrod. 
I'm bringing a wad of hundreds to that premiere. 
Honestly, I'm glad they included Jalopy. I do not want DR4, and already have KSP so Ruiner was the only real draw and since that's on sale on GOG it was getting tougher to sub for this one but I've been wanting Jalopy for a while, so this spices it up enough to get.
> you getting angry over it won't change that fact.

What part of "I find it weird" even remotely sounds angry? I mean, Dismissive, yeah but angry? Although Lego may make sets marketed towards adults (I still want to pick up that Mini Cooper) I don't think I've ever seen something official acknowledging AFOL. It is a known term, and commonly accepted in the community, but ***I*** find it an odd distinction to make.

This is obviously a judgement, and one only based on personal preference, but if someone says "I enjoying building Lego sets" I get a different feeling than if they say "I'm an AFOL" or "I'm an Adult Fan Of Lego"
> And what better way to try something out than buying a physical copy which I can trade/sell if I don't like it?

An inflated price of a 'limited edition' run of a game that might just be okay seems... iffy. You could just look at gameplay online and be turned off enough to know that Grant's great tunes are put to poor use here.
> The only hate I've seen was the annoying noises and the performance issues.

It took me 19 hours to 100% the game. I think 3 of those were searching down the really hidden collectables. I was fine with the noises, Had no performance issues, but the gameplay was so-so and the levels were super disjointed meaning it didn't have the character of Banjo-Kazooie.

Ah shit. Sorry, got caught up. I don't hate the game, I'm just super disappointed.
> non-issue ones

10,000 non-issue bugs become an issue when your games get a reputation for being buggy messes. Also, Plenty of modders have plenty of QA (Having personally worked on non-ES5 mods) and mod QA comes in the form of downloaders who encounter problems. Bethesda's paid employees have left plenty of major issues bugged in the game, leaving some people with utterly broken games (Mainly the 360 and PS3 versions) with no recourse.

DAE Bethesda can do no wrong, Skyrim on TI-84 plz.
> They're explicitly criticizing the sausage machinery though, which they know nothing about. 

I think plenty of people on reddit and abroad know more about the engine than you give them credit for. While I will agree that often we see a bug (or several thousand) and meme "Bethesda can't code" which... Is true. "The engine tracks a lot!" does not excuse their really shoddy code which can be fixed by the community tools (and not even extensive developer ones) that they themselves release.

That being said, I enjoy hearing that their are upsides to the engine that I often didn't think about, though at the same time it proves that an uninspired developer could simply slap down vault pieces and be like, "Yeah, whatever, door, door, door, room, and done" which makes the care that went into F:NV's vaults even nicer.

Player's don't care about the engine, they care about the game. Most people will take a well-rounded car with doors and AC over a stripped down frame with a V8 and a racing harness. So when you think of players critiquing animations, VOs, or generally bugginess that Bethesda games are chock with, the 'outdated' engine exacerbates those problems.
> Also, adults who are into Lego have their own specific category, AFOL. 

So, Well start using the same identifier for Adult Fans of Labdo, okay? Besides, As an adult who has gone to plenty of Lego conventions and builds a bunch with my son, I find the AFOL label weirder than just enjoying Legos.

Today they're putting together 'basic cardboard toys, designed to be simple for children' but tomorrow when someone makes a Labdo car or something, will you accept that adults can like things too? There's nothing wrong with building a cardboard robot and being psyched that you put it together right. I mean, IKEA Beds, Computers, Legos, and Labdo are all really simple to put together (IKEA Beds may require more physical strength than the others but instructions are cut and dry) but man if it doesn't feel good.

Look, If you own a Switch, you've got no room to tell other people how 'adult' they should be when buying their games or building their cardboard robots. You have to sit and home, read the newspaper, and constantly have a tumbler of Whiskey for that level of judgement.
I do not have an S9 but the one person I know who has one does not have BT issues. That is not to say that there isn't or will never be, but at the very least Samsung's QA has a better reputation than LG's.
Just friends you haven't met yet!
It's funny, I've been thinking about getting a Golden and I said in jest "What next? Buy polos and talk about my 401k?"

I mean, still want one, they're beautiful dogs but they're also quintessential white people dogs. The difference is noticing that media trend in a humorous way versus hating an animal for things it was born with and had no choice in the matter.

It's like, Speciesism-Racism. When good ol' tumblr racism wasn't enough for you.
> anyone in the armed forces who respects

I know a few who do.

I know plenty more that don't. The idea that the military is an R factory is backed somewhat by reality but the idea that the military likes Trump is not.
Yeah, It's an issue with a lot of the BT radios in the G4. My G4 at first didn't do it but after an RMA (They replaced the mainboard) it went to shit.
*Hot and fresh out the clinic*
This sounds like one of those great Reverse Funnel systems. Sign me up for three weeks of the time share and tell me about the berries, you Jabroni.
Whites in Dallas county excluding everyone who doesn't fit our narrative vote Republican! It's clear science! /s

Anecdotally, Most of the White people I know who voted Republican live over in Forney, or generally anywhere outside of Dallas county and the Republicans I know in Dallas County didn't vote because they thought Trump was 'too much'. Granted, This is a sample size of like... 13 people so it's completely non-descriptive of Dallas County but I was psyched that Dallas went Blue.
Well, Yes, I know. My bro explained the major story links to me since I remembered Firelink from the intro. One day when I'm gud enuf it'll finally all make sense but until that point, It's just an amazing action game with some rather infuriating phantoms invading me constantly.
I never got huge into Dark Souls. I couldn't get very far in the first one without a bunch of help from my buddy, and eventually he bought me DS2 as well. Couldn't get past the Pursuer, put the game down and never came back.

Cue my brother buying me DS3 to play with him, and I was racked with guilt. Put down DS1, 2, and just jump to 3? I know the story isn't that linked but still. So I went back and I played DS2 until I was able to cheese past all the bosses. Then I beat NG+. Then I did NG++ (Just to get the final miracles for the last achievement.)

I may not have 500 hours, probably closer to 80~90 but damn if it didn't make me grow up a little bit. I finished off The Dark Soul achievement in DS2 and I'm working on it in DS2:SotFS as well as playing DS3 with my bro. We don't get to play together often but my brother and I just beat that Chalice King Bitch dude (Finally).

When the DS1 remaster comes out, I'm going to pick it up again and get to dying. It's strange how relaxing the game became after... Well, Shit, I don't know what changed about the game for me... Probably Great Soul Arrow.
Well, If they hadn't released it, it would've never been bad.
> it took me a moment to catch on. 

Would you say it took you a long time, John Silver?
Basically repeats what the data from my Accent shows. Assuming the tank is 11.9 US Gal as reported and there are 12 notches on my gas gauge, the light comes on for the last notch which would be roughly one gallon and it commonly takes 10.x Gal to fill after the light. Though based on my driving habits, the light will sometimes come on with ~'38 miles' remaining on the range. Though one quick acceleration will get it to show ---.
Well, As another angle, my son loves the game and all he does is die basically. It's cute, it's really easy, and it's a simple game. I don't get frustrated by anything and I don't mind putting down the controller and chilling while he figures out how to jump into a cannon for five minutes.
There needs to be a rate my professor for mechanics...

Oh, wait, that's just end up like rate my professor except instead of bitching about how they didn't study and failed a test, they'd bitch about their head gasket going after a rear brake job. 
My son likes to open the boxes. I got some skins the other day and he said "Ugh. No voicemails?" He prefers to get voice lines in the boxes.

At least it makes the constant pain hurt less. 
Haha, because I'm a moron! I looked at my hand, flexed my ring finger, and then typed pinky!

Please excuse, I had a bit too drink last night. 
It's funny that that button is my ptt as well. Just a little weird to get used to pushing just your pinky down. 
Way back when he made good, relate-able (Like, Using a gameboy in the car at night before they had backlights) comics and then he went to work for Buzzfeed and made relate-able (Like two month old memes designed for a 'X number of things' list) comics.

Now apparently he's left the Feed and is doing better.
Space dry cleaning dawg.
> "I'm from outer space, wanna see my spaceship?

Depends, Are you at a fancy dress party? Because I'm the type of guy who normally doesn't go out to those. Maybe as Henry Morton Stanley? Do you think that would work?
400 Parts per million CO^2 (Can you do subscript on reddit?) and rising baby! Nearly double the historic highs of Methane!

But, it's okay.
SHE THOUGHT SHE WAS A SPACEMAN WITH A PLASTIC BAG FOR A HELMET, AH DOC! YAH UNZIPPED ME! 
On the short scale I can think of far better volunteers, but I suppose if it comes down to it, lead by example they always say.
Reduce (Stop using plastic bags altogether) > Reuse (Fine, re-purpose the bags from when you 'forgot' your reusable bags) > Recycle (Jesus, please just don't throw them in the trash)
But, If burning plastic is toxic to humans, and humans create plastic trash, isn't it a self correcting problem?
I always wondered why people thought hoodies looked sketchy, then I saw a dude wearing one in 100+ degree Dallas weather and I was like "The fuck is he up to?" 
I bought PUBG from CS stickers! 
Wasn't it "I was elected to lead, not to read."
> admit wrongdoing or apologise without coming out

Basically? I mean, my sexuality doesn't matter compared to who I may or may not have raped.
33g of sugar / 20oz per bottle = 1.65g/oz

I'm drinking out of a 64oz Water bottle right now (only water in it, no worries) but if I had a similar amount of vitaminwater in it, it would be 105.6g of sugar or 26.4 teaspoons.

Christ.
Cuntfusing logic, If I dare say.
Like, Out of what appears to be 80 men who are 5'10" roughly half of them are okay with their height? I mean, Jesus.

I guess that's because you're two inches off of the "6'+ only" group. 
Man, the new season is fried gold. Such a recovery from the last season.

Sucks about that fucking drunk Lahey though. 
GTA 5 is all controller until I get a passenger seat or gun turret, then I grab my mouse and blast away. 
Raising minimum wage is not inflation, inflation would cause all these things to raise in price. A dollar still has the same value when raising minimum wage, it just requires you to give more of them to workers. 
Unless you're trying to let him know you're ready to plow.
I mean, He gave it a hood.
They're not bundled up nearly enough for this time of year.
Just think of it as rest aur ant, for all those desperate times you need to spell it without some kind of spell checker. 
RPGs are known to be in most modern shooters, Mario RPG is an RPG therefore not only is Mario RPG a shooter but part of Mario RPG is in almost every shooter.
Square (from the good ol' days) making a Mario RPG game.

Play it. Play it now. Play it tonight.
NANI?!
Crows not a bad spot but we hit up the Perot afterwards, so we just parked down there and walked back up.
It was quite nice, didn't spend too long there because of the cold but they had a lot of things set up and music. Would've been much better on a nicer day but parking was chaotic. 
While you're not wrong, I think it's funny that you were -1 when I saw this.

I mean, Just like those crappy interpolation 120hz TVs weren't 120hz, This *isn't* 4k. Does it look great? Yes. Does it look better than 1080p? Yes. But the hardcore push back of "They said 4k wouldn't ever happen on consoles!" I mean, It's not in this case. It's impressive. The tech they've used, and the dynamic resolution stuff will no doubt improve gaming immensely, but this isn't a case of moving the goal posts since they were never reached.

End of the day, Graphics don't matter above all else and RE7 is a great game at 1080p, the same as it is at 1260p, and the same as it is at 2160p. However, 1260p 'upscaled' is not 4k. I mean, I have a 4k TV hooked up to my PC and still play games in 1080p60. It's not like I'm watching Planet Earth II, I'm gaming.
I mean, When I saw the title of the video I thought "Wasn't that all in the directors commentary?"

Skipped through the video to find out that literally, yes it is.

Heck, He missed covering some of the stuff they talked about in Lost Coast. This isn't even lack of expanded research, this is lack of research.
Dude, I was considering Texoma this weekend as well, since my son has been asking to get back up there. I was all set (didn't move the gear to my car, not my fault) but then I decided to do the Festival of Joy instead. Bam, freezing.
Go back to the pale tree. 
The OG Gameboy is the DMG, for future reference. 
I'm tired of people telling me what I can't do. They say I can't be a pilot. They say I can't shitpost on /r/IASIP. I'mma do it and I'mma do it right in front of your face.
C'mon, He looks nothing like Dennis.
> I would prefer not to have to fight in a civil war against the actual army

Well, that's part of the problem too. Since the Army is comprised of U.S. Citizens, many of whom both agree and disagree with the president, I can't see how order would be maintained. If the Army is ordered to march on protestors expressing their second amendment right against a tyrant, I'm certain at least a few Soldiers would lay down arms or even join in.

If the president (who can't even understand a war crime) tries to give an order, can it be rejected as an unlawful order? Can the president even attempt to use the Army (Federal troops) on U.S. soil against U.S. citizens?
OwO
The biggest shade thrown here is the 'I am an addict' line with a giant zoom in on Marc.
Stupid Sexy Julians.
When the second map was revealed, I was both excited because I had a ton of new roads to explore instead of the same five from before, and disheartened because I was hoping the game would be over soon.

I actually really liked the game (it kept me company on a few 24 hr shifts), I enjoyed feeling sick from malaria in the middle of a firefight, I liked the guns breaking at just the wrong moment (except, you could just grab fresh 100% conditions in the gun shop every time you passed), and so on but it was just SOOOOO LONG. The respawning outposts were so over done.

But the fire tech. Man, just getting bored and finding new ways to kill those dudes. That was where it was at. Setting up IED traps for convoys, Using the stealth sniper to sneak close enough to lay IEDs all over the place. Actually, I just really liked the IEDs. Sucks the AI was omniscient.
The uPlay overlay lags any game it pops up over for me...

Can't disable it for uPlay games, so I have to have notifications turned off. Everyone has to contact me through outside sources, mainly steam and TeamSpeak so I have no real reason to even run it, except for needing it for Siege.

Meaning uPlay provides me no function except another layer of bullshit.

As an aside, I use GOG Galaxy, Steam, Discord, TeamSpeak, etc. I have enough "overlays" in my life. Origin feels more compitent than uPlay, and the Blizzard launcher is basically an Overwatch updater. uPlay fails to bring anything novel to the table and is therefore redundant and irritating.
No matter how good it feels, don't go near the ~~pool drain~~ Trump Administration
I mean, You try talking your way out of beating the shit out of three woman to a fourth one.

Smooth, Yes. Despicable, also yes.

"Baby, She was crazy" doesn't work for very long.
Worse than it just being the best but man, one smarty shows up and ruins the curve and wham, your B+ knowledge just became a C.
Buck was my main man for all that.
Well, I kind of hate women, so that's a pass from me.
I have a job that requires me to talk to strangers all the time. I sit and chat and get to know people I work around. I liken it to the Sims. I fill my social bar at work so I can sit absolutely silent at home.
oh fuk. I meant the lamp dude.
Well, I'm glad to find this video today. I know what I'm doing two Sundays from now. What's your setup?
He said Dallas and I was like 'fuck I knew that place looked familiar.'

Then he started trashing Waze and my god-given right to do 60 in a school zone.
I know for some it's a stylistic choice, but you may want to crank down the HDR and sharpness.

Stabilize the camera and leave the shutter open for longer.

Unless you did the sharpness in post, in which case, turn down your ISO and leave the shutter open.
Hence my first comment in this chain stating "If it's digital only, it might get through fine"

I was worried about a price hike on a physical variant as at 'Switch Tax' Prices, I couldn't recommend Firewatch.
> If say GTA required you to hold Square or X To get out of a car

To be fair, GTA uses it in some unique ways though. Y (or Triangle) will have you pull the door handle, Holding Y will break the window right away. If you're in a hurry, (e.g. running from the cops) just break the window right off the bat, car alarms be damned. If you're not, look for one that's unlocked so you don't attract attention.

While driving, Y does nothing but if you hold it, you'll dive out of the car at speed.

"Hold X to open door" "Hold Y to pick a lock" are worse where GTA (At least the Online) has some actual hacking minigames and stuff that you usually do in place of simple QTE distractions.
While an interesting take, I always thought of it as a 'shortcut to awesome'

Take this with a grain of salt, but this has been stewing with me since 'Wet"

For older games, Often times the actions were simple. In Mario, you press A to jump, anything awesome that happens is usually in relation to your ability to press A well. As games got bigger, we expected bigger visuals so now instead of just making cool jumps, you have to take out an entire panzer division alone. They're obviously (for good reasons) not going to put a surgeon simulator minigame in the middle of Far Cry's battlefields so that you can revive your partner, but for a game mechanical sense the revive can't be 'free' other wise you just tap them on the shoulder (ala RE 5, and 6) and the 'death' becomes trivial. They can't just have it be an interact with an unskippable removal of control (Gamers will complain about the 'arbitrary wait times' for actions to complete) so what's the answer? Force interaction.

Hold X to push this box, mash x to open doors, press the crouch button rapidly to say hello to your squad mate. All of the 'context sensitive' actions usually have little relation to the buttons you're pressing (Mash your side arm button in a spectacle slasher game to move this lever) but they force interaction.

QTEs are the absolute laziest way to make a character do cool stuff (We need to show the player that Chris is a badass, pressing both triggers to dodge a boulder sounds great!) but the hold button method is like 'You can let go of this at anytime!' so it feels more involved than QTEs. In multiplayer/competitive games it's an actual tactical choice, but in Single player modes/games I feel its a cover for 'We don't know how to make all these actions make sense so just hold X'

I had Call of Duty 3 on the Wii and there was a level when you plant explosives you had to screw in the det cap and press the plungers by making motions with the Wii remotes. This made setting explosives feel like setting explosives. On the Xbox, you hold X to set, hold X to boom. QTEs are in place to make you do things that the engine usually doesn't allow, (and I really hate to draw this comparison) whereas games like Mario Odyssey and Breath of the Wild give you a tool set and allow you to create 'awesome' moments by interacting with the game while, for the most part, not removing direct control of the characters actions.

**Tl;Dr: These Micro-QTEs force your perspective to make you feel like you're doing things, instead of just wasting time holding a button.**

P.S. Don't play Wet. It's a silly movie with a lot of button presses over all the cutscenes.
I mean, Cave Story was $40. The 'Switch Tax' meme is just a recognition of certain Switch games (no matter how deserving of the price) being considerably more expensive.

Or, Shantae Half Genie hero is $19.99 on Steam right now. The Switch version is $39.99. Just because the prices have not been released, does not mean we cannot voice concerns about pricing trends.
Plus, I could much easier recommend walking sims like this (that are already cheaper on Steam) on PC since they're not intensive or competitive. If this gets Switch taxed, it probably won't sell great. Assuming at least a quarter of the Switch owners are dual PC-Switch players.
The thing that kills Firewatch for me (recommending it, I don't really care to buy it again right now) is the Switch tax. If it's digital only, it might get through fine but as it was pretty short at release prices, and doesn't have much replay-ability, so if it has a physical release you could at least resell it.
GTA V first person mode has you covered for all your vomit inducing rolls. 
That's reddit for ya. Always available to critique your nudes before you send them. 
> the least funny person on the crew claims she is a comedian.

Dee's a bird!
Not the asshole, The only help she'll let you do is to have her committed, so you don't need to burn yourself any more than you already are.

My sister has been bad at times but she's never been pissing in people's apple juice. I'd slap her if she did that shit, she's acting like a manipulative child.
She's pissing in folk's apple juice. Literally and Figuratively. The only help he can get her is having her committed.
It is disingenuous to claim that it 'requires' it though, which hot on the heels of the air filter comment I was more just irritated at them.
I had a quick lube place tell me my air filters needed replacement when I went in. I told them I had literally just replaced them before coming in. They said "Are you sure? They're dirty." so I just said "Are you throwing them in for free?" which they scoffed at. Like, don't try to rip me off unless you're giving me free shit dog.

Also, they told me my engine required fully synthetic oil. I asked why to which they replied "It says GDi on the engine." I mean, Synthetic is better but the manual calls for 5w20, not synthetic.
And she gets six of the dozen and five cents, unless you've got kids, then she gets 9 and seven cents.
Don't worry, I'm sure Hyundai is hard at work taking apart Teslas and figuring out how to rebuild it with 99% more rattle at 1/3 of the price.
I remember getting a cord one time that had a 'This cable is known to the state of California to contain materials that cause Cancer" and I was like "Oh shit, I'd better not touch this thing!"

Then I found out that in Cali, Cancer is a meme. Yes, Everything causes Cancer because cell replication causes cancer. Let's slap that warning on babies when they come out!

But, if there has to be a panicking regulatory state that drags the U.S. as a whole kicking and screaming into a clean future, then I'm okay with that and will proudly wear that warning on my forehead.
If someone makes a contribution that, while opposite of my opinion, is on topic but gets downvoted anyway I will upvote them. Even if just back up to 1 instead of 0.

I hope all those people that disagree with me know that I enjoyed their input.
Heck, I let my phone ring one time for like a minute, turned it off after killing the two dudes who rushed me, then stayed in the same spot until the third guy assumed I had to have moved and got him last. It worked opposite that time.

Then again, sometimes I get to turning off the phone and an enemy rushes in to kill me since my team mate decided when I said "Turning off my phone, cover me" to look directly at me instead of the doorway.
Since GOG is well curated, I don't mind release posts. It's not like there's forty indie-pixelart-roguelike-metroidvania-VNs being released every day.

Heck, more things to get me thinking about using GOG instead of Steam, the better.
oh fuk, plz dont ban me.

I'd have no other way to get games then.
Oh shit, I have a Make magazine in my bathroom with some of her work in it.

Sad that this happened to her.
Are you implying that anything involving an Aztec can involve anything other than apathy? This was not a love or a hate-fuck, this was two middle-class, boring fish flopping on a bed until one of them accidentally completes inside the other and nine months later, an Aztec shows up in a plain wooden box with no note outside a firehouse.
A have over a thousand more games than you (On Steam alone), and yet, here I am.
[Funny quip about patient zero]

[Admonishment of said funny quip since Finka is Russian]
Shit man, Buck's Masterkey was the key to opening their skulls. CAMARS for the Apexes and they'd be dead so fast on Pandemic that my teammates would be confused where they went. Shotgun on the Rooters and they'd be swiss.
> the weapon skins were awesome

Which is funny, because I thought the skins were mostly trash but all I wanted was that cool headgear.

Mainly for Buck.
>  Also changing Carmeleta's VA's

And seriously, the third is the worst. It sounds like she's not only getting younger, and softer but also that she has a worse quality mic.
I never played two or three until I picked up the HD collection to replay Sly with my son. I started two and internally was like 'The hell?' but I kept at it and with a straight face because my son was getting into it.

I mean, I still like Thevius Raccoonus the best, but two and three have grown on me.
"Wow!"

"Wow!"

"The final solution is the only solution!"

Chat has been disabled for two seconds. 
I had one in 'Seafoam Green'

I miss that stupid car. 
200+ Hours of MGS V, 80 hours of Rocket League, and countless other hours of other games. No issues with the full pull.

Anecdotal, to be sure, but I have no issues with my SC.
2000's Chevy Aveo/Pontiac G3?
How did the rape scene go?
I mean, I obviously don't think that anyone is purposely trying to turn him into a Caucasian person but if someone took a picture of me and turned 95% of my skin a different color I would think "Why did they make me [x]" where x is whatever color they make it.

Like, Why does he enjoy this? Why did he 'have to repost this edit'? It is objectively terrible unless you're going for the 'Blasted with a bag of flour' look.
I mean, why not just photoshop the rest of him White too? Who looks at that and thinks anything other than "Yeah, they tried to turn him white."
The National Museum of African American History and Culture in D.C. was funded in part by Bank of America.

The same Bank of America that got in trouble for discrimination against African Americans.

Yeah.
You know what? You're not an asshole.

If the first man had said "Hey, this lady needs your seat" then you both scooted past each other or something then fine. He didn't help or tell the driver to wait a second or anything. If we're assuming the elderly person was nearly invalid (as they didn't or couldn't say anything themselves) and needing his care then he needs to be vocal to allow others to assist him and provide extra time for things to get done.

Then, this woman in the front apparently watched this all go down and was cool with not telling the driver that you were trying to get off. "Hey, Driver, Hold up." she could've said and bam, situation again resolved. Instead, she wants you to shut up because 'you're creating tension', tension that she could've relieved.

To be fair to them, I don't really think they're assholes either. I can see from the woman's point of view that she just wanted to ride on a quiet bus, so like whatever. The man could've been so caught up in taking care of her because she'd just been injured or something and was in a fragile state, plus he might have been shushing you because she's very conscious of how she inconveniences people and man does it suck to get old and realize the world is leaving you behind.

So, Yeah, there were plenty of failures to communicate here. The biggest positive to come out of this is you have the frame of mind to recognize that perhaps your behavior wasn't the most societally polite.

What does tete-a-tete mean though? Google translate makes it out to be "This was a private conversation" which seems rude-ish.

So, basically, You're aware that you were rude. If you don't make a habit out of it, you're not an asshole. Maybe next time, call out "Hold the door" or something of the like, might help alert the driver of the situation.
Well, He has to open his hood to show people. A bit more subtle than a swastika on the arm, ya know?
Woah woah! I don't know if I can make that deal guys.
I can understand that, thanks for the insight! 
I mean, This actually makes me feel better.

If every miss gets me closer to Hoss Bonaventure's driver, then I will miss every egg I can.
Is this a concept? Because if not, I have a kidney that I can probably sell to get one.

I like it, in short.
This is a bit of an odd question, obviously, but do you find yourself 'relating' more to female heroes than male one?

I'm a male, but I often don't really think about 'relating' to my characters and often times will choose a female character (just to have something different from my daily life of being a guy) but I relate more to their actions (loss of family, murdering everything, etc, etc) than their gender.

I'm not trying to claim that gender is your only 'badass' criteria but I find myself more engrossed in a character if I understand *them* not so much based on them being 'a badass dude'

I mean, after all, Duke Nukem is a badass and I don't relate to him at all, Joanna Dark however, I can relate to her on a lot more levels.
I always liked Maleshep more than Femaleshep, so I was surprised to find that the internet decided the opposite was true.

I think it comes down to personal preference but man, Maleshep nailed that kooky non-hard sci-fi commander voice most of the time.
> went on a murder spree within an hour or so of making landfall on the island

He was vacationing on the island before his murder spree. I'm being pedantic but he was on the island for an undisclosed amount of time before he became T-Dudebrousand, wasn't he?

I could be wrong, it's been a while.
You S'Wit!
Are... Are you implying that Naomi Campbell is a pig?
*floats into the vacuum of deep space*

*whispers* "biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch"
> at least based on the information we have now.

And this is why I'm patient. Because no matter what Security Clearance I hold, I know less than nothing.
\> Sees Swangas

\> Sees Texas Temp tags

\> even needs to ask if it's Houston

kek.
I had thought it was for comments as well, but I could be wrong.
Well, I'm a dude and find two chicks kissing hot. It's probably the same thing.
Reddit is larger but they did admit that they changed the counter to now 'accurately' reflect number of votes and that previous scores were lower than the actual number of net votes.
M'icrosoft
> which is of no use to anyone

Anyone human. I don't think we can say what the ecological impact of preventing rainfall in any area, even over the water, would really be.
I'll just start wearing a balaclava while I drive.
I had a Samsung A900 back in the day and I actually never heard what the ringtone was. The vibration was so powerful I could put it under my pillow at night and the vibration would wake me up.

That phone was baller.
Didn't RF2 severely reduce RF1's level of terrain destructibility? I recall playing RF2 (Haha, Jason Statham is the only reason I replay it) and being disappointed because of the massive increase in non-destructible things.
Honestly, I hated the fact that 90% of the game was me holding down the 'repair' button. I get that you needed it since you could destroy your exits to rooms and junk but still. The reason destruction was so fun in RF:G was because you could dynamically react to things and still complete your mission.

I was gonna make a reference to RF1 but I tried to thing of a situation where I used Geomod super tactically then. I know there were obviously levels where I used it but they just don't stand out anymore. I should replay that game. For some reason, I can only think of that bullshit underwater level.
***not*** gay sex.
>  Iâ€™m thinking of going back. 

WHOA WHOA WHOA, Don't do anything drastic man!

You can just use the normal Steam library display. Steam allows you to make desktop configs for Xbox controllers and shit, just set it up to work as a mouse and use as normal.

I mean, I only use BPM because it auto sets the display to my TV instead of my monitor but even then, I preset everything before touching the couch and simply launch the games I want as I plop down.
Just go with it.
> You know what you can't knock over? A sphere.

Consider the spherical cup.
Like most of my choices in women and cars. Trash, but works when it counts.
'Set'? That's an M249, there's only 'Safe' and 'Auto' on that baby. Once the bolt is open she's rarin' to go.

Now I miss my SAW.
'Not a sociopath, buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut...'
> Going to call my mom now. Not tomorrow. 

Well, it's four a.m. here. Five for her. She might be awake but my kid is sleeping. Technically I guess I should say 'I'll call her later today.'
Well, I hope it brings a smile to your face but I'm currently working on a 1500 mile wifi fix and Laptop hard drive replacement!

It's odd to think about it but I was... loathing the thought of that with all the rain. My mom will sometimes not tell me when she's having little issues like with the sound not working or something then she's like 'Well, last month the sound stopped working...' and I'm like 'That's a two second fix! Why didn't you tell me?' then I get all fucking sad when she's like 'I didn't want to bother you.'

Guh. I'm gonna call tomorrow.
So, if this is a double-trap, and traps aren't gay, then this is gay.

And if this is gay, I guess I'm gay.
All the lack of choice of a Vinyl, All the portability of an MP3, and all the hipster cred of 'Retro' tech!

To be fair, I like records because I put them on and then songs play. I don't get to hit skip, I just get to flip it when its done playing. Outside of the house though, Spotify has like 400 songs downloaded on my phone, which I can stream to the chromecast hooked up to the same system as my turntable.

Music is too damn easy these days. I remember being psyched to have a big ass MP3 player because it meant carrying less CDs with me (Or that big ass tape box that stayed in the car) and not having to deal with making a CD mix of like 50 different single songs that I liked enough to deal with hitting skip 30 times when I eventually got sick of them.
Honestly, It's similar to Korea in the "Wildly ignoring everything painted on the roads" aspect but much more aggressive. I've been flipped off more times than I can count by people who almost hit me than anything else.

On average I drive something like five miles a day and still manage to almost get hit at least once daily. The other day, A driver turned the wrong way down a one way street, while a van was trying to exit it, almost squishing me in the narrowly prevented mashup, and the driver rolled down his window to yell at me. 

No headlights at night, no turn signals at all, over the limit on surface streets, under the limit on 50% of the highway, and the worst part is I can't even reasonably assume that whomever hits me is insured.
> I wonder how many lives this stopping vs moving at 1mph has saved vs how much it has taken in extra emissions?

Look, I'm all for saving the environment but I've been almost hit by two cars in the past two weeks and one had the gall to flip me off after I jumped back from their car barrelling through the sign. 

The person going 60 in a 30 will slam on their brakes with 10 feet to spare, slow down to 10 and 'roll' through. A California Roll is not some safe, fun semi-yield. I mean, after living all across the US, I'd be just as likely to call it a Texas or Maryland roll than anything else.

I'm sure there's more emissions caused by cars sitting in traffic on 75, 95 or the 405 than those of us sneaking around on backstreets with stop signs.
I mean, Dallas was on my mind but I've ~~driven~~ avoided death in Houston before.
I can't see his score, so I don't know if you're lying or not. Better blindly join in, in case you weren't.
Imagine this, if you have a four-way stop and everyone just rolls up (while obviously checking their phone since the car is going slower), misses all the other traffic behind their massive A pillars, doesn't check their sides for pedestrians, and assuming that the car directly across is going straight since their blinkers aren't on (because who uses those anyway?), so it's fine to just roll through right?

Even without that perfect storm of idiocy, it's stupid easy to miss a pedestrian on the side of your car. Stop signs are used in places where they actively want to impede the flow of traffic for a variety of reasons. Yields are much less likely in residential settings (where this sign is) since traffic has to be regulated by things like stop signs because if you just gave Americans a straight stretch of road with a sign that said 30, and a bunch of 'Go ahead through if it's clear!' signs, they'd be mad maxing down that shit at 60 before you know it with tons of accidents chalked up to "WELL I DIDN'T SEE THEM THERE!"

Stop means stop. You put the sign there because you want people to stop. THAT'S THE POINT OF PUTTING IT THERE. The purpose is to make sure that you have full stopped your vehicle and checked your surroundings, not the .1% of your brake pads life the local township has maliciously robbed you of.

You stop your car fully because it is a two-ton pile of pain that is powered by explosions and by god is it dangerous.
\> attempts to caulk post

\> post sinks in river of downvotes
> Dunmer or no.

You S'wit!
Hey man, 'Mottzilla' and Unreal are a dangerous combo when everyone else in the house uses AOL and downloads the first song off of Napster. How were they to know such insidious things were lurking on the computer?

To be fair to them though, they listen to me now.
> Actually the boy learns that the gift is just a momentary distraction to the misery of life and no longer puts such stock in material happiness since life is just one repeat disappointment after another.

Alternatively, he sees the momentary distraction as the only distraction, gets an unhealthy obsession with material objects chasing that high of temporarily forgetting his pain, which eventually leads him to hard drugs, and then overdose.
My favorite thing as a kid was getting grounded from using the computer, then getting promptly asked to come fix it.

"I CAN'T BECAUSE I'M GROUNDED, REMEMBER?!"

God, I was a little shit.
Would it still be a REEEEE?
I ended up in a hospital one Christmas morning because of my Dad and I'm still curious what the secret ingredient in those Mom's X-mas cookies are.
To be totally fair, I would be more likely to acquiesce to a Wookiee than your standard Tumblrina... I mean, if a Wookiee will rip your arms off over chess, imagine what they look like ***fully triggered***.
> GTA approach to social commentary and make it really over-the-top

Some of the best of the over-the-top goofiness (of 3 at least, last one I played) was in the codex entry things. There was one about how Mercs listen to dubstep because all bad people do.
There are no lesser Texans, just smaller hats. Calling them lesser Texans is fightin' words.
I have heard neutered to describe that situation more often than nerf. Nerf only works in this context since we're talking nerdy, but more often nerf is associated with video game balancing patches.

I would say that in no way is that unusual usage. 
Yeah, but like, there's a third person there just rubbing butts with one of you. 696 is like the lamest part of the orgy but still interesting from an anthropological stance. 
I died laughing when I ordered something around $50 and they told me no one was there to sign for it but left an $800 laptop sitting on the ground by my door.
I died laughing when Amazon said my package was delivered and it wasn't there and the "Where is my package?" link says "Wait 24-48 hours, it might show up."

Bitch? If this shit is stolen, let's get right on it. If it's marked delivered, it should be here. No ifs ands or buts.

I didn't use to have problems with packages but at my current place I've had like, six incidents. The best was when they missed delivery (I was home), then told me it was lost, then gave me a UPS box... with someone else's makeup in it, then told me it was lost again, and then finally 'found' it.
Stephen Hawking had better form than that.
Und vhat did I do to get stabbed? 
[Netflix?](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2016-10/4/6/asset/buzzfeed-prod-fastlane01/sub-buzz-1856-1475577686-1.jpg?downsize=715:*&output-format=auto&output-quality=auto)
ME TOO FELLOW SENTIENT ORGANIC-BASED LIFE. THIS VIRUS DESERVES LIFE IN THE QUARANTINE SECTION OF THE COUNTY ANTI-VIRUS.
Christopher Titus had a couple of good ones about hitting women but I think my favorite was "I don't think a man should EVER hit a woman... until the 5th time she cracks him in the face."
Aren't you just supposed to learn CPR? Doesn't that fix it?
It is because the San Andreas fault is a transform boundary and not a divergent one.
So, they just have to allow basically all film makers. Put out a grant to create an new industry awards show where a somehow magically impartial judge panel can choose from a ton of movies that just so happen to include Netflix ones.

Or, We can all realize that Netflix knows it doesn't need awards, as long as they can hide when they produce utter crap by completely changing their rating system.
Was his dad 'The Boulder'? Because if not, missed opportunity.
Shes... Shes just fooling around, right? That's not her seriously trying, right? 
Fox News is on at 100% volume at the VA? Bam, phone to the rescue.

Got drunk and 'lost' the remote again? Bam, phone to the rescue.
> DnD mode for bedtime

I spent a full thirty seconds imagining my phone turning into my Gamemaster to play a quick campaign with in bed.
The amount of trouble people had with ordering the wrong shit at the WaWa kiosks you'd think that it's simpler to just order your hoagie by human.

So many times I just walked around the counter, punched in their order, and then went and made it. Then they'd still have other shit they forgot.
I dunno, that one has 69 in the middle, so it's at least interesting to someone.
Well, the /s is there because it was supposed to be humor. I do think socialist states are susceptible to corruption as well but this post was about me making fun of capitalists. Since humans are susceptible to corruption, any system that involves them (or at least has input from them) will be susceptible to it as well.

Since all forms of human government are prone to corruption, I guess the only solution is to kill everyone, but since that's no fun, I'm just going to make fun of the current system which has proven to be corrupt.
I guess it depends on the attractiveness level of those 50 potential mates.
> Harvest Moon/Animal Crossing meets Deadly Premonition?

Tom Nook would be the Raincoat Killer, wouldn't he?
Well, I mean, the percentage just has to be adjusted to 98.9%, ya know?
> 99.9%+ positive that anyone with a VAC ban is a piece of shit than the alternative.

Way for MW2 to fuck that all up, huh? 
I think complaining about people discussing the game they play adds so much to the community. It's people with bold, unique ideas like you that really make up the meat and potatoes of GW2.
I read this and thought (based on Schafer's more recent works) "But why?"

I mean, I'd much rather have Will Wright spending that money to make us more *good* Sim style games than keeping Spacebase DF-9 level failures around.

Then I read the article and realized he had saved Psychonauts. http://archive.is/on8E2

So, this wasn't Spacebase that Will saved but Psychonauts, so thanks Papa Will.
Unless you like bad memes with ASCII pictures of tanks and shit. In which case, soldier on!
Well, combine /r/nintendoswitchdeals on eShop credit with eShop sales and bam, digital games for cheap.
At least we know they don't Crossfit.
The only real gripe I have with physical games on the Switch (outside of having to get up off my couch, ugh) is that putting games into the Switch feels like crap. 

I pull up the little rubber stopper thing, the Switch pops out of it's dock, I pop the tiny cart out of the Switch and have to hold it between two of my fingers while I fumble with the other cart, I push the new cart in (which thankfully reseats the Switch in the dock), close that little rubber thing, and flop my ass back on the couch.

I don't know how to improve it, so this seems like complaining without a solution but I'm totally open to suggestions if you guys know how to make it easier.
J.P must've seen it as a flaw and donated generously to get it fixed.

Just another time where pure, uncorrupted free-market capitalism fixed inefficient government bureaucracy out of the kindness of their hearts. /s
I had an 04 Neon. Unquestionably a terrible car but man did I get irritated when Dodge said "The Neon was bad? What did we do? Make the advertising too cute?"

Stupid Caliber ads.
I wear the yellow jacket over my black top. That way I can throw the jacket off (usually out car windows) if the situation changes. I almost always do it more for dramatic flair than anything else.
Haha, Thanks bro! Glad you finally set me straight! We do need more people like you in the world, maybe one day when all these pesky 'obligations' I have are cleared up, work will magically appear in an area that isn't here!
The lack of branding is a plus but man do those slots on the inside reek of 'This will fall apart in one use'
Houses in the part of town were someone kicked down a front door in the middle of the day to rob the house are ~$300,000 USD.

Granted, Houses in the "Used to be 'starter homes' but now they're next to Korea town so prices have plummeted" are also ~$300,000.

They're currently in the process of raising rent in the neighborhood used to house Iraqi and Somali refugees from ~$600 a month for a one bedroom to $900+... but hey, she's got a new coat of paint!
I just bring a tablet in with me. No sense investing 300+ dollars into another thing to make me sit in the bathroom way longer than I need to. 
Mech keyboard Junkies can be a bit... Fervent when it comes to membrane keyboards. If you want a quality board that shouldn't break down, mechanical is the way to go. If you don't want a loud keyboard, linear non-clicky switches like Cherry Blacks, or Reds are your best bet. 
> I heard Razer's membrane keyboards are equally good. 

> I just don't want the keyboard to break or have issues in a year.

I had a Razer non-mech for a grand total of three months before it started having issues. Back in 2012 too. I got a cheap-o Logitech that still works to this day.

My buddy got a cheap-o Kahlih board and his A and D are dead now a few months later while my Cherry Black has been going for four or five years now.
> It's indestructible for now.

The amount of vodka I've spilled on this thing (and times I've basically soaked it in isopropyl to unstick keys), on the day it dies I will give it a viking funeral and I won't even need under it to burn it.
The La-Li-Lu-Le-Lo?!
\>tfw you bought a 300r some years back, thinking 'I don't want to have to buy cases all the time. Just get one big enough for pretty much any build you'd ever want and keep it for as long as you could' and now spend all your time looking at the Prodigy and other MITX cases.

It's like looking at all the sleek 'floating' key RGB keyboards they make nowadays, and then looking at my Meka G1 that won't die. I bought a mech keyboard because I wanted something that would last and goddammit, it did... Now I can't justify upgrading since it won't die.
Good for you, so has everyone else. Except for those that haven't, they were surviving though.
You can survive a cancer and still die to a cancer. Also, technically, you're a survivor until you're not, then you were a survivor. 
Rude man who sushes please call
QUIET, GODDAMIT! YOU'RE WASTING MY TIME!
> ruby

Rupee 
Didn't Cid throw himself off the airship with a bomb in his hands in V?

And live.

Cid Highwind is just vulgar is all. Cid has always had a badass streak longer than his dick.
> Same way people say "I am stuck in traffic" as opposed to the more accurate "I am traffic".

Not really though, I understand zipper merging, safe following distances, and how to use my fucking blinker. The Range Rover that whipped into my lane without a turn signal and then immediately whipped back out into another causing both lanes to have to brake suddenly is traffic.

Shitty games on Steam are that Range Rover. If everyone just used their fucking blinker and wasn't complete cancer, we'd have less traffic. If people didn't make shit games (asset flips, baby's first game shit), we could have an 'open' Steam without a shitty Steam.

So, we need cops who actually care about enforcing traffic laws (Other than just speeding) and a Valve who actually cares about standards or we have a classic tragedy of the commons case, where a few perverse actors ruin everything.

There is such a thing as too many people using something ruining it, because they don't care about the thing like more invested (or niche) users do.
> What a cruel fate for a man who has done no wrong. 

'Catch five Olive Flounders over 85.0 cm'

Nearly non-stop fishing for that whole event and I caught 4. He can go home for all I care.
> but they are also spades

I know the idiom is about garden tools but I think evangelicals would take issue with being called spades.
It's a bathroom. We're in there to void our bowels. As long as you don't shit in the urinal, you're fine.
Honestly, for all the X360 controllers I've done, outside of realigning the rubber contacts and one busted battery pack on a shell, it's stupid easy. You only 'trash' it if you're callously careless. Otherwise it's just removing some screws and reinserting them basically.

Besides, those shells look gorgeous.
>  I'll have It's Raining Men ready in case the crowd calls for an encore.

DADT got repealed, so they'll still draft you.
Three hours sounds underleveled. It only took me like one and a half. 
Fuck over 70 man, I'd be fine with per decade re-testing, post-ticket retesting, and post-accident retesting. And this is as someone who's had plenty of accidents and tickets. Hell, I'd do them annually if they gave me an insurance credit for it.
You are better at gyro than me and/or have more accepting places to play in because I totally cannot.
> USA Respect and Authority: decreasing every day

My Sides: Ever approaching the edge of the known universe.
I have a hard time using the whole range of motion of the stick based on the location of the stick and shallowness of the grip in portable mode but since BotW relies more on the buttons than the camera (for the most part) it's okay for me. I can't aim for shit with the bow (and I'm not in situations where it's socially acceptable to flail around with the gyro aim).

I generally avoid FPSes on the Switch because of this as already have enough really good games and a PC to play FPSes on.

Basically, instead of putting my thumb tip on the top of the right stick, in portable mode my thumb knuckle rests on the tip 'comfortably' which makes down/right/up awkward.
This reminds me of Star Ocean: The Last Hope. The AI was so useless despite all my leveling that I spent the entire final boss battle playing as my Healer so that she would continually spam heals instead of just faffing off. Then the AI took control of my other characters and... spammed regular attacks.

Fuck that battle too forever.
I never got into it but my son's mother freakin' loved that game.
God, That would work so well for big hands. I can't stand the current lower stick in portable mode.
Yeah, these drawbacks are a pretty big deal for me but hopefully these will encourage Nintendo to make a fully featured one (I already have three sets of Joy Cons, Nintendo please don't. I'm too tempted already to buy custom Joy Con cases.) because that would be a day one buy.
Forget that other guy, I won't rip you off.

$3.51
Well, If you can swing through Texas, I've got plenty of cameras and sound equipment.
I hate to sound like an ass but man, I love hearing you uncomfortable around jellyfish and Stilt Striders.

Am I a terrible person? It legitimately brings a smile to my face. I just want a hurricane or typhoon to dump jellyfish all over your house mid-livestream.
What's that roof basket?

Also, get a lot of rubbing on those tires? 
> It wouldnâ€™t have any change on his combat readiness

Well, He can't see out of one eye. From a game stand point that doesn't change anything but try going through all of tomorrow with one eye closed. Since I'm right eye dominant, if I lost that one I'd be fucked.
Thinks for thanking of me. 
Just bring a wad of hundreds and a magnum condom and you'll be ready to plow. 
Got it, First ones named Pascal, the second one is Justin.
Dennis is cool with that, as long as he's getting off. It's about wearing another man's skin... Do you want to get off?
> "damn I sure wish I could have 200 million a year in profit".

They've already reinvested in other companies that they'll suck dry.
The diagonal tearing? Nah, not since I last played it (A few months ago for what its worth) still a good game though and isn't too noticeable.
You missed the 'Wash your mate out of the ball turret' objective.
The hardest part about deleting Facebook is that people keep asking for you on Facebook so you have to explain that you deleted it and then they ask things like 'Why?' and 'How do you keep in touch?' and I can't just answer like 'Who cares?'
For every two bad bricks, there's 998 good bricks in a wall. It's important to see both.
I just like the trike because the sidecar isn't as obstructed as someone riding bitch. Plus, it feels fun, like a Wes Anderson war movie.
> But you work with what you've got when there's no alternative.

I mean, there's plenty of alternatives.
The devs keep patching in more medical tech to keep you alive though, so if you're playing a suicideless any%, you'd be better going combat arms and trying to deploy.

Or maybe just a job that involves lots of driving on American roadways during heavy drinking holidays.
When the 1 Rifles came over for training I managed to get a few of their MREs. The boxes were unwieldy, and they don't field strip as well, but goddamn if I didn't keep one in my trunk as emergency food.
I have a feeling I'm going to like these shirts a lot more when I'm as high as shit on crack.
Internet comment cat fights are the worst as they have ~99% chance of not showing a titty and with cam girls its even worse since they're titties you have seen before.

The only one I've ever witnessed was stupid as hell and left a trail of comments that spammed other pics... like a bad meme you somehow miss but everyone else picks up.
[Smart Audiobook Player](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ak.alizandro.smartaudiobookplayer&hl=en) and various youtube downloaders (pwn) is my solution to that.

Don't know if there's an iOS version.
"YOU'RE JUST GOING TO SPEND IT ON MORE CRYPTO GPUS YOU DIRTY BUM!"
Oh gosh, I completely misread that. Thanks, I feel dumb but still dislike extra high wings.
I've always disliked the super high wings, didn't realize they were useless too.
> Straightforward and no bull.

I know it's a cultural thing but I could hardly describe two close-ups on two women making out 'no bull'.

Edit: Since I'm sitting at -8 I may as well clarify that I'm not against anyone making out with their partner of choice. I'm just saying, If you show me any military recruitment ad that includes women making out, that's bull. Commonly, Recruitment ads are targeted at young men and there's a large number of young men who enjoy seeing women make out with each other. Unless there was something lost in translation, or the ad was targeted primarily at women then they're using sex to sell service. Par for the course worldwide but c'mon people.
'Army Strong' 'Army of One' 'Be All That You Can Be' 'Today's Army Wants to Join You' 'Look Sharp, Be Sharp, Go Army!'

Those are the U.S. Army's last five slogans. In chronological order.

'Army Strong' is jokingly twisted to 'Retard Strong', 'Army of One' got shot down because no one Soldier is an army of one. 'Be all' was a product of the 80s, and got ended after 2001 and, I mean, just look at the last two.

Plus, The Air Force had 'Cross into the blue'.
Rayman Legends was like silk. Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, was just fluid and you could control your speed so well.

God I love that game.
But what about Ja Rule?
> "pro-tip: you can cancel the animation for using the spike by swapping weapon sets for more time to place additional spikes"
> 
> 
> 
> didn't know that , thank you <3

pro-tip: you can use \> before a line of text to quote it in your reply. Also, Highlighting the text before hitting reply will auto quote it.

(Not trying to be snarky! Just helpful!)
It's been a while since I've seen it and I was so transfixed on young Christopher Walken (It's hard to believe he was ever a young dude, ya know?) then I suddenly noticed the startling number of jump cuts in that scene alone.
> The Godfather was only Dunkaccino's second film


> there's so much visual clutter that I have no idea if I'm still even next to the enemy I was fighting anymore.

Oh, there's a great indicator, watching your damage numbers disappear two hits after activating Warrior GS 2 since the enemy is constantly hopping one inch out range while you try to spam stability since ***everything*** is a knockback attack these days.
> 1 person with a phallic object up their butt

Well, Two people. We just don't know the other person's name.
> he seemed very dismissive of her.

I mean, That's Bo.
Miguel O'Hara, The Hispanic dude.

Also a genius scientist. I just liked Cyber Spidey is all.
I'm irked that in the push for more diverse characters we ***still*** haven't gotten a 2099 Spidey in TV or Movies.
UNSOLICITED OPINIONS ON ISRAEL has nothing to do with it.
To be fair to DBS, I will always remember the secret to making a good omelet.
As I understand it, sadly no. 
Basically, the only way you can fuck up dropping plates is if you rebound your special action from middle mouse button to alt+F4.

It's so simple, a free fifty points, and STILL FUCKERS DON'T DO IT. 
I mean, They're creepy but harmless.
I had an older Ford and I went out and bought a dash kit for it and went to wire it up and none of the wires were correct. I was so confused. The box said I had the right kit, and it was an early 2000s Ford. Finally did some research, Mine had the 'premium' audio option installed so I needed to buy a wiring harness for a 80s VW instead.
Which is mildly infuriating if you've bought a ton of them but I suppose it's a necessary change, what with how much operators cost for new players, the attachments were an added expense that de-incentivized experimenting with scopes.
Heck, exercise barely burns as much as a single meal on a 2000 cal diet. Exercise is for the muscle and cardio. Diet is for the weight.

Now, if only beer weren't so delicious. 
> the outrage over Outbreak packs is because you can't choose what you get

I use Buck for Outbreak and I just want to get him protective headgear...

"Fresh Air" Buck? YOU NEED A MASK.
Yo, If McCabe needs a couch to crash on, who's available? I'd take him in but he'd have to spring for gas to get down here.
> Butler saying he's using lag to survive...

I mean, Lag Switches are a thing. Though, I agree that Gamer was stupid.
'Cause it ain't fucking there.
>  I'd like to say she never did this again and the whole store clapped for me, but unfortunate she did it again the next day

I see someone preempted the /r/thathappened comments.

I really, really hate speakerphone unless I'm alone and audibly isolated or need to involve multiple people on the call.
Shit, On the C-130 in, I lifted up my vest and hung it up on the cargo netting while using the nape protector to hold my kevlar upright so it didn't weigh on my neck.

Despite the thousand hours on my couch after the fact I cannot compare any sleep I've gotten to the 'Welp, I might die soon' sleep.
Charlie Work is the most relevant episode to most people and 100% the best single episode to watch (since it's been removed from Netflix, fuck Hulu) but honestly every episode has its amazing moments. Charlie Work is unfortunately another amazing episode in a simply amazing show. I mean, Mac and Dennis move to the Suburbs? The Gang Buys a Boat? Heck, Even the Gang Gets Racist has so many amazing moments, I can't compare it to anything.

From start to finish, The best way to watch Sunny is from start to finish. Again and again. Until the heat death of the universe.
They could give me a full lobotomy and my useless corpse would probably still remember BD 1a as assaulting an enemy MG position and I didn't even have  a useful MOS.
> BattleDrill Alpha

That's Battle Drill 1a. Which is if the platoon makes contact with an enemy. You mean to say Battle Drill 5, which is building clearing.
Don't cut it at all. Fold it in half and call it a 'Large American Taco'.
> video game convention or something like

\> Tweet says at SXSW

\> 'video game convetion or something'

Dude.
Plus, Since they've become kitschy, they've ballooned in cost for the most part.
I mean, the plastic swingers and gore-plow are garbage but if it just had two or so inches of lift and all the rest of the probably just for show mods it'd look pretty cool.
/r/geekguys and /r/aubreyplaza have the same Jawline. 
The fade out on They've Actually Gotten Worse Live was simultaneously hilarious and disappointing.
Rancid is Rancid, They seem to be one of the more divisive bands, at least with people I know. If you like them, it's a solid cover. If you don't, huge surprise, you won't like it.
> Downvoting? You must have a reason - kindly let me know.

Quit coming in here all happy and realistic with a partner who accepts you for who you are and you'll stop getting downvoted.
I mean, Look how hard they cropped it to avoid watermarks.

You don't even have the thousands place on the left most snorlaxes... Apparently he started getting up in 996.
Curse you Breacher Chibi. The moment I get close, I get it taken away again. Clearly, Ubi doesn't want me to have it.
When I was younger, my mom had a little black and white TV, 7 or 9 inches or so, in the kitchen and she'd watch TV while washing the dishes or something.

I have a Nexus 7 that streams YouTube, Netflix, and Spotify in mine.
> not 45+

Technically, BotW can be beaten in about an hour. Halo *forces* you to play through all those levels.
That one three brake car though...
Because you would have to hyphenate six-month but not "5 times"? 
Select all tiles that include the country of Iraq
> oft-mansplained

Reeeeeee? 
Bwhaha, sorry. My habit of ignoring videos and reading the article would catch up with me eventually. 
She turned the weapon over to the police after destruction. She claims the weapon was further disassembled and handed over to the police. The police confirmed it was in their possession.
>Many of them referred to details contained within the ***Sawed-Off Shotgun and Sawed-Off Rifle Act***

If you'll notice, emphasis mine, the name of the Act is "Sawed-Off Shotgun and Sawed-Off Rifle Act" so, including Sawed-Off Shotgun was a matter of literal importance, for accuracy.
I mean, they literally make friends with the villains over and over again. They had a Christmas ice skating party with Luna Girl.
Which is funny because I can basically hear this in his 'Hannibal explaining things' voice.
> Western liberals

[And Western Conservatives](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/mar/04/donald-trump-praises-xi-jinping-power-grab-give-that-a-shot-china)
If you're hungry, drink a glass of water. If you're still hungry, drink another.
> They don't seem to follow the esports scene that much.

Probably don't even play games tbh
> "angry ~~neck~~ legbeards ~~gamers~~."


Man, Planetside was so good.
Two Andromedas usernames who happen to know each other...

Unidan, is this your new day job?
That's the great thing about ~~Linux~~ humanity, if you don't like it, fork it!
> intentional or not

You know damn well it's intentional. Good art but 100% on purpose.
Did you notice the stack of them behind the one in focus? Odds are they plan to.
Me: "Okay, Before I begin the final render, please approve Draft_1.2 since the full quality render will take much longer to generate."

Them: "Got it, Looks great!"

\*Day later\*

Me :"Here's the final full quality. Everything should be in order and rights are granted to you for use."

Them: "Looks great! Can we change this logo and cut this part?"

Me: "Yes, however regular rates will apply during rendering time."

I don't mind the extra money for next to no work, I mind the fact that I DO ROUGH DRAFTS FOR A REASON.
But who gets credit for helping the world? The engineer who built the road or the aid workers who delivered aid or the person who threw 20 cents into a tray at Starbucks?
FREEZER NEEDS TO FIT TWENTY BURRITOS, NEXT! 
Inventory Space, Time saved, and Laziness are a hell of a drugs.
You can easily turn it off or leave your playlist on repeat.
They don't curate those ads and leave users open to risk. I would enjoy supporting worthwhile content and do whitelist sites that take at least some precaution/responsibility but I cannot simply leave myself or other computers that I support open to vulnerabilities.

The problem with 'guilting' people for using adblockers is that there is an actual quantified risk in not using one. For a computer literate person, they can make this decision to block or not, but a computer that I touched doesn't leave my sight without at least one variant of an adblocker.

Spotify curates it's ads. I wouldn't bother blocking them but I've always just paid my $10.
\*Gasps in Tobey Maguire\*
ITS ALWAYS A FUCKING TRAVESTY WITH YOU MAN! WHAT WAS THAT SHIT ABOUT VIETNAM?!
I ended up just going to Fry's to look at TVs in person to pick one out. Walked in, found one I liked, Checked RTings in store, bought it and walked out. I'd been browsing for TVs for like months on Amazon.
'Hey, I made this guy doomfist and roadhog twice each already. Out of all the heroes, who could I pick for this guy? I KNOW! DOOMFIST!
Look, I know it's annoying but it's more annoying to see my son run into a wall and cry for help when he's holding the goddamn controller upside down. THEY'RE COLOR CODED. IT'S NOT HARD.
Fuck man, Basketball RPG would be amazing. You'd think Golf Story would be a predecessor to so much. 
To be fair, I'd rather go to Pussy's than Dick's.

I mean, I'm comfortable in my sexuality, but the idea of entering dicks just sounds odd. Dicks aren't entered, they enter. I'd feel like a tic-tac to a whale entering a pussy's that big but damn if I wouldn't laugh.

Besides, "I'm going to pussy's to grab some balls!" sounds like actual, non-rapey locker room talk.
So what you're saying is that before a judge sentences some, they should get a warm cup of hot cocoa and a quick snuggle from a puppy?
> fifa, madden, driving games

To be fair to driving games, There are plenty of subgenres. You don't like realism? You've got Mario Kart. Don't like cartoony games but don't want to buy a VR rig and Racing wheel? Arcade racers like NFS or Forza Horizon. Prefer realism? Assetto Corsa. Don't like racing? Euro Truck Simulator.

I could keep going but there are at least more variations on the form than $60 for roster update simulator.
Add 1 to cart

'You have exceeded the max number for this item'

Your cart is empty

It's not showing sold out, does Amazon just hate me now?
I remember seeing that one girl get crushed (vague, to avoid spoilers) but really after Season 2 I felt like it was getting cringier and cringier. I really hope the purpose was to make me totally hate Piper because by god I did. Literally everyone else in the show was more likeable... and (more than) one of them was a rapist.
But hey, Orange is the New Black, amirite?
I feel like his was a facetious response as well.

At least, I hope so.
Plus, Humble Monthly Bundle
/r/nintendoswitchdeals
Most recently, I read on Nintendo Switch deals that apparently 'everyone' is saying the Yellow Joycons are going to be discontinued! I quickly googled 'Yellow Joy Con Discontinued' and got... the exact reddit post I was googling from.
Cash rules everything around me?
> Untraceable kidnapping and never hear from them again. Russian govt is scary as shit.

THIS IS NOT A WHATABOUTISM

Though, Getting black bagged by the CIA if you're a backwoods farmer in Afghanistan is probably pretty similar.
C'mon now, we'd all prefer the Nintendo HD vibration. Plus, it would come in more fun colors. 
OWWWWWW! 
'I hate the system! Fuck the system! Also, maybe me too while you're at it? I bet it'll piss off your dad, whom I might add is part of the system.'
Those KY Jellys for 'sensitive' people?

Yeah, He can't feel his dick anymore and she's getting upset because he's starting to push rope.

'I can't feel you there' there being her vagina

'Be more like me and be less like you' he'd rather cum quickly than not at all. 
I can hear it now...

>What? Background? Like the internet background? Google is showing a little picture of some doctor lady, is that what you mean?
Except for when he won't even fight Lizalfoes (Thanks Wolf Link, for letting me cook dinner) but keeps wanting to sprint headfirst into Hinox territory.

Like, c'mon dude, I love you but I want to feed you. Could you not find every enemy on the map?
Someone had to take the picture.
My mom only could hear out of one ear, so CC was always on. First it helped when watching foreign films because I could read fast enough to keep up, then it helped later when I started losing hearing in one of my ears as well. 
Shame is a personal emotion. I never said I told them to stop. It's like watching someone you know get fat for no reason. I'm not going to tell them how to live their life. I will be disappointed though.

Who the fuck are you to care so much about the fact that I feel shame when I see waste?
It's not even about 'manly men' mods, half the time the 'mods' seen on these Jeeps reduce functionality. 

If someone hands you a wrench and you tape the jaw shut, it's not cooler, it's just useless.
That is true. He simply asked who the fuck cared and I was trying to give some insight into *why* someone would even bother caring.
Few vehicles can be described as uniquely American as the Jeep Wrangler. It's attracted a cult of personality that (almost) anyone (with deep enough pockets) can drive it and look perfectly at home.

It was bad enough for a long time that people who didn't (gasp) take them off-road were allowed to buy them but once you've seen a Wrangler lowered, on 22s with low-pro tires, with an all white paint job without a spec of dirt you get a sense of shame. Of wasted potential. 

The feeling in your heart when you see perfectly good food in the trash. I mean, you're not going to touch it, since it's trash now but damn, someone could've eaten that.
I mean, Hollow Knight is like $10 right now one link down in Game Deals.

Much better use of $10.
ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´

ã€€

ï¼´ï¼¨ï¼©ï¼³ ã€€ï¼­ï¼µï¼³ï¼´ ã€€ï¼¢ï¼¥ ã€€ï¼´ï¼¨ï¼¥ ã€€ï¼·ï¼¯ï¼²ï¼« ã€€ï¼¯ï¼¦ ã€€ï¼¡ï¼® ã€€ï¼¥ï¼®ï¼¥ï¼­ï¼¹ ã€ŒO P E R A T O Rã€ï¼ï¼

ã€€

ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´ ã‚´
> A real men should forget something that happend a day ago

So, if you forget something nearly immediately, is that short-term memory loss or just being, like, an alpha male?
>Steve Jobs once said that people don't want to know about computers; they want to know how computers will help them live better. "You've got to start with the customer experience and work back toward the technology--not the other way around,"

So basically, 'Why do I care?' because it will make your life better.

Not because a 4ghz i7 is the best around but because it will run your program faster, allowing you more time to do things. Not because the battery life is long but because it will allow you to spend less time hooked up to a wall.
Shit dude, my four year old said "Am I going to die?" to me this morning in the car. I said "Well, yeah man. Hopefully not for a while though." but how the fuck am I supposed to respond to that, right?
Well, If every 240SX has the ziptie look and you want to enjoy your car but still differentiate, the supreme sticker wrap is for you!
> buy a new TV in the next few years.

My GPU supports HDMI, so does my TV. My TV from seven years ago does as well. Eat a dick ATSC 3.0.
The only real problem I had with rain maps was that it sounded like a torrential downpour but looked like a drizzle. Either crank up the rain effects or crank down the volume.
In Far Cry 2 you had to physically hold your minimap while in the car. I got so used to driving with it out that I would hold the right stick slightly down so the full map would always be in view.

There's a reason pilots use their instruments while flying in bad weather. A quick double tap of M tells you 'potentially clear' vs. 'in the drink'
I think it might've actually been the Arcade scene. The nuke was kind of a 'Yeah, everyone would be gone, that's a big bomb' but seeing the terminator pushing through all those kids just out to straight murder John Connor was like 'oh fuk'
I mean, this sounds cool but who'd want an empty video file at the end of the season. ^^^I'm ^^^trash ^^^btw.
Funny, I didn't think about death much as a kid until one day I was watching Terminator 2 and all of a sudden it hit me that one day I would die. I panicked and ran outside to play, since it was a beautiful summer day.

It stands out to me for how ridiculous it is.
I mean, Moderation, right? Video games are just a scape goat for not giving your kids limits... Same as sitting them down with a tub of goldfish and cheezpuffs.
tfw laughing while still sad
Damn, That first outfit had me thinking it was going to be the perfect album for me and then I saw about half of them were way too warmly dressed for Texas.

Then Ryan Gosling popped up and c'mon, that's just cheating. Man looks good in just about anything.
I can't click that because I don't want to cry again.
You mean Gerald of Nivea?
Should I get Duncan and the bridge crew up there?
Nah, That would imply the savage uses anything other than ketchup on his overcooked fast food.
\> Implying the owner can drift in anything outside of Need For Speed
The dude didn't need to clean his room until Jackie Treehorn's thugs tore it apart.
Alternatively, It's also hubris to think that there's a greater being that cares about me.
"Sorry old man, This is the future, I mainline Jenkem and H."
r/subredditsarehashbrowns
To be fair, when it's crashed into the wall, the stickers might hold it together to avoid the zip-tie look and expensive replacements, ya know?
Yeah, it was late night leaving a club in Denver when I ran into a dude outside of the Denny's I was scarfing some late night grub before my hour drive back. He asked for some cash for food, I told him I didn't have any cash but if he wanted some food he could come eat with me, we sat, ate, and talked for a while.

Even if he was just bumming for cash, I got an interesting conversation out of the five or so bucks worth of breakfast I bought him.
I miss the rain just because it was so fun having all that extra noise to try to filter out. The loss of visual clarity. The only issue I had with the rain is that it sounded like a torrential downpour but looked like a light sprinkling.

Rain, rain, go away, come again ~~another day~~ never... \*sobbing intensifies\*
It's like, the best example of the butterfly effect though, right?

A butterfly flapping it's wings causing a hurricane? Crazy.

Expanding the spectrum of diagnosis for autism bringing back measles? What are you, silly? Those aren't related at all.
I know mech keys are a game of preferences so I hold no ill will towards those that like them but fuck I hate Red keys. I want to see more Black keys. My fingers just resting on reds makes them sink.
But lets be fair. If the netcode worked well, The Fox Engine was basically begging to be used in a BR game. Imagine outrunning the circle (since, it's always a circle) in a cardboard box down a sandy hill. Finding decoy balloons, filling the final circle with them and then setting them all off at once. The first time I played PUBG I thought "This would be so much better if it was on the Fox Engine."
Well, The kid merely pointed out you could see her... hind parts...

I don't know but my four year old is quick to say "Look, you can see her booty!"

Also, In attempting to teach him about eating in moderation and not feeling bad for not eating everything I make for him, he quickly got in the habit of yelling "Because I don't want to get fat!"

Kids sometimes have no filter, the initial comment about butts (Not hind parts. That's serial killer talk.) could've been innocuous but that Dad quickly turned it into a few years worth of therapy with that "She doesn't love her dad" talk.
ðŸ…±eople ðŸ…±on't ðŸ…±hink ðŸ…±t ðŸ…±e ðŸ…±ike ðŸ…±t ðŸ…±s ðŸ…±ut ðŸ…±t ðŸ…±o
As if any Drill Sergeant ever cared how your name was supposed to be pronounced.
I'm excited to see how it handles long recordings and maybe to see if I can split audio outputs but otherwise cautiously optimistic.
After reading your comment, I redownloaded it. Total night and day (Literally and figuratively. It's got a dark theme now instead of the intense white of old.)

Setup took roughly a minute and I recorded a clip of gameplay. Good stuff.
If you're taking the time to put on a condom, you can't be fucking a bowl of mac and cheese.
> Jean Robert Cadet

I can't tell who'd have a worse time, Private Cadet or Lieutenant Cadet. If he was in ROTC he'd be Cadet Cadet which is hilarious to me.
Well, the DMG and Toyota both have a reputation for reliability.
\> SEE!!! Right out of a Doctors mouth!!

\> Right out of a Doctors mouth!!

\> out of a Doctors mouth!!

\> Dictated, not read. 

-Signed, Dr. M.D. Doctorlady. 

Stamped by notary #48765, Signed Albert Einstein.


Lucio Incan skin confirmed?
Buck: EW! That's disgusting!
But if you don't eat the scales what's the point? I mean, you get your omegas 3, 4, and 5 but the you only get scales if it's a fish or a reptile!
> subreddti 

My brain tried to read this as though it was the latin root for Subreddit.
God, All this talk of AP's delicious bugs are making me want to play it again so bad. I still remember laughing at the end, if you sleep with the Russian chick and it says "The copy of the file has been accessed [like, a ton of times]"

So, he escaped a top secret facility and a life of being a super spy to go hide out on a deserted island and watch his own homemade porno.
I think I got that bug as well. That was where you just talk to some dude and at the end of the mission it was like "You killed everyone" right?
There was totally an orphanage in my hometown ten years ago and unless it closed or something, as of a few months back there was still a car outside it. 
PC actually. I figured that it must've happened to everyone with how often it got me. 
> but it's fairly polished

As much as I love AP I can't even count on both hands the times I out-of-bounds clipped or basically phase vaulted to the top of an object when I took cover against it.

I managed to break an entire stealth section because I took cover and teleported over a wall into the next area. Didn't get caught. Since I was playing a super sneaky type, I took it as a win and kept going.
With what I was recording at the time, I would simply call my brother on Discord. I set up audacity to record my mic in, since Shadowplay would not properly record my audio, and then drop the audio file in under the video file in Premiere.

No streaming from me either.
There's not enough skin there for a piece of luggage for my collection though. Maybe just enough for a glass box on my mantle though.
I got trashed on for saying that a while back but rest assured, after watching youtube videos on how to set it up and doing a test record, I ended up with a couple gigabyte flash video with no sound.

So I went back to Shadowplay and record my discord chat with Audacity on the side.
Are you trying to imply Trump has that ability? 
I guess if you can tell the difference between 17 year old dick and 18 year old dick, you probably just get taken to jail. 
Archive: http://archive.is/mNPgK

You can always right click a link and select 'Copy link location' then paste that into archive.is.
Nah, the vaccines caused all the downs.


***\s***
They regret no longer being at the bottom of the totem pole. They loved being mistreated, so now the only option is to run out all those that were treated equal to or worse than them so that the Irish can go back to getting shit on.
hbt ynnuf fo dnik ,hE
> But somehow despite this it was like she was oblivious to it all.

I woke up one morning and looked at the bags under my eyes, the slight wrinkles forming in new places, and the general age showing on my face (Honestly, after someone said 'Guys our age' to me) and I said "Oh fuck. I am older."

We don't notice aging since it happens over time. Weight gain the same way.
Nah, Power Rangers looks better. Even the Dinozords intro movies and shit looked better.
The one pant leg cuffed kills me every time too.
Jon, I know your perception is low but you can uncheck 'use subreddit style' man.
I mean, why take a picture of the advert they sent you as well?

/r/hailpotatoes
That's how you can deduce the driver. Only one of them is missing their left arm.
I say "Wallet, Keys, Phone" as I slap my thighs and ass. Then get into a moment of panic because I put my wallet in my jacket pocket, or lose my keys walking out the door because they fell too low in my pocket.
XIII was so awesome. It needs a PC rerelease on Steam.
I just want WW on switch. I've got my GC copy but I really hope that one day my son can sail the high seas while on a roadtrip, ya know?
If you saw "SPIKE LEE" on the cover and didn't realize that you'd be black, you need to reevaluate your life.

Also, Who let Spike Lee make the story? Jesus it was bad.
This made I? You this made.
>  needs to be taken seriously.

Like it or not, There is a competitive scene for gaming. Being good at Dark Souls is as much of a useful skill as being good at baseball.
I'll be honest, It feels a little dainty but I've abused mine during intense Dirt Rally runs.

Not like "Full-force of the Roman Empire" but like 4/5ths "Hit by a blue shell just before the finish line in Mario Kart".
Well, she kinda let it go after my kid was born but she'd probably have started asking me if I found dogs attractive after that. 
Shit, my mom just straight up said "I don't mind if you're gay." to me multiple times.

When I said I wasn't she'd usually reply "Why not?" like damn mom, I don't find dicks attractive. Leave it. 
Well, Bush did say 'You're either with us, or you're with the terrorists" so by not blindly agreeing to what he said, you're a terrorist. 
A nearly 30 year old raped a 15 year old!

Ah! That's horrible! That poor girl!

No, It was a guy.

Hmm... That sounds improper.
Should I buy them with these Paddy's Dollars? I was gonna get some Delware Run-off Crabs with 'em but I dunno...
Amazing, Honestly. I've 100%'d it twice on PC. Only reason I didn't pick it up for $20 was that I figured I had enough new games to play that I didn't want to lose all my time doing it again.
> Honestly, most of the bums here are nicer than the working class.

Unless you're on the DART.
>  No one wants to gives space

Oh hey look, This idiot left a whole car length between him and the car in front of him while traveling around 75 miles per hour, I think my dualie extended bed truck should be in that spot instead!

\- Everyone who cut me off ever

Well, No, That's a lie. It's not always trucks.
Oh, eat me. 
> although the blacks get crushed to a point that the whole movie looks filmed in an oil slick...

This is pretty funny out of context but a little too obvious for me to /r/nocontext it. 
When I was a kid, KFC was the shit. I used to love going there, just the right amount of grease, crispy skin, and flavor.

Then I was living in Korea and decided to eat KFC there and man it was pure shit. Just all grease. Skin basically slipped right off and just dumped grease on me. I didn't even finish it. "Gross. Korean KFC sucks." I thought.

Then I got back Stateside and went to a KFC since I was short on time one day and it was all just... meh. It was uninspiring, bland, and just not good.

That was like four or five years ago. I haven't gone back since. Popeye's on the other hand...
Survivor
Personal favorite is the skin luggage rant. His face is so... Perfect.
My understanding is that currently Xbox, Switch and PC players can play together OR PC and Playstation. A 'team' of PSY NET players can be either all Playstation players (Since Sony does not allow crossplay between consoles) or it can be a combination of Xbox and Switch players.

You cannot currently party as a crossplay team, so a party is all one console (All Xbox, PS, or Switch) but as a PC player you'd have no way of knowing.
Psy Net means Psyonix Network. All Psy Net players are console players. If you have a party of Psy Net players they are either all Playstation or Mixed. PC players show up with their Steam Profile image.

I thought it meant they were Playstation players for the longest time too. I still call them Playstation players if I'm losing to them.
I had just been looking at small adapters that would still use the official wall brick... Then I realized how little I used table top mode that it wouldn't be a great investment. 
Why not add a 90Â° USB-C adapter? 
Rocket League PS players can only play with PC players if I recall.

Switch, Xbox and PC can all play together in any combination. 
\>Indies you don't have to put 100 hours into

\>Stardew Valley

Pick one
> because they'll be out having a party with their friends.

I didn't play MGS V on my birthday but I won't lie to the internet like that.
I did hate going though a crazy portion only to find a 'Major Test' shrine but then solve a relatively simple bomb x wall puzzle and get a "You've made it here which is proof enough! Have an orb!"
Basically. I haven't even redeemed the 'free' one they give you with Uplay because it's a bum deal even if I have a whole day off.
I usually make extra rice every time I cook it. Put the rest in 16oz Mason Jars in the fridge.

Forgot to eat? Rice it is. Feel lazy? Two or Three minutes in the microwave. Don't want to eat rice? You could always eat a can of beans.

Problem is, Kids are picky and CPS will care if I don't feed him...

So he gets a PB&J.
It's funny, I looked at your username and all my time in Seoul came rushing back. I'm sure I still have something with that damn bear on it somewhere around here.

So, Thanks for regretting that picture.
How 'bout them sausages Charlie?
The player controlled one is Zelda.
Not all of them though, Some don't support him because he doesn't do enough.
[Some trash](https://dallas.craigslist.org/dal/cto/d/2003-s10-bagged-lots-of-extras/6476108920.html) or [Some class](https://dallas.craigslist.org/dal/cto/d/1987-jaguar-xj6/6500503854.html) or [Some rats](https://dallas.craigslist.org/dal/cto/d/rat-rod-the-best-rattiest/6483021864.html)

Though, This [Power Wagon](https://dallas.craigslist.org/dal/cto/d/1941-dodge-power-wagon/6500473324.html) looks tempting aside from the fact that it's basically rotting outside.

Also [Tranny is trying to slip off but it's hangs and drivable](https://dallas.craigslist.org/dal/cto/d/chevy-impala-ltz/6497034777.html)
It's hacking then.
I love the moment of panic when you set off the charge like "I WASN'T SUPPOSED TO BE HERE TODAY!"
>a picture of a castle for Not Castle

To be fair to Ubi, That's literally a rook in Chess.
I just cut her sign down. No 'No Trespassing' sign, No crime, right?
> Trumps personal hero told the SCOTUS to go fuck itself.

When did Hitler tell the SCOTUS to fuck itself?
What is the unit here? -1 Shocks per second?
Full custody is a blanket thing. It's not that Dads (And only men) should decide religion, it's that Dad has full custody. If Mom had full custody, she'd have the same right.
They have the craziest pizzas in Korea. I tried a bunch, I hated most.
They claim their intent was to gather everyone's data to essentially disprove the grass knoll "Oswald *couldn't* have made that shot" claim. There are plenty worse games out there but I don't see everyone melting every copy of Custer's Revenge.

Also, Not on Steam if I recall. It was freeware.

Disclosure: I played it. I'm not capable of performing Oswald's shot.
I've seen that at least five times... and yet I someone never even picked up on it.
Oh shit, Catcus girl and Dragon Dude, numero uno right there. Cowboy and Race car guy my kid would probably get a kick out of.
> automatically opening the glove compartment after a crash,

How long until "My broken leg was enough but then the damn glove box smashed into it!"?
> Obviously I'm not my friend, and this was over 10 years ago.

No worries in that matter, I wasn't trying to sound hostile.

>everyone is E-1 in basic

Nope, You can be E-1 through E-4. College education gets you E-4, Doing PT tests and 'working' with the Recruiters/JROTC can get you E-3 and 2.

>I don't think it's normal to be promoted that fast if you don't have JROTC experience.

Plenty of people get in as an E-1, excel at PT in basic or get high rifle marks (Gets you E-2 usually at least) and pick up E-3 mainly due to time in rank.

Realistically, If you stay at E-2 for very long as Active duty, you're either fucking up or already fucked up.
If he did four years of JROTC and 'went in' as an E-1, he got fucked. It's automatic E-3 for the Army with JROTC. Doesn't even have to be Army JROTC for it to count. He just got promoted regularly, though quickly.
40k upvotes and you said "sailer" what the fuck is reddit coming to these days? Jesus.
It's probably his first 'I've been on reddit to long moment.' 
Obviously not, or I wouldn't be here. 
Another oft ignored point is that in at least one interpretation of the bible, God left man as stewards of his creation. More like a "Hey, I'm gonna take a cosmic piss, watch this for me?" and we're like "Sure God!" and then we take his wallet to Chick-fil-a and buy a ton of food and get fat and shit all over ourselves and yell "HE GAVE ME THIS. ITS MINE TO DO WITH WHAT I WANT."
Bigger rock wasn't the problem, it was the Smite Killstreak reward.

That shit was all over the place.
That Uplay account name?

Kermite Einstein.
I just keep leaving really big fucking holes in every building I enter.
Just because a game has something for everyone does not mean it is a game for everyone. People who only enjoy sim racing games will not have fun in minecraft but a person who enjoys racing could do powered minecart races with friends or horse races and such.

So a game that is 'for everyone' is usually a mishmash of half actualized ideas.
So I should start mining Victimcoins now?
Not gay sex
Maybe I'm just a joke of a dad. 
I would love to grow tired of my cynicism. It's exhausting.
> Who really wants to be shot at?

I'm might not sound logical but when you're strapped with 600 rounds of ammunition on your chest, huffing around a ruck all day long, sweating your ass off, and all to get back to the base and go to bed you go a bit... stir crazy.

Suddenly, a round cracks or a mortar drops nearby and like riding a roller coaster for the first time you're scared shitless but you want some more.

tl;dr: If they've got me suffering in this hole, why am I huffing sandbags instead of *doing what I trained to do*?
> army corp of engineers working on large infrastructure projects

Using Fed funds to pay for 'improvements' and not giving out fat contracts to local companies is basically hated all around. The Army doesn't want to use it's money building roads instead of handing it to BAE Systems. The Philadelphia construction company doesn't want the Fed taking a juicy government contract out from under it. (Killing local jobs!) The local politicians don't want a smear campaign run against them about how they're under control by DC fat cats getting handouts for selling out their poor local businesses.

So, The ACE gets to build some campgrounds and maybe create a public works improvement (after proving that the city would not or could not pay for it) and we get to drive through crazy pot holes all day long.
You can't be taking Pepperjack's best ho!
I'd give an arm to have an experience like that!
Just a personal grip but Eminem pissed me off with:

"Had a dream, I was king. I woke up, still king."

Now, I know you're thinking (with your encyclopedic knowledge of that crap song Lighters) "But sod, He rhymed 'King' with 'Milking'!"

Doesn't make it any better because that first discordant ass 'king' didn't rhyme with anything either. King and nipple don't rhyme. King and king don't rhyme. The fucking work 'king' is in the word milking so it's not even a good rhyme and I'll say I'm not certain it's a rhyme at all.

Like, I know I sound like a loser but man, from D12 and the MMLP to overusing king.

Also, It was all the radio freaking played when I was stuck with a broken ass refrigerator truck in the field.
> Nobody I know told him to do that, he just freaked out.

Which is a downright lie because training someone how to kill, telling them who to hate, and setting them loose on the world ***is*** telling them to do that.
If he wouldn't have been black, White people wouldn't do bad things.

But actually, Because Obama called for Gun control. If he didn't keep calling for it, we could stop proving that we don't need it.
I want to feel the way about anything that he does about those trucks.
I rather explain looking at a porn star's tits at work than I would at a picture of Donald's.
Most people don't like leaving multitudes of consoles plugged up. I have my GC, Wii, Super Nintendo, and Sega Saturn all on display but only the PS3 and the Switch are hooked up to the TV though. (The 360 is in a closet since it's can't Wifi Netflix like PS3 can.) If I wanted to play the complete RE collection (0 - 4) I'd have to hook up the Wii or GC. If it came out on Switch at the right price though, I'd probably rebuy it.

Most people old enough to have a Switch and be screwing around on a subreddit for it are probably well-off enough to value convenience and nostalgia over many other things. Add in the portability element of the Switch and (to a random redditor) the 'easy' bolstering of Switch's game roster and bam, we're frothing for ports of games we've already played.

Meanwhile, I just want a new Animal Crossing.
5 Monty's making an impenetrable pentagon of French Thiccness.
I know he looks good on anyone but I didn't realize how good his face matched up with Steve Carell.
To be fair, I saw roughly twenty plus signs and the closest thing I saw to a cross looked like it was upside down.
I did however see a girl with a 'Steminist' sticker on her laptop.
Do you mean [Mario's Time Machine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mario%27s_Time_Machine)?
You cannot... He didn't know it until I showed him. 
Well, I for one don't speak of atrocities. Especially ones that I was reasonably excited (and subsequently let down) for ages ago.
What third one? I only remember there being 1, 2, and then them never touching that classic series again.
I only know of this because it was all over AGDQ but man am I salivating for it.
I know that I'm distracted by just being on the phone but I usually pay more attention to the road leading to me cutting off the people I'm talking to (or in the middle of a train of thought) saying "Really? Cut that corner closer why don't you?" and "Don't change lanes during a turn you fuck wit!"
***EXCUSE ME MISS, I AM NOT A POLICE OFFICER!***
Ta-da! You thought you were going to be disappointed by my size but allow me to introduce my next trick! Disappointing you with my ability!
Having done two infinite climax runs (360 and PC) I'm still excited for the game but damn I wish I could start fresh for the first time ever. It is my first run of Bayo 2 though!
Plus, I can leave them in the bathroom for when I forget my phone on the charger.
Well, No, *that's* sensible.

Driving with her is not.
Aren't you just supposed to beat them until they listen?
The best is just to say "Melatonin doesn't stop the nightmares" and then stare off like you're watching children burn on the Ho Chi Min trail.
> Also you look like you slept in those clothes, you filthy monster.

Are you not supposed to? Why do they make these pants so comfortable then?
> No, I am not trying to remain single.

But I'm not trying to not remain single either. I'm just hoping someone will sit next to me and carry on a pleasant conversation.
Alternatively, Explaining proper credit card utilization to a 19 year old.. and simultaneously to a 40 year old.

"Keep utilization under 30%"

- "Then pay half!"

"No, pay it all but just after the statement comes out so you have a continually utilized line of credit and never pay interest."

I'm not even good at money management, having a good credit score, or being a responsible adult but goddamn credit cards and taxes are where people could use their edumacation the most. Like fuck, Read the owner's manual on your car, Learn about taxes, and learn about credit cards. You have google and no excuses.
Only time I'm glad my mom is a neurotic wreck when it comes to cars. She'll friggin' pull over to answer her phone even with her Bluetooth.
> Steam only/PS4 players.

You forgot the Switch...
My son loves riding the horse and running around in the desert.

He made me ride the horse to the desert the other day. Can I get Epona a fan or something?
Google probably deleted all your good review scores. 
Yeah, OZ Rally is just an appearance package. Like if Subie put the STI hood on a base model and charged a bunch for it.

Trims to pay attention to for Lancers are Ralliart and Evolution.
The fucking music in that level makes me want to play Excite Bike so bad.
Only if it has a new Funky mode.
Army (and) Air Force Exchange Service, Commonly shortened to 'The Exchange' which is the name of the actual general goods store. AAFES is the parent company which manages on-base stores that allow US Service members to purchase things. Though more useful in foreign countries where Import/Exports and Currency can make certain items harder to find, it also has the advantage of avoiding Sales Taxes.
Hentai Girl, Kielbasa lover, and any other 'Tacti-cool' ops they ad won't hold a candle to Mira, even if we never do get a 'Visor down' headgear.
> a jury of nose pickers too stupid to get off jury duty

I really fucking hate that I finally got a Jury duty summons that I *could* answer to had to 'get off'.

I wanted to go.
By spreading this shower thought, OP hopes to weaken the case against him. Maybe the judge will be browsing reddit right before the case, see this, and think "Hmm... Maybe it's *not* proof after all..."
This is why my nine-or-so year old LG 720p continues to be a mainstay. Press a button and four or five seconds later, she turns on.  I keep looking at newer TVs but man, I just need a big as monitor. I don't even need 4k really. Now, "Large Format" displays carry a premium since they're "Commercial grade" and dumb TVs are few and far between.

Then every time I find a good dumb TV, I go on rtings and get disappointed because they say it sucks.
My computer used to never go to sleep. Did a fresh install on an SSD and now it's nearly narcoleptic. It's good since it only takes a split second to turn on but damn, It has me consider running a second power button to my desk so I don't have to reach over and press the case one.
Always nice to have some clarification! The OP's 'Kickstarter April 2018' made me think it was a project on KS slated for release in April, so finding only the one blog post at off my skeptical alarms. 
In the Village, Apartments started sectioning off parking spaces so they could pile all the bikes there nice and neat.

Now there's less parking spaces!
Impact bold is not that blurry if you put it on your own screenshot. Notice the noise around the text?
The real giveaway is the 'OZ Rally Edition' badge on the left side. That means stock lancer with 'looks' package. 
If you read it like that, It sounds like Charlie wrote it. 
See also: "Scraped the rear left tail light on the way over? That'll be $100. No, I don't car that we're only putting a new engine in, $100 upfront or no other work."

See also: Needs more jpeg.
No platform is listed... anywhere. They claim in multiple websites they're 100% self-funded but also say "Kickstarter coming soon" a few...

Their dev blog is one post, which says they'll have a trailer in March.
He changed it repeatedly. Sometimes it would trigger if you quickloaded a save. Other times it would when you hit a certain key.

Other times, people use SAM to ruin all the fun.
What if when you can't repost in real life, it's because there's OC nearby?
The market will set the price based on what people can afford, after all. 
Look, I'm not giving kids an allowance if I know they're going to blow it on H. Same reason I don't throw dollars at beggars.

I have full faith that the market won't regulate to them hocking my Video Games and Watches to attain a highly addictive product.
Whenever I play Rocket League the Metal Slug announcer says "RAWKET LEAGUE" in my head.
And then after the 'Hmm. These conditions might not be congruent to one handed driving...' moment he goes... straight back to driving with one hand while messing with his infotainment.

People.
> As someone who grew up with a smart TV as a child

Fuck man. Could you not make me feel both old and poor at once?
Himself. He's not saying it to Harvey, he's reminding himself.

It's stressful to be under attack. He needs to remind himself not to make a show of it, hence 'Stay hidden' as a verbal pep talk.
To be fair, a real conversation would've gone "Look at these faggy things, Spence!" "Shut up homo!"

Granted the Army/Air Force divide may be bigger than I'm making it out to be. Airmen probably genuinely said 'Baby sodas' unironically. Never tasting Hadji sodas outside of a layover will do that to ya.

Please excuse my crassness.
Why use Giphy at like, 8 fps?
The wives NEED those roses my dude. 
Do whatever. It won't matter. It'll feel too short either way, just enjoy it. 
Then I say "Ah, sorry. None on me." since the only USB-C charger I have is for my Switch, at home.

Also, Potentially, invite them to my house for knowing their cables.
> I've been at 3

Oh god, Only 3? I've got one coming up and I'm considering locking my knees now and just hoping I'll still be out in a few months.
I don't judge people for having an iPhone but so help me god if you reply with to "Lighting or Micro-USB?" when you asked for a 'phone cable' with "Um... I have an iPhone." then I judge you so hard.
It's kinda funny because I think M-C-double-Ree also works.
No, that thing is solid. 
Implying he even knows what a Seal is outside of shoes and coats. 
So, The Road Not Taken by Robert Frost played by Jared Leto?

Sounds about right.
Women's sizes are silly though, I wish they used actual measurements. Size 22 sounded hilariously tiny to me until I thought about it for a second.
I owned the first one on Xbox 360 and PC, completed it on both. I never got a chance to play 2 since I didn't have a Wii U but if you enjoyed Devil May Cry games, You'll enjoy Bayonetta. If you enjoyed Metal Gear Rising, You'll enjoy Bayonetta.
Look, all things aside, That car's electrical system melted three times before we traded it in. It was an ugly gold with the 'camo' looking interior. The brakes went out on it once.

I still liked the car. The Mountaineer my mom got after it was soulless and uniquely average in absolutely everything but it lasted eight or so years until my dad drove it into the ground.
Pretend to be member of coup

Eliminate head of coup

My plan anyway, name a DFAC after me. 
I mean, it only took like two rounds of bfg and he was basically dead. Just double jump dodge to the left or right to avoid the hallway attacks. 
Things do happen. Sometimes they're unavoidable accidents, like an asteroid hitting earth or pipes bursting in your apartment. Other times they're completely avoidable accidents, like driving down a clearly marked road that tells you not to drive down it.

The difference is, if you're at fault for an avoidable accident, you don't get to say "These things happen" you just get to say "I fucked up." 
I don't mean to sound dismissive but I jumped right into the Ultra-Violence difficulty level and only died once to his first mode, he felt even easier the second time and it just made me feel even more badass following him to hell to beat him down again.

What part were you having trouble with about him? 
You wanna be a big cop in a small town? 
So you're saying there's a chance?
Depends, it's not MRE caloric but in general Army recipe cards (TM 10-412 IIRC) are healthy and low sodium meals, strict portion control, and restrictions on seasonings.

It's the UGR-As and MREs that are combat food. 
I didn't realize the reason Thatcher had an EMP was to prevent the electrical fires on his team. 
But if you ever lose your house /apartment you can sleep in your car and use PF showers to get back on your feet without sleeping like a hobo. 
I like to tell sales reps my life story while not asking for a discount, just to make them shoulder some of my emotional burdens.

Then I sigh heavily while inserting my card, smile weakly, and say "Have a good one."
> Really wish the game told you up-front that you're not actually going to save everybody unless you plan it carefully.

It totally did though. There was this big timer at the top of the screen and you had like five minutes in between everything and had to be across the mall.

Also, What zombie movie has everyone living?
I know it doesn't really matter for Colorado (I mean, I've never seen a King Soopers in a mall) but you should see mall layouts in Korea.
Looks like Hopkins dodged a bullet. 
I don't think his ass will be thanking him either way.
It's still whipping the llama's ass huh?
I mean, I'm sure we can crowd fund a wig so you can keep the cosplay up. Something like a steam punk fallout hybrid? 
I was hoping this was going to be pin up girls trying to sell me Radium ala Nuka Girl.

It is not. 
It probably got obliterated by a car. 
Alternatively, the emails could've been auto-generated and set to go out at that time already and then with everything going on he forgot to unschedule it.
The roll from 'dee' and 'tee' is similar and at the end of a word it's not pronounced hard so it rolls into the 'a'

You don't say 'Nee-duh' and 'Nii-tuh', Anita can easily become 'ah nee duh' and I need a said quickly as 'Ey nee duh'

Say them aloud basically.
I sold a car on Craiglist once and took a picture of the rust on the side.

Like, You're buying an engine and a body. Nothing crazy, here's the rust.
> and they pose no threat to you.

They know where you are. They know you have more than them. They have the potential to be a threat at some point, therefore you put them down so they know not to mess with you. So they know that you're willing and able to put them down no matter when and where they come at you.

Basically, you have to play "Evil Jon visits Rust" instead of "Why Not Wednesday Jon"
It's a funny anecdote but one of my old First Sergeants was the U.S. Army liaison in Hollywood for a while. Seeing a bunch of pictures of him out there on the red carpet was kinda hilarious.
And it wasn't hard. 
Played it 100% with my ex, our save got deleted so we 100%'d it again.

It's so good.
Which is funny, since it was more of a game than Gone Home.
Ha ha! Dee's a bird!
> I'm so predictable

If it's any consolation, I would love to have you in my morning commute.
Just to let you feel smart, this comment was literally the first time I considered a boat. I never use them and 95% of the time forget they exist in game. 
I only had to take one try to complete Eventide but I had a bit of... er... trial and error with the amount of stamina needed to glide out there.
At least back in those days I could pretend that the architecture was super different between the two...
About $250
I grew up on the border ya donk.
Both of you have just made my day.
Both of you have just made my day.
You're misinterpreting the data. Sweat pants won't keep you as warm as poly-pro and Patagonia pants. So potentially Philly represents the potential maximum on the "Temperature / Comfort" scale for the local environment most of the year. Also, Philly specifically doesn't have the same amount of tree cover as most of Maine so you get more intense winds through city streets plus it's right off the water as well.

Also, it could just be proximity to New Jersey that causes it.

Further more, 20 degree temps feel ***a lot*** worse after a 80 degree day. That's a 60 degree drop. Compare that to a New Hampshire day where the temp stays between -10 and 0. It can still be cold in other places, relative to local temps.
Did you drive a Samsung car while you were there?
I just wish this update would add "Mode select" for T-hunt so I could just play T-hunt classic with my boys all day long.
Here I was thinking the White Mask's gas bomb from the Uni was going to be the cause of it...

Ancient USSR Zombie tech? Are you kidding me?
Because they won't let her have her way all the time.
> but himself 

He might hate himself as well but is also arrogant enough to think that everyone is beneath him.

Like the last bit of shit thinking he's top of the log, ya know?
I install Avernum games on my 'craptops' that I have no plans to re-purpose.
I own almost all of your games on GOG and I logged on to steam the other day and saw that I had a coupon for Avernum 3. I thought "Don't I have that one? Maybe only on GOG and not Steam."

Long story short, What's up with the naming convention? Are you going to avoid "rebooting" the series again? Have you considered making another 'new' series in the Avernum world? Are you randomly gonna drop Avernum VII or are you avoiding that number for RPG reasons?
Which sucks because last time it was that whole "Last gen/Current gen" argument but what's the excuse now?

Honestly, my buddy bought me GTA V during the Winter Sale but I had no intention of buying at all. I won't be running out to get a console so I can play Red Dead a few ~~months~~ years earlier.
I just keep the extra keys around, kinda like a box of gift cards.

Buddy interested in Pillars of Eternity? Send him a key. Brother wants to try Hotline Miami? Send him a key? Trying to get some friends to play Insurgency? Good thing I've got a few keys lying around. Friday and feeling down? Send someone a key.

I'm not gonna bother trying to trade any of them.
I get so angry at myself because I'm a non-folder. I can't fucking fold laundry. I will do every single item in the house but I can't pull off that last mile for the life of me. 

Now? At least it's clean laundry...
When I moved to Texas and was getting an apartment someone commented "Well, We have some Water bugs (Said 'Whattabugs') but nothing else!"

I'd never heard of 'water bugs' that were big so I spent about two days googling and searching for what they were and I found out they basically lived on lakes and stuff. Then I walked outside my apartment and was greeted by a roughly two inch cockroach.

After pressing a few other people I finally came to the realization that to cope with being surrounded by cockroaches all the time, they just call them a different name.

At least they're feral.
Heavy Rain was in the QTE movie adventure game genre where LA Noir was in the point and click with shooty bits.

Please note, I skipped Rain but played Fahrenheit and Beyond so this is more a joke about the developer. 
Will the next op be an American Senator?
Dennis was also the voice of reason in "The Gang Exploits the Mortgage Crisis"
Then you log in. Some people have default subs as their front page. Some people just want to see all of reddit. Some people just want to skim /r/nintendoswitchdeals while waiting in between meetings. You don't need to be logged in for any of that.

Also, What about all the incognito visitors for porn?
Typing in the name? If I'm too lazy sometimes, I'll go to the page I want to check out and then dip.
Honestly, despite Cole "Off the handle" Phelps, it was a really good game. 
I had issues back on 8.1 though. The funniest part was, I sent my video card in for RMA and I used my i5 integrated graphics and the game ran great! Got my GPU back and... Black screen. Could never get the game to run unless I used integrated graphics.

I have an Nvidia 760 for posterity.
A form of catharsis, I guess.
My... What? Does he not have a pot? Or a stove? Or a microwave? A pile of tinder for a fire? I'd burn my chairs before a hot tap coffee.
You can disable that in the options too.
My buddy said the other day "What should I tell my girlfriend I'm doing?" when he was logging on to play GTA V with us to which I said "Tell her you're playing GTA V with your boys."

Are you playing enough video games that she feels neglected? If so, make adjustments in your life or relationship.

Are you not getting enough alone time due to her neediness? If so, make adjustments in your life or relationship.

Does she just hate video games and want you not to play them? If so, Make adjustments in your life or relationship.

Do you simply want to continue 'hiding' your steam behavior? Make a new account and gift games to it. Leave your 'main' on snooze/away and family share your library from it to your 'GF is watching account'

Or, just tell her you want to play video games and if both of you have a problem with that... Well, you get the point.
I have roughly 1400 games on Steam and I've played probably 40% of them seriously. 25-35% are games that I previously owned (On Xbox or so) that I just wanted the PC versions and I 'still need to get to' 20% or so and the last maybe 5% I've beaten.
A five stud man you might say
Press F to ~~pay respects~~ eat trash
***DON'T TOUCH ME***
Are you saying we're going to hurt these feet per gallon estimates?
I don't get it though, If guys take other guys off the market then there's less guys around to compete with me and if there's less guys around to compete with me some woman's self-esteem might be low enough to sleep with me.

It's just basic economics at that point, right? Supply goes down and such?
I like their controllers but agree. Mayflash for all my adapters.
I thought we were on that Fupacoin.
I'm doing my part! 
We're all soldiers now... ( Í¡Â° ÍœÊ– Í¡Â°)
Exactly, I'd thought we'd had a local pc shop that at least wouldn't screw everyone over and then she told me that and I told her not to do it and built her a PC real quick. 
You should see how far a man can stretch with the right pair of shorts.
I mean, yeah, that's kind of hyperbole but like, I guess this was one of the first times I thought "My kid could end up totally fucked up and it not even be my fault... or worse, it could be my fault." ya know? 
God, I like to think I'd be able to handle if my son was weird. I'm weird after all but damn, I just had a mini panic attack thinking 'What if my kid turned out like that?'

I'd like to think I wouldn't disown him for a lot but... jesus.
My walls are thin enough that I can hear neighbors skype ringtone. Every time I think I'm just losing it and I follow the skype around my place for like... a minute.
But you could always drive here and buy it... ROAD TRIP!
Considering I only know Trey from his AGDQ runs, all I can say is 'Wow, Congrats.'

It would be crazy if he could get down to consistent sub-3 runs (I know it's only 2 seconds but still) and pull it off at SGDQ.
You mean EmberSundial?
But what bulge would you notice on a grill?
"I can't believe how bad this computer is! I spent $600 on it! These things are too expensive! What did you break on it this time?! I swear this thing was fine before you touched it." 

\*Open computer and see $250 worth of parts from four years ago\*

I'd rather know which parts are inside it, create a fresh image and keep all the drivers for it on a backup USB.
The alternative is that I built my mom a computer after a computer shop tried to charge her $300 for solder some capacitors on a pre-built worth much less than that.

When something breaks, she calls me. When I tell her to do something with it, she does it. 

I guess it helps if your parents are grateful for your help instead of treat you like an investment that never turned dividends.
I mean, It's not like I can take it to tower guard either, just that up there there's no Colonel around so I can talk like a fucking savage in between radio checks.
Fair enough, Didn't even know about that.
Could've been before the 'No Trespassing' update?
> I understand it must be annoying to not have a phone

I can leave my phone in a locked box up front for 8 hours a day and be fine since I'll be at a computer most of the day for work anyway but if you tell me I can't have something to take into the portashitter to jack it since all 11 of my tent mates are back right now and I've gotta rub a quick one out and Miller won't stop asking me about Rip-Its or something then you're out of your goddamn mind.

Granted, I probably would've just jacked it in the tent... quietly.
The relief of pulling off the blousing straps... Then your hair popping up as you pull down the nearly-knee high socks and just feeling your legs decompress... Ahhhh...
A late 90's Mustang is Rear-Wheel Drive you would absolutely not put the spare back there. If I recall, this is just a dumbass in Houston driving without the tire at all.

The front sitting low (unless you've lowered it) shouldn't scrape with a spare unless your suspension is fucked as well. Spare tire rims are like, 14 inches at smallest and IIRC the SC1 had like 15 inch rims. 
Not everyone involved, just the people who market it. When you're on a phone, Wikipedia redirects you to a compressed mobile variant so why can't NYT detect that I'm not on a phone and let me use my 16:9 display? It's not like I'm trying to read three articles at once. Why'd we ever ditch 4:3 if we're just going to compress everything into a tiny sliver in the middle of the page?
To be fair to Slayaway Camp, It's totally a phone game but it's a nice little puzzle game I'll pick up whenever I'm bored and just want to do a few puzzles. No where near as addicting as Tetris used to be so it's easy to pick up and put down.

So, yeah, Sometimes I do play "Phone games" instead of GTA V, Rocket League, DOOM, PUBG, or Dark Souls.
Is the DLC content worth it? It looked like two weapon packs and then a challenge mode, sans DK DLC right? Or does Gold get the DK DLC after it launches?
I beat it 100% and then someone erased my save so I beat it 100% again.

And I'm still considering picking it up right now.
1.) Those are plants. Not the best plot anyway

2.) Covering up adds some mystery

3.) Not everyone plays a game for the plot, some enjoy Hometown too.
The funny thing is, my Male Warrior mostly wears the Scallywag Chest so I can show off those chest hairs. I wish he had some short shorts to move in so he could pull off [these](http://i.imgur.com/VoA0XX0.jpg) moves.
That sounds like Sean Connery.
It's a risky click, sir, but it checks out as SFW.... for the most part.
Newpimps
Would that mean Fiat is now the main brand though, since it's FCA now or does the legacy of Chrysler hold more sway despite being bought up? 
Do you frequently critique his personal sense of style in hopes of helping him 'get some more bitches on his dick'?
Woah.
New style of articles, designed with phones in mind. Parallax scrolling IIRC. Notice how the deadspace lines up perfectly with portrait mode in a phone?

It's nice when done well but that intro was terrible and that article was *so* long. Honestly, I wish I could shoot the UX designer who suggested it to everyone and their brother.
A remake of the original Warriors movie (1979) would never hold a candle to the original.

A sequel to the original Warriors movie (1979) could never [Most likely] capture the magic of the original.

A remake/rerelease of The Warriors video game (2005) would be enjoyable

A sequel to The Warriors (2005) could never capture the magic of the original.

There's a subtle hint in my wording that reveals my feelings. The Warriors (2005) was a great beat-'em-up game using a great story as it's backdrop. The Warriors (1979) was much better than the game however and you basically can't argue otherwise (to me at least) plus arguing for Rockstar to create another multiplayer game, especially one limited to brawling and... what? The Rouges are gone, now all the gangs unite and take over New York city? The Warriors come back even stronger and stomp out every other gang and control New York? Both of those outcomes disservice the  original's story (and I disliked the Jailbreak series as well, just since I'm not enough of a sour apple already. It wasn't bad per se but it felt more fan service than canon.)

So, yeah, I'm enough of an asshole to think my opinion matters but The Warriors was already an ancient [Greek?] story, adapted to modern times and after seeing Spike Lee's Chi-Raq, I'd appreciate it if we just read the originals instead.
DONNIE! YOU WOULD'VE BEEN THE GOOD ONE! YAH UNWRAPPED ME DOC!
> act to inconvenience people with enough common sense ~~not~~ to ~~blow their hair in the tub~~ end it all

Sounds European to me!


No, we're talking J.C. Denton right now.
I always say "If my only job was to be as ripped as [Insert most recent ripped action star, last time I said this was Hugh Jackman] for like, 6 months with a personal trainer, I'd be as ripped as them. It's easy when you don't have to worry about bills!" to cover up my general lack of motivation, dedication, and heart.
Elevators were supposed to hide the loading screens! That bomb made the cell reload before the damage was reapplied to the 'default' long range textures.
You're downvoted for implying a video game would do something better than Hollywood would more so considering that the movie left off at a great point and it's best to leave it at that.
That's way too cheap, unless each hour long mission only awards you with $50 Warrior Dollars (To keep it in line with 1950-60 inflation)

Am I R* shitposting right?
On the plus side? So I've got to get an extension cord to get any good work done? 
Having a second monitor is a negligible amount of GPU/CPU usage and Ryzen doesn't have an onboard graphics so you couldn't hook a monitor to it if you wanted to.

Why not just put them both on the 1080? I've got two monitors hooked up to a 760 and don't have any noticeable drops in performance.
Inherited a Sega Saturn with a pile of burnt game discs...

Went through the stack, found this game, and took about a week to build up the courage to find out if I had inherited smut or just Japanese games.
I keep seeing games I love with Switch versions which totally excite me and then I see "$30" instead of "This game is already in your Steam Library"

Owlboy was just included in the Humble Monthly... Ugh.
I feel bad. The closest one to me is like 9 miles... but I've got three within walking distance of me so driving 9 miles feels like 70.
It's funny because I skipped 3, played 4, and then after that went back for 3 and... Yeah. 3 was a pretty good motivation killer.
Soak your skin in bleach and light yourself on fire. No germs anymore!
See, what you're missing here is that they care for other people's lives, specifically by holding companies to a standard of a living wage.

So... Your statement is proven false by the argument you're trying to refute.
I would trust Frank's Little Beauties though, I've got it on good authority he's not a diddler.
DK64 was as bad looking but it wasn't nearly as disappointing as my first kiss.
Not non promo, non demo. He tried to get a $200 for two cents. Employee caught it and canceled the 'demo' sale. Customer expected a discount on brand new in box non demo unit because customer. 
> cenarios

Scenarios is spelled with an S in English. If my limited knowledge is correct, that is a proper Portuguese spelling of it but I just wanted to give you a heads up.

On topic however, It sure makes Rainbow 6 Seige's BOPE characters seem a lot more fucked up compared to any of the other anti-terrorism units.
Slightly unrelated side note but I fucking love salsa.

If salsa was in Civilization, I'd be culture victories left and right with how much of that shit I eat.
Son...

...

...

...

You're our man. 
They're not woefully ignorant (Well, not ONLY that) but actively ignorant.

When faced with evidence, they CHOOSE to ignore it. Woefully just implies that they are. You can be woefully ignorant of how a firearm works, have it explained to you, and then no longer be ignorant but rejecting the explanation without a single critical thought about both your own knowledge (or lack thereof) and the argument presented is to remain ignorant.

Woeful gives them too little blame in their stupidity. 
Did she fit in an 8x10 or did they go a little bigger and add some of that cool mat board stuff?
I'm a dude so they're of no pressing use to me but there are Tampons in my glove box. More than once I've been asked why they're there to which my reply is "Do you need one? No? Well, I'll guess they'll be there for someone who does."

There's also tissues in my car, jumper cables, an air compressor and USB cables. Being prepared is nothing to be embarrassed about... but of course, it's this bitch's cross to bear so it's a tragedy for anyone to see them.
Kids these days are wise to those tricks and will probably just ask you to say 'Squirrel'
They put up a few "Designated" parking spaces and the maintenance people for each unit collect them while they're out blowing leaf blowers at all hours.
I always pick up the bikes I walk past in HP but it just seems like they're sitting next to bike racks on the ground. I don't know if people are kicking them over or what but the other day I saw Ofo people in an F150 picking them up and throwing them in the bed of it.
Yes is all I can say. I was disappointed when I saw that the release was JP only.
> it was a joke started from 4chan

You remember that gold record they sent into space for aliens to listen to? By the time they get here, it'll be a nuclear wasteland planet with a single stone table that just reads "It was a joke started by 4chan"
Eh, Regular sedans are the Neutral Neutral of my car/alignment meme chart. Then again, I still think of Sedans as having trunks big enough for bodies and so on. 

It's more the height. As you can see, everything on the road blocks my tiny-ass car's view and that's what I get for liking compact cars but when the buying public adopts higher and higher vehicles and conveniently ignores stop lines at every blind corner and inches forward every time I'm trying to see around their jacked up front ends it makes me want to cut their suspension til they're dragging like old school low-riders.

Sedans are on the ground, with relatively low clearance because 90% of sedan drivers won't be taking on it on gravel roads... and even then 5% of sedans that do anyway will have enough clearance to not suffer too bad. Station Wagons were low down too, since sometimes they were just sedans with toppers, like my buddy's old Taurus Wagon.
I had a station wagon growing up as a kid and I always hated the looks of the 'Crossover Sedans' segment. It feels like the same argument I had before where someone wanted a big Explorer to feel safe and so on but didn't understand that minivans were much better suited to their needs and uses.

Crossover SUVs are too 'soccer mom'ish now but Sedans are too boring but *I don't want to be anywhere less than two feet up or I won't feel safe.* Compact Hatchbacks are 'too small' for me to make my commute in this ***major city*** where I will inevitably only drive to my work, apartment and Whole Foods.

I saw your post calling them 'better looking' and I was like 'I'm going to argue with this person since looks are subjective and I'm enough of an asshole to think my opinion matters (We had a Pontiac Aztek once too)'

Then I saw it was you Doug and my heart sank. Arguably (and Objectively) you're better suited to answer the question of what a trendsetting car is.

But... Man do I hate 'Crossover Sedans'. Not really for how they look (I like the XV) but because people didn't want to buy station wagons since their grandparents had them but now flock to these things without third row seating.

tl;dr: I like Station Wagons, Minivans and other horrible automobiles.
I made a binding for Insurgency which used the pad as a mouse but when I pulled the left trigger all the way down, activated the gyro.

It worsened my overall accuracy but increased the tension and made the game more fun. Sure, not good for competitiveness but walking into a room and aiming with the gyro to spray makes 'Spray and Pray' moments much heavier on the 'Pray' part. If they ever make VR controller specifically for Gun games (Like a lightcon) they need those ones from the arcade that had the slides to simulate recoil (Like from Time Crisis 3) because the feeling of the gun setting off the rumble, plus your every movement of your hands translating into your accuracy makes for an intense CQB.
Played 200 hours of MGS V with it, Played 60 or so hours of Witcher 3 with it, It's my preferred controller for Rocket League but except for using the gyro for flight (Which is just fun) I have a terrible time with it in GTA5.
I'm curious how you make Pot Roast.
Goddamn. I skipped a few games and here I go looking stupid.

Side note, I hate the new layout for the Pokedex.
Ultra Skyrim Gold Version and Ultra Skyrim Silver Version


No differences between the two of them. 
I only ever had a demo disc of it but never picked it up since it came at the time of a glut of 'Critter heroes' just like Kay.

I have both Kay and Ty on my PC right now and my son friggin' loves Ty.
You can only have Zubat from Gen 1 and you will like it.
One of the Pokemon in Sun and Moon is a trash bag. A literal trash bag with arms. I still like the games but I wish each 'gen' was cut down by at least 50%-ish. There's like 10 Pokemon from each gen that I totally love, 25 that I like, and I'm indifferent or actively dislike most of the rest of them.
Ty the Tasmanian Tiger had a bit of a resurgence on PC even though I hardly remember it being popular in my day. If they have the files lying around and you already remade a PC version it's probably worth it, especially for a platform with limited titles like the switch.
However you can do it, emulator or whatever, get a hold of the first Katamari Damacy my dude. Even if just to play it once. It's worth it for anyone who likes kooky games. Katamari for Switch would make me cry.
Sorry, We're out. Didn't expect so many people to pick cake.
> An 80 hour RPG is worth way more than $60.

Is that 80 hours of meaningful story or is that Blue Dragon? Because I'm still salty about that game. Just because your game can be long doesn't mean it's good.
Is this what GTA V looked like on the Xbox 360?
You sure we're talking about the same Fallout "Blow up Megaton, Give a homeless guy water" 3?
It's not a big deal, I would hardly expect everyone to identify a weapon easily. Basically, the M-16A1 through 4, M4A1, AR-15, HK416, and the M27 (And probably many, many more) use basically the same lower receiver which all have a similar 'down/forward' safety.

The fact that this says "CAL: MULTI" makes me assume it's a civilian weapon which means it's likely an AR-15. The AR-15 is a .223 rifle but I'm assuming they wanted to really put the 5.56 (NATO) so they just said "Multi" instead.

And googling "Trump M4 Lower" returns only results for AR-15s, including one website that makes incredibly distasteful "Hillary for Prison" Lowers...

Sorry about the delay in posting this, The pipes burst in my place.
But if you're already past that point, best not to dig deeper. 
It'd be cool if you were the only applicant, so he fires you every day and then they rehire you after you leave the office so you can do it again tomorrow. 
Potentially, but the thing about lingering feelings is that they linger. In the moment, it's you or him but back home when you see his mom crying or his kids faces and you know they don't know the things you did (or worse, they do) and it's fine because you know you had to do it but really, *did you?*

Even if you can remain detached enough, you're going to see someone who looks like him and remember that time you tore face meat off a skull and ripped it apart with your teeth in a desperate bid to prolong your time on Earth. Heck, maybe you liked the taste and now every time you bite into a juicy pork chop you can hear the sizzle of him human ribs over the fire.

You're back home, you're okay and normal now but your mind never left that mountainside. Also, chicken from the factory doesn't have a head. How do you deal with seeing the face of the man you ate in every crowd from now on? 
You ever carved off a persons rib meat with a potentially dull knife and roasted it over a fire while the head of a former person is looking at you from the corner where you dumped the rest of the body so you wouldn't have to look at it?

You ever had a conversation with a person and then later had to chop their ass cheek off so you don't starve?

Eating the meat isn't so bad but try butchering another person some day.
Look, I don't care if we already discussed cannibalism, If we're out in the woods eating people and I die you'd better fucking eat me too. You'd better not let this meat go to waste. I'd rather be a savory filet in someone's mouth in the hopes that the smoke gets someone back to civilization than rotting on the ground while you stare too like 'Oh no! I talked about eating people with him! Now I can't eat him!"

But if you kill me for food, that's just survival of the fittest... As long as it's fair combat, no knives while asleep.
Aziz doesn't even seem like a red wine type. Since this story all but confirmed he's half Randy/Tom Haverford I assume he's got a wide selection of sweet white wines at his house.
> IS LINK ACTUALLY PART OF THE MARIO UNIVERSE?

Link sees Mario in Link's Awakening DX, so Link has some tangential knowledge of Mario.

Mario sees Link sleeping in the inn in Rose Town, so Mario knows Link personally.

Mario saw Link sleeping while he was dreaming of Link's Awakening.
Oh yeah? Well, I was hunted once. I'd just came back from the Shrine of Resurrection. I was hitching through Hyrule and some Lynel started harassing me. Next thing you know, I had a whole army of lynels chasing me through the woods! I had to take 'em all out - it was a bloodbath! 
That's pretty cool, I didn't know that!
> guess Iâ€™ve distanced myself well from normies

You mean they've successfully quarantined you.
You could always use the ESO answer and just say he's the Daedric Prince of Enslavement and Domination but he is the ***GOD*** of schemes. Not just a mere prince.

Though, One of his titles is Schemer Prince...
Okay guys, Metal Gear Solid 2 is starting to make more sense than this shit. 
I knew Dogs could be girls and Cats could be boys but I was really fucking confused as to why our dog was named Randy when I later found out it was a girl. Like, What the hell? My mom was just like 'Randy can be a girl's name."
If you make as much or more than their dads, you have a chance.
Your needs and wants don't matter, only their comfort.

Unless you don't want them, then your needs and wants are actively evil.
Hitler? I'll make sure to put lots of cream in yours.
25ms from you to where though? P2P games are your ping to the other 'host' player. 25ms to a satellite + ping to mesh net + ping to other player 'host'

At least a server based game you could join a server and predict a relatively close number but unless the server is on the satellite as well, you're not getting a base of 25.
But you get to wear a backpack and stand in a dark room! Or simulate a convoy on Sega Saturn FMVs!
> Needless to say that time period was a mess, but produced some great music 

Also known as "Fleetwood Mac: An Unofficial Biography in Fourteen Words"
It's like this

\#1: Paul, George and Ringo

\#4: John

Even the worst Beatle is good but there is a worst one.
I think I just cut down her 'No trespassing' sign and she no longer yelled at me.
>  higher quality audio 

Almost everything I've ever heard about Bluetooth audio says this is wrong so I'm curious where this idea came from. Am I incorrect in my understanding that bluetooth audio is horribly compressed?
When I hear/see 'comedienne' I know it's technically correct but I can only recall Dee from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia whenever she tries to hang onto her failed (never started) acting career. Guess the joke really is on her.
My G4 goes anywhere from 5% to 15% with the occasional shut down at around 25%
A fucking patty melt.
Put the bunny back in the box 2020?
How I lost the major bug was AC4 and 3. I played 4 right after my son was born and had a lot of late nights playing it while holding him and completed everything...

Then I played AC3 and every collectable felt soulless and pointless. I just played the campaign and enjoyed it for that. I often catch my self drifting back towards 99/100 collectable quests but can usually snap myself out of it before too much wasted time. 
Wow! That's crazy, you're being ridiculous. 
This is /r/nintendoswitch, shouldn't we say "Shake Joycons to pay respects"?
> Skill floor increase to learn how to use them.

I think this actually lowers the skill floor, since you can just pick it up and fire at 300m logically. The old way had me checking distances and eyeballing things until I figured out what 300m looked like in game.
I figured that the Nazis must have terrible mechanics if they're just okay with generators pinging and popping on the top of the hill like that. If I heard that shit, I'd come running to shut it down or at least call it up to higher to get someone to investigate.
Oh no, That's me saying that. I'm joking that Texas houses are built shoddily cheap, since all my outlets leak cold air in the winter but up north, the whole house leaks cold air since it was first built when there weren't cars.
I want to just continue to spam the copypasta but I feel like you're missing the point.
"So why shouldn't I just use my iPhone?"

"Short Story? Your phone cannot take as good of a picture. Long story? ISO, f-stop, Focal length, Framing, composition and so on. Either way, 95% of the photo doesn't happen in the camera."
Associated Press Style Guide. They basically tell Journalist how to write properly for journalism (No snark intended)

They're rarely superseded by journos (Except in the case of Military or Editors)
My son can say "Thank you" and "Gracias", WHAT'S SO HARD ABOUT LEARNING TWO WHOLE LANGUAGES?! ^^^^/s
I had a conversation with my Aunt over the holidays which went like this

"I miss these old houses, here, I just have to lean back in my chain and I can get a draft of fresh air. Down south I've got to lean up next to the outlets!"
>  expect to hate the shit you make for a long time, maybe forever.

People ask me why I always say I hate all my work and I say because I made it.
If a customer says "I like squares, basic colors and no serifs on my fonts" then It's "No rounded edges, simple colors and no serifs"

If a customer says "We want a minimalist look with bold styling and modern stylized fonts" then it's "Okay, let's try this and see if they like it and hope they'll accept the fact that it took me five hours"

If a customer says "You know what's best, make it pop and keep it clean" you might as well say "Your pay sheet is going to be heavily scrutinized and you may as well not expect repeat business."
My brother is a graphic designer and I have some professional experience with it as well. 95% of the time I simply say "Well, You could build a building but you don't have the tools."

I hate having 'creative' expertise because half the time it's "I could do it better", 45% of the time it's "Whatever you think is good", and 5% "This is awesome, thank you!" I want to give you a product you're happy with, tell me what magic you'd like me to try to work for you and I'll tell you where Houdini is gonna appear. I don't need free reign, I need happy clients with reasonable expectations.
You know, I just wanted to give you props. You saw something interesting out there and you looked up more information about it. Heck, You inspired me to look it up as well. You're a good dude/dudette.
I'm just glad to know my gluten free pickles are gluten free after all.
My mom used to tell me that my 'Firefoxes' gave her computer viruses. Now she says "I don't do anything, I just let you look at it."
As someone said to me about global warming 'THERE'S MONEY IN THAT!"

To which I said 'Where? In Exxon's pockets?"

To which I was told "Well, There's money in that"

I wish global climates weren't linked and we could let everyone pollute one small area and die off for their stupidity.
At that point, Late-term abortions should be authorized.
I read this wrong and was seriously concerned for the owner of the Autistic Dog giving him erectile dysfunction.
I love educating people on all the great work my local zoo does but I ***hate*** telling people about all the terrible things my zoo doesn't do. No, They're not torture dens for animals and yes they support conservation efforts. GAWD.

I had someone tell me that I couldn't be trusted because I was a 'member' there. I GIVE THEM MONEY TO GET IN, I DON'T GET ANY MONEY BACK OUT CHRIST.
Did you enter the wad of hundreds into evidence?
But any old unskilled operator can just shoot the drone. You don't even need to ADS to hit it most times. It can't jump. It's a fucking crippled puppy and you just have to left click to put it out of it's misery. All I have to do is spot the telltale white streak, turn and spray and bam, we're down one Twitch drone.
Shut up, Meg.
Heh! Gottem!
You gonna credit the guy who came up with that or act as if that's an original thought you had?


If you dodge the draft because you are against war, good. If you dodge the draft because you don't believe in the government's right to force citizens to war, good. If you dodge the draft because you're a coward then get elected to the government and try to start wars fuck you and eat a barbed wire cock.

It's real simple. You can't dodge the draft and be pro-'waging war everywhere at all times because a fascist said so'
No, Because Frank has a good side. Frank is also a competent business man who can live as a fringe class hobo by choice. Frank doesn't tie his whole ego to what others think of him. Frank is a thousand times the man who Donny is and Donny couldn't even handle a toe knife.
I work in a room with 20-ish people. 2 defend Trump, one because he think Libruls want to make science money with global warming propaganda and the other because he is a Republican.

The rest do not.
Look, they're Nazis. You're asking for basic reasoning abilities. 
/r/subredditsarehashtags /r/subredditsarehashbrowns
> I want to know what that kids score was for whatever mini game they played.

He didn't get a score because he lost. You always lose that thing. ALWAYS. Anyone who says otherwise is cheating or lying and I've got a pile of limp N64 controllers to prove it.
"Boom. No more Chinese laundry." I'm ashamed at the amount of people I've said that to who don't get the reference.
I've been saying it since I first picked up PUBG, I really wish it had MGSV mechanics. The shooting and movement felt ***so much*** better than pretty much any third person shooter I've played.
Marty... You've, uh, got to go back... to the future.

\*said with that little smirk and totally monotone\*
I noticed a month after DFAS owed me...

February makes a year since I first opened the complaint.
"I'll show up, like my contract says but I'll work the exact amount they're paying me to." 
I can live with the DS sprites but holy hell V and VI are so bad. They already had the GBA versions in existence. They could've just released those and I would've been happy. Instead they "Remade" the game with default RPG Maker sprites and were like "It's been remastered!"
Nothing beats seeing "ADS Destroyed" "EDD Destroyed" "Barbed Wire Destroyed" "Hostage Destroyed" "Welcome Mat Destroyed" and maybe an injure after a Fuze charge.
[Is this your jam?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZUcpVmEHuk)
The library and the local Barnes and Noble have puppies and shit...

Granted, About half the kids are on adderol or cheating but man do the other half work.
I threw bombs into the water until it blasted the bombs into the bowls...

I watched this gif and felt silly since I did that in both rooms.
Plus, Ash was pretty racist and Kaiden just wanted to bro down. Garrus was my homie and Liara was my lady and Ash's little ass got blown up with that bomb. 
That's basically how my buddy opens every game lobby no matter what.
You push your thumb down to flip to semi, then forward if you want 3rb/Full Auto.
Some days I sit around sipping whiskey in a bathrobe with my slippers on while playing PUBG on the computer before retiring to the bedroom to play on my Switch.

I probably won't be playing the same things but you can bet by the time I'm forty I'll be doing something similar unless something else kills me first.
You could always die alone. No guarantees it'll prevent false accusations though. 
You can get cheap older monitors with HDMI at my local goodwill for like $20-40 too.
They're called "Walls, Traffic, and other cars" in Burnout not brakes.
The HD collections are Substance, Subsistance and Peace Walker, so if you've played the non-SotP/Snake Eater versions, you've played the HD. The only difference is that X360 and Vita lack the pressure sensitive buttons so a few actions were remapped.
But then you have four controllers at best, two sets of Joycons at worst.
Pull up till your front doors are in line with the car in front of the spot you want, put it in reverse and cut (turn the wheel until lock, two and a half rotations ish) the wheel all the way towards the curb (so, right in America in most cases), back up until you're angled at about 45/50ish degrees, straighten out the wheels and continue to back up until you're absolutely sure you're going to hit the curb (or, until you do) and then cut the wheel away from the  curb (left in most American cases) and you'll ease into that spot like a powdered body into a gimp suit.

Practice in poorer parts of town where they're less likely to notice the dents. 
I leave the tequila in the freezer and the marg mix in the fridge. No need for ice there. I love how it tastes with a dash of salt then next thing I know I'm passed out on my desk and my friends are wondering if I left the game or finally died of alcohol poisoning.

No ice, please. 
It's non-violent, it doesn't block a roadway, it doesn't effect job performance AND it's not even long.

It was literally the 'perfect' protest for people who hate the 'BLM types' and yet I still heard complaining about it. So, fuck it, I don't care when the next freeway gets blocked.
I'm not finished with the farm by 9am! HOW WILL I GET EVERYTHING DONE TODAY?!

I've automated 80% of my chores and the other 20% keeps getting larger and larger, some days, I have to skip dungeoning altogether...
Yeah, but the Airforce has old school bunker buildings on that post, better to be near Dix, since the Army is expendable.

JBMDL would be quite an odd target though, unless they deliver it by blimp. 
I'm not usually for reanimating the dead to serve in government but for that man, I'd make an exception.
I knew who she was but my first thought was "Huh, haven't heard about her in a while." then again, getting sexually assaulted would make me skip town on the acting biz. 
What a save!

What a save!

What a save!
Then you're not playing it right.
I like your ass, Morgan! 
"Public" roads provide a greater amount of data about real world operations than test tracks. I'm certain if they're asking to test these cars they've already reached the limit of "Okay, It drives in semi-optimal conditions."
Pikachu: Pika pika PI-KA!

Young Girl: It's not like that!

Pikachu: (Doubt) Pika pika pika pi pika pika PIKA PIKA!

Young Girl: \*Begins crying\* I'm not a whore!
I just dodged through the enemies and kept running. Didn't even realize...
Alternatively, I always say "Fawb" instead of Eff-Oh-Bee.
Why would you expect the king to be dethroned?
But hey, we paid for free John Wick DLC, so there's something.
Kind of? They still ignored their console versions, Starbreeze or not. That's the real issue here. I played a ton of hours on PC but eventually the DLC spam wore me out. It's not a bad game but it's feast or famine. Either buy it on console and get no attention or buy it on PC and show your Credit Card every time you boot it.
It made the forest more frustrating though, IMO. Invisible backstabbers were cool for all of zero seconds.
> "He was hacking, 100%". It's always more "Well, it was probably just because of the game itself"

Had a Chinese guy shoot ten feet behind me and while I was in cover and get a headshot. I couldn't tell if it was lag or hacking. Then other times, I just get outplayed but I watch the death cam and it blatantly looks like they're hacking but I can't tell because maybe they just got lucky.

But the game is fun to play with my buddies.
Just because her hitbox is smaller than an atom doesn't mean she's invincible.

Just highly, highly immune.
> like invincibility to headshots

How long has Jager been a thing now?
Plus two new endings.
 Shit dude, Nerd is my go to name as well...

^^^That ^^^way ^^^when ^^^the ^^^other ^^^kids ^^^call ^^^him ^^^it, ^^^He'll ^^^assume ^^^it's ^^^endearing.
I just wish I could walk into a grocer with a pile of Glass containers, Fill them up, pay and go. I hate meat packed in Styrofoam and having to buy so much packaging for everything. I get that I can't buy frozen veggies in bulk but c'mon man.
I miss that stupid car. It was terrible. We had the Gold one with the Camo-ish interior. The entire wiring harness melted, three times. We basically replaced the electrics twice, lost brake power more than once and finally sold it at a loss to buy a Mercury.

I still want another one, then Breaking Bad went and made them popular again. 
Put them on a registry for violating the stock market and don't allow them within 500 feet of a financial institution?
Playstation has always been easy for me. I've never accidentally confused X while playing a Playstation game for some reason. Something about seeing a square or triangle sets my mind into PS mode.
I guess I just have switched back and forth enough that A B between Nintendo and Xbox/SC has never bothered me. Playing Nintendo, B is at the bottom and A is to the right. Simple enough.

X button is the bane of my existence though. For some reason, my brain can handle Y not being at the top and will reach left to hit it but if I read "X" (despite knowing where it is) I press left. 
The Solara was made up until 2008. At the newest, She got a 10 year old car.

She may be the favorite but you're not "Dad in an Audi commercial" rich yet my dude.
Oh, You know, I *did* write that!
To further this, Bespoke is basically a high class variant of "custom" in England, whereas saying something is "Custom" has a zip-ties and duct tape sound to it, "Bespoke" is from the Tailor that makes the good shit.
Who?
"Hey, go to the next route!" walk five steps "We're team skull yo, how dare you walk five steps!" post battle "Great job fighting that last battle, how's it going anyway? How about those five steps, bruh? Well, I'll let you get going, oh have you tried pressing the A button yet? It's great!" 
You can sex a cat person. Swordplay or scissoring shouldn't matter when cats and lizards are in the table. 
Argonian names don't work like that though. Names in the tongue of men are adopted, often by choice. 
This has always been my favorite foreword ever. 
He claimed it was the only way to get access to more code or something back in the day and Steam wouldn't let it be free, didn't he?

Not saying this is the truth but this was literally the second game I got on steam. 
In more casual text, like a reddit post, I will sometimes insert a "like," normally to express confusion, exasperation, or an example but not if I'm like, the president of the United States or anything. Then it's straight email etiquette and shit. I find using it shows a more natural pattern of speech that is often lost in text. 
Call the company and require they pay you for use of your land or something. Hold the bikes hostage until they pony up the cash.
Milhouse is not a meme is a meme is not a meme
> why america has those stalls I will never know.

Gotta be able to easily spot our OD'd opioid addicts, ya know?
And I always thought my "Americans are obsessed with certification" line was the true anarchist cry but Karl Marx over here makes me look like a fuccboi.
It's only ~160 miles from Kansas to Colorado Springs but that moment of panic leaving 70 and checking if you have enough gas to make it is real. I always made sure to have a full tank before leaving Kansas... Which is about ~300+ miles of nothing.
I get it, Okay. I understand. Some people who were members of Gamergate were vehement Drumpf supporters. I understand that some people who were all about ***le games ethics*** were stupid Russian bots. But could you please not be fucking retarded? Could you please?

Don't gamedrop because you think it's okay for fucksticks to do shady shit on your side.

If it's any consolation, I'm against Nazis just as much as you if not more so. Just... Don't be a fucking Kotaku reader about anything okay?
I mean, work would set them free if those lazy freeloaders would work.
It takes a long time to get to the top floor, hence high floor being high skill. You enter on the bottom floor.
If I had to file it down, the actual freedom. Most sandbox games (In the current crops) say "Here are our tools, do what you like with them." Gmod is "Here's our tools, also here's our code and whatever here's a repository of everyone's work that isn't the Facepunch forums."

If someone says "Why do you play Gmod?" what do you say back to them? Do you prefer trouble in terrorist town? RP maps? Sandbox style creation? Creating wooden forts and using makeshift cannons to blow them all to shit? Posing source engine models in goofy ways? Making cool screenshots? Creating armies of NPCs and having them battle? The space maps which allow you to build working spaceships with oxygen and planets to land on?

A sandbox implies that you show up and use the sand in the box for your fun. Gmod let's you choose what's in the box and how you play with it. And you can play Gmod for hours without ever touching the 'sandbox' mode because TTT and so many more game modes exist, thanks to other players.
I only burn the Rad Slimes who escape my ~~slime Auschwitz~~ happy fun-time friendship boxes.
[Spoiler](/s "Horror. Doki Doki is a Horror game doesn't matter how it starts. The Visual Novel style of gameplay doesn't change therefore the game is a Horror VN"), if we're pretending it's that easy to define Gmod.

Both games are hard to describe for different reasons but can be easily simplified if that's the end goal. Heck, You could call Gmod a Sandbox and Doki a Visual Novel and be done with it all.


TIL maybe I don't know what protagonist means... I dunno. The pro part throws me. 
> The protagonist of the story is a 38-year-old Somali citizen

I don't think this translation knows what "protagonist" means.
If it's any consolation, just the image of bear chef makes me smile. So you've got that.
"When /b/ was good - /b/ was never good" is an '07 or '08ish meme
> when /b/ was good

/b/ was never good
Then you can't picture The Stanley Parable.
"French Hussey Road" and "Tumble Down Dick Road" are both two real roads that I know of.
I would second Xcom as well but I would also suggest at least as one offs, Stardew Valley, Slime Rancher, [Notrium](http://store.steampowered.com/app/349100/), or Ty the Tasmanian Tiger.

I enjoy your longer series but the glut of Total War variants burned me out a little bit.
He just wants to fill his god hole.
I like Soopers just as much as anyone but who's going there for their Organics? Isn't there a chart or something, once you get this 'concerned' about what you're eating you're required to go to Whole Foods or something?
I could eat a peach for hours. 
Well, I know there are plenty of angry 5'5"-5'7" members of Army SF. Being short is great for kicking in doors when people are expecting 6'+ and send rounds right over your head. 
FOP is all over the place man. 
I just play on Steam with mine. We're never farther than a discord server or phone call away. 
Her face during Dennis' skin luggage rant is one of my favorite things...

Then again, Dennis' rant is one of the others. 
*mic. You leave Mike out of this. 
You should watch The Wackness
You clearly don't play racing games then. 