For PC it’s mainly Vigilance Wing, any pulse, 140 RPM hand cannons and sub machine guns. The buff mobility got helps mainly with strafing and warlock skating is sort of back. Dawn blade is really good after its last buff. Movement is crazy fast while in super and you get an extra throw. Transversive steps and Ophidian aspects are probably the best exotics for warlocks in my opinion but I mainly use the ophidians. 
Eh only time you’ll get timed out is looking for a comp match in the Osiris playlist but since they’re combining the comp playlist together shouldn’t be an issue. Pve part is alright and with the dlc coming out should be a bit better. 
It would be weird to see an energy version of Red Death lol 
I wonder if it’s going to be another “I need the flash to power my machine!”
He looked around it’s okay. 
But you can’t use them both at once
While damage is a good stat it isn't simply the most important. You can get a shitload of damage but if you aren't securing kills then there aren't any points being added to the scoreboard. I mean I agree overall that if someone isn't helping the team at all and just in the back of the map trying to pick people off while ignoring team fights then he's a shitty teammate but playing to stay alive is important since they can't win if they don't get kills as long as the person is actually participating in the team fights. 
He probably only got 6 defeats because every other time he sees it’s a losing engagement. The team lost by 30 because they failed to do the same and effectively kept feeding. I’ve been there.
The lady from Kifs planet is also in the back. 
He also said Broks animal told him he was afraid of something in the trees so seems like he can talk to animals in the game as well. 
The weird thing is, when Ruby used it the counter went up to show the progress but when Glen uses it, he sets it to 100%
Maybe his spidey sense told him something was about too happen? It did take a while to fully disappear though. 
Yet the devs will get bombarded with questions 
Just like jailbreaks get released for developers yet regular people install it anyway and complain when they have issues?
The only time a voiceless character really works is if they allow us to choose dialogue. Having him not respond to NPC’s and just do a head nod or something doesn’t put me in the shoes of the guardian. If anything it takes me out of it since I wouldn’t be quite in those conversations 
I feel like it was a bit of both. I don't think dude ever got beaten that bad 
Not just a regular dwarf. A giant dwarf. 
It would’ve been hilarious if the arm dropped with buckys gun since it’s technically not a part of him and then Rocket passes by to get it. 
The fact that some characters have sequels planned kind of makes it clear they come back lol
I believe this is what I did when I used to have iCloud installed since it downloaded everything to my drive. 
Isn’t there a post on the front page about shaders?
They do 
Grave robber is pretty good on smgs now. 
Yeah I think TTK only had that random mission on patrol that would pop up and tell you to kill taken. They were over leveled so it was a bitch to actually complete. 
I agree about the other stuff but I’m assuming they didn’t ice him because they still wanted him alive and they can’t move him while he’s knocked out if they’re running from them 
Damn. Can’t wait to see the movie tomorrow. Sounds like shit goes down 
The only time you'll get hit out of range is when someone does the alt attack that sends out an arc wave in front of him or when they do the combo that does the palm attack which also sends an arc blast in front of them. 
Why can't I ever be on the receiving end of that bad registration lol. I feel like their bash has a shit load of range. 
I hate playing on console because I just hate the Meta. Feels like you don’t have much weapon diversity as I do on pc. The fact that I have a clan on pc but not on PS4 helps too 
Good point
Raid bosses no but definitely does on strike bosses and bosses on patrol. 
Another problem is the fact that they tied winning a game to an achievement/trophy so it has to be accessible to people who have only the base game. 


They said there are more rewards passed fabled but didn't want to reveal it. 
True. It gets extra annoying when people think she was being literal. 
Yeah I know what you mean. I feel the same way about mods 2.0.  I was so hype to get them in the March update and was sad to see it get pushed back so far. All I can hope for is that it’s worth it. 
Completely agree. I don’t think we’ll be seeing it enough for it to be annoying. Plus I love buffs you get from getting a kill. 
I like clash too but the plus side of control is you always know where the enemy is for those super multikills lol
It’s to encourage people to still play quickplay. Why play quickplay if I can get Valor and Glory in comp?
Lol yeah I was totally expecting him to say they were making quick play 6v6
It won’t be hard to match damage type since you see the subclasses already but yeah even they said it won’t happen too often.  
I agree. I really don’t get why they made that change. Maybe when they make those weapon slot changes 
Tether just doesn’t amplify power weapon damage for whatever reason. 
I personally rather them hold off instead of releasing masterworks that are crap and rushed. I understand why you’d feel that way though. 
That sounds like a Barry issue not an Iris issue. Shit Oliver even told him about scoping out the area before getting in a fight. 
Which is the way it was meant. I don’t know why people are misinterpreting it. 
Lol so they double killed her off? 
The guy asked if it’s going to be matched by glory rank and I gave him an answer. If people aren’t playing that’s not SBMM fault 
Because in the “dry periods” things aren’t set in stone. They don’t talk about things that they’re still figuring out. When DLC comes out, things are locked in. 
Use the legacy section. It's the one that has majority posts as of now.
That’s the only reason why I’m excited for private matches. 
Competitive already prioritizes SBMM above connection so majority of games will have players at similar skill. 
I would like to be able to pull up my game history and have my stats available. (K/D, What weapons I got the most kills with, medals earned, etc.) 
The app has genuine LFG it’s just kind of buried in Account > Find Fireteam (Legacy)
I just think in order for the matchmaking to work properly it needs to calibrate your skill which you have to finish out games for. Regardless I’ll be happy if they add something to prioritize group size in matchmaking. 
Hm yeah maybe they could give it more health and give it that perk that had it generate orbs when it’s being damaged too like the sentinel shield. 
I’m grown up enough to understand if I don’t have the time to earn something in a video game then I’m not entitled to it. 

It’s not being an asshole to point out you’re not entitled to everything in a game just because you’re busy with life. 
I think it would be more than that considering one carry costs like $40-$80+ and those usually only tie them up for about an hour or so. Even ranking someone up for the gun might take a week or more. 
As I said though power leveling someone is going to be a crazy time commitment that many people that do carries won’t do unless they’re getting paid bank. It’s not like you can rank high enough in a day. Maybe some people would do it but I doubt it would be a common thing. 
That’s your life decisions not allowing you to get the loot, not bungie. 
Hopefully that’s only exotics you get in the world since they do drop from the raid chests. 
So how are you interpreting it?
I really thought this would somehow segue into having him eat his parents in chili like in South Park
I know the overall point is that he’s facing a stack but OP brought it up because that’s just the icing on the cake on why he’s backing out.  He’s saying he wouldn’t even match against the stack with the high k/d if matchmaking knew his skill level. I’m sure OP would be a bit more reluctant on backing out if he was going against a stack that were full of .5 k/d players. 
I’ve overviewed a lot of my games in comp and elo wise there was hardly ever a huge gap. Maybe +-200 points at most. I can also imagine the low playerbase makes it hard to always find a completely fair match at times as I did have a match where it was a 500 point difference. It’s working in comp but there’s not always the people to match correctly. 
I believe his "finding good games" refer to the fact that the person mentioned the enemies being in the 2-5 k/d region. Meaning if the game sees you can't hang with guys that good it would theoretically match you against people that aren't that good. 
I'm anticipating that matchmaking times will be pretty long but whatever, people said they wouldn't mind waiting. 
lol I was just giving you a possible scenario where it's better since you couldn't think of one but yeah I wouldn't be opposed to them adding blessings to it. I think WoL is fine sticking with the warlock though since it really serves the same purpose. 
I'm talking about DLC exclusives not full game exclusives.
I think amazon has it now for like $30 
I’m a solo player myself but I know there are tools I can use to play the activities others are claiming are inaccessible. Should there be an LFG in game? Of course but there isn’t. There’s multiple avenues to find people to play with. 
I doubt it. You don’t get glory from trials and The time commitment to level you up will probably be too much to bother. 
I’d imagine if someone does charge for this it’ll be a crazy amount considering the time needed to do it for one account. 
It’s useful in competitive to cap points or defuse. 
Microsoft did it first though. I feel like if they need to be Sony exclusive, the time limit should be a month like it was when Microsoft did it. It would be annoying but as it is now, by the time everyone gets it the stuff is largely forgotten. 
Lol you make it sound like the gun is what makes the player good. Especially considering there aren’t random rolls, everyone is on a level playing field. 
No prob man. It would be a huge missed opportunity if they didn’t bring it back now so hopefully. 
https://i.imgur.com/MIU1wba.jpg

Guy in the back. Blue light is used for fusions currently. 
That’s not the picture people are talking about ... 
You see it as unfair but do you really enjoy playing raids with someone who can't carry their weight? It is annoying because it seems like an endless cycle but to be good in PvP you have to actually play it consistently. If you're not good at PvP, good players aren't going to want to carry you. It's the same way people get upset when they get matched with teammates that are bad. It's not fun having to carry extra weight, especially in a quickplay match. 
Lol thats exactly what got people upset as it is now. The hardest content offering cosmetics doesn't make people want to do the hardest content. 
There are a few active PvP clans that will take a 1.0 k/d player. 
Looks like it just gives it a Legend emblem paintjob lol 
As the other guy said, this has to last an entire season. Also the 26 days is without the 5x streak going. 
No prob. If anything it should be since the one in the video had the masterwork slot and the screenshot one didn't so screenshot one was probably an old build of the game. 
maybe we can still twirl it
especially if it stacks with other masterwork armor. 
Different perks too
Did they say if it was per character?
Hopefully it has something to do with those Triangle ships we saw at the end of the campaign. 
Eh idk. I feel like different weapons do have a slightly different feel to them. There are some weapons I don't like because their recoil is a bit different or something. For example, I would do way better with Prosecuter than I would with Uriels Gift because Prosecuter just felt better for me.
Check out the perks from the screenshot of the weapon in the article. They're different from the ones in that More Console video. I'm hoping the one More Console used is the one we get because it looks wayyyy better. 
eh it has a different look. The core is different and the exotic perk is unique to it as well. in my opinion the only similarity is the fact that they're trace rifles. 
The problem was having the answer given to you. I mean I looked it up too but it was a neat quest. 
Well looks like the Hanzo mains can still shoot at the ground. 
The point to switching is that you kill someone faster. Watching some videos of people use it well you can see why someone would use it. It's one of those weapons where you have to be good with it to get see its worth. 
Looks like the perks were changed from whenever these screenshots were from. 
Hopefully they did but it could be good if it just gives more armor during super since you can slam multiple times IF it stacks with other masterwork armor too. 
Was also hoping for Bones but the sealed grasps aren't bad. 
haha never noticed. Probably because by the time I see a fusion, I'm already dead. 
What makes PvP bland is the slow ttk not necessarily the balance. 
Since fusions are power weapons now it does a bunch of damage in PvP. Also the sticky things it leaves behind do a good amount of damage too and you can use them as like landmines. 
Why is it pushing it for new?
We can only hope lol 
It’ll probably die when you unsub. 
They said since the introduction of raid lairs that DLC2 AKA Warmind was going to be the 2nd raid lair. 
I don’t get why people keep saying this. QoL updates have never been a part of DLC. They even confirmed as much as of late. You’d be paying for new content but that’s it. Whatever they have planned for random rolls, etc you should be getting without buying the DLC
Everyone that has spoke about DLC2 has said it’s better than curse of Osiris but that that isn’t that big of a challenge given how bad CoO was. 
Pretty sure everyone knows this DLC isn’t going to do much. Everyone is waiting for the September update
He was still getting yellow numbers after the scientific method thing went away so I think it’s a general debuff
Really depends on your play style on if they’re useless or not. 
There’s usually software to control it
LOL when exactly did your friends finally realize Halo was a Xbox exclusive?
Overwatch's comp system is different from the trials system. You don't have to win 7 games straight to gain SR in overwatch. 
Lol. the low population has nothing to do with matchmaking or lack there of. Otherwise it would've been the same in D1
Sentinel has voidwall?
I believe he was including Warlocks and Titans when he said "other subclasses" 
I understand that but If the choices were get machine that could lead to the end of the world or save one man, their choice should be to get the device.  I believe that’s why those three didn’t have much respect for Daisy’s authority. 
That could’ve easily happened if they let ruby live and she got out of control. Who knows if there would’ve been another opportunity to kill her if she was the one to crack the earth. 
I don’t know. The distrust in daisy started when she wanted to save Coulson before moving on known intel of the location of the machine. Had they listened to FitzSimmons and Yo-Yo before they could’ve had the machine and avoided the opportunity for Ruby to get fused with the gravitonium in the first place. 
That’s a good point 
You can’t buy with cash?
Never change spawn system, never change. 
Maybe daisy tries to get them to save coulson and tries to make a deal or something. 
I have this issue too. What you have to do is go to your profile, look at one of your recent matches and click your name on the scoreboard. From there you’ll be able to use all the tabs with no errors. 
Eh I think the main reason why people don’t use it is because it has crap damage. The heal on kill would be good for hunter and titans that have to get melee kills to have health regen. 
421
Arcstrider combination blow melee. After your first melee kill you can kill others with two melees and your health regens
I know you’re not supposed to wash hair daily but I can’t help it. I hate the oily feeling in my hair and I hate the smell of it too. Funny thing is I use shampoo for dry scalp as well. 
Yeah, prestige is also tied to a achievement for the base game. 
Well that’s nice of you 
While yeah it probably wouldn't bump up the population back to launch numbers I think adding bounties similar to D1's trials would bring back some of the lesser skilled teams. 
LMAO boy someone is upset. 
Well its a bit different when someone overprices an item that hasn't released yet and a PC from 10 years ago. It's still a bad deal but in a different way IMO. 
I like the hunter helmet at least. 
Should've bought more silver.
I actually think the model looks really nice but yeah the trail looks boring so I won't bother this week.
The people that really left aren't around to say they left. You may not play the game but you're obviously somewhat interested since you're in a bungie suggestion post 
Well we won't really know how much he helped but its safe to assume the damage he did on enemies helped his teammates secure the kill. I would also prefer having K/D shown at least though.
Ah ok I thought the inhibitor was the cap for some reason. 
Didn’t Savitar say they used that cap to beat Devoe? Maybe they just pump him full of more dark matter to make him dumb like Wells
Hey can’t blame the person for trying lol 
First time I tried it this happened and we lost because of it. Feelsbadman
Those are maps specifically designed for 6v6 though
Just wanna throw out that there isn’t any optimizing when it comes to super uptime. There’s only mods for grenades and class abilities 
Pretty sure a transmat effect is sold every week. Regardless the only way you can really get one is through eververse so I don’t think blaming Eververse works this time. It’s a dumb oversight. 
Truth or Dare: The Beginning 
lol yeah as soon as I saw the empty building I would've noped right out of there. 
I actually thought she was going to have slept with him and he killed himself over the guilt or something. 
I don't think even knew there was a demon to challenge since the previous group didn't seem to look into it. 
Oh I know. I’m just saying there are a bunch of people that say “I’ll definitely play every week if they did this!” But I bet those are the folks that’ll stop after a weekend of hard losing. I just personally think enabling matchmaking isn’t what’s going to bring the player base up in the long term. 
Only reason to do it yourself is to gain the experience and not having to wait for it to be sent back. I’m planning on sending it in because I rather not have the chance of messing up my cpu lol 
Sure but they could also just up the power on that to make it more powerful than other linears. Acrius does way more damage than a regular legendary shotgun. 
I don’t think other linear fusions ricochet or even penetrate so there’s that. 
Using a controller on Pc is just as annoying. I don’t even bother with it anymore and I’d usually use a controller for pve stuff. 
Everyone’s dismantling other sparrows besides instant summon but I’ll be the one laughing when SRL comes back! 
At this point I wouldn’t care if this was added but people that say they’d play it would quit after the first weekend they get their shit kicked in. 
Damn. I ran like 30+ normal and nothing. Ran like 10 prestige and got it on a 70k run. 
Well Facebook is basically made for reposts and who cares about imgur? lol 
Post says removed. 
You have to delid. 
When I got a ps2 I didn't get a memory card for months since my parents didn't want to spend anymore money. I had to play the beginning to gta 3 so many times. 
Her friends final dare was to simply shoot Lucy Hales character which she did just in the arm. That’s why the demon didn’t kill her. 
You’re not counting those people also spreading it 
Slideshot is great on console. Makes the scout have hardly any jump. 
There is a collection kiosk for exotics. 
Once you had the god roll there was no checking every perk on a gun. 
It is penalizing. You’re intentionally gimping one team. Doesn’t matter if it’s to “balance” it’s still gimping the full team. 

In a game mode like survival the score is already favoring the team with less players and your second suggestion only would reinforce people teamshotting more since a 1v1 would go to the guy with a quitter. 
So you want to penalize the team that doesn’t have quitters for something that’s out of their control? That makes no sense. 
I ran normal 30 times with no drops. I ran prestige maybe 10 times and got it with a 70k score. 
If I know what you’re talking about it’s simply activating the class ability while sliding I don’t know if you can on console since you need to double press the crouch button. 
Bounties are on the roadmap 
Maybe, maybe not but I already have all exotics so I’m holding them. 
What’s fun about a gunfight being RNG? If you like RNG gunfights then I guess you like bloom on handcanons too?

I’m not saying I don’t want hawkmoon to come back because I loved it and if it had the same perks it’ll be fine but I’m glad other HCs can’t get LitC anymore. 
I imagine it’s an unnecessary liability. Someone that uses drug can be perfectly fine at work or it can get out of hand and interfere. Why risk it? 
I thought he left because he wanted to get paid more. 
Eh I happen to like chart music but if I want to listen to something a bit less mainstream I’ll try to find a Spotify playlist because I’m too lazy to make my own especially when it comes to weeding out the shit that people say is great music but I end up hating. 
Precisely why I stopped believing in organized religions. 
And here I thought I was cool when I could walk the dog and rock the cradle with my old McDonald’s yo-yo. 
If you want to reference the lore you should look at the grimoire. http://www.ishtar-collective.net/cards/void 


Also there is no vacuum effect in void grenades because there would be no counter and that’s not fun to play against. 
It’s been a bit inconsistent for me. At tomes it’ll kill some enemies around it but other times it’ll leave them with half or less health. Maybe it needs its range buffed a bit more. 
You're right. Baths was 4 manned. They start it with 5 and one guy left. 
Pretty sure all encounters have been 3 manned. 
It’s only said every week lol
Now I want a Viking funeral 
Only in games where I don’t want to really try hard. Usually I run snipers/shotguns since they come with more ammo
If you don’t care about the game or the upcoming dlc, I don’t know why you’re wasting your time. 
Sure but let’s not act like that’s what people use it for hence the fact they my comment is downvoted. 
So then people should downvote. That post is sitting at 95% upvoted. 
Except it’s not just a regular story mission. It’s a story mission with modifiers. If he wants to play story missions with modifiers in D2 I doubt he’d have success playing how he did here either. 
Double sidearm and single shot grenade launcher. 
Put on the worst guns in D2 and play a heroic adventure on mercury. 
I really don’t think people are leaving because they can’t play on 2 new maps. Im betting it’s because this is something people have been asking for and wouldn’t be too big of a change. 
Of course they dropped the ball but look at the amount of crap they need to change in the game. They’re chasing their tails at this point it seems. I’m really not surprised. 
D1 had armor in eververse and it wasn’t pay to win. Even in D1 the eververse armor hardly affected the game. 
Yeah that’s the sparrow you got from getting pop tarts from target. 
Just added you BurnedBagels#1343 
“Am I the only one that misses the old title screen and music?!?!” 
I have the dlc and haven’t played on the new maps in a while because people are all playing in the regular playlist. If I want to play in the Osiris playlist with the new maps I have to deal with crazy long queue times. 
I tried too and they wanted me to take it into the Apple store after going through the pairing process twice. 
They need to be there if they want to get paid. 
If the guy was writing I doubt he was able to really pay attention to the meeting so he could’ve just been dismissed. Being dismissed from a meeting in front of everyone by the CEO is embarrassing on its own. 
Interesting. I’ve been saving mine since I have all exotics anyway so we’ll see for sure when the dlc drops
How could a team that dumb win 4 rounds
I believe the ones not highlighted weren't completed before the list reset
What? You can choose Rumble. 
Lol not sure if serious or not
Thats how it worked at the end of D1 not sure if its still like that in D2
Lol yeah that decision was really odd. I know in story he said the drugs they gave him had his grow hair really quickly
It certainly looks like him at least. 

http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Painkiller_(New_Earth)
This also happened in D1 so I guess the ttk was too high there too?
Ah I see. I can def see how that would piss the best of the best off. 
Crouching already works like that. They’ll ping the radar again after a bit. 
Ideally they’ll just allow us to select whatever nodes we want. 
Yeah it was posted in the bungie forums and on here when it was announced. 
Eh. I see what they were doing. They knew everyone looked up the enemies loadouts and they just wanted to make it easier. I’m not saying it’s not annoying but before people would pull the enemy up on a 3rd party website. I’d prefer if they just cut it down to show the enemy loadouts instead of your own. 
Not anymore. They fixed that in the last patch. 
What happened to Solus?
Yeah I mean overall it would be nice to not get kicked if in a full fire team but it’s really not that big a deal. It’s still ONLY a strike. 
When I built mine I was ready for this but was a bit sad that the h100i v2 only had a big old plastic covering that’s impossible to miss. 
I do that but with exotics with different mods
An ugly ass armor set at that lol
There was always supers that were more effective in Mayhem. Mayhem doesn't need to be balanced. 
I love how Deadshot brought up Waller losing weight. 
verifying 
Hm that’s a good point. For some reason I thought they could look into the cookie and see the guy going crazy. 
I kind of feel like it’s similar to actually cloning someone. If you’re torturing the clone you’re still torturing the person. Just not the original 
Had this happen to me recently. I didn’t know interest was calculated daily. Luckily, my bank was nice enough to waive it.
It makes sense he’s still there because they haven’t changed the future yet so everything still happens as we saw. 
Was this seriously the dialogue in the episode?
I find that r/fireteams is mainly for PS4. The xbox LFG app for Xbox and the Bungie website for PC.
That’s the funny part. Future her told her that she died they just brought her back. 
I think he means why announce it before it’s done; to just release it when it’s done without saying anything. 
Sounds like you should just be honest with the guy lol 
They finally added local chat about a month ago but its Opt-In by default so you'll only speak to people that know about the feature. 
Since I had days off during the week I would just request one of those days for the interview. 
They had scoring in heroic strikes before and just because there’s scoring doesn’t mean you have to kill everything. Heroic strikes are about whatever that person playing wants it to be whether it be speed running or killing everything. It’s annoying when you want to speed run but some people do the strikes on auto pilot so they kill everything. 
Luminosity was ridiculous with a Nightstalker
I used to use a XIM4 for a bit of destiny and while it doesn’t feel 1:1 it still made aiming easier. 
I feel like some of the name changes make sense in terms of better describing what they do. 
I’ve had this happen too and I’m not sure why. 
Carries and cheating in trials was always a thing so I never looked at anyone in awe passed the first month or so that trials was released. 

I rather people do this than DDoS 
Going against premades was just as annoying with D1 ttk
All I had to do with Planet Fitness was go into the gym I signed up in and do the paperwork there. 
The boxes are account wide. 
Ah okay that’s pretty funny lol thanks for the explanation. 
Is this online players or NPCs?
No one directly asked for 2 primaries but this was their answer to all of the complaining about special weapons throughout D1. I’m not saying I agree with their direction and you’re spot on about the other stuff but there’s some things they changed in D2 because of complaints in D1. 
Its not to act like he’s always right. It’s more because he knows it’s an unpopular opinion. At least that’s the way I hear it. 
Well the jumping really only works if you aren’t jumping next to a wall because those fuckers can climb walls lol annoying to play against but I still like it. 
Has it actually been banned on consoles before? I don’t know I find it odd that if devs had the chance to easily detect and ban them that it wouldn’t have been done already considering this isn’t a new problem. 
Mainly because friends. I’m not disabled but I moved to pc and it sucks and takes away a lot of the fun playing these games alone or with people I don’t know IRL. 
I feel like that happens when people like watching someone play a certain game instead of just liking the person. The most entertaining streamers can play whatever and still have the same amount of viewers. 
Haha I did that once with an iPhone 6 case on a iPhone 7. 
No they don’t. 
Lol that’s exactly who I was planning on going with. How long did the process take from the time you sent it out? It sucks not having my pc available 
Yeah I’ve been considering whether I want to get the tool or send it off
Hm the lowest I could go on my 8700k is 1.29v at 4.8 and I’m using the H100i AIO. Figured I just need to delid to get it lower 
Lol damn. Thats how my temps are and my case is much bigger than this one. 
I’ll say the quest for outbreak was certainly more complex and interesting but if there wasn’t a guide I likely wouldn’t have done it since I hate math lol I’m not saying I don’t want more like that in the game though. 
Haha it’s cool man I know the pain. It took me like 15 runs for it to drop 
I kind of mainly want the veterans flair on PC. I like respawning like I’m the stranger. 
Well I think it’s both. At higher multipliers it’s a higher chance but it’s still a chance and not a guarantee. Let’s say 80k put it at a 30-40% chance that’s still a 60-70% chance it won’t drop. Just like if normal was at 10% it’s still a 10% drop rate where you can get lucky. 
With faster damaging weapons you won’t need 2hk melees. People need to shoot their guns instead of trying to get into straight melee battles. 
After he sold the rigs there’s nothing he can sell to get anyone excited lol
Considering there are people who have run prestige like 5x with 80k+ score and it didn’t drop I’d say the chance is low but possible. 
Interesting. I already have the m40x w/mod mic but I might consider getting that mic you showed since the extra long wires really take up space. I was just curious if the Game Ones were an upgrade 
I really don’t know why these weren’t in the heroic strikes when the heroic adventures were added. Makes no sense lol
Damn I lost my first game to a bot. RIP :/ 
This is why I went EVGA when i upgraded. Really like how the Strix  line looks but EVGA has crazy good customer service. 
OOS but how do these compare to m40x + Modmic? 
Honestly reading OP's post doesn't say that. It's literally saying to reduce power ammo to make it more primary based, which I find funny. 
There was really no style of grasp that was good for pve. 
I can agree with this.  Opening shot on a sniper is odd. 
But that’s a raid exotic and the only weapon to compare it to would be Acrius which looks and feels unique although it’s only really useful in PvP 
I’m guessing they didn’t do that yet since we can’t choose strikes yet. It would suck to try to grind for a strike specific piece but you keep getting exodus crash 
Not like it’s the first time a pve weapon isn’t great in pve but great in pvp. 
I had the 7500 and it was a solid cpu. I’d say go for that one. 
Lmao this was me but I didn’t last long. Only played about an hour until I ran into some fucks throwing fireballs. 
Yeah definitely. I just hope it doesn’t take too long for them to adjust it and I feel like that’s where a lot of people’s anger is also coming from. 
That’s weird. The few times I had this issue I would just fast travel back to the traveler and it fixed it for me. 
If the VW player was in VW optimal range and outside of HC range then the VW player should win. 
Yes but I feel like they were doing this in steps. They wanted to change movement speed and ability cooldowns before ttk so see how it went. 
I enjoy it more because I feel like it gives more flexibility in gun fights as the other guy said and I doesn’t have games ending up being 4 skating titans with shotguns or someone camping sniper lanes for an entire game. 

I also don’t think there’s much separation between those weapons. All of those weapons one shot. 

I do think ttk is still a little too long where it is now but the weapon system isn’t an issue for me and really hasn’t been.
I’m pretty sure static rolls, lack of desirable loot, long cooldowns, high ttk are more of a reason why people dropped off the game than the weapon system. 
They did that though? 
I play on PC and I'll say it still feels like a clusterfuck. It's highlighted on the Burned out map where you're constantly getting pinched if you're unlucky with spawns. On the bigger maps it doesn't feel as bad though. 
Yeah you’re probably right. Rockets are easier to use so more will gravitate towards that but Honestly with more mobility I expect to see more Acrius too. Fusions also have ridiculous range. 
Yup. I don’t want them to go back. I’d rather they try to fix the issue but they do need to be quicker. 
Sure but snipers are hitscan so if a player can aim and you peek they could kill you. Rockets have travel time that should be easier to avoid. I agree they aren’t going away but I think there will be more variety. 
It’s real it’s just a typo. You can watch the video from bungie themselves. 
Even before the buffs they did a bit more damage than rockets. Just not by much and required all crits 
Still haven’t got the DO auto or Heart of time. 
People will be moving faster so should be able to dodge rockets easier. 
Let’s see how effective they’ll be if everyone can move fast. That’s why non grenades and horseshoes rockets were shit in D1. People dodged them way to easily. Couple that with the fact that their likely to have one rocket per brick and I’m sure people will use different weapons. 
I’ll argue that that’s what a power shotgun should feel like. Probably shouldn’t have 4 shots though. 
OHK is too much. At most it should bring their health low enough to finish off with 1 melee considering the fact that the damage chains. 
They did say all supers should move the same speed so hopefully. 
Im surprised they were up for as long as they were.
I've only breifly saw 580's in stock and I think one 1080ti but they were inflated prices. 
In my country they would’ve just said vacation wasn’t approved and fired you lol 
You’re upset because you don’t want to unplug the dock at home and bring it to work to use on your break room tv. Doesn’t get more first world than that. 
An extra static perk. 
Its funny how this is barely even mentioned. This is the one thing that annoys me about current trials. Strategics should be a part of PvP where you can counter the enemy. Imagine a game of Overwatch where you were locked into the first hero you chose in comp. 
Think you lucked out because I think Dell will only take it back if it has like 5 or more dead pixels 
Wow.  That’s really stupid. 
Wouldn’t warranty cover you? 
Not familiar with the park, What’s happening here?
Team up. I don’t even bother playing if I’m not with clan mates. 
The Dlc comes in May. 
Lol I’ve never been DDoSed in competitive. I doubt it’s a thing unless someone out there REALLY wants the helmet ornament. 
Its still pretty heavy even without weights. You'll notice if you used a lighter mouse before. Coming from the Deathadder I could feel the difference in weight. 
Its gesture based but you can enable the arrows for posts. 
I wouldn’t feel comfortable with a 460 W PSU with those parts especially if you ever want to consider overclocking. 

If you want a prebuilt check out NZXT BLD. I was checking out prices yesterday and they’re pretty comparable to building yourself. 
I think the message is getting relayed fine it’s just management wanting to reinvent the wheel in many ways. 
You didn’t know? We need the complaints in every thread! Otherwise Bungie might not change anything. 
I love how the top comment is the first thing that came to my mind when I saw the picture. 
Flinch doesn’t mean much when you can spam an auto though. You don’t have to be super precise where you do for scouts. What do you do to combat that? Make body shot ttk shorter for scouts? Then why go for headshots? 

450 autos can still be fun you just have to stay in your range. Would you feel the same way if SMGs had the same range as 450 autos? What about shotguns? Anyone getting easy kills with someone is always going to say it’s fun doesn’t mean it is for everyone else playing against it that has to use the same to compete. 
Looks like a good amount of people are just going to r/destiny2
Lol he saw the opportunity for easy karma. 
Hes not saying it’s a problem. He’s saying we get it. 
I don’t mind the milestones giving more consistent dupes because they’re so easy to complete. 
Lol this doesn’t apply to Trials ... competitive playlist is not trials and I don’t think people DDoS in comp. 
Grouping up is always going to be a viable tactic. Adding anything to split groups from solos would kill the comp playlist more than it already is.

 **Hopefully** if the playerbase comes back they’ll add that in because I hate going against groups too. 
It’s because people don’t care what they have to say if it isn’t “we’re bringing things back to how it was in D1” 

What else can they say? If they aren’t making these changes yet then they can’t say “we’re listening” so they just stay silent. 

**Hopefully** after this update they’ll talk a bit more but we’ll see. 
Yeah I feel like people wouldn’t be as upset if it didn’t take 6 months to roll out this update. People are understandably worried it’s going to take another 6 months just for another update if the go fast update flops. 
They HAVE to hit the ball out of the park with mods 2.0 but I don’t know why they’re reinventing the wheel when they can just do random rolls again. They’re trying to scratch the same itch in a way that makes them work harder for no reason. 
Out of the 400 hours I’ve played between pc and PS4 it’s crazy that I’ve only had that gun drop once. 

On PC I also haven’t had Nergel drop once. It’s crazy 
This is why I wish there was a way to upgrade rare gear to legendary. There’s some rare armor that looks better than legendary gear. 
Leaving a class of weapons that can compete with scout rifle ranges make scout rifles pointless. Why go for headshots when I can crouch spam auto rifle shots from across the map and have little to no drop off? 
When you replied to someone asking “what do you expect them to say?” 

Point is the other changes are feasible. Them giving out DLC isn’t. 
Yes. Those are things you want them to say in response to the other post. 
If you think they’re going to be giving DLC away, just unsubscribe now. 
Nice. I’ve been mainly using top tree with stompees and a HC and SMG to spam the melee with dodge giving me my melee back but I’ll try this one out. 
I only want m.2 drives because I’m lazy and don’t feel like putting more wires in my case. 
God. Every time I read one of his tweets I think it’s one of those fake tweets made on the tweet generator but nope. 
Some of the prophecy weapons are pretty good. Still disappointing but not all are complete trash. 
I’m curious why more games don’t support it? Is it just because not many people buy two gpus? 

I use a H100i v2 watercooler for the CPU. I have 3 fans in the front but 2 are attached to the radiator and the 3rd is intake for the case. I have 2 exhaust fans; one in the back and one on the top.

Honestly I think you'll be fine with your fans. My CPU idles at about 40 C and about 70-75 C under gaming load and thats with an OC, so at stock it'll be cooler.  That Noctua cooler you have is on par if not better than my water cooler so you have nothing to worry about. 
So It looks like reducing the bitrate to 30 fixed the issue. I spoke with Nvidia support though and they also recommended uninstalling with that Revo app and gave me a list of applications that sometimes cause problems with Shadowplay. 
Yeah you’ll be fine. I have a similar build and play those games fine. OW is maybe average 150 FPS and it’s been a while since I played tomb raider but I know it was around 80 FPS average but I turned off hairworks and a few other effects I don’t like. 
Lol it’s not even a gaming chair dude. It’s an office chair. 
Problem is that a sniper that can't OHK is pretty useless. Only way to balance it is to have it be like NLB with a iron sights and slow RPM. 
You probably can but I believe the xmp profile will only go up to 3000mhz. 
To be fair all RAM is expensive right now. The one he chose is pretty generic and the difference in price between 2133mhz and 3000mhz is small. I do think he should get a better mobo though. 
Hey so I just tried it, recorded for an hour and it was fine. Used replay buffer to record the last 10 minutes and it was fine as well. So it seems to just be a shadowplay issue. Any idea how to fix that? I kind of like the popups that let me know if it actually saved and what not. 
If they’re shit then they shouldn’t win the game.. 

I mean it’s a boring way to play in my opinion but it’s a viable play style since the game is about being the last man alive. 
I have one and you don’t need WiFi. 
Just retested and it's fine up until ~8:30 now and then it starts artifacting and slowing down but no crashes. 
Play comp playlist and see how well solo-queue for trials will go. 
I had to reinstall drivers when I changed mobo/cpu a week ago but I’ll try using DDU to see if it helps. 
There’s a small piece of lint on the chip. 
Rip. Got to 2nd place 
Not sure personally. I haven't seen the movie.
>whenever it suits him.

Why is this an issue when its not actually his job to talk about the game. Especially areas where he doesnt really cover.

I'm not really missing the point. What questions do you want him to answer? Why is the game shit? Why 2 primaries? Why is the game the way it is? Those aren't easy questions and if  someone was going to answer questions like that then it'd be people who can give an answer the company feels comfortable releasing to the public because if he says anything wrong then its his job he loses. 

I agree with you that they need to work on their communication and they need to actually own up to mistakes instead of playing it off as not being how they intended but I feel like that's Bungie's issue and not these specific people. Shit if their boss said "Guys we need you to answer these questions" They would have too. 
Well then. I got bamboozled 
Police literally have a social media department. It’s not hard to add a suspected dealer and catch them lol
For cash transactions you just pay a certain amount and they give you the difference if you paid too much. 
$100? Shit they take $1 out of my account first. 
Think this was one reason why it wasn’t picked up on shark tank.
Damn. Never seen the movie. Thats pretty dope.
But it’s not like the color hurts performance.
Damn now I’m sad I loaned my game to my friend yesterday lol
Damn they added motorcycles? What else did I miss lol
His bio says what he does and then says “I mostly tweet about games, sci-fi, movies, comics and tv binging. “ where does it say “follow me for destiny news”?  He is ready to listen. He says he reads the feedback even when it’s hard to hear but he just doesn’t comment on anything because in reality it’s not his job to comment on things like that publicly. 
It is a personal account though and all I’m saying is you shouldn’t expect him to talk about the game when it’s not his job to talk about the game. There are official people put in place to talk about the game and he isn’t one of them. When he talks about the game it’s a plus but shouldn’t be expected too.

 If he says one thing wrong then it’ll all fall on him and he’ll be out of a job. Why risk that when there are people that are paid to talk about the game in a official capacity. If you don’t care about his life then don’t follow him. Shit his bio even says what he mostly tweets about. 
Looks like a play hit. Can see the uppercut didn’t connect. The other actor really sold it though. 
I have that Asus prime and like it. Only negative is that it only has 2 USB 2.0 ports but most probably won’t need more than 2 
If people want Destiny news they should follow official destiny pages. This is the dudes personal account he doesn't have to tweet about the game. 
Lol they're already "taking their lumps". 
The only way to get goodwill back from the playerbase is to fix the game. A statement like the above wouldn't do anyone any good. 
Was it past a year?
If it’s EVGA take it. Warranty transfers over and should have like 2 years left on it. 
It wears the fans if anything. People lie because of the misconception that gpus that were mined on are no good. I wouldn’t buy them for Like new prices though. 
Bypassing something they put in place kind of takes away your innocence...
Haha that’s dope. I need to stop by your stores. Most the ones I work in only have streams playing 
Tell me how to feel!!
No worries. You’re right. Used the wrong word my bad for that. 

I have to rewatch it since I only watched through once. Maybe I missed the hints since it wasn’t something I was expecting out of a show on Nickelodeon lol 
Lmao oh yeah. You can still see part of Batman’s leg. 
Idk how that’s what you got from my comment but My point is that they seemed like close friends up until that point to me. 
Honestly up until the ending I had to ask myself, wait she’s ~~gay~~bisexual? It didn’t feel natural to me. 
I had experience with this recently. Not fun
I think those are about 70% not 90%. I’ve used those pads and they work but it took a few since the alcohol isn’t that strong. 

Best method is 91% alcohol on a paper towel and then coffee filter to take off whatever’s left IMO. 
Out of curiosity. Any examples?
The whole scene where Jemma says the same saying his mom used to say kind of insinuates that Dekes Mom is Jemmas daughter. 
Lol that would actually be very smart. Didn’t think of that. 
At least he didn’t delete the tag on the bottom of the photo
You can still see the cgi suit on cyborgs leg..
Yeah and considering this is. Display that games won’t be played on I’m sure no one will notice anyway lol 
Damn. 20,000 i7-8700 K’s 


Congratulations, you eliminated yourself. 
https://imgur.com/gallery/ETGpk
Sins of past and ghost primas are good also but I got them from clan engrams. I get your point though. Wish they would’ve at least had a deal more damage to cabal perk instead of a non raid exotic lol 
At first I didn’t feel like a big deal but I agree. I have no weapon to chase after I got midnight coup since the rest dropped from my clan. 

Definitely need to look at other incentives for clans
Nice free shipping. Last time they had them this cheap shipping was like $20
They will change it back only after they try to fix the issues people have with the system now which I don’t mind. I don’t want them immediately scrapping the idea and just going back to what it was when there were obvious issues with it when it came to crucible. 
It was selective because I thought the other old names were fine? 

I didn’t say the name is a false description. I said the new name gives a better description of what it does than the old one. Sure it’s time limited but what does reactive reload really tell you? To me it sounds like a perk that would buff reloads if anything. 
Well kill clip sounds better than reactive reload and kind of tells you what the perk. 
I feel like it is. I know the gains are really minimal but better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it. 
Price difference isn’t that big so I’d just go for 3200 unless you really can’t afford the extra ~$20
I use splitters on my Z370-A  and it works fine. Also used them on my B250 board previously. 
I went from a i5-7500 to a 8700K and the gains for gaming were good but not my main reason for the upgrade. I wouldn’t do it just for gaming. I upgraded for multitasking. 
That’s why they won’t though. Less people will hop to the other brand. Especially in Nvidias case where the gsync monitors are more expensive.
That sounds way better than what we got
Thanks! Actually ran AIDA64 and it went to 94 c Yikes.  89 was just from a fire strike bench. 

Any recommendations on a better cooler? When I was asking for the best AIO it was more in terms of for my case because reading up some people were having clearance issues when mounting on top. 
What ram are you using? I know there’s clearance issues with certain types of ram
Im new to overlocking so maybe my settings are wrong but Right now I’m at 4.8 GHz with voltage at 1.25 and I get max temps at ~~89~~ 94  c and isles around 40 c 

I did lower voltage to 1.20 and system crashed. I assume
It’s just a cooling problem since a lot say the 212 isn’t the best.  
I was able to leave a review on my old company without putting in my old work email. It wasn’t a game studio but I don’t know if the process will be different. 
I played at 1440p with a 1080 and then 1080 Ti with a i5-7500 and it played games fine. I only would dip below 60 in extremely demanding games otherwise I was at 80+. It depends on what you’re playing and at what resolution since if you’re going to play at 1080p with a 1080, a lot of the work will fall on the cpu. 
Damn I should’ve looked at the open box stuff lol I only paid $20 less for a cheaper brand new board. 
Yeah it definitely runs better now 
Didn’t the meme start when the game ran like crap even on high end builds?
I had a 120 GB but ended up just getting a 480GB after. 240 is fine l just had extra money so went for the 480.  I switched because I hated having to micromanage my storage at times. 

Personally I’d get a 240 but a 120 isn’t bad. 
How much did it come out too after the $30 discount?
They changed invis for pvp only. They probably can change ability length but it’d feel weird to have it last way longer in pve then jump into pvp and have it last shorter. I agree about weapon range though. 
Hm guess I’ll have to wait until I get home and triple check that everything is in correctly. 
No worries. I THINK I might have figured it out but I’m not able to test it until later. I installed my gpu on a x8 pcie slot instead of the x16. I’m not sure if that’ll cause the issue I’m having but it might. 
Yeah both are. My first monitor doesn’t have the issue. 
Yeah I had to reinstall yesterday since I was having performance issues and display issues. I’m STILL having a display issue though. Whenever I set my second monitor to anything but 60hz it starts flickering and going black for a few seconds 
True
Possibly the manufacturer can but I’m sure all that info is passed on to the police and Best Buy just takes the hit. 
Best Buy’s I’m at have 1050ti’s for about $500 usd
Well once you get out of the store then you’re good. They’re not supposed to chase you and at most can try to stop you from leaving the store. I saw some guys run out the store with 2 PS4s before. 
Yeah I agree I wish we saw more of it but the one glimpse was nice. I do agree about your second point too. I’m convinced the guy sniping is the Greg guy that got fusions nerfed and he’s probably the only one good at the game. 
Because even getting shot once now makes your scope go crazy. If you’re taking sustained fire; enough for the multiplier to ramp up then it’s fine for the scope to jump. 

It also showcased how quick he got his super from kills. In that clip he got half a super. 
Yeah They’ve said something like “should I be the one to do the hallway talk this time” a few times. 
So the way to fix this is on his new account on the computer, you have to link his PSN account. When you sign in on the PS4 it should be connected to the new account. 

When I first loaded up fortnite I skipped the sign up but recently made a pc account so I can have my stuff transfer between both systems and I did what I said and I have my gear on both pc and PS4 now. 

Worth a shot BEFORE you actually shell out the money for the battle pass though I suppose. 
Of course there will be. Will there be a lot? Doubtful but yeah people will. 
Single player viability doesn’t mean solo players queuing up. It means a single player not with the rest of their team and the change does help with that. Communication has also  always been a big factor in competitive game modes. 
It'll bring a bunch back, especially those that paid for it already. The question is whether they stay
Damn had no idea the radius was that big
Whats a cheap mobo for coffee lake? The cheapest I see are like $90 which are the z370's? 

I have 212 Evo which I guess should work as a cheap cooler for now right? 
Thanks I’ll look into the 8400! I appreciate it. 
The issue I’m having is with multitasking. I try to do something like play destiny 2 or quantum break on my main monitor and watch YouTube and twitch on my second and the second I go back to my main monitor, the video would start buffering. According to the task manager my cpu was hitting 100% as well as my GPU. 

I’m playing on 1440p so I’m assuming it’s my cpu holding me back. 
The issue I’m having is with multitasking. I try to do something like play destiny 2 or quantum break on my main monitor and watch YouTube and twitch on my second and the second I go back to my main monitor, the video would start buffering. According to the task manager my cpu was hitting 100% as well as my GPU. 

I’m playing on 1440p so I’m assuming it’s my cpu holding me back. 
How much better is this compared to an i5-7500? Worth the upgrade or should I just wait for the next intels? 

I have a 1080ti
Sounds like you’re fighting for your money and phone, not your life. Dude got the charge reversed so it’s not a big deal. He only needs a new phone. Alternative could be that he’d be dead in a ditch. 
I always found it odd to sit in the front, especially if I’m by myself personally. 
I guess that’s a good point. 
His point is the driver can drive away while the other guy makes sure you don’t do anything stupid instead of a lone driver having to do both which is difficult. 
I think in survival it might make it a bit more campy but im willing to try it out and see how it plays. 
Yeah I feel like they really just need to set up PTR. Luke smiths excuse of not wanting to spoil surprises makes no sense. You don’t have to add new guns to the PTR. Just let us test sandbox changes ourselves. 
No prob. It definitely is a bit confusing because I don’t think they ever referred to it as a tracker. I don’t mind trying it out but I hope if it doesn’t turn out good they won’t take another 6 months to change it. 
It’s confirmed to be the radar. 
Nope. They’ve been speaking about it on twitter and it is radar. I don’t know why they call it a tracker but they definitely mean radar. Here’s one of their responses to a question about Nightstalker being useless with no radar. https://twitter.com/josh_hamrick/status/972006650499313664?s=21
In the update after this one they fixed the bug that didn't allow them to tweak flinch. Watch his first kill where he gets shot and his reticle doesn't go to the floor. It also shows movement speed and how fast he gets his super. 
Maestro-46 

High impact and Has triple tap 
There's no reason? 6 kills vs 2 kills at minimum unless you can get many multi-kills with rockets which I don't see often. Those 6 kills can all be done from a range where you have to be relatively close for a rocket unless the enemy is a bunch of idiots. They're reducing flinch to snipers which is one thing people complained about when people actually used snipers. 

Also, they said they're adjusting rocket ammo to account for the increased heavy drop so at most you're getting 1 rocket a box. Plenty of reasons to move away from rockets at this point. It'll only be more apparent in trials/comp where shotguns and swords would be a better choice due to no radar. 
Not to mention the smoke will be useless since the majority use case is to mess up the opponents radar. 
I doubt it because it never did in D1 when you used it in inferno. 
D2's radar has more range than D1. 
Yes. D2's radar has more range. 
Could possibly not be set in stone yet. I'd **HOPE** for some numbers when the patch hits. 
True. Can’t wait!
Some people are saying the tracker is where it shows who has super and what not but I don’t know. 
> This decrease has been compensated for with an increase in PvE damage for the base weapons - your weapons with explosive rounds will not do less damage after 1.1.4

Completely looked over the point after that? Nice. 
They didn’t ...
Ah I see. Sucks they didn’t at least reduce range on the radar then in that case but I’m willing to try it out. 
Must be the guy who got fusions nerfed. 
Most fun I had personally. Really showed how majority of people rely on their radar instead of sound cues. 
Flashback to spooky trials 


Lmao I accidentally did something Like this in my first online match. I saw one rolling around and downed a teammate trying to kill it.
78
That’s what happens where the player count is so low. 
You mean the janitor can’t fix the game?!
Lol this guy can’t win can they? People have been wanting them to talk about sandbox update in every other TWAB so he confirms it’s going to be talked about in this one and you’re upset? Cmon. 
You can get dupes on those since they have random rolls. It would suck to get a improved roll sparrow when you want a instant summon and never have a chance for it to drop unless she sells it BUT I do think they need to tweak the drops. 
I’m assuming the person making the graphic was told to put a destiny picture there and didn’t realize they meant destiny 2 or that person just likes Destiny 1 and didn’t think many would notice. 
As far as the tether goes, I want to say everyone takes the same amount of damage since everyone usually dies right after I kill one guy. You can use power if they’re in a position to teamshot you before you kill them. 
[im getting 2025 too lol](https://i.imgur.com/4GfreC1.jpg)
Well my bad for that mixup. Still don’t think it’s what’s going to fix crucible and don’t necessarily think it’s a problem that needs fixing. 
There are many other posts on this sub that outline how to possibly fix crucible. I do not think giving every class dodges and invis is the way.  All that does is make the classes more alike. 
Hunters can still die during their animation. 
25% now
Lol I have the same poem in my packet and thought the same when I saw the title. 
That’s very odd. I’m curious as well now. 
Can’t unsee. Tattoo ruined now 
They never ran that fast for that long. 
Wasn’t it iris ?
Haven’t seen the last few episodes. Where did this meme come from? Lol
Hey man, I basically lived there until I got the helmet on my hunter and Titan 
Yeah, for some reason I perform way better with TWS than I do with Darkest 
Yeah I kind of wonder if the concept of ROI was supposed to be somewhat how D2 actually started. I could see Siva Fallen attacking the tower 
They weren't really hard to earn since you could buy them after a certain rank. A good roll was probably hard to get. Also IB weapons were pretty much all reskins of weapons out. I believe the one time it wasn't is when ROI dropped. 
ROI was done by the live team because D2 was pushed back. ROI wasn’t supposed to exist. 
The blood borne deal is done right?
Looks like what they nerfed was the fact that it pulls ammo from reserves instead of from thin air. Watch your reserves fluctuate while it doesn't move at all in the main video. Looks like you do get ammo after a kill but it def works a bit differently then in the beta. 
I don't mind matchmaking in nightfalls since you don't need too much coordination but Raid matchmaking will fail. It'll go the same way as guided games. 
Mine only has a white backlight but it definitely doesn’t strain my eyes when I play. It does help me find other buttons that I don’t usually press often though. 
Yeah I can say I had people calling my phone upset that I kept calling them. I had to change my number because of it. 
I didn’t know they get that low lol 
Wouldn’t she kind of have to assume the debt if her mom can’t pay it AND she doesn’t want to have the mom arrested?
The Chick-fil-A sauce was way better then Szechuan in my opinion 
I'll be honest dude, nice snipes but that slow down effect was way overused. It started to give me a headache. 
$50 seems more reasonable to me for initial installation. 

20 min drive could be about 20 miles or less depending on traffic. Depends on the vehicle being driven but Gas in my area is about 2.70 a gallon and can't imagine more than 2 gallons being used on that trip. So the drive itself probably isn't very costly.

You're also assuming the guy is a yelling moron when he can easily be a quiet guy letting the guy work even so it's still 5-10 min of installation. 

The only thing that makes me feel a little better about the price is that they make sure it works. I wonder if they just make sure it posts or do more to test its stability.  So I guess it sort of balances out considering. 
I thought the game came out of early access on pc? 
I’m not saying offer the service for free but $90 to install RAM is a bit much IMO. If people pay for it then I can’t blame Amazon and more power to the actual customers. Just seems like a excessive price. 
Except when that labor is installing RAM
The easiest thing would be to make a regular PS4 profile that’s not attached to a PSN account and just update via usb stick. For games they can just pop in a disk and hit update software I believe 
Oh man I’d get my brother and friends to rage with that feature. 
I haven’t had a jailbreak since iOS 9. They added mostly everything I would jailbreak for functionality wise. I do miss changing fonts and themes though. 
I actually prefer the silicone cases because of the extra grip it adds. 
Can’t blame him. Shit sounds like fun 
I really thought it was going to end with you getting fired because he told them or something. 
She probably didn’t want to be the bad guy, assumed he’d say no so it can be his fault. She ended up being the bad guy later on though anyway. 
https://imgur.com/gallery/DwFai
While I loved the show I would’ve hated it to become one of the shows that should’ve ended when it was good. 
Better your motherboard than your GPU lol
My trio has been shinobus, graviton and aeons. Every single helmet or gauntlet I have is now 330. 
Point is, don't complain that he isn't selling the one exotic you need when the fated engram is the next best thing aside from it being sold directly. 
I think its because there isn't a vendor page anymore and there's no API for the bot to pull the info from. 
No Aeons for you? you're lucky
Until now I never knew what the bug actually was. 
Clearly
any change in the game should be tested. I'm not sure why thats a bad thing. 
They already said they're decreasing cooldown on abilities ..
They don't combine the two because sandbox changes also affect PvE
Ah you're right. I actually forgot about that. 
Its funny too because there were a lot of people that liked the boosters and stuff like that while Titanfall did it before COD
They actually buffed radar which is the issue. 
At least they acknowledged it. Sometimes these things aren’t easy to fix. 
Only good modifier was torrent regardless. They didn’t take much away. 
I don’t think they would’ve stopped him if it meant getting the totems. That seems like a very fair trade. Now they have no totems, no Ray and no leverage. 
So it was actually the exotic perk from outbreak prime. The community version was called path of exile. 
I don’t mind when they add stuff to existing models but a lot of reskins in D2 they haven’t really added much on weapons. 
Eh I think bungie is fine with taking ideas from the community but they wouldn’t take designs. I know there was an exotic gun in D1 that was inspired perk wise by a community made exotic. 
Looks like he bought one every release. 
If you were already logged in and redeemed it then you should try restarting  your game. It worked for me previously. 
Damn I use mine for voice. Never thought about being able to strafe and res. Now I need to find another keybind for it lol 
> Why people aren't totally up in arms

People have been up in arms for months...
Does the card disappear after a successful clear with it? Havent had a chance to run prestige 
Orpheus Rigs don't gen orbs but the tether does. More tethers = more orbs 
Did you redeem while you were logged in?
Kind of wish they'd bring back all of the old "paid" ones 
I feel like thats how it started 
I’m not saying I’m faulting Tony for fighting him in that moment. It was traumatizing. I guess my point is that after time has passed he should be able to come to terms with the fact that it ultimately wasn’t Buckys fault. 
I’m sure you’ll care when they break the contract and there is no game and if you wouldn’t then it doesn’t matter either way. 
lol yeah it definitely is a lot of work. I mostly stopped playing on PS4 besides events but it is tough. 

I get the frustration with people leaving but as someone that only wants the ornament, leaving a losing game is the quickest way to get it. Sure sometimes people leave way too early but I get it. I do the same as you and just leave once someone else leaves. 
Costs more money because it’s more effort carrying a bad player. 
It flashes when that message comes up
It’s because the buff isn’t that big. If it was burn then we’d expect an increase like in D1
I like that theory. 
Why don’t they use a meta human dampener? It worked for all the metas she’d absorbed already. 
Shit that bad luck power is probably the most OP. 
Which one?
Funny thing is with them playing the flashback he never said it would actually work lol
That show got canceled? I tried watching it but it was pretty boring 
Nah it left the whole suit if I remember correctly. 
I couldn’t even finish mine. I just ate the rest of the nuggets with BBQ sauce I had at home. 
Yes it’s in the chat they added today and yes it’s opt in every location but there IS an option to auto opt in every time. 
It’s already public event chat. It’s public chat all around. And yes while being opt in sucks, they remind people that it’s there every time they go in a zone 
Yeah. Not as good as opt-out but it’s something at least. 
There is
>Local text chat is manual opt-in by default, and a "Type /l to join Local Chat." message will be shown in the text chat history each time a player joins an activity. If manual opt-in is enabled, each time someone enters local chat after the player joins an activity a "<player name> has joined local chat." message will be displayed. 

Looks like it'll be displayed in game at least. 
I personally think you should just get the K if you can afford it. You may not want to OC now but may want to in the future and it’ll cost a good amount to upgrade to something you can OC. 

I went with a 7500 because I didn’t want to OC but now I regret it :/ 
You left out a key part. The fact that the person that killed your parents did so while mind control. I probably won’t be all buddy buddy with the guy but it’s not his fault. 
I did the same upgrade and my god my watch is useful for Siri and using apps now. 
Think they ended up bringing them back then discontinuing them then brought them back again. 
If only he liked the Chipotle Chicken Panini 
Yeah tried it and it’s nasty as hell. Wish I had my sweet and sour sauce
If you have a gaming keyboard you may have a button that disables the windows button. Alternatively though you can press Ctrl+Enter and it'll go into Windowed mode
Great list. The map and chat notifications are 2 things that annoy me every time. 
But it takes longer in between bursts and is less forgiving, which is why people don't really use it. Darkest Below is currently #1 weapon used in Trials on PC. 

The other 2 540 RPM pulses are fine as well but they're kinetic so don't get used often. 
Nightshade is a different archetype from Darkest Below. 
I'm assuming majority of the people in inactive clans are in a clan with their friends. There's also the fact that its difficult to find an active clan for me at least. 
The comments I read stated it reduced the risk of certain diseases 
Yeah you have a point. They had them only divided between classic and the regular named game modes that had all the new DLC maps I suppose.
The only one I like is the warlock one. I finished it on pc but still need 20 wins on PS4 but I don’t want to jump into the rabbit hole again lol
You can check on destinytracker. I’m at 1.4 KA/D and 1.2 K/D
But that’s only because the population is low. No  one complained about it before. 
They were bad because they were so unforgiving and I dont think the actual 4th shot did more damage than a regular 3 burst pulse.
The only thing that was wrong with shoulder charge was the annoying stickiness it had. It would legit launch a titan up if you jumped up at times. 
Lol.. This game has never had the definition between classes. Titans were always faster and Warlocks were able to be the tankiest. 
That's pretty much how melees are supposed to be used IMO. 
Im not suggesting anything. Im not saying anyone is unimportant but there are roles in a company where you’d need to be reached for one reason or another whether that be via email or phone. I’m not trying to be a dick in my question. I was asking out of legit curiosity since I don’t work in the corporate world. 
Think he meant he could’ve saved money getting a FE since the STRIX are typically more expensive.  
They have ones that are made only for Xbox and pc but for nothing else while others will work for PC/PS4 and wired with Xbox 
Like what? I’d imagine in any higher up position or any position where you’re in charge of important things, you’d need to be contactable if anything goes wrong. 
FWC still hasn’t won though? It was DO, NM, NM
I wanna say two more since I believe it’s once per month and the next season is in May
OP said hold tab which takes longer when he can press M for it to open instantly. 

Edit: Lmao Downvoted for informing him of a faster way to open his map. GG 
Press M to open up your map 
All I expected was all new sub classes or just a 4th and a new race to play as and a new race to fight against. 
That’s more of an issue with there being no rewards for guides other than the rating on your clan page. 
Yeah I think for the raid at least they should expand on the guided games to make it more LFG like. 
Wow. Had no idea hammers wrecked lanterns that fast lol
I don’t know if you play on pc or console but on pc the quitting really is that bad. As soon as we lose a round someone drops. Matched against a 4 stack? Then someone will likely drop before we even land. 
When I was doing mine I had this guy that would leave and since he left I would leave. I got matched with him like 3-4 times over the next few games until he finally just stood and we won 
Yeah I did the same as you although it took a bit longer than 3 days for me. 
What? People say they post all of these negative posts about destiny 2 because they’re so passionate and want to see the game do well. They aren’t wrong about what they said they just omitted the fact that those people stopped playing. 
For the entire life of destiny I’ve played with a bunch of people but it usually ends up being one and done :/ 
You and me both bro
Nice man. I still can't make one friend online lol 
I keep having an issue where the end of my recordings end up corrupting or something. 
Why?
Yeah I get what you mean. Luckily they fixed raid drops and you always get something for nightfall’s. You actually get double rewards with nightfall’s since you get the drop at the end of the strike and then the Zavala drop. 
You sure you didn’t hit the 30 package limit? After 30 packages all you get is the shaders and the additional non faction weapons/armor
There are plenty of guns that are just as good as those guns. You choose to stick with 5 guns. In D1 anything that was in a non meta archetype was instashard. If it was in one of the meta archetypes then it had to have a decent roll. Shit even now there are archetypes that are trash and god rolls won’t save them. 

You guys act like a god roll 20/20 AMR7 actually made the sniper good but it didn’t. 

I’m not even saying I don’t want random rolls back but I don’t need to make up crap about being hype about any weapon that dropped because it could have a god roll. 
But the non faction items are in addition to faction rewards? They don’t replace them. 
Why does it bother you so much? Before you grinded for rep that can only be used on the character you got it on. 
The little fusion bolts double as mines. I’ve got plenty of kills shooting the wall when the enemy walks by them. 
Grave robber is actually pretty good on SMGs
I'm pretty sure they can't queue as Seekers though. 
Eh I never used my mic for Nightfalls since its not like you need coordination for it. On PC you can just use the text chat if anything.
Yeah I get the eagerness. That’s going to be the update that determines if people come back to the game or not so I hope it’s a good update. 
Oh okay. I see what you mean. My bad. Yeah we should be hearing more about it probably next TWAB or the one after since it’ll be March. 
Goal! Goal! Goal! Goooooooooal! Goal?
You guys only on PS4? 
It’s also like $1 to upgrade to medium and like 1.50 to upgrade to large. While it isn’t truly free that’s a pretty cheap drink. Especially when you can get free refills from the large. 
Yeah if you even see one movie a month, if a ticket is ~10 bucks you’ll make it back by the end of the year. 
Does AMC still charge for their membership though? Regal also gives free 2D movies as well but you wouldn’t need that since you have Moviepass 
I thought all Ti’s were 11 gb 
Damn lol I sold too early. Bought my 480 for like 220 and sold it for like 380. Bought a 1080 for 400
Def horseshit

https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/7zmw9l/comment/dupcmk5?st=JE01KNAT&sh=d5207f97
Sure it can be but it can also not be. 

Edit: Actually. I went back to the update where they announced it and you may be right. They showed them all having the same emblem so following the current trend this may be the way they're going to go. 

You say you saw the roadmap but you must've missed where it says under May "Seasonal Crucible Rankings" 
Sandbox update is in the end of March, so yes you made it up in your head. 
There's nothing to defend. They literally said the sandbox update is in March. Why do you keep expecting it any earlier than that? You're causing your own disappointment every TWAB.
Any group that says they're checking emblems I make sure not to join. I feel like they're going to be dicks all the way through. 
I find it hilarious how they put out a roadmap yet people still act surprised that the sandbox update isn't coming out sooner. 
Believe they're only from bright engrams. 
If you do a chargeback Microsoft will ban your account and you will lose access to your games until you pay them back. 
Lol for real. Did they have her suit on standby or something? 
Thanks to all of these posts I pretty much skipped all of the first time builders mistakes 
Yeah the main reason why I can’t get into Fortnite is because of the building. 
I guarantee one specific person changed their chest piece sometime throughout the raid. I had changed my chest and leg armor and whenever people didn’t spawn in only I changed back to what I started with and then they’d spawn in. 
I’ve been playing since pc release and I’m still missing sky burners and a Titan exotic because of duplicates. Sure I’ll get them in two weeks worth of fated engrams but I feel like it’s something more for when future exotics get released. 
Lol high level pvp players aren’t using rockets much as is. 
What comment do you need? It’s clear they’re going to address the issues people had with the weapons to make people use them in PvE before doing a drastic change like changing weapon slots. 
I guarantee you if they bring up the sniper/fusion/shotgun damage in PvE then people will start using them. 
Majority of players just used boons to make it 7 wins anyway though. 
They fixed this exact issue in D1 though. All they have to do is make a flawless set and then a regular set that you have a chance getting when completing challenges (bounties). Then make the challenges not require wins. 

Shit maybe even make it so only the flawless gear can have an ornament. 

Also give it and crucible armor a second wind type perk again. 
Ah okay. My bad! Haven’t had the Hollow earth drop yet. Have you tried it?
She looks so sad
One thing that bothered me is why didn’t he tell them that he’s the one that helped Klaue escape in the first place. 
Well at least you can watch Wally on Legends. 
Yeah lol they literally gave her the outfit that was left behind when Trajectory deconstructed. 
Love the DO auto on PC. Took it into a raid with the Titan auto rifle chest exotic and wrecked everything. HCR made everything flinch really quickly. 
You can’t really count number 1 against her. Who hasn’t done something against the advice of other people. 
I obliterated teams with a double Titan team. I used sentinel And the other used striker. 
Not many kids can say they got to defend an NBA player
> The end fight was disappointing which is something people complained about. 
Throughout her movie she was fighting humans so she’s expected to be stronger. The end fight was disappointing which is something people complained about. 
Yeah I know what you mean. I couldn't believe it. I think a 1050 was still like 2-300 bucks too.
Lmao happened to me too but luckily didn’t get noticed. 
> I can't really imagine what kind of disability makes KB+M easier to use than a controller,

Any disability where you can’t grip a controller.  

> but if that's really necessary, why not just play on PC directly ?

Maybe their friends are only on xbox? 
> When is it ever the fucking shooter's fault? 

When it’s a middle eastern person 
I haven’t seen the movie yet but I’m trying to understand your reasons. Are you saying that the black panther community have a bunch of racists in it? 
Holy crap. The dummy in the old car got demolished. 
Those videos are so entertaining. Especially the ones where the person screwing with them ends up getting into the scammers computer. 
Yup. This happened to me. Had to change my number. 
If someone wants to spend $520 on a 1060 they have one in the Huntington, NY Best Buy 
My gripe with the timer is that it kills the possibility of you 5 manning the rest of the encounter if someone went down. There’s not much room for hero moments where someone can take on multiple roles. Someone suggested that the timer would just make it so that person can’t be revived at all instead of wiping the team which I’d be fine with. 
I wouldn’t mind that change at all. My main issue with the timer the way it is now, is the fact that if someone dies then the other 5 have no chance to finish the fight which sucks. 
Yeah they really need to get rid of that stupid death timer. 
I hate playing the PS4 version now. Feels so much slower. 
It’s not the same but it is better than standard controller. I used to use it on PS4 but the set up was a hassle. 
If you’re going to use a derogatory term, you should at least spell it correctly. 
Wtf
You could just not do that combo if you didn’t want to stay mid-air. It was good for killing people jumping away from you. 
I was just commenting on him saying that Icarus was a bad perk. 
I was under the impression that people who like to jump a lot preferred Icarus in D1 especially after bloom. 
Exactly, and it'll have the added bonus of doing damaged for whatever element the weapon is instead of just solar. 
I paid 1000 for my Ti last month 
You should be able to get 90+ FPS in Destiny with a 1080 at max settings when in busy areas. 
TIL. not even going to bother with this gen then. 
It has 2 batteries inside if i'm not mistaken but yeah battery life has been amazing. It's on par with the Plus phones from what I've seen though. 
Yes. There is matchmaking when someone drops out. 
I’ve jumped off directly after I spawned with no damage taken and they got a point. 
I thought it was a sword made completely out of flames? 
Really not sure if you’re agreeing or not. 
It’s so it can be used as an escape. Also what’s the use of being invisible if someone can still snap on to you?
I kill invis hunters all day. Why do people think you NEED aim assist to get a kill? 
On the other side, I love when invis hunters stand there while getting shot 
They made it very clear to specify “at the time of this writing” 
I don't care about "security" personally. I only miss TouchID because I'd like to be able to unlock my phone without punching in the code while I'm in bed with my face smushed in the pillow
Why do they even have two email apps?
On one hand Blizzard only has to worry about PvP while Bungie has to balance for both PvE and PvP but on the other hand it has still been way too long just to get one weapon tuning update. 
Sold out
You can see the same type of reviews on the Apple site and two co-workers always have to get them replaced. Rather not have to replace headphones every 6 months. 
Really Tempted to upgrade for the hell of it but I feel like I should just wait for the next set of CPU's since my i5-7500 isn't that bad. 
They’re already reducing how many shots you get per brick based on weapon type so I wouldn’t be surprised if it gets dropped to 2 for Acrius. 
Of course they can be nerfed lol 
There are other weapons that are lightweight weapons but I don’t think any scouts have it. Mida is exotic enough for me though. 
I really hope they don’t nerf Acrius. It’s a good shotgun but not OP. There IS a range cap. I know because I’ve whiffed plenty of shots thinking I can snipe someone with it. It also has shit handling 
All they have to do to gain a bunch of space is split weapons/armor/other items again. No idea why they merged them all together. 
I only want to try it because I never did when it first released so I’m curious on how it tastes and don’t care enough to make it myself. 
It takes place directly after the first movie 
Damn it’s been 14 years
Ah okay. I wasn’t sure how much of an impact it had. 
What’s the purpose of this law?
Do you actually like hold it to your head while you're playing? 
Do they have anything like that for water? My dog always drinks too fast and ends up throwing it up. We try to just take the bowl away every couple sips but it'd be better if there was an easier way. 
https://imgur.com/a/CR8iF
My ears fit in them and I’m an adult. I don’t like on ear headphones either. 
I have the same setup but find the wire so annoying. I think I’m gonna get some USB adapter so I can just plug it in through the back of my PC to hopefully get the wires out of the way
After the match is over, you can press W I believe, to bring up the scoreboard where you can send a friend request. 
Doesn’t rampage allow you to do more damage as well?
And it’s ornament is called “reef in ruins”
Yeah I put it on my midnight coup. Looks dope 
When someone drops a bubble, majority of the time it’s on an objective. Sure in a mode where you only need to get kills you can wait it out but in a mode where you’re supposed to cap a point or defuse a bomb what are your options? Run in the bubble and get killed. 

You want the bubble invincible? Then remove the armor you get inside. No one should be invincible and the counter shouldn’t be “don’t engage” 

> What’s the counter to getting instantly killed by golden gun or warlock orb?

Since you have a suppressor nade you should be able to knock them out of it before they see you. Regardless those supers won’t zone anyone for too long while bubbles last a while. 
I mean if you want the bubble to be invincible then every other super needs to be invincible and that’s just not fun. There needs to be a counter. 
Yeah if you stay on it, it’ll kill you but if you jump off when you hear it breaking down you’ll be fine. You’ll just have to wait the few seconds. 
I don’t mind it in pvp but they shouldn’t break up teams for strikes at least. 
Before your next match you can press a button to bring up post game stats and add them from there .. 
Yeah basically like Overwatch. Anyone that accepts gets put in a group and everyone who doesn’t moves on to a new lobby. 
Isn’t armor just cosmetic now though?
True but you do get used to it 
Its for when your sparrow blows up. When it blows up I think there’s a ~5 sec cooldown before you can call another. Still pretty useless 
Lfg fireteams I’ve been in still fuck up in certain parts of the raid so I can only imagine how bad matchmaking would be but I’ll still make premade teams so it wouldn’t bother me if they added it. 
Until they added the kiosk, there was the same issues with vault space ..
I think they’re both equally ugly. 
I assume there answer at the time was “well worry about it later” lol
Timeworn spire is one of the best pulses right now lol 
Lol can’t really even blame you. The game doesn’t really tell you much especially when the story missions have you destroying the small blights. I’d be happy to let other guardians know if the in-game communication was better. 

Still need one?
RNG isn't earning anything. It's not like people could just horde tokens, they have to actually complete the raid this week. 
but someone could've got a raid carry and had it drop on their first run? 
I don't think you're wrong. While I did get most of the prestige set, I only ran the prestige raid once... but I almost have the entire set. 

Should be 1 armor piece and 1 weapon
impossible to solo queue? I Just solo queued about 7-8 games and won 6. and yes I went up against a few groups. 
I used to do this but then I started thinking that maybe these guys think that by destroying the little blights they're starting the heroic version. Now if they want to destroy the small blights I let them. I just sit and watch. 
Yeah I agree. Things would be so much easier if they just separated the balance
You do get a buff when your teammate dies. Your health refills and you get ability energy. Pretty sure you get increased weapon handling and movement speed for about 10-20 seconds as well. 
Yeah I think it gives ability energy and even refills your health bar. 
Thats when I pull my double skips out to annoy them. Same for the rift spamming warlocks. 
Then what about PvE? We'd be dying much quicker. 
This is how it starts lol we get more grenades and abilities and then people ask for nerfs. 
Well they're buffing mobility all around and making the actual stat itself become more noticeable so we'll see how that plays out. 

Mods 2.0 is supposed to be adding more to armor builds though so we'll see. I'd prefer if they just added perks again. 
Eh, I think the fact that he's selling raid gear at all is good enough. The least you can do is run the raid the gear is linked too. Buying the loot is supposed to be there just in case you don't get what you need during your run, not to take place of you actually running it multiple times. 
It does. He's selling the helmet this week and you need to complete EoW to be able to buy it. 
Every time I try to play in windowed borderless it’s unaligned with my monitor as if I’m using the wrong resolution 
Yeah it never felt as smooth as on PC. Was definitely better than a controller but didn’t feel good enough to me so I sold it. 
I honestly don’t use the bottom tree so I’m not sure exactly how long it takes or if it’s different from regular poison bomb cooldown. Wombo combo is pretty dead from what I’ve seen. Smokes don’t do as much damage as they did in D1
Yeah I probably would’ve had that much if I didn’t buy the eververse set for every character. No point in keep sparrows with 150 speed and a perk I won’t use or ghosts that drop weapon telemetries or the shaders I know I won’t ever use. 
I doubt they’d add weapons to eververse. If they did then that’ll essentially be pay to win. 
They should’ve had the ability to track back when they added kiosks in D1 but they didn’t, so don’t look forward to it. 
You can still throw an invis grenade. It’s just tied to the bottom tree 
I don’t mind the fact that they’re story missions it’s just annoying that I can’t use a sparrow and it feels long as hell. 
Only time I stood was when someone popped a vanguard gift. I usually don’t care for the gifts in crucible but I felt bad. 
Yeah I completely agree. I’m also hoping their mod system is good otherwise they need to just bring back random perks. 
I’m in one now but It’s a lot of hoops and rules to stay in. I’d prefer just playing with cool people and leaving it at that. Is there a healthy amount of people that still play on PC in your clan?
I'm not going to argue against adding more perks or anything to the game. I just think majority of people are looking back with rose tinted glasses. Pretty much all of the Vault of glass weapons were reskins as well as IB weapons.

So base game + TDB has these reskins - 
A.1F19X-Ryl (Vanilla) - Proxima Centauri II
Bad Seed Down (Vanilla) - Praydeths Timepiece - Three Little Words (TBD)
The Devil you know - The devil you dont - Fatebringer (added a flashlight) 
Epitaph 2261 (Vanilla) - Paydeths Revenge (only changed the tip of the barrel) - 
LIGHT/Beware (Vanilla) - Praetorian Foil - 
Unfriendly Giant (Vanilla) - One Way Ticket 000 (TBD)

I'm sure I'm missing some since these are what I can find from a quick google search but yeah Reskins have always been an issue with Destiny. It's probably more noticeable now since there's static perks. 





lol D1 had just as many reskins and guns that sounded the same, especially at the beginning. The action of every gun is to kill things so I don’t know what you mean by that. 
How exactly are they the same? 
Okay so let’s replace those two weapons. Nameless midnight, dire promise, mannannan, pleidies corrector, the number, annual skate, new city. 

Shit I even cleared a prestige raid with the guiding star auto rifle. 
Better devils, old fashioned, adjudicator, positive outlook, quick fang, time worn spire, autumn wind, darkest below, the hero’s burden, perfect paradox, play of the game, prosecutor, zenith of your kind, Atlanta-D, midnight coup, sins of the past. All of these are great weapons and I’m sure I’m missing some. 
xToastedBagelsx 
Dude I went up against some dude in trials that dismantled my team with a sniper. As soon as you peeked you were dead. 
I’m truly envious of people that can make friendships through video games. 
Used it to guide nightfall’s maybe 5-6 times successfully and as a seeker for nightfall’s a bunch of times with only 1 fail. 
It’s cool we all have opinions but If you want to simplify it then the lighthouse was just an empty outpost on Mercury with a single chest.

 There’s lore and mystery in the new place. I’m still curious about the nine, what they want and why are they hosting pvp matches for us. You could still explore the new place as well to some degree. 

The intro cutscene was cool I’ll give you that but In D1 I wasn’t excited to see the lighthouse. I was excited for the fact that I actually won 7 games in a row and now am getting flawless loot. 

If anything maybe the loot at every level is what takes some excitement out of it. 
There’s a purpose but people rather the easy kill with rockets. 
My thought process behind the level 10 thing was more that they’d have to sacrifice something for it but yeah you’re right, high level gear isn’t hard to come by after a while so I wouldn’t mind paying something for them. 
Never thought about it but yeah. All of those types of grenade launchers should just be energy weapons since they’re only used for CC with stun effects. 
While I enjoy the engrams And don’t want them removed I think a great compromise would be to 

-	make adept weapons that can only be earned through actual gameplay

-	making the clan engrams you get for the raid trials drop at power level 10.
The location itself isn’t the goal. It’s seeing the shit at the bottom of the vortex which I think looks really cool. 
As much as I’d love to see the carry shit and all it would do is increase the amount of account recoveries going on. 
sent request
Yeah True. I get what you mean. 
He wants one night stands which means he wants randoms every time. I mean at this point I’m not against full blown matchmaking I just find it dumb to be upset because bungie wants people to be friends. 

I get that guided games is a let down. 
Curious about your clan? I’m on pc 
Yeah one big problem is requiring you to be with clan mates to guide. 
How did it run for 5 hours? I had mine waiting for 45 min and it just timed out. 
I don’t know why it pisses you off. While you’re fine constantly searching for randoms some people rather just have a cool group of people to run shit with. 
Damn I can imagine that happening. RIP Ralph
Just because they’re competitors doesn’t mean they have to hate each other though. 

I’m not disputing that this is marketing though. 
I looked it up and from a video 2 months ago it didn’t auto reload after killing a skull but it still has an AoE so maybe with a Titan barrier it’s pretty good. 
I had no idea risk runner was nerfed. That’s just dumb. It was already a barely used weapon. 
It really does work. I hate going up against the sentinel titans with the overshield. 
I usually never take the plastic wrap off until it starts peeling by itself 
It’s at 941 now. Still ridiculously low considering PS4 is at 4K 
I didn’t change gear once during a raid and it kept happening to me but changing gear around did work in bringing me back in. 
You probably disliked it in D1 because it was the home to shotguns and sidearms. 
Every time I go back to PS4 from PC I forget about the exclusives. 
Played trials against a team that had a guy using a sniper. Dude wrecked the entire team. You peak for 1 second and you were dead. 
Im on my 4th clan on PC now. It sucks. 
True. I spent some Money on loot boxes when the season was wrapping up because there was specific stuff I wanted. Stopped when I wasn’t getting what I wanted. I know it’s RNG but it’s hard to spend money on something that’s no where close to being guaranteed. 


Use it behind cover
Hope you don’t mind but I sent a friend request on pc. 
Yeah I think he definitely can play another character it’s just that directors want Will Smith to be will smith a lot of times. Same with some other actors. 
I don't even really have friends that play much on PS4 anymore but matches are way quicker to find. 
Oh yeah I completely agree. You have no reason to get downvoted. I usually only use them in quickplay since there’s no SBMM. If I’m playing trials or competitive I always go with the Jesters.  
I love when you get someone low they run away and you see they’re gonna peek again then finish them off. 
I always feel so fucked up for laughing at this
I usually just read the numbers from right to left to see if it’s thousands or millions
It’s cool. I do think it takes a bit for it to free up if anything so maybe you tried to fast  
The fact that he brought up him having a wife and kid insinuates that he does think it’s lame. 
He changed it to all caps but it was exact. Ive also done the whole make a GT just to hold a name and it worked for me. 
Someone else must’ve taken it. My cousin took my old Xbox GT
Ah okay. Well I can’t argue with a buff 
In NY there are a bunch of different area codes 
You’re probably right. 
The example for linear fusions were bundled with a modifier that increased precision damage. So I’m sure there will be other things to enhance the experience. 
He said in another comment that it’ll only ever require quest exotics so Riskrunner, Sunshot, Void Pulse rifle (forgot its name)
If they do have a prestige during non load out weeks I assume it’ll just be harder enemies if anything BUT it does sound like there will only be normal mode and prestige is going to be loadout mode except for regular leviathan since it has a prestige mode 
I can tell he kind of wanted to hit her after a while lol
Even if he can end up walking again do you think he’d be able to run at a competitive level?
Still equally crazy too me lol I mean at least you’ll enjoy yourself but I couldn’t take that long of a trip one way. 
80 min drive for a movie? That’s crazy
I don’t mind It as long as it’s free like they have been. Once they say they’re apart of DLC is when people will have an issue. 
Kind of like life. You spend all these years living only to die in an instant sometimes. 
It'll probably take that long if you're not focused on getting them which during an event isn't the case. They reduced the amount of XP you need to level up. 

 1 Viable drop? They added in the fact that you can't get dupes so every drop is a viable drop. D1 had RNG loot boxes especially when it came to these cosmetic events? 

I'm also not upset, it seems you're the one thats upset. They reduced Eververses' role and made it so buying shit isn't the only path which is the major issue people had. 

If people want to be idiots and spend $100 for extra chances because they don't want to play more then I don't see an issue. It would be an issue if spending $100 was the ONLY way to get it. 
They said what they were changing they just didn't give exact values yet... 
If you don't have the time to commit then thats the persons fault if they want to buy boxes and play a slot machine. Bungie isn't encouraging anything. If they allowed you to purchase dust outright, you'd be complaining with the same argument. 

You also forget you're getting an engram every time you level up. Thats 9 easy engrams you get from leveling up and if people played the game to level up some more then they don't have to pay. 

People just won't be happy until Eververse is removed from the game but people need to come to their senses and realize that is NEVER going to happen. All they're going to do is reduce her role in getting items. If you don't like that then you might as well unsubscribe now. 
You think guns will get people coming back? I’m pretty sure the only thing that’s going to truly revitalize the game is the sandbox update. 
Might not be bad since you get health when your teammate dies. 
You should’ve forwarded your schedule to bungie so they could reschedule their Valentine’s Day event around it. 
I think the problem is that people think flanking just means going around the enemy but people forget the point of a flank is to pinch the enemy so they’re getting shot from two directions. 
How exactly? Even if you buy things to dismantle, it doesn’t matter what those items are since you just want the dust. Then you use said dust to buy exactly what you want. 
You did and I guess I see your point although I don’t think this dissuades aggressive plays. I’ve played against plenty of aggressive 4 stacks and got rolled with a 4 stack of my own. 
No because it’s always a coin flip. Even when you go against someone at the same amount of wins it’s still a coin flip whether you’re going against a team that can put up a fight. That’s just the way it is. I was able to go flawless reliably in D1 but I always felt like the system was based on luck. 

I don’t get what you mean about there being little to no skill gap? Good players still easily roll less talented teams. I’m not saying the game doesn’t have its problems but something about trials system needs to change. 
Still not buying anything via RNG though. So there’s no slot machine. 
Sure it’ll put a waypoint on you but if your teammate is shooting them from behind while they’re shooting you then they’ll still die since they’re distracted with you.
I mean if it’s only two of you why would you split up much? People team shot just as much in D1 doubles. 
It’s free
It’s even a bit better than Overwatch since you’ll get both the event and regular engram. 
You can get bright dust through gameplay and you can’t directly buy bright dust. 
Click the link. There's a sub section for all of their Classic Games. Bungie.net isn't the home of Bungies Halo series since there isn't even a Forum subsection for it..
https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/forums
>What if you had to pick up some ammo for the initial charge

then all issues would be fixed lol 
Yeah I agree it sucks but they have shown they pretty much only want to focus on D2. They even removed everything from D1 from the website which is dumb. The people that have started D2 should be able to access since the Farm is like the 2nd-3rd mission.


Lol I know. I was just joking saying it’s not completely useless. 
Pulse rifles seem pretty competitive on PS4 too in my opinion. I was crushing with them when I hopped on for a few IB matches after taking a break from PC IB. 
I get what you’re saying but they simply want to keep people who haven’t played their game out of their games’ forums which is reasonable to me. 

 It would be one thing if the requirement is to have Curse of Osiris but their requirement is to essentially at least play the trial version if you want to be among those who play the game. 
I mean They shouldn’t have but it’s Because those general discussions and off-topic are generally for people that play/have played the main game but want to talk about other games with people that like the same kind of games they do. 

Also, there’s nothing useful someone who merely read something can add other than being upset and saying bungie is shitty. 
It’s more like you shouldn’t be talking about something you haven’t even tried for 30 min. 
Since there’s no farm in D1 I’d assume so. They pretty much dropped D1 
Yeah it sounds like the off topic and gaming sections are meant for people that play bungies current game but want to talk about other games with likeminded people. 
Yeah this is something I see not being mentioned at all. There’s a reason why people rarely used a rocket without G&H in D1 ; people were too difficult to hit because of the movement speed. 
It looks like they’re going to do exactly that..
With increased movement speed people will be able to dodge rockets easier. So it’ll probably go like “shoot rocket, miss, get fusioned” 

There’s a reason why people didn’t really use rockets without G&H in D1
Drang requires Strum but not the other way around. Same with the mini tool. So it looks like the legendary will need the exotic but the exotic doesn’t need the legendary. 
It’s useable in the pvp game mode with the bombs so there’s that. 
Hm gonna look into that thanks! I had to settle for a modmic because of the 2.5mm jack
But then people would have power ammo all the time in pvp. I mean I guess that’s how you get more people to use snipers in pvp. 
That would pretty much ruin rockets in pve 
It’s almost as if some people like the weapon system the way it is now. 
Didn’t Datto test out snipers on Calus and you actually do more or equal damage if you land all crits? The problem is having to land all crits with the flinch. 
Maestro-46 is really good for pve since it has triple tap and I like either the trials sniper or the new monarchy sniper for pvp. 
What minor adjustments?
Ah okay. Well then it’s not so bad then. 
I’m assuming you have to airplay in from the phone? What people are talking about is asking for you to control it with Siri. 
Lol I had no idea Velcro was actually a brand. 
It always bothered me a little but not enough that its a big deal. 
I've been using it for about a month and it feels great. Very light and seems like its good quality. 
But trials now is basically flipping a coin hoping you get matched against someone worst then your team ... I just think they need to break it up by rank brackets like overwatch. Maybe if necessary reduce the 7 wins to 5 wins. I don't know but the current system still relies on luck. 
That’s why I specifically wanted to go EVGA even though I love the ASUS ROG GPU’s
Maybe money is tight? Or maybe she wanted the gift ASAP but they’re out of stock everywhere. I mean if it’s number two it seems dumb considering she was gonna hide them but it’s a possibility. 
AirPods sound quality is pretty comparable to the EarPods. Personally only thing that AirPods do better than the Bose is the ease of connecting, touch controls and the fact that you can use the left ear by itself. Sound quality is way better on the Bose and they fit comfortably in my opinion. 
Yea there were a good amount of pieces I said I would buy but had to get a certain amount of packages for but would get the drop in one of the packages. 
Right? Why are people acting as if its impossible for OP to have an Xbox already. Sure people generally get someone a game for the new system they bought but perhaps OP has been talking about this game. 
I use [this](https://www.amazon.com/Gigabyte-GC-WB867D-I-Bluetooth-Frequency-Expansion/dp/B00HF8K0O6) and it works wonderfully. It also has Bluetooth 
Fucking Jeff
That’s the only exotic I use with my Arcstrider. I find it great since you can essentially disorient the enemy twice. I also like to make sure I Jump after and usually have a SMG
Nah I’ve joined a game that ended while I was flying in and got rewards. 
It could at least reward the guys that don’t want to leave those blowout matches 
You’re right that looks pretty damn good. Looks like I’m getting a new band lol
Not sure man. I didn’t downvote but I’m sorry. Nonetheless I still appreciate your feedback since it’ll likely benefit me more to just get used to it in the long run. 
Thanks. Yeah it does seem like I should just get used to the different key bindings. It’s funny because I can type quickly without looking at the keyboard but it’s different when I’m playing a game. 
I’d rather the possibility of a better world regardless if I end up existing or not. 
You should take me under your wing. I can draw a mean stick figure. 
Damn. Kind of makes me sad I got the black one lol. That band looks dope 
Thanks man I’ll definitely just work on it.
Haha me too. I got it before I knew what it was. It dropped And  I said a rocket launcher.. cool I guess. The randoms that were doing the nightfall with me told me it’s a really good rocket launcher and I proceeded not to use it for a bit because it’s a rocket launcher and people are probably overreacting 
So the FPS game I mainly play is Destiny 2 and I just need a good button for the class ability. I have reload and melee on the two side mouse buttons. 

I’ve tried binding it to caps lock but there’s a good amount of times where I’d go to hit the caps lock button with my pinky but my ring finger goes up and hits Q which is what I have to activate the super. 

I’ve also tried assigning it to the middle mouse button but I’m using it now for PTT since I find it hard to maneuver while holding down a button on the keyboard to give call outs to teammates. 

What I’m using now is R but there’s times where I end up just hitting all of the buttons around it and it sucks when I need to use the ability in a pinch. 

Maybe R can work if I give it more time (it’s been a little over a week) but I thought maybe getting a mouse with more buttons would solve the issue better. 
I’ve tried but there’s a bunch of times where I fat finger other keys. Maybe Ill just need to get used to it. 
So what, them having a chest there would make it more exciting? The location itself wasn’t exciting, actually accomplishing the wins was the exciting part. 
Easiest way I found was toss a pulse and punch. They're gonna either die by the fist or the grenade. 
I feel really lucky to have got Time Worn Spire on my first package from the last set of tokens I had saved up. Hopefully you get it soon, I prefer it over the new Crucible pulse.
Tokens are fine if they were given alongside loot. The problem people have with tokens, IMO, is when they ONLY get tokens. There should still be drops at the end of a IB match along with tokens. Didn't get the drop you want? then turn in the tokens. I also prefer tokens since I can earn them on my hunter and use them on my warlock. 
gotta meet them goalsssss
He could just go for a 1080ti for about 1100 
because masterworks is something PvP and PvE players can get while EoW prestige is only for PvE players. 
I'd be fine with this as a compromise. 
So then you can simply Opt out chat at all. What people don't seem to understand is that there **WILL** be people who have no idea the setting to Opt in is in the game but there will always be people who will know there's a setting to Opt out. 

They could also, as others have stated, really advertise that public chat is a thing thats disabled by default in game. 
To be fair, voice was opt out in D1 and literally No one used it. Maybe more people would use it on PC but it'd probably be the same on Console.
Damn imagine if they canceled the second one before noticing he canceled the first already. 
Damn. I caved and bought mine for $1000. It made me feel better that I sold my 1080 to a miner for $800 so while I overpaid I only technically paid $200 which is pretty much on par to if everything was MSRP since I would’ve had to sell my 1080 for about $400. 

Nowinstock is hit or miss but it did show me some stuff in stock at bestbuy 
Yeah I’m willing to bet it’s the same guy but as you said it can go either way. 
Not updating it isn’t really going to do much to Apple though is it? All it does is slightly annoy users. I mean it’s not a big deal for me and they should make it easier to update your apps but it’s not like you’re sticking it to Apple by not updating it. 
Whoops meant PvE. My bad
Hey I personally use rockets usually. Was just saying shotguns aren’t terrible in ~~pvp~~ pve lol I have the prophecies sword as a MW but feel like swords have too little ammo in pve altogether 

Edit: meant PvE
Op is asking people to play the game mode the way it’s intended and it’s an event “casual” mode where there is an incentive to win. You playing like an idiot ruins the game for other people. If you’re okay with that then fine it’s no problem but you should at least acknowledge that you are ruining the game for others. 
Find me a clan that is still extremely active and I wouldn’t have to worry about playing with randoms. 

I’m also not talking about voice chat. Voice chat is fine the way it is, I’m talking about text chat. Regardless the same way you’re saying “if they expect it they’ll find it” then I can say if they don’t want to talk to anyone they can find the setting to turn it off. 

As I said before, having it opt out automatically eliminates the possibility of there being someone who doesn’t know you have to opt in. Shit they might think everyone is just quiet. Just because someone doesn’t know about a setting in a game doesn’t make them too stupid to play with either. 

Anyway we can agree to disagree. 
Same minded people? Oh boy. Damn me for wanting people to actually play control and hold the zones as Shaxx says. I mean if that’s how you have fun then go for it but don’t be upset when people leave because they aren’t having fun playing your way. 
Lol yeah I’d prefer using a regular shotgun but the slugs do a good amount of damage. At least when I used it a bit doing public events 
That’s definitely a nice change from D1 
> If you're implying people are too stupid to know there is an in-game chat, then really, do you want to be teaming up with that person in the first place?

Do we really have much of a choice of who we play with majority of the time? 

Having it be opt out removes the possibility that no one knows about it. People that don’t want it can turn it off. With opt in there’s people who don’t know about it mixed in with those who want it off. 
Shotguns are fine in PvE
Even if you’re playing solo? I only noticed it going up when I played in a fire team but maybe I’m just not paying attention. 
I’ve seen random teams cap A bit the thing is that the entire team needs to know to do it. If they’re all fucking around shooting at B then you’re fucked. 
I prefer to win especially when I’m required to win 25 of them to complete my ornaments. 
Need to get those 15 caps booiiii
Damn. I'm hoping I have no issues but I've been eyeing a new mouse though just because I want some extra buttons. 
Had my mouse for about a year and it’s still good so far
I doubt they’d add 1440p before 4K but they’re Nintendo so you never know. 
That’s true. I mean we’ll see how this sandbox update goes. They already said they’re open to changing the system so I think if people still don’t like it after some changes, they’ll change it back or to something similar. 
Completely agree. Hopefully it won’t be too bad with these changes though. 
That would kind of ruin the colony since it needs 2 to kill. 
I remember when they had one rocket per brick in the beta and people complained about it. 
I do think so personally. If they already go down quickly then they’d go down even quicker. I guess I see where you’re coming from but I still rather them tweak it and work on a bunch of other additions the game needs instead of spending majority of the time changing the weapon system. 
Ah okay. I confused your first point and thought you were talking about the actual headphone being wired vs wireless. 

I completely agree with everything else you said but audio quality isn’t really noticed by the majority from what I notice. I’ll be honest and say I don’t notice a difference with my wired/wireless headphones in terms of quality. I’m listening to music through Spotify’s high quality feature so I don’t know how high quality it is but of course any audiophile is going to want wired just for the quality. 
In doing that though they’d have to rework every encounter. Having snipers and rockets could make encounters too easy for example. It’s not impossible but id rather they try to fix what they have now before throwing it all away. 
I was a bit afraid when he started talking because it sounded like he was going to use a lot of filler words again like last time. 
> We’ve buffed several weapon archetypes (including, but not limited to, Hand Cannons, Pulse Rifles, Sniper Rifles, and Shotguns) and a few specific perks, as well.

While it’s not specifically saying damage, it’s also not saying damage so TTK can be getting reduced. 

Also people wanted to snipe/shotgun more so now they can especially if they reduce rockets to 1 per brick. 
People wanted to snipe and shotgun more and now they should be able too. Especially if they only give one rocker per brick 
I believe they’re not doing it because they rather tweak the system and address the issues people have with the weapons themselves before having to rewrite and retune everything. 
Damn. I thought I just didn’t know the combos and didn’t bother to look it up. 
I’ve seen some guys on pc just spam the dodge roll while basically rotating the character really quickly. I used it in trials and was able to get a good amount of kills with it though especially when you use the combo where he sends a arc wave out in front of him. 
At least you get insane magnetism with the melee attack. I’ve been completely over a Titan where he was able to shield bash me. 
I was thinking about how they should bring back universal remote too. 
The addition is the convenience of no wires though so there is a plus and for people that commute or work out, having no wires is a big deal. I use wired headphones for gaming on pc/PS4 and the wire is extremely annoying at home. 

I get the annoyance of the phones not coming with an adapter to charge/listen though. They really should’ve went all in and made it an easy transition when they removed the port. Including wired headphones in the box while saying wireless is the future is just dumb. 
I’m not asking for it to cater to anyone. I want it to be balanced. There should be minimal blowouts. The good players should play against other teams that have the same advantages as them. The “easy wins” aren’t being won based on pure skill so to feel entitled to that is kind of dumb. Quick play can be how it is now I’m mainly talking about Iron Banner and Competitive mode. 

People that are asking for groups to be matched with groups are having an issue with 4 stacks vs randoms. The people complaining about trials are a different set of people. I’m not asking for SBMM because I know what that is. I’m asking for people to have the same basic advantage. A solo player is taking a gamble every single game because they don’t know who they’re getting on their team. When everyone is taking that same gamble it’s less annoying. When you get stomped by a random group it’s less annoying because you know they’re playing with the same barriers. 

If you keep it the same all you end up with is people leaving when they even see a 4 stack which ruins the experience for the 4 stacks that don’t want easy wins and the other solo players who want to play the game. Adding in penalties is just going give those people more of a reason to not play the game. 

Sorry for the long post. 
Yeah mercy is another thing they need to fix. I’d be more likely to stay on a stomp if I knew I didn’t have to endure it for the entire ~8 min. 
Of course not all 4 stacks stomp because not all 4 stacks are comprised of the best players but it’s still the easiest way to win a match. You said it yourself. You don’t want to go against other 4 stacks because then you have a sweaty match so you’d rather a game where you don’t have to try as hard but can still win (against randoms ) except to the randoms the 4 stacks are the sweats.

It’s not impossible to win against a 4 stack but to do so you’d need competent teammates. It’s a crapshoot when you’re solo but when you 4 stack you know who you’re with majority of the time. 

I could try to get a lfg group but when I play is when my fiancee is asleep so I can’t use mic which is a big advantage in a 4 stack and a group likely won’t pick you up without using one. 

While I don’t know if they should completely make a new playlist they need to seriously prioritize matching groups with other groups. 
Oh boy. God forbid you don’t get to stomp. You’ll get to feel what those solo players are feeling. 
Close games like that are great but it doesn’t often end up like that. 
They offer different game modes that’s why. 
Yeah I usually play the game about half way. If it’s some absurd stomp I’m out. I can’t stand when people leave at the very start. 
If the team is getting completely stomped. I’m leaving. I don’t care about the 2 tokens. I play to have fun. Getting stomped by a 4 stack isn’t fun. 
Ah okay I get what you mean. Very true. 
Or they just don’t care about anyone else besides themselves.  
We’ll iPhones come with the dongle and I’m assuming the google phone does too? If you really didn’t want a dongle you can get a 2.5/3.5mm to lightning for iPhones. I get it’s an extra step but I don’t see Apple backpedaling. 
Then it should at least offer a auxiliary port in my opinion. 
Completely missed that. Thanks for the source. 
They guarantee a drop the first time you do it for the week. 
Majority of them are pretty easy to get though. I’ve only been keeping things that have nice perks AT LEAST. 
I think the problem is the fact that it doesn’t really feel like you’re fighting panoptes.  It feels like you’re just helping Osiris fight him. I mean I guess that’s what’s actually happening but it just doesn’t feel as rewarding. Osiris should be helping us not the other way around. You’re right that the other fights weren’t the greatest ever but this feels like the worst.
Lmao I never noticed. 
It’s saved my ass a few times when I’m too far for a melee, have no grenade and need to reload but I’m still getting shot at. I wouldn’t mind changes though. 
I agree. They can make pvp better without changing the weapon system. The game just needs to play faster in my opinion. 
I put a SSD in mine and didn’t add any more RAM (4 GB) and it’s still fast as hell now. 
A Mac should never have to bury its owner. 
You have to remember not a ton of people really read Reddit or gaming sites to know the bullshit. Also parents during Christmas. Then you have people who know but don’t care because it’s star wars. 
Very true 
The synergy is there with scatter too. Supposed to use the sonic arrow to see where they are and shoot the scatter in the small room they’re in. 
I love the people that will try to speed up then honk when you merge anyway. 
I personally prefer the precursor vex shader
Yeah definitely wasn't. Couldn't get past 3 wins unfortunately and 8/10 was either against a streamer team the other guys on my team knew. Very frustrating experience. 
I agree. Dude should’ve at least been dodging towards him. 
Is your game name same as Your Reddit name? Think I played against you this weekend. 
Good to know thanks
No issues on my end. 
Think he’s talking about the ornaments. He’s not wrong. It’s especially prevalent in the comp playlist. 
It says sources in the world. Has it been confirmed that it’s not including strikes?
Why do you want to buy the season pass for a game you don’t enjoy?
Tuning like what? They said all of the exotic reworks will come in Spring 2018 ... 
Tried playing yesterday and ran into the same really good streamer team like 3 times. 
I think that’s what makes it funnier. You expect the big rock guy to have a deep scary voice and then he talks lol
I liked the film but I think the jokes took away some of the gravity of the situation. 
Hey man, I like the strike. Just like I like wet grocery bags, crowded trains and being rammed by a shopping cart. 
>	the dialogue in that strike, particularly from the infamous Taeko-3, is bad. Hoo-boy is it bad.

Real talk 
It does. 
Sent you a friend request. 
I think that’d be an interesting way of bringing back random rolls. 
You can use Corsair Lapdog/Razer turret to make couch KB/M easier. Regardless not every single game is a PvP FPS where pinpoint accuracy is required. I mean if thats all you play then I get it but controller is fine for plenty of story games. If you search or wait for sales you can find one at good prices, especially around black friday and what not. 

I mean if people want a console then thats fine, I own them all myself but I can see the pros/cons to all platforms. If someone just wants an easy setup system then of course console is the way to go. Regardless of anything the main important factor on the best platform is wherever your friends are. 
Yeah probably. I'm in beta mode on the website so thats probably why I ended up getting it. 
That video does a really good job of hyping up the game.
You start to notice it when you start trying out other switches. I always used a membrane keyboard but once I felt a mechanical keyboard it just felt better to type on. Never tried memchanical though 
Yeah I think it’s a beta they’re rolling out slowly. 
Things aren’t ideal but it’s better then being physically tortured. 
You don’t sound like a good friend. 
To call consoles shit is really a stretch man. They run games fine. Sure not as well as better pc but they still run games fine, especially depending on the title. Try building a PC now that can play 4K/30 for less than $500. 
You can always buy a prebuilt that comes with OS + M/KB and it’ll connect to your tv with an HDMI cable. You can also just use a controller if you want. 
Not sure why’d you compare it to free games from steam since you don’t pay to access steam. I’d say it’s more comparable to Humble Bundle which does offer pretty good titles. Good thing about it too is that you can unsubscribe from the service if you don’t like what they’re offering without sacrificing your ability to play previous games or the ability to play multiplayer. 
Just because you don’t care about something doesn’t mean it’s not better. I can say I don’t care about resolution but that doesn’t change the fact that 4K provides a better picture than 720p 
> I just got myself a new Mouse an keyboard for 160€ Thats 5x the cost of Xbox Live Gold an the keyboard an mouse does not come with free games.

To be fair, you don’t NEED to spend 160 on a Mouse and Keyboard, you wanted too. You could just as easily spend 160 on a Xbox/PS4 controller if you also want all the bells and whistles. 
> I just got myself a new Mouse an keyboard for 160€
Thats 5x the cost of Xbox Live Gold an the keyboard an mouse does not come with free games.

To be fair, you don’t NEED to spend 160 on a Mouse and Keyboard, you wanted too. You could just as easily spend 160 on a Xbox/PS4 controller if you also want all the bells and whistles. 
The HUD thing was supposed to be there all along. It not showing up was a bug lol
I don’t even see the point in collecting the planetary armor sets if you’re never going to use them. I find majority of them ugly as hell so they’d literally be taking up space until D3. 

I just kept the mentality that I’ll keep things I know I’ll use. There’s a bunch of weapons I had just because I didn’t have them before even though it has shitty perks. 
If grenades get back to OHK level then they should have a long cooldown like we have now. Shouldn’t have a free kill every 30 seconds. 

It should either be short cooldown but average damage or long cooldown and high damage. 
They extended the range of the radar. So it does play a part. 
I feel like before they go changing the entire weapon system they need to tweak stuff like TTK and tweak snipers. Shit the only reason why rockets feel so strong is because movement speed is slower so you have less time to dodge it. In D1 you’d have to have G&H or Truth tracking because it was harder to get kills without those perks. 
Wait seriously? 
Playing against a team that is at their level is still working for it. I'm pretty sure Gold players in Overwatch find majority of their games fairly difficult. It's not like they're just cruising along. 

Are the really good players working for it when they play sub 1.0 teams? 
It's not a problem with tokens, its a problem with the rewards period. If they did it like D1 where they had a separate set that dropped at the end of losses then it'd be okay. They also should add in a random emblem also. Tokens are good because it guarantees you get something for your time especially if your RNG wasn't good. 
Coooooon ...
Cooon where are youuuuuu?

Well that sucks. Thanks for remembering me! 
And the way he pronounced “u” 
I see what causes them to become that way but instead of even considering that they could be the problem they blame literally everyone else. 
I feel like that happens whenever there are these big posts that mention the sub. Normal People go in and bring reason into it. 
It makes sense she had a crush on you man. You gave her a raincoat AND you were nice to her. She practically owed you sex. 
Sorry. Already found one. 
It could also just be a middle aged Jewish man that also goes by the name SkankHunt42
Thanks! They did upload a W2 for me but they said they were sending out hard copies as well so maybe I’ll wait and see if they’re actually sending a 1099. 
I always thought their data storage and computers were old because the agency was lacking lol
Haha, I used to keep mine in the case too but the Strix was too long and would get in the way. Now that I have the SC2 i'm going to see if it fits.
But even the ones at retailers are above MSRP ... 
I really thought it hit the crane and fell back down to OP
Hm maybe you’re right! 
Unrestricted at 1440p
I’m not, I just got lucky and bought/sold stuff at the perfect time. 

Got a RX 480 for $220 in late Feb. sold it in June (?) for Like $380 when ETH blew up. Found a used STRIX 1080 for $400. 

Sold that 1080 last week for $800 and bought an unopened 1080 Ti SC2 for $1000. It was hard to drop $1000 but I realistically only put down $200. 
Lol its okay I got my SC2 for $1000
Only time i've got 3 cores from what I notice is when I have 0 cores lol I wish they would just make it so dismantling gives you a specific amount of cores instead of a random amount. 
I really don't get why you're upset. You'd agree it was difficult right? Sounds like it, so I don't know why you're upset about it. I found it funny. 
The one thing I like about the division is the numbers they give. Lets you know how effective a specific perk/attachment is. 
>OP jumps up to praise them for 1 number,

I don't see it as praise, its just letting them know this is what they need to keep doing. 

>So IB will function like all the other vendors do and used to in the last game,

>Masterworks armor is a bandaid fix for people mad they’re locked into specific armor sets if they want a decent stat distribution. Raid mods are a bandaid for missing raid perks.

I don't get this complaint because of course it is, they even pretty much admitted to it being "band aid" fixes when they said they're looking to expand on the system in the future. 

>I would love to be positive too but superficial changes won’t bring me back to the game 

You don't need to be extra positive and want to start playing the game again to acknowledge that this update is still a step in the right direction. Sure they can fuck it up and fall back in line with their previous attitude but there's nothing wrong with people being happy that they're getting what they want. I don't get the mindset that you literally ALWAYS have to be salty. I get not jumping up and down in joy over it but the small nit-picks are just wow. 

Seems like even if they made TTK quicker, switched back to D1 weapon system and increased movement speed, people will still be salty about something they didn't add. 

>if they have ideas we want and need to hear them, and if they don’t, they need to address this now, because the amount of time that will be required of the development team will likely be quite long

Completely agree. 
Pretty sure the only IB that didn't have reskins were the Rise of Iron weapons. 
Then don't buy it when it comes up in rotation? 
I prefer what we got. A piece of armor that's only useful in one encounter is wasteful. No reason to use it for the remainder of the raid. 
I'm assuming they're still brainstorming on things or they want to try to address more important things. Masterworks are a step in the right direction and definitely need to be expanded on but with the addition of armor masteroworks I think they can move on to the next item on the list for now. 
I'm pretty sure that's always been like that. 