Tough call but I can understand it going either way. I'm sure RedBull losing both cars might have swayed them towards the no penalty. 
reprimand means warning but no penalty right?
You underestimate the power of crashstappen
You're thinking of sharks
Because they used to do shows about just history and barely anyone watched. So they were faced with a choice. Either change their programming to more reality based shows with a kind of history twist (like Pawn Stars) or close up shop. 
When Jo Bennett comes to check on how you are doing as acting manager.
You're making me spray!
Because that is how my mind works.
 Normally, I find Pam to be a comforting, if unarousing, presence around the office. Like a well-watered fern. But, today, she has tapped into this vengeful, violent side. And I'm like, wow... Pam has kind of a good butt
Oscar: Does anyone happen to know what 15% of 4300 is?

Michael: $645.

Kevin: Michael's a genius!
Wait. Wait, hold on. Where's the band? Cuz there's no way you guys are making this magic with just your mouths!
There is something about this guy that rubs me the wrong way. It seems that in the past year I have see a bunch of articles about him, a bunch of "awards" for being a savvy business man, multiple appearances on tv shows. It is like he just decided "I want to be famous" all of the sudden. So he figured he would buy a bunch of flashy cars, brand himself as a car guy, and get a bunch of media publications to write puff pieces about him. Like his entire persona is being crafted by a publicist just so be can be a "celebrity".

If you listen to how he presents his cars, he always does two things. First he tells you how much he paid for it (usually over a million dollars), then he tries to say what a "great investment" the car is. To me it comes off as braggy in the sense of look at me, look at how much money I can afford to spend on the car, rather than, just appreciating the beautiful machine for what it is. And the fact that he constantly uses the word investment when presenting his cars makes you wonder if he cares about the cars at all and if he just wants to flip them at a later date. You don't really hear true enthusiasts talk about their cars as investments. Rather they tend to have the attitude that they are "temporary custodians".



/r/OSHA 
I ate more fettuccine alfredo and drank less water than I ever have in my life.
It really bothered me that they couldn't quite agree on the rythm to chant and kept changing it. 
[Gotcha](https://i.redd.it/bskusl0rwmyx.jpg)
I know right? I mean how is that lame drummer supposed to compete with Ashton Kutcher lookalike Kevin Malone. He doesn't stand a chance.
Is that from Guardians of the Galaxy 1 or 2? Or is this from the upcoming Avengers Infinity war movie?
[Reminds me of this](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/fd/82/02/fd8202440bf47db6ea8ea180b92f9d66--steve-carell-michael-scott.jpg)
Coupe means fixed roof with 2 doors. But either way, no P1 was ever made with a retractable roof at all. 
["Mika's P1 is a coupe. There are only 11 of those in the world."](https://youtu.be/40oSH-ABYow?t=80)

They only made coupes. Literally every single one is a coupe. What the hell is that guy talking about?
[I haven't had so much fun since I saw Zooey Deschannel at the Catcherella Music Festival](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJes-2zflCg)
Explain that gram takes on a whole new meaning.
Just got back from Jamaica. Tan almost everywhere. Jan almost everywhere. Hee hee. Oh diary, what a week. I had sex with my boss.
I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of people found alternate sources or didn't watch because of how Australia was handled. I expect China will have better ratings now that their coverage is watchable.
[That's what she said](https://media1.tenor.com/images/9867b1fa3ac337972f761e313a177609/tenor.gif?itemid=4084628)
[Verstappen logic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZSoJDUD_bU)
DOTD: Seb's tires
WELL DONE BAHRAIN!
Hes making a big mistake wearing that around his waist like that. You want to wear that puppy right up on the breast bone.
And then his twin brother will come in and remodel the house into your dream home with the money you saved.


Ed Helms (Andy Bernard) had to leave to film the hangover movie which is why he was "on a boat for 3 months". Apparently the writers resented him leaving to film a movie and turned his character into shit to get back at him. 
Oh my god is this March Madness? I love March Madness!
[I have the worst fucking attorneys](https://img.wonkette.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/8bde8c2b2f958ce2b99d5d332deb73cf.gif)
That wouldn't make sense to replace a $400,000 car with a $2,500,000 car and have a gap in the lineup that goes from Hurucan (200K) straight to multimillion dollar hypercar with nothing in the middle. The Aventador replacement will stay in the 350K-500k range. 
It would be nice to see a flagship halo car above the Aventador. I know they had the Centenario, but that was really just a rebodied Aventador. It would be nice to see what Lamborghini is capable of when they really push the limits. Though I'm sure a lot of you would say is the last thing we need is another multimillion dollar limited run hypercar.
"From the studio that brought you '27 Dresses' and 'The Devil Wears Prada'"

Fucking gold!
rawr
Wait that safety driver was a woman?
I see they finally went to AutoZone and picked up a sweet new K&N filter. 

>Looks Ungood

So bad...
The F2003 completed a lap in a time of 1:01.2. To give some context, the Viper ACR set a production car record there with a time of  	1:26.54. That is absolutely insane!
Well that can be easily solved. Just bend your intern over and hammer spank their rear while telling them to learn to be more professional. 
Server time goes by where the server is located, not where the player is. You don't have to live on the west coast to play on a west coast server. 

Many MMORPGs let you pick your server. Dwight could have picked it because it was less populated than all the east coast ones. Or maybe someone he knew from his old Warcraft clan played on that server and that's why Dwight picked that one. 
That's ok man. Just take solace in the fact that you can always just head over to Blockbuster and pick up a movie to cheer you up.
Fun fact. The fantasy tab is just going to be a picture of Alonso winning his third WDC. 
>Siri is used on more than half a billion devices each month and processes two billion requests a week.

There are over one billion iOS devices out there. Less than half of them use Siri at all. And the average Siri user only uses Siri 4 times per week. That seems pretty terrible to me. 
Darryl is no stranger to strip clubs.

"I've got nothing against strip clubs, but I do have something against them at noon on a Monday. The day shift at a strip club? You can't unsee that."
It's **Hedley**
I know what you mean. She has a very exotic look to her. Which isn't surprising, given her father was a GI.
Jim: “How about you tell me what the hell a rundown is, then I’ll tell you what a two way petting zoo is.”
It’s pronounced Rimac. 
Well then what is the point of going to car shows if [I can't do this ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89hkmQKx9p4)?
This is probably my biggest gripe with Siri. Siri's "sassy" personality was cute for the first couple weeks it was introduced, but quickly became very annoying. I'm surprised Apple has stuck with it this long, though I suspect they do it because it makes their assistant stand out. I wish they at least offered the option of a software toggle that let people choose whether they want a "sassy" assistant, or one that just does what you ask without making a big deal out of things. 

Sadly I doubt they ever will. It is part of the reason I exclusively use Echo products to control my smart home. With Alexa if I ask it to turn on the lights or tv, I just get an "ok". With Siri I always get some stupid quip about how "my humble abode is now prepared for X". Just drives me nuts. 

This was really well done. Though I'm not going to lie, from the title, I was expecting a series of clips of Dave doing his trademark "bend over and laugh while striking the microphone against his knee" while CGI laser beams narrowly miss hitting his head.
I'll take "Cars that will never make it into production" for 800 Alex.

Also that thing looks terrible. Like first year art student concept car bad.
Not really. The pike is separated by long stretches of trees with gaps in them that allow emergency vehicles to turn around every mile or so. This is usually where state troopers hide to catch speeders. So everyone speeds until they come to that gap and they all slow down to the speed limit. Then speed back up once they pass that point. [Basically this scene from Ferris Bueller's Day Off](https://i.makeagif.com/media/5-31-2015/7_mmK-.gif) is a more accurate representation of driving on the NJ Turnpike. 
The first 10 seconds of the video
Jim's a chump. I would have done it for anything. I've done a lot more for a lot less. 
The blue airbrushing on the sides is going to age very poorly
Equally handsome. Equally smart.
Real car. Its the car Senna won the ‘93 Monaco Grand Prix in.
I feel like this quote should be stickied to the top of the front page since everyone seems to post it nearly every day.
Hennessy used to be shady, but claims to be a new man now. But he’s still shady. Still tons of complaints, not responding to warranty claims, taking months extra to finish projects. Basically all of the stuff thats been floating around the internet for decades. 
I hope to god it wont look like that.
That's nice, but I really wish they would actually make [some new XJ13s](https://www.supercars.net/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/1966-jaguar-xj13.jpg). It was arguably the most beautiful car Jaguar ever produced and it is a shame that it is limited to one prototype example.  
I've seen a picture like this posted a few times before on here. There are a few of these ladies that sit outside all day dressed in these costumes smoking cigars, that let tourists take pictures of them for money. 

Its basically the Cuban equivalent of those guys dressed like Elmo in Time's Square.
I bought the box set earlier in the year. My only gripe is that there are 9 seasons split across 38 discs. Its so annoying to have to constantly get up to change to the next DVD. I wish they put it on Bluray simply for the fact that they could fit the whole series on 3-4 discs.
That's a pretty tasteless example of black face. Besides they aren't even doing it right. [You gotta make the lips funny](https://youtu.be/-0L_oJMhcs0?t=86).
That's assuming they're playing to win.
Challenge

[The Aston Martin One-77](https://hips.hearstapps.com/amv-prod-cad-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/images/media/267456/2010-aston-martin-one-77-photo-263747-s-original.jpg) is pretty gorgeous. So long as you keep that rear wing down.
Oh a hundred percent.
Yeah it was [posted a year ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/5mi72k/incar_gopro_footage_of_a_ferrari_458_crashing/) and then [someone recreated the crash in Assetto Corsa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rk7H1osFqo) 
Looks like someone tried out that orange trick and it didn't go too well.
No Ford won't sue them. This car was donated and then sold with the proceeds going 100% to charity. John Cena sold his for personal financial gain which is a breach of contract. There is nothing saying that you can't use it to raise money for charity. To try and sue them would be just plain stupid. 
Unfortunately when people in the medical profession lose their medical license over something like this, skeptics just see it as "the big bad medical community" trying to suppress the truth. They take it as more evidence that that person was on to something and it's all one big cover up.
The host was David Lee. He has already said it wasn't his car, nor him driving. There were two red LaFerraris at the show. He owned one, this one doing donuts was owned by another guy.
"It takes a big man to admit his mistakes, and I am that big man."

I absolutely love that line. 

I believe it was inspired by [this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfw21fmsVC8) in the movie Fletch Lives with Chevy Chase. 
No duh, only an idiot would throw away their batteries. Everyone knows [you are supposed to throw them in the fire](https://us-east-1.tchyn.io/snopes-production/uploads/2016/08/1950s-battery-tips.jpg?w=364) to prevent soot from building up in your chimney. 
So are you bored with all super/hyper cars? Or are you not entertained by horrible slideshow videos with voice over that sounds like a computer trying to talk in broken English?
You probably should have waited until his finger was out of your ass before you told him.
Is it time to board the hype train yet?
Xerxes wasn't superstitious. But he was a little stitious.
It wasn't that he fell in. It was how long it took him to get out.
[Its from this scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zv7KGdJjK6A) when Pam has to wear her glasses to work and we find out Kevin's fetish for librarians.
These are due back thursday
The bat was CG according to the commentaries. Also Michael doing his monologues out front of corporate in NY were green screens as well. I think Toby's exploding head was a practical effect and not CGI though.

Edit: The soccer ball that Charles kicks into Phyllis' face is CG
I love how he says Sha-rute there
Actually if you stop cold turkey, you will feel like complete shit for about a week or two. If you can make it past that point where all of the gut bacteria that crave junk food are replaced by ones that crave healthy food you will feel much better and have a much easier time. 
If you listen to the commentary on the DVDs, Greg Daniels made it clear from the beginning that he did not want Jim and Dwight to become friends. He especially didn't want either of them to be the best man at the other's wedding. Which of course went out the window later in the series. But at least in the first few seasons he was adamant that they not become friends because that would play better for their dynamic. 
Don't forget his trusty side kick [Zwarte Piet](http://cfile21.uf.tistory.com/image/2509973D5160FC3A2696E5)
 (Black Peter)
[To look younger of course](http://images.buddytv.com/btv_2_505539240_0_350_10000_-1_/creed.jpg)
I just downloaded it to try it out. What a terrible app. I want to do Office trivia, yet every 5 questions they make you answer a wild card question and give you topics like "beginner Portuguese" or "world cup Brazil". I inevitably get those questions wrong and have to spend "gems" to move past them. They give you 100 starting gems, but you burn through those pretty quickly. Its clear that they throw in wild card questions to sell gems. So to continue answering questions about the topic I selected, I either need to keep paying them money or pray that I guess the right answer on the wild card questions. Complete waste of time, don't even bother downloading it.
Adapt, React, Re-Adapt, Apt
Behold, the ugliest Huayra in existence.
I nominate this as the new Doug Car
He's just waiting for his turn.
This car is probably stupid fast around a race track. Because aside from all out performance, there is no other credible excuse for why this car looks so terrible aesthetically.
"Which one?" -Geoffrey
[The average Bugatti owner has 84 cars.](https://www.autoblog.com/2014/10/05/average-bugatti-owner-84-cars-3-jets-1-yacht-report/) I think they can make due with their 83 other cars while their Chiron is in the shop.
The gloves aren't for changing tires. They are for using fix-a-flat. If they aren't going to provide a spare then they should at least provide the tire fix in the car. And if an owner has to use it, he likely won't want to get his hands dirty. The absurdity is that they chose white, knowing that it will get dirty and get that black goop all over them. Like Jay said "why didn't you make them black?".
I like how you think people are hating on an objectively terrible design choice because they want to hate this car. And I don't know if you know this but it is possible for someone to dislike the look of something without having some sort of nefarious agenda.

You are right that it is a shame that people are focusing so much on how it looks and not how it drives. But that isn't the fault of the audience. That is a fault of Honda to produce a design so polarizing that it completely overshadows any merits that the car may have. 
While they are similar looking, the [Type R](http://st.motortrend.com/uploads/sites/5/2017/04/2017-Honda-Civic-Type-R-rear-end.jpg) rear bumper is still a little different than the [Civic hatch](http://st.automobilemag.com/uploads/sites/11/2016/11/2017-Honda-Civic-Hatchback-Sport-Touring-rear-three-quarter-02.jpg). Specifically the cutout next to the fake vent and the fender flares. So either way Honda would need to produce two separate molds and have two separate production lines for those parts. And at that point even if they are similar looking, you aren't saving any money. 

I get what you are saying about how it sells so who cares what it looks like. But the fact of the matter is, this is a really well engineered driver's car. A car that the engineers who built it should be able to be proud of. But because the marketing people decided it needs to "look more aggressive" and that means adding an obnoxious wing and fake vents everywhere, many people have been turned off from this car. So now when you present the Type R, the first thing you have to do, like in this video, is start off by making excuses. And there is no reason that should happen. Pointing out horrible design choices is the only way a company will learn from their mistakes. Making excuses only ensures that those mistakes will continue to be repeated and ultimately can hurt the brand long term (see Acura and their horrible beak).


I guess, but this is supposed to be the top of the line performance variant. Not the base model they tart up to look kind of sporty. If anything the base model can be forgiven for using fake vents, you almost expect it. The Type-R has no excuse. Maybe on the front for aerodynamic reasons. But on the rear there is absolutely no reason to include them. 

The Type-R is actually a really good, fun, performance car. And everyone shits on it because of those god awful fake vents and over the top styling elements. 
"Everything they have thrown at this car is functional"

*Pans over to show the massive fake air vents all over the front and back of the car

Also I like how they wanted to show it off as this fun hooligan car and get that epic donut shot with the tires smoking. But its FWD so they had to do them in reverse.
I love how that guy was so proud of the white leather gloves owners can use when fixing their flat tire. And Jay just shits all over it like it was the dumbest thing he has ever seen in his life.
So now we can review cars without ever driving them? That's like a restaurant critic reviewing the food by looking at pictures on yelp. Or a movie critic reviewing a movie by watching a trailer. 
[I feel like you don't watch It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSiYrlIkJC0)
Pro tip for all you dog owners out there. If your dog does swallow apple seeds they can be toxic. Just have him/her smoke some cigarettes. The smoke will suffocate the bacteria in their stomach and save their life.

Edit: [Since a lot of people are taking this seriously and didn't get the reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSiYrlIkJC0)
I am really surprised/disappointed that BMW didn't fix that horrible rear end design flaw on the i8 [where it looks like it is pooping out a 911](https://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/aG9QN5K_700b.jpg). 
People give him shit because he says "for sure" after every sentence. So he switches to saying "yeah" after every sentence. Problem solved.


Dwight calls him Mike in the episode where he talks to Jan about trying to take Michael's job. Right after Michael tells Dwight he's the new manager.
I don't think she deserves any sympathy. By her own admission she doesn't bring anything of value to the company. And she is horribly mean and insensitive. There are a few times the audience is "supposed to feel sorry for her" but I don't feel they are justified.

The first is her break up. We know that Nellie is not a very nice person. Imagine being in a long term relationship with her. I can barely stand her for 2 seasons. I can't imagine living with her for ten years. We are supposed to feel sorry for her because her boyfriend broke up with her after years of dating. And it seemed like he even gave her their shared apartment, leaving a big chunk of his own money on the table just to get away from her. This guy wasn't abusive. He broke up with her because she is an awful human being and he decided to move on. This is life. Breakups happen. Being broken up with does not excuse you being horrible to others. Especially when your horrible personality and habits likely caused the relationship to fail.

The next is her shopping addiction. That is 100% her fault. No one is forcing her to spend money she doesn't have on things she doesn't need. It is probably part of the reason she couldn't afford to keep her flat in London and probably partially why her boyfriend left her. This isn't something sad, like becoming an alcaholic/drug addict after the death of a family member or something. She's just irresponsible.

The next is her trying to get her drivers license. We are supposed to feel sorry that no one was willing to help her learn to drive. Even Pam feels sorry for her and reluctantly offers to teach her using her own car. And what does Nellie do? She eats while she is driving, despite it being very dangerous (especially for a learner). She ignores Pam's instruction and her objections to some of the errors she is making while driving. She is inattentive behind the wheel putting Pam, herself, and other drivers at risk. And to top it off she crashes the car into the hedge when parking. And while it likely didn't do much damage, it showed that she had little respect for Pam's property by being careless with her park job. Despite Pam going out of her way to help Nellie when no one else would. 

Also we are supposed to feel bad because Andy is a jerk to Nellie after he gets his job back. And while I will agree Andy did turn into an asshole in the last seasons, his treatment towards Nellie was 100% justified. Nellie stole his job and almost ruined his life. She showed absolutely no mercy. Once Andy got his job back he wanted to fire her for being so terrible to him. Something which anyone else would want to do. Nellie does not deserve to keep working there after how she behaved and especially because she really doesn't add any value to the company. But because Toby said he can't fire her Andy's only choice is to make her want to quit. Again all of this is a result of her actions. Under any other circumstances Andy would not have treated her that way. She brought that on herself. 

Last is wanting to adopt a child. We are supposed to feel sorry for her because she wants to have a kid? Its not like she can't have one of her own due to medical reasons. She just can't get a husband that can get her pregnant because she is a terrible person. So she has to get one herself by adopting. And the adoption agency rejects her application and that makes her sad so we are supposed to feel sorry for her. Except they rejected her for some very good reasons. Talking with her for even a short while anyone can plainly see how dumb and incompetent she is. A credit check would likely show how massively in debt she is. Which shows she is irresponsible with money and could have a hard time providing for a child. And she is single with no family or friends in this country to fall back on if she needs help. She is the definition of an unfit parent. And despite being denied for obvious reasons and trying to better herself so she might be eligible to adopt in the future, she sulks like a child and then kidnaps a baby. Granted the baby was abandoned, but still she stole it after being declared unfit to adopt a child. 

Also something else to consider, when she was in charge of the Sabre store project, she used her position and influence to try to get two subordinates to have sex with her so they could get a promotion. The very thing Harvey Weinstein was publicly ridiculed for, and many brush it off as a joke. In addition to being dumb, incompetent, mean, and insensitive, she is also a sexual predator. She absolutely deserves all of the hate she receives and deserves no sympathy from the audience.
I just noticed this today and came on here to post about it when I saw yours. Embarrassingly it took me 9 watch thoughs to catch it. But I thats part of the fun of rewatching stuff.
At first i thought, oh, she has a new bra with padding. But then I thought, Pam doesn't need padding. It just didn't add up Jim.
I don't know, [Pam is pretty hot as it is](https://i.redd.it/3dayub1a9wrz.jpg)
Yeah that looks phenomenal. Like so obviously better I cant believe they didn't go with that. Great job on the photoshop!

It seems like Aston Martin's designers are throwing in styling elements that seem to be trendy among other car designers, even though those design elements look like shit. 

Like how on the Valkyrie and the DB11 they have that floating c-pillar that looks like shit because everyone else seems to be using it. And now on the Vantage they have the light bar that extends all the way across the rear of the car like Dodge and Bugatti seem to be doing. 


I completely agree. Those tail lights going all the way across the rear deck lid were a bad choice. Also the glossy black trim pieces around the car make it look like cheap plastic. And the interior looks like it was speced by a 70 year old man. Beige over beige is never a good look.

It has some potential if it is speced right but this certainly didn't help.
I mentioned it because I ordered it through the carrier not Apple and its shipping 2-3 weeks early, so there is a good chance you will get yours early too. 
I ordered mine a few days after the pre-order date. I was given a 12/7- 12/14 delivery window. I just checked my order status, and it is arriving tomorrow. So keep refreshing, it may come sooner. 

I ordered mine through AT&T app the day before launch day. 256GB space grey. for anyone wondering.
Either way you will never forget it.
"Hey siri take a selfie" . I have done that several times.
You can also ask Siri to open the camera, so 4.
I'm sure this design is very "form follows function" but, to me, this does not look good at all. The central driving position is cool, as is the gated shifter. But the interior and the exterior both look bland and boring. Like it's a 20 year old design. This thing will be a rocket and will be a blast to drive, make no mistake. 
First bit he talked about getting started in the industry including getting rejected from Car and Driver. Then he went on to talk about his cars and his love of 80s cars. Then they talked for a half hour about some build/dragrace competition thing he judged. Then the guy tried to find out what Jason would be doing since he left Motor Trend. Jason said he has 6 cars that need oil changes, so that. All in all pretty mediocre interview. Oh also he hates super cars, he likes 80s deathtraps, those are most exciting to him. 
Its good that they are listening to their audience. The American and Celebrity brain crash were so awful it really made it hard to enjoy the show for me. I have much higher hopes for season 2.
That’s actually not true that you can’t take it home. Many owners take them home and keep them in private collections. Some have even converted them for road use. There a a couple street legal FXXs, P1 GTRs, and Vulcans floating around. 

You can do whatever you want with these cars. They are just so complex, like an F1 car, that they require people who actually know what they are doing to operate them. Which is why many owners leave them with the manufacturer.
The people who buy these cars usually also have those as well. They don’t have to make a decision between this car or that car. They get both if they want both. Once you hit a certain level of wealth you don’t look at buying things the same way as someone living paycheck to paycheck.

That being said, there are reasons to buy this over a GT class race car and get the crew and race it. It is a hassle to do all that. You need to find a crew and manage them. You need to worry about bringing your car and crew and gear to each track you go to. Logistically its a pain in the ass. 

With these hyper track toy programs all of that is taken care of for you. The manufacturer reserves the track, they transport your car, and they have a dedicated crew that knows your car inside and out. They take care of any damage or maintence issues. They make sure you stay in a beautiful hotel near the track. You get to meet some of the best racing drivers to coach you and help you get better as a driver. You get telemetry analysis of your laps so you can learn where you have room to improve. And you get 5 star catering the whole time. It is a really nice program and it makes the customer feel special. 

On top of that you have a direct dialogue with executives and engineers from that manufacturer so you can influence future road and track car development. And you get first access to the newest racing technology before it trickles down to the lower racing classes. And as a member of these programs, which you cant join unless invited, you are usually placed on the list to get all of the new cars that come out. 

Not to mention, a FXX-K Evo is infinently cooler than a 488 GT3.
Why are people trying so hard to make the ‘new holy trinity’ thing happen. Just let it go and enjoy the cars that come out.
They said the BP23 was going to be a hyper luxury gt car, not a lap time monster, like the Valkyrie and Project 1. It’ll be closer to a Chiron than either of those two.
That’s a test mule. Manufacturers commonly put the new running gear in old bodies to disguise their true shape from spotters. 100% it will look absolutely nothing like that. 
I doubt it. This car has 4 seats. No company going for all out lap times would ever make it a 4 seater. This sounds like its going to be a luxury grand tourer. Like a bigger Continental GT or Wraith.
The Chiron is $2.5M-$3M, so maybe around $1M-$1.5M? 
[The roof actually can be removed on a One:1](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/WcH9rZQMbaM/maxresdefault.jpg). It just isn’t as simple as other Koenigseggs as it requires a tool to undo some bolts. Also you can’t store the roof in the front of the One:1 like you can in the other cars because of the aero elements in the front. 
Most exciting car of the year, on an empty circuit, and this guy still manages to put me to sleep. I don’t know why Porsche gave this guy exclusive access to review their car. 
He is clearly day dreaming about Weichai Power. [You can tell how much he loves it when he talks about it in the commercial he made for them.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjdYTzlfms0)
I'm curious as to what tires they used. I remember Bugatti making a big deal about developing special tires that can withstand really high speeds. And as far as I know the reason they haven't vmaxed the Chiron yet is because they don't know how the tires are going to hold up so they are doing more testing. 

But then how are modified cars like this able to hit almost 300? Is it because the driver is just "rolling the dice" and hoping the tires don't blow out? Or is it because these modified cars accelerate to those speeds much faster and spend less time at ,and getting to, those speeds?
So how exactly do you get kicked out of the Thermal Club? Because it looked like two exotic cars driving at a moderate pace around a completely empty track. If that "behavior" gets you kicked out of a race track club then they would run out of members almost immediately. 
Who is Justice Beaver?
[This video of a Honda made jet taking off was one of the funniest things I have seen in a while](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XM9cXN5Bsng)[20sec]
P12 is the BP23. P13 was the 570s line. P14 was the 720S. They are just internal naming codes for cars in development. 
Side impact regulations.
It doesn't happen in the series finale. It happens in the episode before the finale.... In the A.A.R.M. episode I mentioned in my post. 
It just didn't add up.
Yes but its easy for the church to get them back. All they have to do is translate the bible into emojis, have the priests dab during mass, and spread avocado on the communion wafers. Thats what kids like right? /s
I am well aware that laws differ in other countries. But this is a US Youtuber, filming a US spec car, in the US. Couple that with the fact that almost every Phantom/Mulsanne I have seen for sale in the states has this feature. This isn't a Euro spec only option.
Just because you can afford to buy something, doesn't mean you automatically become a subject matter expert. Even Alejandro admits that he has no idea what he is talking about. But go ahead, keep blindly parroting whatever he says like Farshad.
Well you'd be wrong. If you think that Ferrari wont sell every single one of these, regardless of price, you don't know the market. People will buy the car because of the badge and *because* it is more expensive. 

This is a status symbol. The people buying these cars don't cross shop to get the best deal. They want to newest, most expensive toy so they can show off to their other rich friends. It is the same reason the Bentayga, despite it looking like it was styled by a blind man, is selling out. Bentley literally can't make enough to satisfy all the demand. 

Also just a wild guess, you came to that "conclusion" after listening to a Salomondrin podcast. That clown has no idea what he is talking about when it comes to cars. 
It seems like every luxury car has a mini fridge and champagne flutes for the occupants to drink while they are being chauffeured around. But these are privately owned cars with no partition in them to separate the rear seat passengers from the driver. 

So how do these cars get around open container laws? I can't just "chauffeur my friends around town" and let them drink in the back without getting in serious trouble if I'm pulled over. So how do these cars get away with it?

Does the car have to be driven by a "professional driver"? Does the  owner have to apply for a special liquor license to be able to drink it the back of his car?  
I don't think it was. It looked like they actively tried to fit in as much cool stuff as they could. I think they were just filming in the middle of a week day and there weren't that many well dressed people walking around so they filmed what they could. 

Also...don't call me Shirley. 
"[There are certain cities where style doesn't matter. Places where how you dress or what you drive are immaterial. Miami is not such a city.](https://i.imgur.com/IEnxi0k.jpg)"
See ya later Hulk
car driver, legendary monster
I'd be curious to see if anything happens. Please post an update if you hear anything back from them.
Because sports cars and exotics are over rated. Everyone knows that Honda Insights are what the people want. Its basically the next 250 GTO. /s
[Michael Scott would disagree with you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQFbbbgjzds). Big Bird doesn't make the tough decisions.
That is exactly why they did it. I wasn't trying to imply that it gave them any performance advantage, hence the "/s".
Well no wonder the Koenigsegg was faster. It was covered in masking tape. Everyone knows tape/ stickers add +50HP. /s
"Last month, the Bugatti Chiron set the world record for going from 0 to 400 km/h (249 mph) and back to 0 km/h. The record time is 32.6 seconds and the car was driven by Former F1 driver, former NASCAR driver, and current IndyCar driver Juan Pablo Montoya."

[It was 41.96 seconds.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkkV1vLHUvQ) Big difference there. 
Does anyone know how they clear the gunk off the lens? Is it just a rotating plastic piece? Does someone control that manually? Or does it auto rotate every few seconds? I have always noticed that in on board shots but have never been able to find out what technique they use to clear debris off the camera. 
It doesn't sound like you care what the disadvantages are. It sounds like this is a shill post trying to *subtly* let people know that you get free shit when you reserve the car. 
*Cops arrive*

"He's still here!

*Bonk*

"Open and shut case Johnson. Sprinkle some crack on him and lets get out of here."
I don't think all electric is the right move for their whole fleet. If they want to make an electric Rapide or DBX suv then that's fine. But part of the draw of these sports cars is the sound. And unless you are going for silent luxury like an all electric Rolls Royce or absolute performance like that EP9 electric hyper car, then electric doesn't make sense at that level. 

The best way to go forward for these exotic car makers would be to build high reving NA engines coupled with hybrid systems. That way you get all the performance, with the benefits of electric torque fill, and still meet emissions standards. 
They are going to install a protective halo over all drain covers in 2018. 
[Here is how it sounds in action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kn_6cN2hWHg&t=189s)
[Here is how it sounds in action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kn_6cN2hWHg&t=189s)
I'm sure 700 HP through 2 driven wheels has something to do with the loss of traction. But the bumps do as well.
The track is really bumpy so the back wheels lift ever so slightly and the tires lose grip causing the rpms to spike. When it comes back down it regains traction and the rpms go back to normal.
To be fair, the 918 that set the Nurburgring lap record had the Weissach pack, which removed 80kg of those luxury items you just mentioned. Like the radio and AC. 

But saying that one car is worthless because another car that came out several years later is faster is a bit silly. So I do agree with you on that. 
Not digging the color scheme of this 918. It looks like something a 13 year old would spec in a Need for Speed video game. All its missing is the red underglow.
So Siri might actually be useful?
Pretty stark contrast to the time where Richard Hammond drove an F1 car on Top Gear. Though I have heard people say he played up the difficulty a little bit for the camera. I wonder how true that is.
My grandma went to buy a phone at Verizon and she told me that the sales girl literally would not hand her the phone she just bought until she bought a screen protector and a case. Because the sales rep "didn't feel comfortable letting her walk out of the store with an unprotected phone". And because my grandma was in her 70s and alone she felt pressured enough to buy $80 in accessories. These tactics are absolutely shameful. And they wonder why customers get mad.
It wouldn't have done him any good. Even if he had broken the screen the deductible on the insurance plan you tried to sell him is higher than the out of pocket cost of replacing the screen. Its really only worth it if you lose your phone/ it gets stolen.

Plus based on my experience dealing with carrier employees, I would only become irate when the salesman wouldn't stop trying to push a product that I clearly told them multiple times I didn't want. I'd wager that he got tired of pushy sales tactics. 
What point are you trying to make?
"With 661 horsepower and only 3,412 pounds of carbon fiber to move..."

The 488 has an all aluminum chassis and all aluminum body. The carbon fiber on the car comes from replacing certain bits for cosmetic reasons in an attempt for Ferrari to squeeze more money out of their customers. 
Brah, MT released a video on their YouTube channel stating the 1LE was in 5th place. Then they pulled it brah. Someone at MT fucked up brah.
[It isn't. The 1LE is in 5th place.](https://youtu.be/SNoquAXJyFY?t=258)

Edit: Looks like MT changed their mind after they filmed the video and pulled it. 
I guess no one watches The Office

What is this supposed to be? Some Jamaican zombie woman?
Because he has a wedding ring on?
McLaren said the BP23 won't be about setting lap times. It will be a "hyper GT". It'll compete more with the Bugatti Chiron in terms of offering incredible performance in a very confidence inspiring manner, while cocooning the driver in luxury.
The iPhone 8 is insurance. Its cheaper, more familiar, and is a safe bet. That phone is guaranteed to sell a shit load. It also probably has higher profit margins than the X. The X is a great phone but it is extremely expensive and is a radical departure from every other iPhone sold. Apple is hedging their bets and hoping most people will buy the X. If it sells well then the next iPhone will look more like the X than the 8. If it tanks and no one buys it, then no harm done. They still have the 8 selling hand over fist.
Debatable. Series 2 cars (like the one that crashed) have historically been worth less than series 1 cars. Series 1s are currently valued between 55 million and 65 million. A series 1 has been listed for sale for almost a year at 58 million. So arguably GTOs seem to be worth less than that in the marketplace. I peg this cars valuation at around 40 million. 
Don't worry captain we'll buff out those scratches.
There is one of you in every comment thread. This has to be the single most useless comment on this subreddit, yet every thread some idiot says the same exact thing. We know $1 million dollars is probably too much money for the car. But lets not forget, the person who is paying that much is A) extremely wealthy and B) already has a shit load of cars. If they are dropping $1 million on a $200k car they don't need to decide between car A or car B. They just buy both. 
Then we are still using adapters and that idea solves nothing. Also who decides what the standard port would be at the charging station? Wouldn't it just be easier for the hand full of manufacturers to agree to a standard port, rather than the tens of thousands of potential charging station owners?
I'm sure the guy who paid over a million dollars for a used 911R is feeling great about this announcement. 
The charging port for electric vehicles. I'm honestly surprised all of the manufacturers haven't gotten together and all just agreed to use one universal port.

Could you imagine going to a gas station and having to carry a bunch of adapters just you you could refuel your car? Yet this seems to be the norm with electric vehicles. 


I feel like Kimi complains should be the free square
Not really considering the Lamborghini Aventador has a top speed of 217 mph and they weren't shooting for TopSpeed goals either. They focused on acceleration and handling.  Top speed wasn't a priority. Same with the laFerrari. 
Exactly. Top speed is an after thought. They worry about the power train and getting it around a corner fast. And it just happens to go that fast. It isn't an impressive target that they are shooting for. It isn't something to brag about. The manufacturers don't care about it. So my point is, why when every one of these hyper cars get released, do they always throw the top speed in the title? Its meaningless. Focus on something else. No one will buy this car because it does 217 MPH.
I'm really excited to see this car and see it driving in anger. I'm sure the performance will be mind blowing. 

But these car publications need to stop touting top speed figures in their headlines. 217 MPH isn't really an impressive number anymore. Hell the XJ220 was putting up that number in 1992. 

The car has a 1,000+ HP F1 power train that revs to over 11,000 RPM and they put the top speed in the title. I guarantee Mercedes didn't even try to tweak the aero to get a higher top speed. The just built the car and it happens to go that fast. 

Edit: Funny how [Jalopnik just posted an article](http://jalopnik.com/mercedes-amgs-street-legal-f1-car-will-have-a-top-speed-1798694704) saying the exact same thing. I guess they are taking their content from /r/cars after all. 
[Money. Lots and lots of money](https://media.giphy.com/media/94EQmVHkveNck/giphy.gif)
I don't have the audio clip but I was able to find a transcript of the audio file. 

"zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz."
"Verstappen was forced out of the race at Spa when a sensor shut down the power unit after detecting increasing pressure inside the fourth cylinder."

The engine sensed the pressure building inside one of the cylinders and once it reached a critical limit, shut down the engine to prevent catastrophic failure. 

Sure they were able to restart the engine, but that doesn't mean that problem is magically gone all of the sudden. Even if Max were able to get the car going again, he would still have that same problem and either have the engine shut off again of have the engine blow up.
You're assuming an engine that shuts down on lap 13 can make it the full race distance without grenadeing. 
I'm sure the engineers who have to rebuild the car would love that too.
OP said aged well
Wait a McLaren had problems with the electrical system? What are the chances?
[This EB110 SS might have one of the ugliest interiors I have ever seen](http://joemacari.com/assets/store/cars-hires/EB%20110%20-%20B%20-%2014.jpg). Mostly because of the color though. I don't know why people spec red leather interiors.
Most horses are rear hoof drive, so they wear out their rear shoes faster than their fronts. So it works out.
He said the sheriff is near
*BONG*
Considering how the i8 turned out, I think its pretty safe to say it'll look really close to this.
[He had this listed for sale a while ago but I guess he took it off the market](http://www.superyachttimes.com/yacht-news/96m-feadship-superyacht-project-vertigo-for-sale/). This is probably one of my favorite yachts ever built. In the bow of the ship, [the deck will separate allowing a helicopter to land in the middle, fold down its blades, be lowered into the ship on a hydraulic platform, and be stored below deck in a helicopter garage](https://image.yachtcharterfleet.com/charter-FAITH/FAITH-16.jpg?image_id=419884&k=56f8&w=1200&h=779&q=75).  

It also has the coolest pool I have ever seen on a yacht. [The whole bottom of the pool is glass and the 3 sides of the stern of the boat fold down to form a massive beach club.](http://www.superyachttimes.com/default/assets/Image/Construction/2016-05-Vertigo/2016-05-Vertigo-30.jpg) Its amaing that you can actually swim down behind the bar and look through the glass wall and see the beach club below. 
All good. I figured it was just a typo. I couldn't resist though.
> I could see this in Jay Leon's collection

I love Jay Leon. Its a shame he quit the Today Show. He was hilarious. His new show Jay Leon's Shed is pretty good though.
[Album of the car](http://imgur.com/a/OwFLF). Anyone have any idea of what something like this might go for?
I meant that law enforcement has a database of identifying markers for convicts and people they are investigating.
Good thing there isn't a database of tattoos or he would be screwed.
Blame Canada
Depends on what you are trying to screen mirror. Is it family photos from a trip you took, or are you trying to play a game on the tv. An Apple tv will be the easiest bet. Chromecast can also work, but with more limited functionality. You could plug your iphone into your laptop and open quick time and do the whole screen record thing and then connect your latptop to the TV with an HDMI cable.
Did George Costanza give you that iPhone as a gift?
Thank you for the reply. I guess that bluff top does a good job of blocking the noise. 
I have a question unrelated to the car if you wouldn't mind answering. The house that Bugatti hosted the event at looked really cool. I looked it up online and it has some incredible ocean views. However, it looks like the PCH is between the back yard and the ocean. Did you notice a lot of road noise when you were at the house? I imagine it would be quite loud and distract from the beautiful views. 
FOREVVVERRRRR
Number one baby! Woo!
Giotto Bizzarrini was also the Chief Engineer at Ferrari during the 50's and worked on the 250 GTO
The Bugatti Veyron. I know that people love to hate on it, but it is arguably one of the most important cars of our time. It was an engineering masterpiece, with performance figures that left everyone scrambling to catch up. And most importantly it showed the world that people were willing to pay $1M+ for a car, leading to the flood of super expensive hyper cars we see and enjoy today.
[Well...technically you can polish a turd](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiJ9fy1qSFI)
Not a fan of that forged carbon. I'm sure its much cheaper to produce, but there is something about the look of it that doesn't sit right with me. Especially when they put it in the interior of the DB11. I hope this doesn't become a trend, because it is starting to look like it. 
[There is a good discussion about this topic on Ferrari Chat.](http://www.ferrarichat.com/forum/middle-east/454970-worth-exporting-uae.html)
I am really surprised their contracts allow them to ride motorcycles. Very cool though.
Except [this wasn't styled by Pinninfarina](http://www.roadandtrack.com/car-culture/car-design/news/a32659/ferrari-pininfarina-812-superfast/). The last car they designed was the F12 Berlinetta. Everything after that is all designed in house. 
I thought you were going to say you would go on with this big long winded speech. And then tell them to shove it up their butt.
Looks cool but that would only be useful in a google glass type application. No one wants to hold their phone up in front of their face wile walking for great distances. 
Do you have a link for that? Because this was a pretty big story last year and there was no followup story on any publication online. Nor can I find anything stating that an auction took place. Also there have been two Koenigsegg One:1s listed for sale last year and neither sold for the $5M asking price. 
How many pictures do you need of a cat walking across a fence? 
Doubtful. Vettel is a lock at Ferrari. No way he is going to turn down $46M per year to drive for his dream team in a competitive car. 
Gimme three steps
"Oh mercy me! I keep forgetting I'm in the colonies."
Drivers got tired of the Hank Hill jokes and stopped buying them.
Very cool but I think this is more of a cosmetic mod, than an actual performance one. Jay kept saying this saved 600 lbs but this guy was hesitant to give an actual weight figure. He said they saved close to that with a hellcat that they did but that included changing the brakes for a lighter system and removing the back seat. It seems like the full carbon body will only save 100-200 lbs over already light aluminum. Which is why Jay probably couldn't feel the difference. Its like adding a passenger.

I do see this being the future as costs come down and it becomes easier to repair. But 70k to change the look on 80k car for little to no performance advantage doesn't seem very worth it. This might make sense on a Ferrari 488 or a 911 Turbo. But not on a mustang. 
Kimi in the podium room looks like he waiting to see the dentist
Because this is a limited run collectors car that incorporated Ferrari's latest technology at the time. In the future this is something collectors will bid big money on at auctions. Where as the Wraith will depreciate like a stone. The black badge wraith might be collectible at some point. 
Or you could just click hide....
The Vulcan was a track only special that came out over a year ago. This Valkyrie project is a separate project in partnership with the red bull racing. In addition to building around 150 road cars there were also talks of building 25 track only Valkyries that would feature more aggressive aero but apparently not enough people are interested in the track only version so they may not build it. 
Its not track only. Its a road legal car. In the post they said visibility will be great so my guess is its just the lens they used.
I'm so excited to see this car. I heard that they were thinking about doing 25 track only variants of this with more aggressive aero but word is not enough people are putting down deposits so they might scrap that program.
Its almost like drivers are real people too. With feelings and emotions. Except Bottas of course. He's a robot. 
> Then you fucking quite teaching and do something else!

But if they do that, then you get students who go out into the world who don't know the difference between quit and quite.
"With all the money I have saved on clothes, I was able to buy this car"

Amazing
I wonder if he knows Dr. Crentist the dentist.
I'd say the bigger news is Tesla is finally allowing you to fold down the 2nd row of seats on the Model X, making it much more practical.
That was a nice commercial
-----Dailies-----

 Volvo XC90 T8 	 $ 85,000.00 

 Ferrari GTC4Lusso 	 $ 350,000.00 

-----Road Cars-----

 Aston Martin One-77 	 $ 3,000,000.00 

 Lamborghini Miura SV 	 $ 2,000,000.00 

 Ferrari F50 	 $ 3,200,000.00 

 Ferrari LaFerrari 	 $ 2,700,000.00 

 McLaren F1 	 $ 10,000,000.00 

 Bugatti Chiron 	 $ 3,500,000.00 

 Koenigsegg Regera 	 $ 2,000,000.00 

 Aston Martin Valkyrie 	 $ 3,000,000.00 

 Mercedes Benz Project One 	 $ 2,500,000.00 

 Mercedes Benz CLK GTR 	 $ 2,000,000.00 

 McLaren BP23 	 $ 3,000,000.00 

 Eagle Speedster 	 $ 800,000.00 

 Shelby Cobra 427 	 $ 1,500,000.00 

Porsche Carrera GT 	 $ 600,000.00 

 Lexus LFA NBRE 	 $ 600,000.00 

-----Track Cars-----

 Porsche 962 	 $ 1,100,000.00 

 Mazda 787B 	 $ 1,700,000.00 

 BAC Mono 	 $ 250,000.00 

 Dodge Viper ACR 	 $ 150,000.00 






------Total:  $ 44,035,000 


God help her when she gets to Native Fortress
I'll take unenforceable laws for 500 Alex.
They look pretty now. But just you wait until they move closer to shore and start hurling sharks at you.
I have never seen Kimi exhibit such raw emotion before. This seems so out of character for him. Then again Weichai is the drive of dreams so its easy to see why it would make Kimi so passionate.
That's a Nurburgring Edition too. There are only 50 of those in the world.
It was on YouTube, not LiveLeak so he was most likely going to live. 
Over 10,000 rpm
Are these calls expensive because they need to record and listen to the phone calls? Or does the prison staff do that and the phone company just charges a lot because they can?
I used to take my dog on rides all the time and he loved it. Think sticking your head out the window x10. Not sure what bag you are using but I used the [Muttmover](http://www.timbuk2.com/muttmover-dog-carrier-backpack/329.html) backpack and it was perfect for that purpose.
That makes sense if you are talking about an econobox. But when you are talking about a $300k super car there is absolutely no way they did that to "save money". If anything it would save a few dollars in materials so that doesn't make sense that they would cheap out on low volume high profit margin cars. 

Also the C1 Corvette has the exhaust running through the metal bumper with a heat shield around it and an air gap to that, not through the bodywork of the car. Google exhaust melting bumper/bodywork. Its a huge issue on performance/modded cars. That is why the gap exists. Thermal management in addition to aesthetics. 
I thought it was more of a heat issue. That way they can have the exhaust "tips" coming out of the body work which looks nice, but with an air gap to the real exhaust. Because if they connected the two the heat would cause the bodywork to warp and melt. 
Didn't expect to see fake exhaust tips on a Ferrari
802.11b
The original PSP supports up to wireless b. Your router most likely supports b, you just have to enable it. I googled the exact issue you described and there are dozens of forum posts and youtube videos walking you through how to get your old PSP to connect to your new router. Takes like 2 minutes. Just tried it with my old PSP I dug out from my closet and it works. 

Cellphone manufacturers will also build in backwards compatibility into their devices for many more years. But your argument about the headphone jack solving your issues on future devices is a little moot. Manufactures have been dropping the headphone jack en mass and with wireless charging becoming mainstream, I'd wager we are likely to see a portless phone in the next 3-5 years. 

If enough phones no longer support the blutooth standard that your car uses, I guarantee the after market will come up with some kind of blutooth converter box to solve that issue. 

Also one more point, Android auto and Apple car play are becoming much more popular and they work through USB not AUX, which is why many manufacturers would opt to only install USB ports and not AUX since most people would never use them. 
I'm glad we finally get to see Randy doing full reviews. Hope we get to see more of him going forward.
Where is this?
>New lexuses look worth than korean cat's to me.

You want to try that again?
Bad news 
A $30,000 markup on a $34,000 car is just insanity. 
[Bizzarrini 5300 GT Strada](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ef/Bizzarrini_5300GT_Strada_000_000_1964-1968_1966_frontright_2012-04-01_A_ji.jpg/1200px-Bizzarrini_5300GT_Strada_000_000_1964-1968_1966_frontright_2012-04-01_A_ji.jpg). Made by Giotto Bizzarrini, the guy responsible for the mechanicals of the Ferrari 250 GTO.
It sounded like she passed by them earlier and they wanted her to sign some autographs but she didn't and instead got in the car. So when she walked by after they booed her. 
[Soiled it](https://youtu.be/POCdbcPxNfc?t=3)
You're thinking of the one that was auctioned off a few years ago. But that was the worst example GTO of them all that had a horrific crash during a race and the driver was impaled by the gear lever and died. And it still sold for $38 million. These cars change hands almost always privately. One reportadely sold privately for $52 million in 2013 and that was a Series 2 like in the video. Talacrest is currently trying to sell a Series 1 for $55 million but its been listed for sale for over 6 months. It'll probably sell for around $50 million. The thing is each of these cars is different and has different history around them. And as many have been raced and crashed at some point, some are more original than others which can drastically effect the price. 
Oxygen water. Basically snake oil.
For what it's worth I'm sorry to see you go and I have really enjoyed your work. I hope we will get to see more of you going forward. If you do decide to stay in this line of work will you announce what you are going to do next and where we might be able to see you? Or is that an announcement for a later date?
The reason people are so worried about it is because companies have a long history of favoring profits over their workers. And regulation seems to favor major corporations and screw over the little guy. Like how Walmart can get away with not paying their workers a living wage and the tax payers end up picking up the slack in the form of food stamps and Medicaid. It is not a guarantee that bad things will happen due to advanced automation but it is looking extremely likely given the voting habits of congress and the past actions of corporations. It is also important that we create a sense of urgency about this because if we don't start addressing it now, regulation won't be able to keep pace with technology. I get that this is kind of annoying to hear about all the time when the consequences are so far down the road but we did the same thing with climate change. Scientists warned congress about the impact that we are having on our planet decades ago. And they are still dragging their feet, fighting any kind of regulations all to try to keep profit growth for businesses and all at the expense of our planet. You may be right, we may be overstating the impact that automation will have and maybe world leaders will step up and prevent it from ruining the economy. But based on the past actions of major corporations and politicians, I'd say we are more likely heading towards a dystopian future. 
This must be why they had Randy Pobst review the Volvo V90 Cross Country on Motortrend on Demand. It seems like they are going to try to phase Randy in which I am very ok with. It may just be an interim thing until they find a replacement for Jason, but I'm also hoping that he becomes a permanent fixture.
Sure they have an agreement with McLaren, but Honda isn't holding up their end by not supplying sufficient power units and the promised upgrades when they were supposed to. Their failings to engineer a quality engine has cause McLaren public embarrassment and the loss of serious money in the way of long term sponsors leaving. Since it is clear Honda can not meet the terms of the deal they agreed to, (providing a reliable and competitive power unit) the respectable thing to do would be to let McLaren out of its deal. Not hold them financially hostage because they don't know when to quit.
He created a positive impression of police officers, all while showing respect and professionalism and promoting safe driving habits. These are exactly the kind of things police officers should be doing. 
But it isn't impossible to predict. Throughout human history we have been looking for more efficient ways of doing work. From using animals, to machines, and now increasingly software. As technology progresses this software will get to the point where they will replace human workers. Because from a company stand point would you rather have an employee that requires a salary, benefits, vacation time, overtime and holiday pay, gets sick and misses work, has days where they are distracted or just plain don't care? Or would you rather pay for a machine that can work around the clock, with 100% efficiency?

Automation absolutely is coming, it has already started. The point I was trying to make is that OP posted this podcast to refute the idea that automation will take jobs and as a result that we have nothing to worry about. Not only is that categorically wrong, but they offered absolutely no evidence to back that up. They just sad, well we have always been advancing but we still have jobs, so we will keep advancing and we will all keep our jobs. Its a flawed logic that even one of the hosts of the podcast was skeptical about. 
I listened to this podcast and the gist of it seemed to be, while the world has been advancing, our lives have been relatively unchanged and they don't see it changing in the future. 

They give the example of a man falling asleep in 1870 and waking up 70 years later in 1940 and how the world he finds himself in is vastly different. Electricity, running water, cars, telephones, etc. Then they say if a guy falls asleep in 1940 and wakes up 70 years later, he wouldn't be blown away by the changes. Sure there are newer stuff and computers and smartphones, but there are still cars, electricity, running water, etc. 

Then they say productivity isnt going up (which it would be if machines are taking our jobs now) and the job market would be shrinking (which it isnt) so they conclude, we have nothing to worry about. 

Of course machines aren't stealing our jobs in mass right now. Of course computers aren't at the point yet where they can take jobs away from creative types en mass. That wasn't what was being debated. The fact is automation IS coming. It isn't here yet but it will be here sooner rather than later, and if we don't figure out a way to address it now, it could spell disaster for our economy and our way of life. 

I felt like this podcast addressed absolutely nothing in terms of the role automation will have on our society. They basically spent 20 minutes reviewing the way the world has changed so far and then just said, well it can't possibly change any more so don't worry.
When me president, they see. They see.
Are you saying sea world? Or see the world?
There were for a little while but they removed the limits.
That is true in some markets but not in all. For instance in the US you are looking at about a $45k price difference between the V12 and the V8 Lussos. When you are buying a $250k+ car, thats not a big deal, especially since most buyers will spec their car with $50k in options. But in other markets like China where they have taxes based on engine displacement, that gap between the V8 and the V12 Lusso can be in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. This car is for the Asian market mainly. 
Because when you twist the manettino to "ESC off" it doesn't stay there, it snaps back to whatever the highest driving mode is, which in this case is sport. If you also look closely there is a red led lit up under ESC off even though the manettino is set to sport. 
I have watched countless reviews on this car and read the Ferrari chat forums, and no one has mentioned the seats being uncomfortable in the slightest. Anyone have any idea why he would say that? I can't believe that Ferrari would put hard, uncomfortable seats in the one car that was designed to be daily driven. 
News has been primarily about entertainment for a long time now. Ratings/views> delivering unbiased news.The news used to be a federally required public service. Once networks realized they could also make money off it, everything went out the window and now we get [reporters canoeing through 3 inches of water while people casually walk by](https://i.imgur.com/hKxDCtb.mp4).
For what its worth, you can tow with sedans and small vehicles, not just SUVs and trucks. Many small cars in europe are advertised with 1,500-3,000lb towing capacities, but in North America the owner's manual (of those same exact cars) will tell you not to tow with those cars. 
I have a sneaking suspicion that this car might be supercharged. But it's so subtle its really hard to tell. 
Do you love the tashte of it? The shmell of it? The texture?
So you're telling me I might be able to get billionaire doors without being a billionaire?
More like:

If you're attractive 99% of lines will work.

If you're not attractive 1% of lines will work.
That is great in theory but there are many people around the world, especially politicians, who think that conserving the environment is a waste of tax payer money. They would rather cut regulations to allow businesses to grow. They couldn't care less is some species of fish dies out. They want short term job growth. That's all they care about. 

We have known for decades that we need to take steps to protect the environment, to ensure the survival of our species as well as our planet. Scientists have shown study after study to these people, only to have it brushed aside as the complaints of limp wristed tree huggers.

If you rephrase the argument in another way. A way that makes sense to them, i.e. the loss of billions of dollars annually as well as the loss of jobs, all the sudden you have those people's attention and they are more likely to try to work with you rather than against you. Studies like this might end up having the biggest impact on climate preservation.
A parent gave a car to their teenager under the condition that they take care of it/maintain good grades. Kid never washes the car. Parent makes them wash but in an inconvenient way that teaches them a lesson.
That's exactly why Tesla released this comparison. Because Model 3 preorders are cannibalizing Model S and X sales so much that it is causing Tesla to worry. 
Does he have the first? I thought he just got an allocation. 
Also how much it costs and where you can find out more of his thoughts.

They got rid of the headphone jack? I wonder if people will care if its gone.
Tell that to Honda
Doesn't matter how fast you are if you can't finish the race. Reliability/durability is just as important as outright speed.
The better business bureau is just Yelp for old people
who fell for the guy she initially didnt want to fall for...
You could always use the volume controls on the wheel like everyone does anyway. 
I think a new clutch on this is 30k to replace, so that might have something to do with it.
In America we prefer our automotive presenters to be clad head to toe in denim. 
Samsung makes literally everything. 
It wasn't expensive from the factory. 185k base IIRC. Used prices soared to over a million and then dropped back down and are now hovering around 500k. The reason it was so sought after was the NA 4.0 engine from the GT3RS. Manual gear box. And a setup that was tuned more toward being a pleasant driving road car, not all out lap times. This new GT3 with this touring pack basically ticks all those boxes. It isn't quite the same, as the 911r had a lot of sound deadening removed so you would feel more connected with the car. But it is close. The touring pack on the GT3 is by no means just a wing delete. And you can get it with a manual.
Used values will dip a bit but in the long run they will be a strong collector's item. Good news is if you wanted a 911r and don't want to pay 500k you can buy one of these.
[How I feel about this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVAaHMYHyUU)
Careful with that casual racism. The mods will get you.
They have also had a lot of turnover of staff working on that project. Usually that isn't a good indicator.
Alternately, lets invest in an emerging market that will allow us to remain competitive 10 years down the road. Not having to license tech from Google and Apple/ be at their mercy is a huge deal. 

Also from what I hear Ford's self driving tech is actually really good. Better than Apple's for sure. And maybe on par/better than Google's 

Now imagine if they beat them to market. Imagine if they have the first truly affordable self driving car. Or more likely the first self driving fleet that can be rented throughout the world. They are investing in the future. To stop investing in new technologies just so you can license them from someone else is a poor business decision. 
I'm sure there is some kind of performance clause in the contract that allows the team to swap him out for another driver if they aren't performing well enough. I don't think they can straight fire him but I'm sure they could just bench him.
I saw 6 reviews for the Ford GT pop up on my YouTube suggestions. I had more that double that amount pop up when they lifted the 720S review embargo. Either way there is no reason to not allow one of each review to be uploaded. It allows people that watched that particular review to comment on it and have a discussion. Putting them all into an unstructured mega thread only served to stifle conversation and user engagement. Which is exactly the opposite of what the mods were trying to accomplish.
And the GT was revealed over a year ago. I'm talking abut the review embargo that was lifted on the 720S last week. Its the exact same thing as what happened to the Ford GT. People were allowed to post and discuss reviews freely and I don't remember it being an issue. So why was it necessary for them to do this all of the sudden.
I know how an embargo works. I'm saying I don't remember the mods doing a mega thread type thing for the 720S launch. IIRC they just let people post the videos and it was a non issue. 
Did they do this when the 720S reviews were all released?
Wasn't the whole point of the selection process for owning the cars to make sure that people who bought the GT shared it with as many people as possible? They purposely picked people who drive their cars, take them to public events, and have a strong social media presence so that as many people could experience the car as possible. Also they said they were building 1,000 of them.
You can get the aluminum pieces [finished in a darker color if you want](http://www.designboom.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/pagani-huayra-bc-designboom-10-818x546.jpg).
How often does a new product drop? Is it really that bad to devote one day of discussion to something that the automotive industry has been waiting over a year to see? Also if you don't like seeing the content you can downvote it, click the hide button and it disappears, or set up reddit so once you downvote something it goes away. This mega thread seems to have stifled conversations. You shouldn't have to dig through the comments to find the section of videos you want to comment on. Honestly this is the no more videos thing they tried to do all over again. I get that the mods are trying to balance the content, but there are tons of people who have been waiting for reviews of this car and want to talk about it. Just let it happen. Also there are like 6 reviews on the thing. Even if they all made the front page, you still have 19 slots open for other content. 
The 488 doesn't really use a lot of carbon fiber. The majority of the carbon you see is mainly for aesthetics and you have to pay extra for various carbon packs. The chassis and body panels are aluminum. The 720S and the 675lt are closest to the GT as they both use carbon tubs. I know the LT uses a full carbon body, but I don't know if the 720S does. 
Pretty sure the last gen Ford GT never resold for anywhere close to 7 figures. MSRP was around 150k, now they go for around 300k. Maybe in the 400s if you have a barely driven gulf livery one.

This one is expensive because its made from exotic materials and is largely hand built by a company in Canada. I'm sure they are also charging a little more to try and recoup the R&D budget.
It's the 12th. Did they announce the results of their "experiment" yet?
Well for instance if you do an oil change, you could staple the receipts for the oil and filter to a piece of paper and write down the date and mileage that you performed the work and then stick that in a folder put in chronological order. 
I know the answer is probably in his book, but at the beginning of the interview they talked about how companies could save billions of dollars by shipping product in spheres instead of boxes. But they just kind of glossed over that claim. Any idea how that would work and if it saves so much money, why don't companies do that?
Solar roads was done by some random indiegogo startup. And any time something has to do with the transportation sector there is a lot of regulation involved. Tesla (previously SolarCity) is one of the biggest solar companies in the US with a somewhat cult like following. So I think its a safe bet you will get your solar roof. 
That Grey Poupon bit at the end was great. To anyone who hasn't seen it, [here is the reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsFPELTi4g8).
They actually aren't that dangerous. They are really just [annoying evangelists](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/jehovah-witness-hippo.jpg).
Because then the car is just sitting there. And in his words, the car was meant to be driven. It is completely understandable that an owner would not want to devalue an asset worth well over a million dollars, which is why so many of these cars sit in garages, never to be driven. 

My point is that is completely understandable. But if you are also going to do that, don't then turn around an belittle others who do the exact same thing. 
I think the phrase you are looking for is "ahead of its time".
Yea that Z28 was sick
He brings up in the video how these cars are meant to be driven and its a shame when owners don't drive them. And he talked about how he met a guy on a rally who only drove it because he lived near by to a stopping point.

 But he also clearly mentioned that the reason they drive this one so many miles is because it doesn't have the original paint or engine and that they have two of them at home. So its a little hypocritical that he has a totally original one sitting at home that they don't drive because it would tank the value, while he rags on other owners for doing the exact same thing. 
Looks good. Though I would also like to see the full car, rather than just one head light at a time. I guess that is less artsy though.
I thought it was because OP's mom wouldn't stop licking the letters.
Did he ever say why he went back to Motortrend the first time?
Wait didn't he just come back from leaving before? He's leaving again now?
Didn't Clarkson say he would rather have the V6 too because the V8 was just too much and too in your face all the time? I feel like the V6 strikes the perfect balance and fits in with the whole, fun, lightweight sports car.
There are places in hurricane prone areas that are basically car vaults. They are big windowless buildings designed to withstand hurricanes that wealthy people pay to store their cars in during a storm. I imagine this building is designed to stand up to hurricanes too. 
I have watched the show 5 or 6 times now and it still gets me.
Didn't she buy that super expensive cat with the money she got from selling Andy's engagement ring?
The alternative is they either keep things how they are and people buy them anyways because they are cheap and customers are ignorant. Or they destroy manufacturer's revenue streams and people stop making Android phones and google loses a ton of market share/money from the loss of people using their services. The best thing they can do is make the Pixel phone line so compelling that people buy that instead of Galaxy/HTC/Sony phones and just buy Google's hardware.
No, infact in every review of the car, the first thing the presenter addresses is how ugly the thing looks. When you get close up and look at the details they can be very beautiful. But the overall shape of the car is not very good looking. 
I literally just subbed today, their little ad they put out this morning pushed me over the edge to try it out. Worst case I have 30 days to try it out for free. 
Wouldn't that deincentivize a lot of manufacturers from using android though? Margins on android phones are already so thin that the way they make money is by getting people to use their own services or selling preinstalled apps on their devices. If you take that away manufacturers wouldn't be able to survive and Samsung would just pull the trigger on their Tizen OS and google would lose a massive amount of market share. 
I'll save you some time and post the conclusion. 8 people don't like videos. The rest do. So videos are staying. And you can now filter videos from showing up in your feed so we don't need to listen to those 8 people constantly bitching any more.
Live racing series? And not having to wait a month because you're impatient? Also its nice to support content producers that you like. Without financial support they can't make the content. Also people pay $5-$10/month just to watch some dude play league of legends, so paying that for good content plus racing streaming isnt that outlandish.
Apparently the white seats are the easiest to clean. I have watched a bunch of videos online of the seats stained blue from jeans and you can just wipe it off with a wet rag. 
Or the fact that the battery overheats on a track/after a couple launches and goes into limp mode. Or that Tesla reduces the power output permanently if you launch it too many times to protect the drive train.
That just goes to show how much profit they make off internet. Internet is almost all profit for them.
[You know that's right](https://68.media.tumblr.com/82f3c668cbe63141dcd0fb78435bd1a8/tumblr_mlvqtxfKQI1rfkuino1_250.gif)
Your mom
So many JD Power Bottom Awards
I'm 99% sure he has a Jaguar F-type. A guy with the same user name on youtube commented on one of Solomondrin's videos the other day offering to lend his car to them to review. 
Didn't he say he bought a dodge Viper in the post? Third paragraph. Says its his dream car and hes wanted to buy it for a while?
I'm not sure you thought that purchase through. You're driving a new Chevy. They are so nice now a days people automatically assume you are driving an $80,000 Audi or BMW.
Teslas don't. They have motors not engines.
One is unexpectedly showing up and forcing their way into your home to make sure you are living by the life values that they dictate or you will lose your lively hood, the other is a speaker that plays Spotify and tells you what a Whopper is. Basically the same thing.
The perfect number of cars for an enthusiast is N+1. Where N is the number of cars you have now.
The truth is they don't care if its safe or not. The Demon is the hottest thing currently in the car world. By saying that they think its dangerous and should be banned it creates a big controversy and leads to page views. I have never heard of auto news before and would likely never read it. Because of their sensationalist headline, I now know who they are. The point is don't feed into this obvious ploy to get page views and funnel traffic to their site. 
I went out to eat at hibachi with my family. I think I was 10 or 11 at the time. In addition to giving us sauce trays to dip our food into, they also gave us shaved ginger and a dollop of wasabi. My grandpa grew up during the great depression so he developed a habit of always cleaning his plate. So as he finished his meal he moved his attention to the side dish. No one else seemed to notice my grandpa staring quizzically at this rather large green lump. Not wanting to waste food he picked the entire thing up to eat it. I could have clearly stopped him as I had been watching him the entire time but I also wanted to see what would happen. Well he about jumped out of his seat spitting the wasabi onto the table and started cursing up a storm. I know it was wrong to do but I still get a little kick out of that memory.
Well thanks to Tesla's notorious build quality, the speaker grills will most likely fall off in the event of an accident so no prying needed.
Getting 80% of the way through Battlefield 4 only to have it crash and wipe all saved progress, making me start all over. Fuck you EA
"Its more like giving a hit man a gun with no bullets. Except I have enough money to buy bullets" Awesome
I didn't find it that weird. In fact I know that there is no fixing in F1 because there is absolutely no way in hell Ferrari would fix it to where they lose the championship 8 years in a row.
It is absolutely astounding how many people don't know the difference between they're, there, and their.
Its hard to overtake when you are always in the lead -Sebastian Vettel  
Thanks so much for your great answer. I guess a follow up question would be, if people usually repaint the plane and change the interior when they buy it why spend 10-15 million extra for a newer plane? Do people prefer them because there is less wear and tear and maintenance will be cheaper? Or do they just like the idea of having a newer plane?
Yea it doesn't really make any practical sense, especially given the price, other than to say "I have a flying car"
The issue with all of those flying cars is the way they fly. The ones that use huge turbofans or propellers to lift the car vertically then move to a horizontal flight mode require heavy, expensive engines that also consume a tremendous amount of energy. This is basically a propeller plane with retractable wings. You don need any fancy lift motors, or complex software to keep the craft balanced, it just flies like a normal prop plane. It looks really promising.
[we are close](http://www.businessinsider.com/aeromobil-1-million-flying-car-deliveries-begin-2020-2017-4)
It happened a long time ago, he was just telling the story in the video.
What is the deal with taxes on this money? Does Billy need to pay income taxes on it, or is it taxed differently since its a charitable donation to help with his disability?
I thought it was Mark and Ray
I feel like if Apple was going to put touch ID on the back, why not make the Apple logo the fingerprint reader? Its there already and wouldn't make the phone look too busy.
Sirens was surprisingly good, its a shame they cancelled it after 2 seasons. Better Off Ted was also great.
Guten prank number 3
Whats the deal with importing these to the US? Are they legal in the US, or can they be made to comply with emissions regulations? Or do you need to bring them in under show and display?
So you're saying your angel was a centerfold?
Yea they are called leader bikes because when you ride them you are always in the lead, right?
What do you mean "we gave you Senna"? So you were personally there when Senna was born and collectively you and the rest of Brazil collectively molded him into a good racing driver? You spent countless hours in the cart with him teaching him racing techniques? Give me a break. A good racing driver happened to be born in the same geographical region as where you were born. National pride is such a joke. It would be like me taking credit, as a US citizen, for landing men on the moon. That happened 30 years before I was born and I had nothing even remotely close to do with that. Senna was a great driver that happened to be born in Brazil, that is where the similarities between him and you end. Don't try to take credit for his personal achievements. I haven't seen this racism that is being brushed under the carpet and I read Max's statement and I don't really see it as all that offensive. But I think hundreds of people spamming his social media pages with hate speech is not a fair reaction. That is why people are upset and that is most likely why you are being down voted.
Isn't it not a good idea to take really young puppies out in public because they can get sick easily and die?
If you register your organization as a non profit, then your organization will get the proper tax breaks. That doesn't mean you as an individual get out of paying taxes
Like anything, look at the comps. The market dictates what something is worth. Try to give a realistic assessment of the shape your car is in, then look around at past auction results or current listings that are most similar to your car. That should give you a good idea where to start. Just keep in mind, just because a bunch of people price their car high online, doesn't mean it sells for that. Also [Hagerty](https://www.hagerty.com/apps/valuationtools/1987-chevrolet-camaro) has a great online tool for looking up the value of your car. You can only do it for free 5 times, so if you run out of free uses, open the page in incognito mode in Chrome.
Yea but Small Business Owner says Chili's is the new golf course so no wonder its still around. 
Do black women lactate chocolate milk? The teacher left the room laughing.
Regera will be a lot faster and more agile. Chiron will be more solid and easier to drive. Both will get you thrown in jail and scare the shit out of you on a public road. Neither are really suited to race tracks.
That's odd. The plans clearly called for no cardboard or cardboard derivatives.
Thankfully they towed it out of the environment before someone got hurt.
I thought this was going to go a totally different way. A white guy approaching a black guy with a banana usually doesn't end in a surprising delight.
In a garage. No moisture leaks, no mouse nests. Just a normal garage
He meant driving performance. Like acceleration and driving dynamics. 
Manual faucets are cheap and simple to install usually letting the home owner install them. Electronic faucets are 3-4x more expensive and are much more difficult to install. Plus on the home depot website it looks like they sell around 100 different touchless faucets, the majority of which have 1-2 star ratings. Also almost everyone who has encountered touchless faucets has felt the frustration of it not turning on or turning off before you're done using it. People don't want that experience in their own home.
Lifting. You pick things up then put them back down. Then when the thing you're lifting feels light, lift something heavier. Until you can lift your date.
500 km/h is 310 mph. They are estimating the current tires it should hit 283 mph. They are still testing though so its not impossible that it hits 500 km/h. And if not this then the Chiron SS will.
Then that is an exception. But if you go into the majority of ask reddit threads when they first start out they usually get like 6-10 replies, usually answering the question OP asked. But because none of them upvote the post it doesn't go anywhere. And because askreddit posts are constantly being made your thread dies. Its not hard to click the upvote button if you like something. Downvote if you don't think its worth anyone seeing. Or not voting if you're neutral. But if someone asks a question and you respond with a genuine answer, there is no reason not to upvote the question.
We think you're going to love it
I thought the DB11 was the Bentayga too. I didn't expect it to sound like that. I also mixed up the Rolls and the B7 Alpina because I never really heard them rev before.
Pffff hundred to one
You accused me of being a sexist because in the third season the main character of the show was changed in such a way that it made me virtually unable to finish watching the show. A show that I absolutely loved in seasons 1 and 2. Id call that a pretty major issue. Also gender has absolutely nothing to do with this. Reverse the gender roles and I would still find someone who acts like Frankie just as intolerable. And while Sol does act like a jackass some times, you can see where he is coming from and it usually is done in a way that drives story development. Like how he got in a fight with the biggot outside of Roberts play and that set off a chain reaction of ruining Robert's opening night. And when he confronted Sol about it Sol had a very reasonable response. "The only way for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing". He was absolutely justified in his reaction which Robert realized. Now lets take Frankie with the gun. Grace lies to her about having a gun and Frankie freaks out. She gets mad at Grace and shuts her out of her life, ignores her, plugs her ears and stamps around like a child and literally locks Grace out of her house. And why? Did she have some traumatic childhood event that made her deathly afraid of guns? No she just doesn't like them. So she behaves like a toddler, throws a literal temper tantrum, and imposes herself on Bud. Meanwhile she ruins her son's romantic evening with his girlfriend, even though he offers to get her a hotel, she still has to be forced to leave. Frankie went from being quirky but thoughtful and caring to being selfish and immature 100% of the time in season three. It is a very clear change in her character. If you can not see that you are blind. And the fact that you are focusing only on gender to defend this person is sexist in its self. YOU are being sexist. YOU are ignoring glaring character flaws solely based on gender. That kind of logic might fly over at your subreddit /r/HillaryForPrison but if you keep that narrow minded attitude you are going to have a very difficult time in the real world. I suggest you read the other responses in the thread to learn how to disagree with someone like an adult. Saying that you want to slap someone for having a well thought out opinion that differs from yours shows that you lack maturity. I hope you can learn from this experience and become a better person. And for gods sake this is a message board about a TV SHOW, grow up.
That was the turning point for me where she went from cute and quirky, to petty and annoying.
I just tried it too on mine. If you lightly hold your finger on the screen, (times touch or long press) it will give you alternate characters with accents over them. If you press with slight force into the screen it will let you move the cursor. You likely arent realizing youre pressing with force on the screen. It doesn't take much.
Not with the 6s and 7
They can't answer that because its not true. This person is hell bent on defending Frankie for seemingly no reason. I am convinced this person is just a troll because literally every post in their history is to /r/HillaryForPrison. 
The s8 home button works by force touching the bottom of the screen. Also as an iPhone owner, the only time I use force touch is for moving the cursor when typing. Its a cool feature but its really over rated and most people dont use it in the real world. 
That makes total sense. And I am totally fine with characters being irrational some times. And having quirks. But having just finished season 3 I cant think of a single time where she is not acting like that. And by episode 8 it starts to get a bit old. Keep an eye out and let me know what you think or if I missed some of "old Frankie's" good qualities.
Wow you'd think I called your mother a whore with the way you responded. Its an opinion and I was asking if anyone else felt the same. My point is Frankie changed in season three and to me it went from cute and endearing to annoying. To the point where I had to literally force myself to finish the show. You can disagree thats fine. But there is no need for name calling at all. And sexist is a bit of a stretch. Every other female character in the show is fine. Its Frankie I have a problem with. And as far as Saul goes, he is the perfect example of how they can take a quirky character and use him to drive conflict without him being a totally nut job like Frankie is. Im not going to argue with you because this was an opinion post and I wanted to see if anyone else felt the way I did. Notice how /u/fritter_rabbit was able to disagree with me while still being civil? That is the kind of discussion I was looking for. You talking about wanting to slap me in the face just goes to show what a childish irrational person you are. No wonder you identify with that train wreck of a character Frankie.
Wait 40.7m-20m=700k? Where did the other 20 million users go?
All good. And so sorry for the spoilers. I'd be interested to hear what you think when you get to the end of the season.
Fuck
I agree with you about Frankie having good qualities. And part of my frustration is she used to be the person that drove people to take risks and go outside her comfort zone. Season 1 and 2 showed that in spades and that was part of what made me love the show. But I feel like this season that changed. I cant think of a single instance where she forced someone to grow. Or think about something in a different way. She basically complained about every little thing until she got her way. Season 1 and 2 Frankie was well written and was a great balance to the stuckup Grace. Season 3 Frankie was just a scared, narrow minded, whiner who refused to take chances and brought absolutely nothing but conflict to this story. Apart from her getting Grace to question why she thought she needed a gun she didn't get anyone else to look at things differently. And the only reason Grace came to the realization that she probably didn't need the gun is because Frankie was being childish (locking her out of the house) and close minded (refusing to compromise and try to take Grace's feelings into consideration). 
Its actually a Black Aston wrapped in blue to protect the paint.
He can afford the GTC4 most likely, he just can't afford the depreciation, or at least it doesn't make sense to buy new. The FF dropped like a stone a few years after they came out and he bought it used. The GTC4 will likely do the same so he said he would wait until the prices dropped. Once the price drops they usually hover around that area for a while so your chance of losing money is greatly reduced. As for the Astons, the GT8 is a limited production run car, that will likely appreciate in time. As for the Vantage he just bought, he bought it used and has already depreciated. He said that this is a place holder car until his other cars come in. He will likely lose very little money on the car over the 6 months or so he will own the car. 
I'm confused. Is this a CLK GTR or a CLK GTR Roadster? Because they show pictures of both but the ad mentions that its a CLK GTR. I would think there's a pretty big price discrepancy between the two. Also there has been a CLK GTR for sale on James Edition for like 3 years now and no one has bought it. 
As amazing as this car is, how the hell did that design get the green light? This has to be one of the ugliest exteriors ever made and it is made by one of the worlds most iconic brands that is known for its craftsmanship and attention to detail. That designer needs to go. 
I would hardly call the changes they made "just for the sake of updating it". Every line, crease and vent went towards maximizing downforce, minimizing drag, and getting more air in for the turbos. It may not be pretty but at least its functional.
If it were that easy to convince someone that the religion they believe in is bullshit, religion would have died out thousands of years ago. But religion is an important tool. Its very easy for a religious leader to control the masses. And if the Chinese government controls the religious leader, they in turn control the masses. Why would they want to give up that tool?
They said their new cars won't do it anymore. It was cool at first, but then people started modifying their cars to shoot bigger flames and that's when the cars started catching fire. 
The Y2K Jet bike
Unburnt fuel passes through the piping hot exhaust and ignites on contact releasing a flame. 
No they show the full price of the car. Usually in the last 5 seconds of the commercial, in a wall of tiny white text over the white background of the showroom floor the "not actors" are standing in. 
I don't get why Schmee gets so much hate on here. He seems like a genuinely nice person and shares a lot of unique experiences that you can tell he works really hard on. I get that he has a "punchable face" and can be a little over enthusiastic from time to time but as a person he seems like a cool guy with some interesting cars traveling to interesting places. 
It takes many hours over many days to repair a car. That means paying a film crew to film for 8-12 per day every day for a week, and then sift through the hundreds of hours of footage and edit it down to the 15 minutes we see on the show. Its cheaper to pay a shop a few hundred bucks to fix up a car then have the talent on set for an hour "installing" some part for the cameras, then they pack up and go home.
You're right about you can get 1500 hp out of a TT V8. But those cars a highly modified and regularly break down requiring expensive rebuilds every few thousand miles. If you look at this car as just a horsepower number you're missing the point of the car. The fact that they ran this engine on a dyno, at full throttle for 25 hours straight is what this car is all about. Exceptionally engineered, built to the highest of standards, unrivaled customer service, is what separates this from a 1500hp tuner build. Also look at the torque curve of this engine. Its like a torque shelf, its incredible. The Regera is an amazing piece of engineering, but I will never understand people who look at the Veyron and Chiron and are not impressed. 
Not in formula 1 it isn't.

Blood. My guess is from wiping himself raw.
On iOS the myq app sends an alert if its open for too long. And you can set the time interval you want. 
My Chamberlain MyQ smart garage door opener did this. Plugged it in, installed an app. Itll tell you when its open, closed, warn you if its been open too long. And I can remotely open and close it from anywhere as long as I have an internet connection.
My grandma cant see very well and has trouble navigating menus. I got her an Apple TV 4 so all she has to do is hold the microphone button down and say Netflix or whatever show she wants and it will take her there. 
9 gallons per second. Jesus Christ. How big is that fuel tank?
It doesn't make sense. Every single thing the Pope said that was supposed to be "profound and beautiful" didn't make any sense and just seemed like nonsense filled with buzz words to trigger emotion. I feel like this show is an emporer's new robes situation. Where people are saying they see something amazing that isnt there just to feel intelligent or superior. The show was well made and beautifully shot. The acting was incredible. But all of these profound moments throughout the show fell flat because if you actually listen to the words you realize there is nothing of substance there. Who is God? God smiles. That doesn't make any sense whatsoever. You don't get it because there is absolutely nothing to get.
People have made it clear that despite countless anti texting campaigns across the globe they will never stop texting while driving. People get distracted. Thousands of people die on the roads every year. Why wouldn't we want more drivers aids in cars. And while they are fairly limited now, they are rapidly improving and will only continue to get better. Also these technologies are being put into commuter cars. These cars are not bought by enthusiasts. They are just forms of transport. There have always been two types of cars. Those driven for transportation and utility, and those driven for fun. And if you look now, the amount and quality of fun cars are incredible. In my opinion this is the best time to be alive for a car enthusiast. We are reaching the limit of how good we can make an ICE car and electric cars are just starting to come into their own. Also while you may lose the noise of an ICE and the fun of shifting thought the gears, anyone who has driven an electric car will tell you that the instant torque and rapid acceleration is intoxicating. I am happy the auto industry is moving in this direction. The ICE is not dead, and the enthusiast car will never die. I imagine cars will become like horses. Once everyone used them for transportation as well as recreation. And then when something better came along horses stopped being used as transportation, but if anything the recreational side of things got even bigger. There are whole industries and communities centered around riding horses for recreation. Something similar will happen with cars, but that is still a long way off. For now we can sit back and enjoy the seemingly endless stream of brilliant enthusiast cars and rest easy that our roads are steadily getting safer and cleaner.
Why is this such a huge problem? Forbes is garbage. I refuse to go to that site. 
Its a Doberman. Let it have its ears. 
Driver mildly inconveniences pedestrians, possibly by mistake. Pedestrians damage his personal property. Sounds fair.
The left paddle also allows you to change the level of regen. You can pull it for rapid recharging and then release it to slingshot the car forward. Schmee150 on YouTube has a full walk through with Christian Von Koenigsegg where they go into basically every detail about the car.
They pump out tons of garbage because that is what YouTube wants and rewards. They guys who make one really good video a week or a month don't make as much money as the guys who put out garbage vlogs every day. YouTube wants people going to their site daily. They want to get people hooked. That's why there are so many vloggers on YouTube. 
Looks nice but just to let you know [genuine leather](http://www.businessinsider.com/leather-buying-guide-2014-12) is actually the lowest grade of leather you can buy. It is essentially scraps of leather bonded together and falls apart over time. Which is why it is so much less than other leather bands sold by Apple. Pro tip, never buy genuine leather furniture. In a few years it will disintegrate and look awful.
It wasn't that bad actually. I had my head and torso on the board with my arms and legs hanging off. Then I used a balled up sweatshirt as a pillow. The board in the center is kind of springy so its not as bad a you think. If you do try it just remember that it has wheels.
That blue carbon looks insanely good. Not sure about that blue interior though. I feel like the blue carbon exterior with the tan interior of the middle car is the perfect spec. 
Also those moving tracks that they use to join the different parts are mesmerizing to watch.
In college some friends and I took a road trip to a rival school to watch a football game. We were going to stay with some friends down there but they only had room for a few of us, not all of us. So we decided we would all sleep in the car in the parking garage of the stadium. As you can imagine 5 full grown men trying to sleep in a small sedan can be a little uncomfortable so we ended up with this sleeping situation. Two of us slept in the front seats reclined. One slept lying down across the back seats. One slept in an open trunk. And I slept on a longboard outside of the car. It actually wasn't too bad except shortly after I fell asleep I heard some people laughing nearby and when I looked over to see what they were laughing at, I realized I was rolling down the ramp in the garage at a very high rate of speed. We decided after that to head to the nearest Denny's as it was warm and open 24/7. We ordered some food and took turns sleeping in the booth. The wait staff were pretty cool about it and said that kind of thing happens pretty regularly.
What an amazing turnout. That Agera R's engine bay looks so incredible.
I love how they had the [butter bot](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/rickandmorty/images/5/55/Butter_Robot.PNG/revision/latest?cb=20160909043600) from Rick and Morty in there
Do you think its respectful to put the internet on a pedal stool like that?
Man I need to join the Army Reserves. They must pay well if he can afford an $80,000 German luxury car like that.
If you have 2 steaks that are 100% genetically identical. And one was grown in a cow and one was grown in a lab using an artificial process they are both still meat. Lab grown meat isn't something different like soy that looks and tastes like meat. It is a clone of the cells taken from the animal and grown in a lab. It is still animal flesh.
I thought at first that flap on her purse was her skirt that fell down. And she was wearing jean cut offs because she's a never nude.
GOOOD MORNING JUAREZ FAMILY!

Is this about me?
Starring Jenifer Lawrence as Mulan and Chris Pratt as Shang. Eddie Murphy will still be Mushu though.
I'm assuming you're talking about the holes in the seats. That's actually a knob that moves the seat height up and down.
I'm hoping it looks a little off because its a render. Hopefully in person it looks a little better.
Maybe this will look better in person, but this doesn't really look all that appealing to me. I think they nailed the profile, though and I'm interested to see how the doors open. But those flared fenders over the tail lights and the slits over the engine cover don't look very good in my opinion. It doesn't really matter because the car is sold out but I was looking forward to seeing this car and I feel a little underwhelmed. Also it looks like they stuck with the same single clutch transmission to save weight, which if I remember was one of the glaring downsides of the coupe. A dual clutch would have been a much better choice in this convertible. It is really impressive that they took off the roof and still managed to shave 70 kg off of the coupe though.
That's the one.
Oh my god hes an idiot!
[Hey this guy made a video about my comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/5skjnt/2017_tesla_model_s_p100d_first_test_a_new_record/ddfr9uv/) Neat.
[I like Stanley Hudson's reasons better](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3zY5SMpfaI)
I don't mind longer videos if the content is good. Jay Leno's Garage videos are about 20 mins long and I can sit through them no problem because there is always an exciting shot or an interesting fact being shown. But most people only watch for like 7-8 mins on youtube before they get bored. 
Its part of why I stopped watching his videos. His video title will say something like "we saw this one of a kind crazy Bugatti" and its a 17 minute video of them driving to a burger place and eating burgers and a veyron drives by.
I agree but luxury sedans are selling like crazy and luxury sedan sales are declining.
I don't know, [this](http://static3.bornrichimages.com/cdn2/683/384/91/c/wp-content/uploads/s3/1/2012/09/14/1347623400_1024X587.jpg) was pretty sweet.
/r/appletv/
As impressive as this car is, they need to move on. The continental is getting a bit old. They need to stop doing endless variations of this car and make that gorgeous [Speed 6](http://www.bentleymotors.com/en/models/concept-cars/exp10-speed-6.html) already. 
I got my Atv/4 6 months ago and within 2 months it had bricked itself. It was a huge hassle to replace and when I got it back I had to redownload all the apps I set up for streaming and log into each one. That means getting out a laptop and going to 20 different activation websites to sign into each app separately. It was so tedious I ended up using my PS4 for streaming everything. Also siri is a joke and the remote is awful. In addition to the track pad being very difficult to use, the remote is impossible to to tell which way is up when watching in the dark. So instead of pausing my show or turning down the volume I end up going back to the main menu 80% of the time. It has a lot of flaws, but there is an apple TV subreddit that is full of complaints and troubleshooting, which is the first place I checked when mine bricked itself. Don't get me wrong its a decent media player, but its far from perfect.
Never forget
If only the Genius Bar also served food and drinks to enjoy while you waited.
What I find really interesting is you take 3 different cars from 3 different manufacturers, put them on the same track, with the same driver, and they are all within half a second of each other. 
Marninella
What happened to his son? I looked it up and it says he had a seizure and hit his head on the bathtub and died.
More than you can afford pal.
Now imagine if they took that power train and put it in a revised roadster. They might be pushing a sub 2 second 0-60 time.
Lamborghini Ferruccio
Slow news day huh?
To be fair, they did have a record setting quarter
What was even funnier was that at the time, he was the world's second richest man with a net worth of about $50 billion and he was trying to haggle for like 15 cents more per mile.
It sounded like the guy was arguing with them (and rightfully so) though much of it seemed to have been cut for the news segment. I'm assuming she was mad at him for arguing in "her lobby" and wasn't having any of it.
That makes much more sense. For some reason I always thought they were saying WA-JACK
That was only like 30% of owners. The other 70% went to collectors that show they drive their cars. 
I feel like if they are going to go for a light weight car, you start from a light weight car and work your way down further. Like the 675LT was to the 650S. You don't start with a 4400 lb car and take out the seats and call it a day. I mean the car is still 4200 lbs with all that weight savings. 
This is exactly why Ford did their application process the way they did for this generation GT. To prevent owners from parking the cars and waiting for the values to skyrocket.
I remember Solomondrin saying that was one of the reasons why he sold his Huayra. Because every time he would drive it people would drive behind and along side of him filming and taking pictures and he felt like they would crash into him.
yea it was a joke
That was that autistic Batman movie wasn't it? 
And Pierre Veyron was also a driver for Bugatti.
No he went back to work at the carpet store.
I can't wait for all the misty eyed journalist reviews that say how this will be the last naturally aspirated V12. And then a few months later another company will launch another NA V12 and the cycle will repeat itself.
[Good feeling's gone](https://68.media.tumblr.com/43a0e92c6c5fdfbec94fea15ca560077/tumblr_inline_oi85a2R3PJ1uup717_500.gif)
Does that account for inflation?
You're probably thinking of the [Lamborghini Asterion Concept](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/10/02/1412276813028_Image_galleryImage_A_Lamborghini_Asterion_is.JPG)
[More like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1FS4Dw8miI)

[That car was so freaking beautiful.](http://www.thewheelsofsteel.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/New-Lamborghini-Estoque-Images.jpg) Its a shame they shelved the project.
So you're saying this could be Ferrari's year?
Well that is over two years. And tens of billions of gallons of fuel. To the point where the tax payer was paying pennies more per gallon. But instead of that money going to middle eastern oil companies, it goes to US farmers.
Given that the wall was estimated to cost around $20 billion, this barely scratches the surface.
Isn't all that data on the NCIS server and she is accessing that data on one of the many computers in the office? So by pulling the plug all he did was stop her from attempting to "block" the attack. But the server is still up, so the hacker would still be able to access all that info.
Well considering that it only beat the 675LT by one second per lap tells me it can't be that insane. And that was on a track chosen by Ford, with a driver supplied by Ford, and I'm sure they spent multiple days optimizing the car to get the best possible lap time. Don't get me wrong, its fast. But this isn't exactly an unbiased test. Also by the time the Ford GT starts rolling out to customers and we see a bunch of them on the road, McLaren's new car will be out, which will sell for around 100k less and be faster than the LT. 
Hagerty has a great tool that will help you appraise the value of your classic car. They say on the low end your car is worth around $300,000 and on the high end its around $550,000 if perfectly restored. To restore this car you're looking at at least $50,000-$100,000, maybe more. There is, however, a really big trend right now for preservation class cars and barn finds. Some barn finds of rare cars can even outsell restored cars at auction. With the body damage, unless there's a unique story behind it, you will probably take a decent size hit on value but it won't be too bad. If you are going to restore this car you need to do it right or it won't bring big money if you ever decide to sell it. So unless you're willing to spend a lot of money on a professional restoration, I'd suggest selling it at auction. Amelia Island is the next auction coming up in the US in March. There are some great auction houses (RM Sotheby's, Gooding & Co., Bonhams) that all have a lot of experience selling these cars and they can usually help you sell it and will appraise the value of your car for you. If you do decide to sell it unrestored, what ever you do don't clean it. Leave the dirt, and dust, and cobwebs on the car. Wiping off all that dirt, for whatever reason devalues the car. Collectors like barn finds and they like to see evidence that its been sitting, undiscovered for X number of years. 
Yea it is a bit puzzling. The car is all carbon fiber and has massive sections of the body cut out to allow air to flow through, yet it weights more than the 675LT. And both have adjustable suspension and active aero panels. Not to mention the GT has a smaller engine. How does this weigh more?
"It takes more than that to kill a Bull Moose" -Teddy Roosevelt
I thought the original joke response was, "My legs hurt".
Its not that its hard to ship them. Its that China might not like a bunch of billion dollar manufacturing facilities leaving their country so they might not allow the minerals to leave their country.
Isn't it also because China has a lot of rare earth metal mines, that almost no one else has? Those rare earth metals are essential to current electronics manufacturing. 
I tried this when I bought a car. While I was on my test drive, they had my keys so they could do an appraisal on my trade in. When I tried to leave and said "I'll think about it", they wouldn't give me my keys back. It took several minutes of convincing to actually get my keys so I could go home and think about it.
Just because the light is green, doesn't mean it is safe to go.
Rush, hands down. That movie was so well made and the driving sequences are incredible.
C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER!!!
Wait you guys have to pay 23% tax on items you purchase in Europe? And I thought 9% sales tax was high....
Can you repeat the question?
I don't know. I have a scala G9 and its pretty amazing. Being able to get turn by turn directions, listen to music, answer phone calls, and talk to other riders I'm with is pretty great. I haven't ever been in a situation where I felt it distracted me.
The company went under and the founders are being sued for fraud for using preorder money on strippers and vacations and stuff.
Water? You mean like in the toilet?
That's insane. There's no way the track could make that money back from one race a year right?
I hope there is an equally cool sliding compartment in your son's room so he can access it from his side. From the pictures it just looks like there is a hole in his closet to climb through.
What exactly are the costs of the race track hosting an F1 GP? And why have they started to spiral out of control?
I love how he eats it off the carpet. Great touch.
Thats why netflix is developing their own content. Its cheaper and better than the stuff currently on cable

I'm calling it now, either at the end of this season or the beginning of next season he will drive over that "unexploded WW2 bomb" and that's how they kill him off. He has got to be up there with one of the least popular characters ever on a tv show. There is no way they keep him.
My guess is this easily shows that they are all playing multiplayer against each other. You can look at this and immediately know what they are doing. In reality you probably wont have split screen up on all 4 displays but if you show all 4 of them playing full screen in the ad, some people might think they are all just playing the same game separately in the same room. 
Is there any legitimate reason I have to sit and look at an 8 second full page quote before it will let me get to the content I was trying to read?
[Just think of all those helpless women suffering from an unslakable thirst for....Crane](https://youtu.be/6-KcDr8Z1sA?t=59)
Damnit Jim. MICHAEL!
[Carlton will be delighted to hear this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwHf_06A-P0)
I saw a couple being arrested at Target for shoplifting while trying to hide stolen items in their baby's stroller. It doesn't always work.
And the skeletons are...?
Does that mean she is now assistant to the principal?
That's why I live down at the dump. No cops bother you there. The only downside is all the damn gulls nipping at me. But you know what they say. One mans garbage is another man's ungarbage. 
I'd think that being a scumbag kind of requires the action to be deliberate. If you accidentally spill water on someone at dinner, that is not a scumbag move. If you deliberately pour water on someone at dinner, that is a scumbag move.
My guess is that person probably just wanted nudes of the guys wife. I have heard stories of some repair shops having an external hard drive so when they find nudes on a customer's computer they copy it onto the drive for viewing later. Except this time they found CP.
I know you are making a joke but all companies are made up of people. The majority of which are decent, hard working people. Geek Squad upper management makes rules to try to maximize profits, at the expense of their customers. That kid, working his way though school at a job that is somewhat IT related, that will look better on a resume than say a cashier at Walmart, is not necessarily a bad guy. Sure he might sell an old lady over price anti virus software because if he doesn't sell a certain amount he will be fired. But that doesn't mean hes a shitty human being. I had friends who worked at geek squad growing up. They hated all of the bullshit items they had to push and hated having to up sell people who probably didn't need it in order to keep their job. But they were good guys just trying to get by. I know its easy to rip on a big corporation, but just be sure you are directing your hate at the people making the decisions, not the low level employees just trying to put food on their tables.
What he did was a huge breach of privacy of his client, but any IT professional could do the same. They have the same ability. My point is saying that this is the reason not to trust geek squad is a little flawed because this isn't standard practice for every geek squad employee. This is a few greedy employees trying to earn extra money. Any IT professional with any shred of integrity would never go snooping around their client's computer. Geek squad is over priced for the service that they provide. That is the reason you shouldn't go to them. Not because a few people, out of the thousands they employ nation wide, got greedy.
The Rolls Royce Phantom uses a 6 3/4 liter V12 with about 450 horse power and they list that as sufficient...so somewhere around that I'd say.
I thought it was standard in the tech industry where if you come across child porn on a device you are repairing/servicing that you always notified the police. Does geek squad have an exclusive deal with the FBI for the $500 reward for being an informant? Couldn't any other computer repair tech do the exact same thing regardless of where they worked?
yea its absurd, especially considering the front is all glass, so if you drop it on a tile floor, you're fucked.
Its not a big market, but its also a not insignificant market. The slingshot has been selling pretty well. My main point was that while the Miata might be a better car, almost no one who shops for a slingshot would even cross shop a miata in a million years.
I was just trying to make a sarcastic remark about how over priced the siri remote is.
Why don't you just buy a new one? They are only $80. That's pretty reasonable. /s
The issue with that is no one turns their head when a Miata goes by. People buy the slingshot because its a fun weekend toy and they get noticed when they drive it. I can't tell you how many friends/family members who are not into cars at all have snapped a picture of one in traffic or a parking lot and asked me what it was. It excited them, despite not being into cars. That is the appeal of the slingshot. Sure you could always get something faster, or better handling, or more practical. But you'd be hard pressed to find something that excites people that much for 20k.
/r/battlestations
Its a personal yacht. They just have an enormous running cost. Usual rule of thumb is around 10% of the initial price of the vessel annually. So, many owners will charter out their boat to try to mitigate some of those costs. This boat can be either rented out for parties on the dock, usually by businesses, or [it can be chartered by the week for about $1,000,000 per week plus food and gas and usually a 5-10% tip for the crew.](https://www.yachtcharterfleet.com/luxury-charter-yacht-27048/quattroelle.htm) So to charter this yacht you're looking around $1.2 million per week all in. But I'd say given the size of the ship, it cost the owner around $165-180 million to build and anywhere from $15-20 million per year to run/maintain. A lot of money considering the average yacht owner uses their boat 4-6 weeks per year.
I'm sure every single police agency in the world gets hundreds, if not thousands, of people every year walking in talking about assassinating someone famous or talking about mind control. The issue is law enforcement just doesn't have the resources to deal with every single person who does that. Sure they could lock them all up for life but would that be ethical? Should they just send them to a mental health facility? And if so for how long? And who is going to pay for that? Unfortunately we only hear about the ones that actually go on to do what they said they were going to do. And it seems like a statistically negligible number of people. It is a shame when something like this happens, but if you look into every killers life you are bound to find red flags somewhere. But while the vast majority of people may be weird, they are mostly non violent. In hindsight its easy to say something should have been done, but in practicality its really hard to stop someone from doing something like this.
Well I suppose you can daily both as they are comfortable 4/5 seaters with a big trunk. But the Ghost is what I was talking about.
Subaru also makes a hatch version of your car. But they most likely wont make 2 different backup cameras. They probably use the same camera across their entire model lineup to save money so they install it in the same position in both the sedan and the hatch. What kind of car does our friend drive? do they make a hatch version of his car?
How much of that is actual salary vs. bonus for hitting profit targets/ stock options? I get that they make a ton of money but don't they only make a lot when their actions cause the company to make money? For instance Apple missed their sales targets this quarter and Tim Cook missed out on over $1.5 million in bonuses. He still made a lot but Apple also still made a lot of money this quarter. 
My guess is it has something to do with the rear windshield wiper motor. I would guess that they route the wires down, before it runs off to the side. If you placed the camera there it might be a tight fit with all of the wires converging on one point, so they put the camera off to the side to avoid clearance issues. 
Well I wouldn't say it was a scam. The tech works, it just didn't work in that one instance. From the video they showed, the car self parked outside just fine. It only seemed to have issues parking itself once they brought it inside. It was an embarrassing glitch on their part but that routinely happens when people demo new tech. Apple's iPhone, when they first unveiled it, had issues. Microsoft had some glitches when they showed off their Surface for the first time. Google has had issues in their keynotes before. Hell, even Volvo had that screw up when they went to show their auto braking tech off to journalists and the car crashed right into a truck without stopping at all. This happens when you are building a completely new product. This tech is pre-production, as in not ready for consumers yet. That being said, this company will fail. And the fact that all of their patents are being held in a separate shell company means that when it does fail, investors have nothing to sell to try to recoup their investments. The intention of this company was not to scam people. Or trick people into thinking the car does something it doesn't. Its just not really been executed correctly and most likely wont be brought to market. And no you weren't the only one that saw the engineer sneak into the car to try to get it moving. But of course they would send someone in to try to make it work while they stood on stage in front of the whole world sweating bullets.
Just get a camera for your place like a nest cam or something. That way you can check on your pets while you are out. There are even some cameras that allow you to talk to your pets and even remotely give them treats.
Its a different class of vehicle. Its a comfortable daily driver/family car if you want to step up from an S-Class. The Phantom is more of a chauffeur car. The Ghosts are really nice though, especially the black badges.
That would only be true if he got a ghost. The Ghost is the baby Phantom. The Wraith is their 2 door "performance" coupe. The Phantom line doesn't have anything comparable. They used to make the drop head coupe which was discontinued to make room for the Dawn. I know you were being facetious but I thought I'd point that out for others not in the know. 
/r/thatsthejoke

That's great and all but could you post a better picture of this next time? Its really hard to see the forest because all the trees are in the way.
I clicked on a link because I was looking up something about airplanes and after a few seconds of browsing the web page I received a popup asking me to disable adblock to view their content. I have Ublock Origin and Ghostery to block ads and stop advertisers from tracking my browsing habits. On this one web page Ublock blocked 53 ads and Ghostery blocked 106 trackers. And people wonder why we use adblock.
While I'm sure the final production car will be pretty quick, showing off how fast a car is while its completely stripped out on the inside and purposely set up for acceleration demos feels a bit like they are cheating.
No I don't and I never have. I can just empathize with a shitty situation.
If the Disney movie Hercules has taught me anything, some Titans are about to be freed.
When some smart ass kid spends several minutes flipping all the books around on the mystery shelf so he can take a "funny/edgy" picture for Facebook, and in the process inconveniences several shoppers and employees that have to take time out of their day to undo his "joke".
No one has ever disputed what you just said. I am saying people don't like it though. And a corporation can absolutely make the choice to choose customer privacy over profit. Because Facebook/Zuckerberg choose to maximize profit at the expense of user privacy, they are widely hated by a very large group of people. 
Sure hes done nice stuff but hes not perfect. And he asked why people don't like him. I said why a lot of people don't like the guy.
Just because a company has the ability to take advantage or violate a users privacy doesn't mean they should.
Why would they insert a game disk into a ps3 that they are using as part of their super computer?
The airforce is using this as a supercomputer not to play games
Couldn't you just not update the ps3 and keep that feature. Its not like they were using them to game online so there's no reason to update the consoles.
I didn't say he wouldn't win, I said why people don't like him. 
Doesn't care about user privacy and called his customers idiots for trusting him with their personal data. Now he expects those idiots to vote for him.
And who is your immediate supervisor?
I like hearing Randy Pobst's opinion on cars on Motor Trends youtube channel. Tiff Needel gives great insight too. The problem with the American is he doesn't add anything of value and ends up being a distraction. What they should have done was make their racing driver French and speak only in French and then let Jeremy loose with the subtitle machine. It was a great gag that worked really well when they tested the holy trinity and I think it would be way better than the American.
I don't get what they were going for there at all.
Save Bandit!
Didn't he come out as gay on the show? To the surprise of absolutely no one.
I have a space black and I kind of regret it. While it does look pretty nice, I feel like the stainless steel can be worn casually and in a dressy situation. It just looks more elegant whereas the space black looks more techy. 
I still play Wintermaul on Warcraft III. Does that count?
Hard to tell exactly but I'd say at least 4.
I wouldn't be surprised if there was a tuxedo rental place that rented sleeveless jackets. I have seen a few different weddings like this over the years so I'm sure its not uncommon.
The [Jaguar XJ220](http://hanabi.autoweek.com/sites/default/files/styles/gen-1200-675/public/xj-3.jpg?itok=1fGv9FEw). I was about 6 years old and went with my Grandpa over to his friends house to drop off some baseball tickets. While we were there the guy asks if I like cars. I said yes and we went into his garage. There sat a green XJ220. To 6 year old me that car looked like a space ship. Still does a little bit. It was impossibly low and wide. It just looked so menacing. Then I got to sit in it and he started it up while I held the wheel. I have been hooked on cars ever since.
My mom used to do this when we were kids. I bought a power line adapter (box that sends an ethernet signal over the electrical lines in the house) to get around it.
Le Mans and Rush
Maybe, but I have never seen a professional level fighter do what she did. I haven't really even seen an amateur boxer do what she did. On multiple occasions too. There are several gifs of her doing the exact same type of "shadow boxing". Either way though she knows shes being filmed, why would she repeatedly do that when it looks so embarrassingly bad?
That Miata is not really a sleeper. The guy paddling is basically doing all the work.
I used to box. I have never seen anyone shadow box like that. Both in the gym and professionally. That throwing from the elbow and snapping her wrist at the end is a good way to hyper extend her arm if shes doing it fast enough. And its not just her shadowboxing, many women boxers have picked apart Ronda's boxing abilities, especially after her manager said how she could easily be a champion boxer.
like I said its expensive if its literally just you watching. The majority of people who watch this do so with a large group. And most of the time everyone chips in so its really only costs a few dollars to watch. But there is never just one fight. Each PPV event usually consists of 3-5 fights so even if one is a dud, you still get to watch the other ones.
people pay $60 for multiple fights. And very seldom does one person pay $60 to watch it themselves. They usually throw a party and invite a dozen or so people over and have a good time. Beer, food, friends, and a couple fights, is well worth $60. Especially if everyone there chips in a few bucks.
Do you know what the savings was over non refurbished?
They will save a shit load of money on nets if they do this.
Good point. Rewatching the fight,  it looks like she tried to clinch once and the other was a half hearted attempt at grabbing Amanda's arm. It looks like she kind of gave up after the first few hits to the face and went straight into defensive mode.
People are discussing the aftermath of a heavily publicized fight. What is wrong with that? They did the same when Mayweather fought Pacquiao. This isn't any different. Sure there are some people here that feel good about themselves when others fail, but the vast majority of people are just discussing the fight. That's the whole point of televising it. To watch it, and then talk about it later. 
She has a great ground game. And from the looks of [this](http://giant.gfycat.com/LiveSeveralIncatern.gif) and [this](http://imgur.com/gallery/QRpP0) she doesn't know how to throw a punch at all. I really don't know why she doesn't just immediately take the fight to the ground.
The millions she made was from fighting not from cameos. She had a movie deal iirc but it got cancelled. I don't know what you mean by sour grapes. I don't really follow her career or really even care if she wins or loses. There is no doubt that what she did as far as inspiring other women to get into mma is a great thing. I was only commenting on her performance of the fight, not saying she is a worthless human being. I don't know why you feel the need to "defend her character"
She probably got tagged a few times and wanted to prove to everyone watching that she could at least get a few shots in herself, and then take the fight to the ground. Only problem is she never made it that far. That is the only reason I can think of.
No one on reddit has really said anything positive about Rhonda since she started doing shitty cameos in movies. Then after her first loss the hype train died. Now after getting absolutely destroyed in under a minute I'd be surprised if she ever fights again. She's made millions so far and inspired a lot of women to get into MMA. She will likely retire and open up a gym and train house moms for an insane premium.
But I mean she would have had to start somewhere. She didn't just walk into the octagon, she had to at one point signed up for boxing lessons. I boxed a little when I was younger. For the first few months, before we were even allowed to spar, all we did was throw jabs and maybe some combinations. And our instructor would watch our form and correct it when we got tired/lazy. Rhonda's form looks like it comes straight out of a woman's kickboxing cardio class where the point is to just burn calories, not fight effectively.
Yea she needs to learn how to throw a punch. Not something I thought I would ever say about a professional fighter.
try 48 seconds
Yea I don't know why after the first couple hits to the face she didn't just tie up or stick to grappling. Like she clearly wasn't going to out box her.
Holy shit, is that shadow boxing serious or is she just messing around? How can a professional fighter go that long and not know how to throw a punch with proper form?
Michael is faster than you………Can you confirm you understood that message?
I used to just put all of my spare change in the removable ash tray in my car. Then whenever a homeless person would ask for spare change I would ask them to cup their hands and just dump all the coins into their hands. It was was only a few dollars worth of coins, but the look on their face was worth it. Every one reacted like they just won a jackpot on a slot machine.
Spying on enemies of the state of course
That's messed up right?
We will get 5 seasons max then they will retire. I think they love what they do but they are getting old and traveling all over the world and filming all the time takes a toll on them. 
I wish I didn't watch it. I should have waited until part two aired and watched them both back to back. I feel like it would be more enjoyable that way.
Darksky. Its nice to get an alert on your wrist letting you know its about to rain.
This is the James May we all know and love. The geeky, passionate, tinkerer that loves to build and work on things. Its a shame that they are turning him into a ditzy buffoon on The Grand Tour.
I feel so terrible for laughing at this because I loved watching him so much as a child. But that was just...perfect.
A quote from /u/ridger5, the comment right above yours that is literally responding to the exact same question you asked two and a half hours before you did. "Upgraded clutch and flywheel = no smooth operation in traffic Catless exhaust = loud as hell, baby aint sleeping" 
Read the ad, then read the comments above yours. That should answer your question.
It would be if it wasn't modded to within an inch of its life.
His SO told him he needs to sell it and buy a family friendly car because they are having a baby. He doesn't want to sell it so he lists it for a price so unreasonable that no one will buy it. That way he can keep driving the car he loves without his SO giving him shit for not trying to sell it. Just a guess but thats probably whats going on.
Honestly its super convenient to walk into a room and turn on your lights, tv, sound system, and gaming console without ever touching a remote. Also its nice to get into bed at night and with a phrase shut everything off. I also find myself in other places wanting to ask a question for a quick answer, or telling my echo to turn off a light only to have to get up because that light isn't a smart light. Its little things that don't seem like much but when you get used to everything being automated and voice controlled, whenever you come across something manual it feels like you just went back in time a little. I don't know if the echo is always listening to every word I am saying and is sending me ads. But I know for a fact there isn't a random amazon employee listening in on my private conversations trying to figure out any of my embarrassing secrets. If anything is being done, its being done by a machine and only to sell me something. I use adblock anyways so their marketing doesn't really impact me.
Every item in the store is assigned a weight value though. Like a box of crackers is preweighed so even though you are scanning the bar code and aren't buying it by the weight, the machine needs to know exactly how much each item weighs so people can't just sneak extra items into the bag without paying for it first. The label that they printed for him shows the total price as well as the weight. If there is extra meat the price will scan but there will be extra weight in the bagging area causing an error message. 
How does that impact self checkout? If you scan your item in the checkout, it needs to match the weight when you put it in the bagging area right? So if they give you extra meat but only charge it as 1lb, doesn't that mean you are going to have "an unexpected item in the bagging area"?
Not to mention you can put the farms directly inside the city meaning you don't have to have massive trucks driving long distances to deliver food to people. 
TIL Matt Farah was a thirteen year old girl.
Aim for the bushes
Do they call them leader bikes because they are so fast you will always be in the lead?
Is this a good starter bike? I heard 250s are good to learn on.
This was taken in 1931, a few years before the Nazis came to power. 
Are you sure about that? Because in order to sell cars in the US, both Koenigsegg and Pagai, manufactures of multi million dollar cars, both had to do crash tests. They are so expensive to build, and are built in such low numbers, they had to be rebuild around the carbon fiber tub after each crash test because it would be too costly to build a car for each test. 
While I'll admit he may have been a little harsh in his reply, its fairly easy to see what the answer to your question is. So much so there isn't much merit in even asking it. But to answer your question, no they would not have been successful. For starters you don't have Elon because his goal was only to make electric cars mainstream, not to be a car company so he would have never founded Tesla to begin with. Second, lets say he did, they have nothing to differentiate themselves in the market and probably would not have sold well. Their first car, the Tesla Roadster, was a Lotus Elise that they modified into an electric vehicle, take that away and they are just building a small ICE sports car. And while there are certainly start up companies that compete in that market, they usually don't do very well. Third, Tesla barely survived as it is. It took a very large government loan, that they only qualified for because they were building electric cars, to save them. But lets say again for arguments sake they got past all that and some how made it to the model S. The model S was and is plagued with QC issues. It also has a laughably poor interior for the luxury segment it competes in. The only reason consumers look past it is because it is a good electric vehicle. Take away the electric drive train and it does not even come close to completing with Mercedes and BMW. Not to mention cheaper alternatives like Acura, Lexus, and Cadillac. No one was asking for another luxury brand. But many people were asking for a good electric car. Tesla filled that demand and that alone is why they succeeded. That should be fairly obvious to anyone who asked that question.
You're not getting downvoted because you have a different opinion. You're getting downvoted because in every one of your comments you marginalize the performance of the car despite not knowing any details about it. We don't know how much it will weigh. We don't know how fast it is. We don't know how it drives yet. We don't know how much horse power it will make. We don't know if it will even be fun to drive at all. In every comment you are bashing the car and saying it is worse than other cars that are currently for sale despite the fact that you don't know anything about the GT. It could be an objectively amazing car. We won't know for sure until it is released. What we do know is based on the little information that has been release about the car it sure has all of the right ingredients to be a great car. 
[You'd be surprised what a skilled driver can do at the wheel of a "lesser car". Check out this video of the Koenigsegg test driver in his Miata passing a 911 GT3RS like its nothing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQ3x462rlmg)
You clearly don't understand it. But I'm over trying to explain it to you. We will just have to agree to disagree.
No car is perfect but again, a $2 million hand built car should be held to a higher standard than a $100k car. How is that so hard to understand? The people buying a multi million dollar car expect perfection. People buying a $100k car expect something really good and are more willing to compromise if they come across issues.
Look I was just responding to one line. That you would hold Tesla to a higher standard than Pagani because Tesla makes more product. They are two completely different types of companies with two different goals. Pagani prides themselves on build quality and craftsmanship. Blending art and science. If they are charging $2 million for a car that they claim is made of the finest materials and is built to the highest standard then they should absolutely be held to a higher standard than the relatively new company building mass market electric cars. A company that sells every car they build and can't build them fast enough. That is the only thing I am debating here. You could have chosen any other company to compare Tesla too. But you picked the one company that basically makes rolling art. And that doesn't even remotely make sense.
I know Teslas aren't hand built. They are also not made 100% by automation. No car on the planet is. I said that its easier when hand building car to make sure that everything goes perfectly. Especially when building the car takes weeks or months to complete. Those automated processes are designed to build the car quicker but there are many parts on the Tesla that are also installed by a worker. Low volume cars built to super high standards over long periods of time will always be a higher quality product than a mass produced car. So Pagani should be held to a higher standard of quality than Tesla, or any other mass manufacturer of cars for that matter.
Good for you for leaving that hostile work place. But can I ask, why just quit? If you knew that you no longer wanted to work for this man due to his poor management style and ineffectiveness as a leader, why not bring this to the attention of his boss? Why not show how you are the 4th technician to be driven away this year and it is solely because this manager is ineffective at his job? Worse case you end up leaving. Best case he gets the boot.
I don't know the first time I used apple pay on my phone it truly felt like the future was here now. It was so quick and simple. They really nailed it. Its good on the watch as well.
I assume you're asking for a friend.
[Welcome to the Jungle - Guns N' Roses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1tj2zJ2Wvg) and [Thunderstruck - AC/DC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2AC41dglnM)

Red and black with skins on everything. Are you MKBHD?

Are you sure about the last one? I can go online and see dozens of Veyrons for sale all over the world. 
I'd argue the opposite. Producing a dozen cars a year means you can spend very large amounts of time building it and making sure every little detail is perfect. You can also justify spending many hours qcing one vehicle due to the enormous cost of the vehicle. When you start manufacturing thousands, or tens of thousands of vehicles a year it is impossible to inspect every single one adequately and small imperfections go unnoticed easily. Especially when you are rushing to fulfill orders.
So is this his personal car collection, or is it owned by his business that he rents out to people?
And also if you want to leave enough for your children to live comfortably after you go.
If you have ever listened to Elon Musk talk, he has always said that Tesla is a technology company not a car company. Their goal isn't to build the most cars and capture market share. Their purpose is to pave the way for electric vehicles and show other manufacturers that there is a demand for good electric cars. Same goes for autonomous vehicles.
Ok but that's not what we are talking about here at all. And I guarantee no one buys a Tesla for its long term reliability. They buy it because its a good and safe electric car. Also its fast and packs some really cool technology.
I agree. Also the majority of complaints about Tesla are due to things like the leather on the seats fading quickly. Or water leaking in through the weather stripping in the doors. Or the door panels not lining up perfectly. Most of the issues are minor cosmetic stuff and QC issues. This issue Marques had was the first I had ever heard of. That's not to say it didn't happen before this, but if it were more widespread I think I would have heard of it by now. Also you are bringing up good points. I don't want you to feel like I'm arguing here. 
>im not sure what the self driving hardware has anything to do with such a fundamental , serious failure like the power steering going out in the middle of a turn. multiple times, at that.

&nbsp;
It has absolutely nothing to do with causing that type of failure with the steering and I never said it did. I am saying he saved for months to buy his dream car thinking it was the best that Tesla offered, only to have them release updated self diving hardware a few weeks later. This left him disappointed because had he waited a few more weeks he could have gotten the hardware that would one day enable full autonomous driving. This situation of chronic power steering failures potentially might allow him to trade in his car for a brand new one. One that has the updated hardware. That is all I am saying.
>heard this excuse way too many times from tesla fanboys. and i say that as a tesla fan myself. look, the Tesla forums/community has been reporting major and minor reliability concerns for YEARS. the model S has been out for 4 years now. and yet this is still happening. to say "welp, all models have lemons" is misleading. Corollas, which are so much cheaper and more complex (drive train wise), are statistically far more reliable than Teslas, it seems.

&nbsp;
I'm not excusing the fact that issues exist. But it is important to remind people that cars are complex machines that do fail from time to time. Even Toyota, a company that has been building cars since 1937, [has recalled over 24 million cars over the last 5 years](http://gmauthority.com/blog/2014/06/stats-show-toyota-is-actually-the-king-of-the-auto-recall-not-general-motors/). Remember that time when Toyota cars were stuck accelerating for no reason? Even the most reliable manufacturers make cars that occasionally have problems. This is the norm in the auto industry. Go to any automotive forum. I guarantee, regardless of manufacturers, you will find people complaining about issues with their cars. That is what those forums are for. When your car has an issue and you want to see if it is happening to anyone else and if they found a fix for it, going to the forum specifically for your car is usually your first step. I never posted this to be an excuse, I was answering the question at the end of his video. And one thing to keep in mind when deciding whether to trade in your car for the same model or move to a different brand is that even if you switch manufacturers there is always a chance you will get a lemon. So for me personally I would look at how the company responded to my issues and how much I liked the car when it didn't have any problems. And I would make my decision based on that. 
Its a shame to hear hes having problems with it but it might be really good that this is happening to him. He is a big youtuber with a large social media following so no doubt Tesla will do whatever it takes to make him happy. That being said he bought the P100D right before they announced the update for the self driving hardware. Something he was very bummed to hear about. This might be the opportunity to exchange the car for an updated model and get the feature he really wanted. Also to answer his question about moving onto a different car. I think its fair to say that every single model of car out there has at least one lemon out in the market. I'd say if the car is perfect, except for one issue that keeps happening and they can't fix it I'd probably try to exchange it for the same model car. This issue that is happening isn't an engineering defect like the new Z06 over heating on track, or the Ford Pinto's gas tank exploding when its rear ended. This is a weird bug that rarely happens on those vehicles. Swapping to a new one would allow him to keep enjoying the vehicle without worrying about that issue again.
But in the video they show farmers using the sickle vs using the scythe. And literally every farmer was amazed at how much easier and more efficient it is to use the scythe. Not only that but in the interview with one of the farmers at the end, the farmer remarks that this will be a great tool because it will allow people with injuries and handicaps to contribute to farming. I have done tasks where I had to squat and hunch over for long periods of time. Even as a young man it puts significant strain on my lower back and joints. I can't imagine doing that for hours at a time. Let alone doing it over and over again for years. Also wood is not a rare commodity in India. Watch the video. They are standing in a field literally surrounded my trees. Hell there are even shots of them two feet away from a tree while they use the scythe. It would not be cost prohibitive to have a wooden stick that is several feet long. But when you look at the efficiency of the scythe, even if it is more expensive it will still be worth it. With a scythe a single worker can clear a field faster than several workers with sickles. And as far as the $100 remark, that is for a niche tool that is hand made and sells in low volume in a first world country. With economies of scale you could easily get the price down to several dollars. But you could also just as easily make one for several dollars, which is what these farmers would most likely do. While the materials of the sickle might cost less, using it takes a much bigger toll on the body. 
Like I said I get that there are poor parts of India. But human beings are by nature curious and are problem solvers. Its surprising that independent of other cultures they were unable to come up with this device on their own. Its the same thing as they are using now with a more ergonomic handle. Its not an internal combustion engine. Its a blade on a longer stick. If you spend decades farming hunched over like that you will develop back and joint problems. How did not one person in the hundreds of years those people had been doing things not tried to find a better way on their own? That is what I am shocked by. Not that there are poor areas around the world with less advanced technology. 
I get that there are places in India that have used the scythe for a long time now. And even places where they have modern farming equipment. But what I don't get is how people, even without access to books or the internet, can spend generations hunched over waddling across a field with their sickle and not one person has thought "there has to be a better way". Also this could have been a three minute video. We don't need 5 minutes of b-roll with horrible music showing different people using the scythe. 
Extreme poverty. No way to maintain it.
Honestly I'm not a fan. The Aventador was one of the best looking supercars on the market. This refresh looks like a bad body kit.
There are proximity sensors in the airpods that detect when they are in your ear. This makes them play when they are inside your ear but pause when you take them out. Painting over the sensors could impair their functionality. But if you are getting them painted by color ware they will figure out how to avoid messing with the functionality.
[I'd have to say the wood shifters out of vintage Porsche race cars look the best to me.](http://cdn-2.thejameslist.com/data/images/26787334_source.jpg) I think the reason they started using them was the gearboxes in their racing cars used to get so hot that the heat would come up through the metal shift knob and burn the driver's hand so they switched to wood. They carried it over to the Carrera GT as an homage. They were functional and look incredible. 
1999 Volvo V70 wagon. I drove this car to school every day and every day the car would break down once on the way to school and once on the way home. The engine would die. The power steering would stop working and I would have to wrestle it to the side of the road. The brakes barely worked and the engine felt like it was always on its last legs. Also whenever I filled up the car with gas I'd have to wait about 5 minutes before the car would actually start. I was 17 though so I didn't complain because I didn't have to take the bus to school.
Groovy
Excuse me if this sounds ignorant but does Lauda do anything at Mercedes? It seems like every time I hear something from him, its because he stirred up some shit in the media. I get that he is a successful racing driver and all but what exactly is his role at Mercedes?
Yea but it's ok because they were gluten free, so it practically doesn't count.
I didn't like their fries either but next time you go try asking for the fries well done. They cook the fries twice and they come out crispier and tastier. Now I love their fries.
I have seen a few of them for sale in the US. So either they are legal or are here on show and display. But yea they did really skyrocket in value.
Even though I know I'll never have a chance of owning one, I am really excited to see how the [Aston Martin AM-RB 001](http://media.caranddriver.com/images/media/51/aston-martin-am-rb-001-inline1-photo-669373-s-original.jpg) turns out. The targets they are shooting for are incredible and the car looks like a space ship. And with Adrian Newey designing it there is a really good chance they will meet or exceed their performance targets. And if that is the case, holy hell that will be one exciting car.
Did you mean to type Viper? Or is there really some rare concept car called the Viperion?
I don't know if the G-wagon has enough wheels to go off road safely, [better get a 6x6 just to be safe](http://st.automobilemag.com/uploads/sites/11/2013/09/Mercedes-Benz-G63-AMG-6x6-silver-front-three-quarters-view.jpg)
Great movie. I just watched this the other night.
But it is going to keep being free for life. It just wont be an option for new vehicles after January 1st. Saying it will no longer be free for life makes it sound like the people who got the free supercharging option are getting it taken away.
Schrodinger's Tots
Amazon echo and Harmony home hub will fix this and its way cheaper.
The link wasn't clear because there are like 10 blog posts in what you linked so I didn't know what you were referring to. But again this only affects vehicles ordered after January 1st. If you bought or ordered a car before then you still get free supercharging for the life of the vehicle. Which is what I said earlier. Tesla isn't going back on their promises, nor are they removing features from your car. They are simply penalizing selfish people who hog the very limited number of charging ports. 
Well to be fair with the fallout example, if there was a thread discussion about the game and all you said was "I didn't care for it" you aren't really contributing anything of substance to the conversation. If you said that it had its flaws and gave detailed reasons why you didn't like it then that would be a fair thing to add. But just saying I don't like X is pretty much meaningless. I do agree though, being downvoted for having a different opinion is annoying.
What is ending in a couple weeks?
I mean there was over a month between when episode 1 aired and when episode 5 aired and people were complaining non stop up until it aired. Keep in mind they also shoot way more than what we get to see so they have a bunch of content to choose from. Even multiple takes with multiple different deliveries. So I'm not sure if they did re edit episode 5 due to feedback. But I wouldn't be surprised if they did.
No its Milanese
And I clarified my point later on. But my point still stands. The 688 HS was not designed to be aesthetically pleasing. They took a platform that they designed to look good, as well as function, and they added stuff on to it. Not to make it look good, but to make it function better. As a result the looks of the car suffer. Like I said everyone is entitled to their opinion but it doesn't mean that people can't disagree with you. But I'm done arguing. Honestly I wasn't trying to pick apart that kid's opinion. I was just shocked that he thought that and expressed my surprise. If you want to jump down my throat and downvote all my posts then go for it. 
But I told you why I think it was ugly. I also didn't try to invalidate his opinion. I said I wasn't a fan of the fixed rear wing and that all of the aero didn't look good to me. It may be functional but I think it looks ugly. If you don't agree thats fine. This thread was about discussing how the Ford GT was beautiful. I thought it was odd that someone would look at the new Ford GT and say its not that good looking, these cars are better looking. And one of the cars he listed, in my opinion doesn't even come close. And if you look at the downvotes he received on that post it seems a bunch of other people didn't agree with him either. 
I didn't say it was fact. But if you want to get scientific and study classical design elements and what makes a car beautiful, none of them fit the 688 HS. In my opinion its really ugly and looks like something a kid designed in Need for Speed Underground.
I think there are very few haters, especially on this subreddit. We get that there are growing pains and things are certainly looking up but many people were right to criticize early episodes. In fact I wouldn't be surprised if episode 5 was reedited after hearing the backlash from the fans about the earlier episodes. Everyone wants this show to succeed and we know that there will be growing pains, but these guys are seasoned veterans of the industry so we were a bit shocked when there were so many issues with the show early on. But like I said things are looking up.
Well they aren't charging people for using the super chargers. They are still free for life. They are charging your car for occupying the space after you have utilized their free service. And given the fact that they notify you when your car is almost done charging, then again when your car is fully charged. And then give you a 5 minute grace period to move your car before you are billed, seems more than reasonable. And to be fair at $0.40 per minute I can't see someone getting bent out of shape and demanding a refund. Especially after buying a car for 120k. What would piss me off more as an owner is to see a supercharger fully occupied by some guy who's car was fully charged but is eating at a nearby restaurant for over an hour causing me to wait. 
[Looks like Sweden has 15 auto racing teams](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Swedish_auto_racing_teams)
Disclaimer on the charger. Pop up notification on the app. By using this super charger you agree to terms and conditions. etc. 
I agree. Just Jeremy promoting good clean vehicle safety. Sounds like a no brainer to me.
First the gays convert our children. Now they convert our animals. No wonder there are so many more hurricanes.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. While the fit and finish on the car is impeccable, I'm not a fan of the big fixed rear wing and all the slats. Its the same with the Veneno. Its just so much going on that it overwhelms you. 
That is Tony Soprano's fantasy
I might agree with the P1 and LaFerrari, but the McLaren 688 HS is probably the ugliest car McLaren has ever made. It looks like someone took a 675LT and ruined it with a horrible body kit. Its a fantastically brilliant car to drive. But my god is it hideously ugly.
Fun fact about Bill Gates. He's called Bill Gates because he owns a lot of gates.
He's not a car channel anymore. He said it himself. He does shitty vlogs where him, Pedro, and Farshad drive around all day screaming every time they see a BMW in LA and then they go eat.
It was funny only because it caught you off guard. Now that you know being tricked is a possibility, if they try it again the joke will fall flat.
Celebrity Brain Crash isn't funny because the concept isn't very well developed and is overused. Celebrity brain crash was funny twice. The first time where he jumped out of the airplane and his parachute didn't deploy. And in episode 5 where you thought the crate would drop on them only to have them be electrocuted. These are only funny because something unexpected happened. Not because the celebrity died. It was simply because of the surprise. And James asking "So does that mean they aren't coming on?" followed by Richard's sarcastic retort instantly kills the joke. Celebrity Brain Crash is not a funny concept. It doesn't work on any level. And the only way they can get a laugh out of that gag is to "trick the audience". Even though I was pleasantly surprised by this weeks CBC, it needs to go.
I'll just put this over here. With the rest of the fire.
Nice screen saver
[What?](http://media.tumblr.com/631641804e21a4a45810ab0dc79f6e22/tumblr_inline_mocmirmhCa1rlpk9c.gif)
Isn't that the point of the upvote/downvote system? You upvote comments that add to the conversation (whether you agree with it or not) and downvote the comments that don't add anything to the conversation at all.
I guess that's kind of cool. But do the fish swim out of the way when you get close to them? That's the real test.
All I can say is wow! What an amazing episode. Nothing felt forced. The hosts looked like they were having genuine fun. The car tests were great. The tent sections were great. The real life battle ship with the cranes was one of the most enjoyable moments of television I have seen. Hell even celebrity brain crash, which I hate with a passion, was genuinely funny. Great episode and I can't wait to see more. Between this and last weeks episode, all of my apprehension about the show has vanished and I'm confident they can pull this off.
You thought jaw BREAKERS were soft?
For the vast majority of people 250 miles of range is more than enough. If you are using the car around town, or dropping the kids off at school, or commuting to work you don't need something with a 500 mile range. And the fact that you can plug it in and top it off at home every night means that range doesn't really become a problem. Its a silly thing to complain about.
[This was posted 5 days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/5hhq4i/savagegeese_the_biggest_problem_with_modern_cars/)
You might want to edit your comment. 22 x 12=264 not 364. Which negates your point. The only point you have is the Viper refuels faster, which all ICE cars do. But that doesn't matter if you drive the car around town and charge it up every night which the majority of people who buy Teslas currently do. Also people don't buy electric cars to take them on cross country excursions. And people don't buy Vipers to take them on cross country excursions. So I don't see why the rate of refueling is even a factor.
The interior looks pretty incredible but I'm not a fan of the exterior at all. In fact the only way the exterior looks good is with that brown and black camo wrap they teased it with. I really don't see this car taking off at all. There's no plant to build them and no distribution network. By the time they start building these and delivering them to customers it will be 2020 and this will already be a 4 year old design. By then Tesla will have easily surpassed it and every other luxury manufacturer will have an electric vehicle of some sort on the road.
That panning over to the Viper while he complained about range was hysterical. 
I don't think he is talking about now. I think he is referring to both of them working in the housing sector during the collapse in 2008. There is no doubt it put financial strain on their family and they had to work very hard to get to where they are today. 
Make a genius bar appointment and they should take care of you.
https://checkcoverage.apple.com/ You can check your warranty status here.
If its under warranty they will replace it for free. If it isn't you will have to pay to have it fixed or live with it.
I think its amusing that the post saying "look how good this guy's post is" has over 4k upvotes, where as the post he is linking to has 45 upvotes.
I mean I guess they kind of look similar, but the same can be said for all mid engine super cars. If you look at the details of the cars they look nothing alike. They share the same layout and 4 wheels, that's about it.
That's great and all but do you know where the Candle Supply is?
Same here. Its a toss up between this and "The Speech" episode.
[The IT Crowd shows the best way to handle being caught using the handicapped stall.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDZzl9AyXeg)
I know thats incredibly stupid, unsafe, irresponsible, and reckless. But god damn does that look like fun. My heart started racing just watching that.
I like how the dog puts his tail off to the left to avoid the hot tail pipe. I'm sure he learned the hard way not to put it over to the right side.
Laws are put in place to protect the citizens and keep order. If a law does more harm than good then it is time to revise it. As it stands criminalizing prostitution does more harm than good. There are many places around the world that have successfully decriminalized prostitution and the benefits are clear. If rewriting the laws would create a net positive for society then I think that we need to take a hard look at that option. But the law is only part of the problem. There is a societal taboo when it comes to sex work and sex in general. I think that better sex education at an early age will go a long way to removing those taboos and allow us to grow as a society.
Im not quite sure what you are saying here. Are you saying that if the IIHS says that if the built in infotainment systems are dangerous and distract drivers, then consumers wont demand them in the cars they buy?
Honestly its not just the IIHS that wants safe cars. Consumers want safe cars. Sure some people would forgo safety features for a price reduction. But I'd say for the vast majority of car buys, especially families, safety is one of the biggest selling points of a car. No one wants to drive around in a death trap. No parent will hand the keys of an unsafe car to their child. People know that accidents happen and the "safer" their car is, the greater peace of mind they will have.
Don't you mean Le Tits Now
I always wondered this about high speed space travel. Space is mostly empty. But wouldn't hitting even a tiny piece of space debris totally destroy the ship? I know its unlikely but its not like you will be able to track an approaching small rock at 1/5 the speed of light and alter course to avoid it. So do they just plot a course for their destination and hope they don't hit something along the way? Or are there ways to mitigate/avoid damage?
They said when they were trying to bring the Nano to the US that making it pass crash tests would bring the price to between 4-5k. Still considerably cheaper than the 35k average we pay for a new car. But the american people did not want a bare bones car. And because there was no demand they decided not to bring it to the US market.
This was pretty good. But I kinda wanted X to give it to me.
He makes some good points but I think he missed the mark a little here. 1) He gives examples of how tech in cars is driving up the price of new vehicles and he is partially right. But at the end of the day there are still plenty of options on the market that are not packed to the gills with the latest technology. On top of that there are really attractive leasing options available to people. Manufacturers warranties are getting longer and cover more. The reason we have all of this tech and safety features thrown into modern cars is because consumers want it. In India they sell the Tata Nano. Its a $3,000 new car. Its completely bare bones and gets people from A to B. Which is perfect for the Indian market and is what many consumers in India want. They tried to bring it to the US and it didn't happen. Partly because the US doesn't want a dirt cheap, no frills, new car. They want safety, power, and technology, and comfort. The auto industry is building the cars consumers want. And consumers demand more stuff that drives the price up. On the plus side the second hand market will be full of affordable cars packed with technology and comfort. Also his arguments about people having to go into debt to repair their cars are a little unfounded. If spending a few hundred dollars to repair your car puts you into debt, you shouldn't be buying a new car. You shouldn't be doing a 60 month finance on your $40,000 vehicle to make the monthly payments affordable. Its not smart. That's not manufacturers fault that is the consumers fault for trying to buy something that they want but cant afford. 2) Ill agree that infotainment systems in cars are pretty garbage. But I have had cars with infotainment systems and cars without. And using an infotainment system never caused me to put myself in jeopardy. If I had to enter in a destination on the gps I did it before I started moving. If I had to adjust the volume or change the radio station I did it right on the steering wheel without having to take my eyes off the road. You cant blame the manufacturer when someone wants to read yelp reviews while they are driving. Because they are using the system in a way that was never intended and lacks common sense. I had a car with a navigation and infotainment system for 6 years. Yes by the time I upgraded cars the system did look a little dated. But functionally it worked just as well as the day I bought it. Cellphones and computers need constant updates because you use them to interact with things that are constantly being updated. Apps and websites are constantly evolving so we need our devices to update to take full advantage of the new features being offered. I don't need my infotainment updated to allow me to add another speed to my AC fan. The only reason updates are needed is when you get into installing internet connected apps. And at that point manufacturers are opting to add apple car play and android auto. They receive frequent updates and use your phone to get the data. Problem solved. 
[Rock and Roll Space Patrol Action Is Go!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbxhAZYGH3c) I first saw it on Netflix and the description looked to hilarious to pass up. The special effects are especially comical.
So that's where the phrase waffles are a girl's best friend comes from. You learn something new every day.
Chris Harris and Matt Farrah
[Michael summed it up best](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuBEP6nfBl8)
[Reminds me of this comic](http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4036/4254681996_27b1ed7ff0.jpg)

His YouTube channel is entertaining and informative. His TV show is complete garbage. They edit out all of the stuff that makes his web series so great and instead try to set up all of these "entertaining situations" for Jay. But they are all super forced and terribly done. Take a recent episode where David Lee stopped by on his TV show vs when David Lee brought his F40 to the garage. During the web series we got to look in depth at the F40 while hearing the history of the car. For the TV show we saw the 288 GTO, the F40, the F50, the Enzo, and the LaFerrari. That episode should have been miles better because they had so much more to work with. On top of that they took the 5 cars to a race track. That was a recipe for a potentially great episode. What we got was a brief overview of the cars. With the TV show and David Lee constantly reminding us how expensive these cars were. Followed by 2 minutes of the cars driving in line around the track at 40 miles per hour. Jay Leno's web series works because its mostly unscripted and usually consists of Jay talking off the cuff with someone else who is also knowledgeable about the car. The TV show doesn't work because it is terribly scripted and the whole show feels forced. 
Pretty sure Schmee addressed how he can afford all of those cars in multiple videos and on his bio page. He never said he can afford these cars on YouTube ad revenue and no one with half a brain would believe he could.

Love the MURICA sticker on the landing craft
Because you are supposed to pick it up in 1 hour. Not right then and there. But if you show up before the one hour they will usually make it for you. Allowing you to skip the 30+ people in front of you who have been patiently waiting.
What is "under" MSRP? $1 and $100,000 under MSRP are both "under MSRP". 650S spiders retail for around $285k-$350k depending on options and are listed for sale all over at around $220k. Whereas 675LTs retail for about $375k-$400k and are listed for sale at around $400k. So it seems that the limited edition is holding pretty close to MSRP vs the non limited edition is selling at almost a 30% discount. 
They made 500 LTs and 500 Spiders. They are at or around MSRP. They haven't taken a massive dive in value like the 650S. 
It gained a bigger battery, and the taptic engine. Also Apple has a history of under rating their stuff. So I wouldn't be surprised if it had better water and dust resistance than the S7. I told you the reason why they decided to remove the headphone jack. I get that you don't like it but are you just ignoring all the reasons I gave as to why they decided to drop the headphone jack? Also chromecast is not standard in new cars but bluetooth IS. You can use a bluetooth to aux adapter if your car doesn't have it. Why is that so hard to understand? They are super cheap on amazon. If you can afford a $900 phone and a phone plan that costs over $1000 per year, you can swing an extra $15-$20 on a bluetooth adapter for your car. Again you are pissed that your OLD car with OLD technology doesn't work with your NEW phone. And its not even justified because there is a fix for your issue. You just don't want to buy it. And you don't even need to. You ONLY need it if you want to play audio AND charge your phone at the same time. You're just being difficult. This issue is the biggest example of a first world problem. It is slightly inconvenient but only if you refuse to adopt new technology. Otherwise it works just fine.
But that is your experience. Myself, and I'm sure countless others, would rather have a phone with improved internals and better water resistance than an aux jack. Bluetooth headphones are cheap and plentiful. Good Bluetooth headphones are also available. Every modern car and stereo system has Bluetooth audio built in. There are hundreds of affordable adapters to make your brand new $900 phone work with your older car or older stereo system. Chromecast audio is even a cheap solution for getting whole home audio throughout your house and is arguably better than using an aux cable. Technology will always continue to advance. And along the way compromises will have to be made to make your old tech work with your new tech. Adapters aren't a new concept. They didn't just start poping up in 2016. Eventually the aux cable will die out. Other manufactures will inevitably follow suit because that is one less component they will have to put in their phones which will free up space for new stuff. I know you and other people don't like it. But an arguably better alternative to a redundant, aging, port exists. Your'e just upset because your old stuff doesn't work with your new stuff. And that seems like a kind of silly thing to complain about. Especially when every single problem talked about in this thread has a solution to it.
They will probably stay high for a while unless they come out with a 570 spider. Then everyone will want that and trade theirs in, flooding the market and driving the price down. Just like what happened to the 650 when the spider came out. And if they come out with a hard core version (unlikely) the spiders will drop. But either way prices will continue to fall when the 570 replacement comes out. Its just the way things go. Every one of those high dollar super cars depreciate like crazy especially when the replacement comes out. Because people will always want the latest and greatest. The only cars that will hold their value are the limited production run cars. The LT will probably not see a big depreciation dip but I don't see it skyrocketing in value like the 458 Speciale did. 
Because its more convenient than fumbling for a cable. You just start the car and it auto pairs. Then you tell siri to play your music. My aux cord would constantly fall down between the central tunnel and the passenger seat and sometimes get caught on the sliding tracks. I ripped one cable pulling too hard accidentally. With the adapter I can keep everything neatly tucked away. I also did this for my iphone 6 and 6s, both of which have an aux port. It was just much more convenient to use bluetooth.
*delayed reaction* OOH POOL MY LATKA
As far as your car setup I suggest picking up a bluetooth to aux receiver. Its a $20-$30 little adapter that you plug into your car via aux and that way you can stream bluetooth audio and charge your phone at the same time. I did this in my company vehicle and it worked great. It would pair with my iphone as soon as I started the car and it enabled me to run less wires around which was nice.
You fool you'll ruin it!
I don't know why we don't just ban psychics. I know many people believe in them but they are advertising a service and charging money for it. If we can scientifically prove that all psychics are frauds, and that they are knowingly deceiving their customers, we should be able to shut them down. Its no different than a company advertising that their product does something it does not. We have laws that protect consumers from false advertising. How is this any different?
You think thats bad. How about using Imagus to hover over a video or gif link to play it in a popup window, only to accidentally bump the mouse so the video disappears and you have to start all over again.
I know art is supposed to be subjective and beauty is in the eye of the beholder but this is not art. It doesn't make a statement. It doesn't evoke an emotional response. And the only reason its not a complete train wreck is the "canvas" its painted on is beautiful. This was horribly done in poor taste. And putting a picture of the car on the car....I don't even know what the hell that is. I think there is a problem in the art community about people trying to be edgy and deep by painting weird shapes and being all abstract. And the only reason people don't call them out on is because if they say, "well you just don't get it like I do" they get to feel superior. I remember reading about art critics who were unable to tell the difference between modern art and random paintings by a monkey. There was a similar story with a toddler whose finger paintings were being compared to "modern art masterpieces". At a certain point we need to stop encouraging this type of "art" as a society and build up truly great works of art. [This](http://pictures.dealer.com/r/ralphschompbmw/1477/8a15ecddcf6de3e5a38e02ca10f9ceecx.jpg) was stunning and took real skill to pull off. What this guy did here, literally any person could have done in Microsoft paint.
Thats a good strategy in the short term but in the long term, as the industry moves towards electric cars Aston will be woefully behind. What they are doing now is smart. By partnering with Mercedes they will give their cars much better tech in terms of power train, suspension setup, and infotainment. All they then have to do is keep designing gorgeous cars on top of bullet proof Mercedes engineering. 
I saw a bunch of those Call of Duty: Black Ops Jeep Wranglers driving  around my school so I'm sure people will eat these up. 
Going to the dentist. It sucks but tooth pain and missing teeth are no fun.
"Sir, we said women and children first" "DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY GENDER?"
OP also posted two pictures. In the first it looks orange, in the second it looks red. This is the same when I view it on my tv, computer monitors, iphone, and ipad. Also in the second picture where the Aston appears red the Rolls is a much more vivid blue. So they are definitely messing with the colors.
Like I said the hellcats are great cars. But you can tell the only reason they brought it along was for the joke. Hammond didn't talk about how much he loved it or why he thought it was worthy of bringing it (like he did when he picked the viper for the race to mexico). You could tell there wasn't any emotion behind the decision. It was all a big joke to paint Hammond as the obnoxious American. And to laugh at James getting annoyed at the car.
I thought my TV had a color problem because in the episode that Aston looked clearly red. Yet they kept referring to it as orange. Through your unfiltered camera lens you can actually see the color of the car. Its crazy to see how much their filtering alters the color of the shots. 
Because people who will by this (and Range Rovers for that matter) never take them off road. They will buy it because it will be as luxurious as a Phantom but with more room. The people who are buying this also wouldn't be cross shopping with a Range Rover. It'll be between this and a Bentayga.
Compared to episode 2 it was a lot better. Compared to everything else....it still wasn't that great. The jokes really didn't seem to land for me and I hate the direction they are going with the cast. Hammond having 2 trucks for tires was kind of funny. But they turned him into a giggling idiot. Much more so than he already was. And it just felt waaay too over the top. James getting irritated was funny for about a minute, but you got the sense he was over reacting and it stopped being funny quick. I didn't like the whole brown Aston bit. Mainly because the car looked red on my screen for some reason. Driving through Italy seemed like a waste because they I felt like I barely got to see the places they went to. It felt like they rushed through the towns. The shots of the country side looked absolutely gorgeous and that horse race looked really cool. But unlike other Top Gear adventures I felt like they just glossed over each area they went to, instead opting to show Hammond reving his motor and James' fake eye twitch. Conversation corner felt a little dull but its getting better. Unfortunately celebrity brain crash was still there. Hopefully it will die next week, though I doubt it. Also I think I just realized why this trip through Italy was worse that all of the Top Gear trips. For one they lacked any kind of purpose. There was no reason for them to go to Venice other than to go. They weren't trying to discover something (like the source of the Nile) or go some place that was difficult to get to (like the north pole). They were just driving. And two, there were no stakes. There were no challenges. There was no purpose other than "look at how pissed James is at Hammond". They could have shot this in any location and the results would have been the same. The Aston looked gorgeous and the Dawn was beautiful. The Hellcat is a cool car but you couldn't help but think that it was just there for a joke and not because Richard thought it was a genuinely great GT car. The blowing up the house bit was pretty great though. Overall its trending upwards. Episode one was still by far the best but three was way better than two. So we will see how the rest of the series goes. There will be 2 more seasons of this and I hope they find their rhythm soon because the way things are going so far, well I'm starting to get anxious that they will never be as good as they were on Top Gear.
I once went to Chipotle around dinner time and the line was out the door. Not wanting to wait, I opened the Chipotle app and ordered at the back of the line. I then went inside, walked right up to the register, and said I was here for my pickup order. They asked my name, printed out my ticket, and immediately made my order. Then I paid and left. I have done it one more time since. 
http://www.ebay.com/bhp/1-18-ferrari-f12 Literally took 2 seconds to google

The gps connected dynamic tuning sounds really cool in theory. But I can't imagine the system would be fast enough for racing. I feel like by the car gets to the corner and the system realizes its there and starts to adjust everything on the car, it will be around the corner by the time its done. Does anyone know how fast this system will respond?

Couldn't you also just drive an electric car powered by renewable energy too?
I had one where a woman called in where you could tell she was really confident that she knew what she was talking about but when she spoke, that obviously wasn't the case. My favorite line from her was "Yea my computer has 16 milibytes in it so its, yah know, pretty fast". Im assuming she meant it had 16GB of ram but I never did get a chance to find out.
To be fair if his car didn't have any issues he would have handily beaten Rosberg. The Chinese grand Prix kind of screwed him to start off. But the engine failure at Malasyia really put the nail in the coffin. He did everything right after that easily winning every race but it wasn't enough. Don't get me wrong I'm glad Rosberg won. Hes a good driver and its nice that he got to win the world championship like his dad. But Hamilton is clearly in a different league than Rosberg. Hamilton passing Alain Prost with 53 grand prix wins should show you what kind of driver he is. 
What the hell are you talking about? I think you quoted that from another comment. All I said was this wasn't funny. You're the one trying to prove how you have this deep, meta interpretation of how funny these jokes are. And that only someone with such a sophisticated sense of humor as yours could even hope to comprehend these jokes. These jokes are shit. Accept it and move on with your life. Stop trying to prove that you are better than everyone else.
I watched and love monty python. I watch mitchel and webb. I watch all of those BBC panel game shows like QI and would I lie to you. I loved Top Gear humor. I love the IT crowd. British humor is funny. This was not funny. It was shit lazy writing that missed the mark in every way. To the point where Jeremy Clarkson had to issue a press release to address the thousands of people who are voicing their disapproval on the poor writing job they have done so far.
At first I thought this was the Isle of Man TT. Then I saw traffic....this guys a lunatic! A very fast, very skilled, lunatic!
[People lie on the internet?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWdD206eSv0)
It just seems like you're trying too hard to seem "smarter than everyone else" because you some how find humor where there is none. Its like those people who need to project some sort of deep meaning onto a painting or film so they can seem intelligent. When in reality its just a painting. And in this case its just a joke. There is no deeper meaning. There is no subtext. It was a shit joke written by a shit writer. As evident by the rest of the shit jokes littered throughout the episode and with failed gags like "celebrity brain crash". You are of course entitled to your opinion but you come across an a condescending prick when you talk like that.
The joke didn't go over my head. It just wasn't funny. It was so terrible in fact it made me dread watching any scene that he was in. Which is the opposite effect of what you want in an entertainment show. This joke was poorly written and executed. And if the only reason why you found it entertaining is because so many people disliked it then you need to take a hard look at your life and why you find joy in others suffering.
Is that always paid out by the team or does that come from the FIA?
Car makers don't accept or condone poor driving habits. They do however understand reality and have the technology to reduce the number of accidents and deaths through automatic braking technology. It is a feature that provides inherent value to their car and are marketing it by giving use case examples where their technology would be beneficial. If you ask any manufacturer if you no longer have to pay attention in traffic or dont use the brake pedal because they have auto braking they would probably laugh at you. Even tesla which offers the most advanced "self driving" technology in the consumer market says you still need to be aware and be ready to take over at a moments notice.
Who was the hot brunette chick they showed wearing the ferrari headphones
There isn't a single line or shape on this car that resembles any corvette. Apart from the fact that it has 4 wheels.
Its a track only car. Do you ask why a formula 1 car can't get over a speed bump?
You sit there and try to figure out why someone would put a speed bump in the middle of a race track. Because this car is not road legal. It was designed to only go on track. Some however, have been modified to be used on the road. Those have an adjustable ride height with a nose lift kit so you don't scrape the splitter.
I don't know if cars are promoting unsafe driving. I'd like to think that I'm a pretty safe driver. But I can also admit that there have been a few times where I have been distracted while driving even if for a moment and had to rely on fast reflexes to save me. Like it or not human beings are not always 100% focused on the road. That's why these auto braking technologies were invented and they work. Now they aren't meant to be a replacement for good driving habits. But for those rare times when your mind may be elsewhere or you get distracted and the system jumps in and saves you from having a wreck, this system is incredible. It's hard to convey those moments in an ad without making the driver look like a complete ass. And its easy to say "well he should have just been focusing on the road" but that isn't what real life is like. That is why there are over 40,000 auto related deaths a year in the united states. And why self driving cars can't come soon enough. I don't think any of the people in these ads are thinking that the car will jump in and save them so they can just look around. It shows the drivers being flawed and having a human moment. And like it or not, hundreds of these moments happen every day across the country. Having these systems can be really attractive to offer in a vehicle, especially to families and I think these ads do a great job of showcasing them. 
Randy Pobst talks when he drives and its not annoying. Chris Harris talks when he drives and its not annoying. Matt Farrah talks when he drives and its not annoying. As for the American Top Gear guests, they were all pretty entertaining because you got to see their genuine surprised reaction to driving the car. You got to see their competitive nature come out. The American racing driver doesn't work because the writers turned him into an awful caricature of what Brits think Americans from the south are like. It isn't funny. Its just bad and lazy writing. As far as old top gear being bad in some parts, not really. Unless you count the really early stuff Top Gear was either pretty good or amazing. But you cant compare early GT to early Top Gear. Because in early top gear they were just figuring out how to do the show as they went along. With the Grand Tour, everyone involved has been doing this for decades and should know better by now. That's why expectations were so high. 
Thanks to meatspin that song will forever be ruined.
Isn't it 12k because he spent 3k to the original shop that damaged the engine. Then 9k for a full engine swap?
One thing that I have been reading which sort of puts me at ease, is that episode 2 was filmed well before episode one. And episode one was miles better than episode two. So in actuality the show is getting better. So fingers crossed it keeps trending that way. Also Jeremy said in episode one that there would be a big focus this season on cars with the exception of episode two. So this episode really might just be a fluke.
The problem with Tanner is hes too big of a personality to be relegated to a 30 second slot every episode. Hes better off doing his own show or just sticking to racing. They either need a racing driver who doesn't talk ever. Or they need to bring the driver into the studio to give their impressions of the car afterwards. Talking while driving completely ruins the experience. It only really worked in the star in the reasonably priced car but that was because you were seeing someone famous out of their comfort zone. Skinner is just bad one liners that ruin the moment. And I don't think hes even salvageable at this point. They need to axe him completely and start from scratch.
The eboladrome really is a let down. They needed to either get another airfield or spend money on a real race track. Its such an important part of the show and I feel like they really skimped on it. 
That wasn't American humor. That was bad British writing.
How can you say American's don't "don't understand/like dry British wit"? I thoroughly enjoyed Top Gear when it was run by the same people as the Grand Tour. Those three were funny on top gear. They were funny in episode one. And they were horrendously terrible in this episode. Don't try to pretend that the jokes were "too high brow" for an American audience. Also as far as the Skinner guy goes he is absolutely playing a caricature of what Brits think of the south. I have been to the south and I have never in all my life heard someone call a V6, V10, or V12 engine communist. No one says that. That is what ignorant Brits think all Americans sound like. His accent is southern. His lines are painfully obviously scripted. And they were written by someone who is utterly incapable of writing a joke. And I'll bet you anything the imbecile that came up with the Skinner character was responsible for the abomination that is "Celebrity Brain Crash".
Well it makes it so power and down force aren't a factor. Which is what cars need to rely on to go faster around a circuit. Its hard to measure a cars full performance when the track is small and narrow. And given that there is no runoff or curbs the driver will probably only push the car to 80% for fear of putting it in the trees. In all it makes for a slower, more neutered lap where we will never see the full capability of the car being tested. And if that's the case then whats the point of the track at all?
Honestly don't bother with this one. It's best to pretend this episode never happened.
Well I'll add that to the list of websites I'm never visiting again. Auto play video with sirens blaring as soon as the page loads. And the text is blurred out until you disable ad block and refresh the page. No thanks.
I have high hopes too. I know it will be amazing given enough time. I'm just disappointed that is isn't very good right now. Regardless of how long it takes I will still watch every episode.
The first episode of the Grand Tour was rough. It had a decent amount of good content with a decent amount of stuff that was just terrible. Episode 2 had one sort of entertaining line in the entire 1 hour show. But this isn't a new show. Its the same presenters, doing the same kind of content, with most of the producers and crew of the old show. So there is no reason why they shouldn't be able to produce something of equal or greater quality to the old show. Especially considering they have 4.5x the budget of the old show. 
But we will never know because they glossed over so much of the car they may as well have not even showed the damn thing. Which is a shame because I would love to see what cool thing the local guy built at each location they go to.
I'm American and I laughed one time at "everyone's dead" and even then it was more of a slight chuckle. This isn't American style humor. This is bad writing pure and simple.
I know exactly what you mean about the eboladrome. The problem is the track is too narrow and looks like a small paved path that runs through the property. It doesn't look like a race track at all. And because the corners are so narrow, you can't get those great drifting shots of the car that they used to get on the massive air field on Top Gear. The eboladrome was a bad choice of track for the show and I can see it severely hamstringing car reviews in the future. When an 850 HP, purpose built track car only beats a 600 HP convertible road car by 2.4 seconds I feel like there is a problem with the track. It is too slow and tight to get the maximum performance out of the really top end hyper cars so the gap between them and other sports cars is narrowed significantly. So we will see cars of pretty big performance differences all lumped to within a second or two of each other. 
Well the old top gear episodes were rough because the trio were relatively new to presenting on the TV show. They were still trying to find out what works and what doesn't. And they had less say in what the content was, where as later on in top gear the three had a major say in everything from the writing to the challenges. After decades together producing the number one car show in the world, its safe to assume that they know enough of what they are doing to not make the rookie mistakes that new shows often make. So in theory they should be brilliant right out of the gate. Which is why networks were bidding enormous sums of money to buy their show. Because people not only expected greatness from them, but had the confidence in their abilities to achieve greatness right away. 


I really hate to say this but apart from 1 or 2 lines out of the entire episode I just plain didn't like it. The intro music is terrible, the studio bits were off topic and barely car related. The Special Forces film had failed joke after failed joke. And cars felt like an after thought. The celebrity brain crash thing is awful and needs to die in a fire. The Vulcan review which I was looking forward to since they started teasing the Grand Tour was really bad. The commentary on the car wasn't particularly interesting. They focused too much on how a purpose built track monster wasn't as practical as a road car. Honestly Chris Harris' review of the Vulcan on the new new Top Gear was miles better. And the redneck racing driver ruined every shot of the car as soon as he opened his mouth. Apart from the "everyone's dead" line I don't think I laughed at all. And the replica car was pretty interesting but they barely covered it and it amounted to, "So you built this yourself?" "Yep" "And it works and everything?" "Yep" "Good job" "Thanks". I mean why even show it if you don't bother going into any detail about it. Also the James May bit going out and exploring local car culture has a lot of potential. But they reduced that to just a joke. Oh look at Mr. Boring Slow Driver trying to be hip with the kids. It was pathetic to see James constantly be used as the butt of the joke. Poking fun between the three is fine. But I feel like that is James' entire contribution to the show now which is a complete shame. Visually the show looked good but that's easy to do with $50,000 4k cameras and someone even remotely competent controlling it. The show was just so scripted and forced I couldn't enjoy any of it. Honestly the 30 second teaser clips they released on youtube where the three are standing around shooting the shit was infinitely more entertaining than an hour of what they produced in this episode. I really hate to bash these guys because I absolutely loved Top Gear and I know these three are capable of producing some phenomenal entertainment. I just really hope this episode was a fluke and it gets better from here. 


That redneck racing driver thing just isn't working. Get a completely different driver. Have him or her do the lap in silence with Jeremy narrating. Then come into the studio and give their impressions of the car. That way you get around the silent racing car driver with none of the awkwardness of the current hillbilly schtick. 
But due to different peak power curves the Regera develops 1500 peak horse power
Your example of the GT350R only having the gearbox set up for left hand drive is because Ford did not plan on selling the cars to RHD markets so there was no need spending R&D money to retool the mechanicals of the car for a RHD setup. It is absolutely possible, it just wasn't cost effective to do so. But the fact still remains that every Formula 1 car with a manual transmission had the gear lever on the right. Every RHD grand prix car had the transmission on the right. If the designers of every single significant race car in the history of the automobile purposely chose to put the gear shifter to the right of the driver, wouldn't that mean it is in the optimal place? Don't you think if it were more efficient to shift with the left hand while driving with the right, Formula 1 teams would have adopted that layout. Or if it wasn't important they would put it on either side of the driver depending on weight distribution? In a sport where every gram and millimeter of the car is gone over to find even a fraction of a second advantage, it would make sense that they would test the optimal driving layout of the cabin. And considering that 90% of countries adopt this driver layout seems to suggest that there is some merit to the system. Also to your second point about it being safer to drive on the left side of the road "although he acknowledged that the sample of left-hand rule countries he had to work with was small". You can prove pretty much any point with a small sample size. So I wouldn't say this is a very definitive study. This RHD is clearly a British thing because the 17 other countries that also follow the RHD rule were at one point controlled by the British Empire. And they controlled a lot more than 17 countries. I'm just trying to get to the bottom of why in England, despite the popularity of the driver to the left of the gear lever, do they insist on placing the gear lever to the left of the driver. Why stick with RHD when literally everyone else chose to go LHD? Is it a metric system vs imperial system all over again? Where the inferior one was adopted first and they just didn't change it because the people couldn't be bothered to relearn the new system?
Seeing as how in motor sport, changing gears needs to be fast and precise, I'd say changing gear with your dominant hand would be faster and far more accurate than changing with your non dominant hand requiring you to spend less time with your hands off the wheel. Hence why every purpose built racing car with a manual transmission has you shifting with your right hand. Even the old grand prix cars from the 30s that were right hand drive had the gear lever to the right of the driver on the outside of the car.
Debatable. While robots will no doubt eventually be better at working than humans, we still will have to deal with the implications of what will humans do when they aren't needed in the workforce? How will that effect the economy? Surely everyone cant be artists and philosophers. So how will we earn a living? Will we have to get rid of the concept of money? What will that do to innovation? Its an interesting thing to ponder but politicians don't care about the long term. They care about getting results fast so when they need to start campaigning they can point at something and say look what I did. Not, just give it 20 more years and we will see the benefits. If Trump can get a company as big as Apple to move manufacturing jobs from China back to the US that will be a massive win that will gain him enormous favor among the voters. Whether it makes financial or logistical sense to do or not.  
Because its something cute that the kids can watch. It also humanizes the President and makes him look favorable to the people. And they probably pick the bird that looks best on tv and has a quiet temperament so it won't freak out while reporters are taking pictures. Otherwise its a pointless and meaningless tradition.
Or count the trees you cut down and plant the equivalent all over the island. Building a floating platform would be a nightmare. Not to mention maintaining and working on it.
[The thing about Arsenal is they always try and walk it in.](https://youtu.be/msN7HNncHik?t=135)
Or you word the tax cuts as, for every manufacturing job you bring to the US you get a tax credit. That way even if they switch to a robotized manufacturing plant they wont receive the tax benefits since they arent employing any people.
You also say its easier to shift with your non dominant hand. But why did all right hand drive racing cars have the gear lever on the right hand side? And when Formula 1 had manual gear boxes, the stick was to the right of the driver. 
Yea I get that. But when the car was invented they could have just mandated the lanes switched and all cars should be left hand drive.
No I was saying more along the lines of by making the cars right hand drive you are making people shift with their non dominant hand and that doesn't really make sense. So why even make a right hand drive car in the first place?
more than you can afford pal
Thats what I thought too but the light is still yellow and it looks like hes about to gun it through the intersection.
That really blew me away. But 5 seconds quicker than the 675lt is just immense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkt8yUrhpl4
It sounds like you keep your phones for a while. So if you buy a 6S and replace it in 2-3 years it will be 3-4 year old hardware. Where as with the 7 it will be only 2-3 years old. Both are great phones and you will be happy with either right now. I'd say spend the extra $100 on the newer phone. It'll last longer and you'll probably enjoy it for longer.   
Why is the momma dog barking aggressively while wagging her tail like she is playing?
That siren on the other hand....
Your'e going to want to upgrade the Johnson Rod for sure. The one that comes with the car just doesn't cut it and they almost always fail.
I like how they took Head2Head from Motor Trend. Even didn't space it out just like they do.
Cant wait! On the drive channel or your Smoking Tire channel?
I honestly can't wait for that Vulcan video they teased in episode one. Also the Bugatti Chiron would be pretty amazing to see. 
I think there's something wrong with this video. Its all text and none of the pictures will move. Plus I can't even hear the damn thing. /s
Well considering it was still a shit hole when they hosted the Olympics, even after they had years to prepare for the eyes of the world descending on them pretty much proves it. Look at the coverage of Brazil during the Olympics. Infrastructure falling apart, riots, corruption, pollution, poverty, crime. Apart from women with nice asses that country has nothing of value to offer the world. 
Travesty is a bit harsh. Brazil is a shit hole. Teams and athletes are regularly robbed there. The country is filled with crime and corruption. There are like 2 nice places in the whole country and those are solely because they are funded by tourist money. You take tourism and foreign investment away from Brazil and it the whole place can be pretty much written off.
That worked! You're the best!
Is there a way to get rid of the space ship elevator music?
It plays over the PS1 sound and kind of ruins it.
Wait you know the hacker known as 4chan?
Overall I thought it was great. That scene where Jeremy is driving in the mustang and you see his face light up when James and Richard show up almost brought me to tears. The rest of the intro seemed a bit underwhelming only because of how much they hyped how much they spent on it. Im sure logistically it was a nightmare coordinating all of those cars and people but it kind of felt boring. The Holy Trinity segment was amazing and it was everything I hoped it would be out of a top gear movie. They nailed that. The scenes in the tent and that new American Stig was a big let down though. The celebrity joke went on for too long, the fighting with the audience was pretty terrible and the American stig was just plain awful. I really hope they dont use him ever again because he just plain doesn't work. Part of what made the old stig great was he was just an instrument to measure the cars. If they could get a robot to drive the car they would. This guy its like 30 seconds of great tracking shots interrupted by "hurr durr this communist car dun got too little cylinders" All in all though I thoroughly enjoyed it and cant wait to see more.
Overall I thought it was great. That scene where Jeremy is driving in the mustang and you see his face light up when James and Richard show up almost brought me to tears. The rest of the intro seemed a bit underwhelming only because of how much they hyped how much they spent on it. Im sure logistically it was a nightmare coordinating all of those cars and people but it kind of felt boring. The Holy Trinity segment was amazing and it was everything I hoped it would be out of a top gear movie. They nailed that. The scenes in the tent and that new American Stig was a big let down though. The celebrity joke went on for too long, the fighting with the audience was pretty terrible and the American stig was just plain awful. I really hope they dont use him ever again because he just plain doesn't work. Part of what made the old stig great was he was just an instrument to measure the cars. If they could get a robot to drive the car they would. This guy its like 30 seconds of great tracking shots interrupted by "hurr durr this communist car dun got too little cylinders" All in all though I thoroughly enjoyed it and cant wait to see more.
Welcome to Costco. I love you.
Wasn't that rumor squashed months ago?
That site is cancer. 3 popup spams asking me to subscribe and to get notifications. And thats with adblocker on. I can only imagine how bad it is without adblock.
You can do anything you want. Hell you can fuck it too if that's what you're into.
Honestly I don't think this is a big problem. If you are a subscriber to a channel it doesn't matter if the video doesn't show up on the recommended page because all you have to do is go to your subscriptions and its right there. The bigger problem I see on YouTube is the recommendations algorithm itself. I watch a lot of car based content in YouTube. I like to see that in my feed. Very occasionally I'll watch an SNL skit that gets posted on Reddit, and for the next day or two my recommendations is full of shit channels with ripped tv show clips all in small windows or recorded on their cell phone. Its annoying to have to click not interested on dozens of videos and channels and "you see this because you watched...". Its so annoying it feels like its impossible to find good content because the second you click on something you are tangentially interested in thats all you get recommended forever and 90% of the stuff they recommend to you is garbage content anyways.
I thought it was amusing to watch him do 120+mph in a 35 then wait patiently at a stoplight while the helicopter shined their light on him.
Basically yea. Even McLaren make most of their money off of selling technology and services rather than cars and racing. Thats why they are called McLaren Technology Group.
They cut the ears to shape when they are young before the cartilage has a chance to stiffen. [Then they take a post inserted in the ear and take the ear around the post to hold it into shape.](http://www.kimbertal.com/sites/all/files/kimbertal/images/bind-1.jpg) You have to change the post and tape regularly for a few weeks until it holds its final shape. 
Yea but its not in MLA format so we will have to doc some points.
They also license their technology to other auto manufacturers. Same as Rimac.
Or just leave him alone on the uninhabited island
The same can be said for Rolls Royce yet they gave us the Phantom drophead coupe, the Wraith, the Dawn, and the Ghost Black badge. There is clearly a market for these cars.
From what I can tell, unique color combos (limited to 3), redesigned all chrome front grille, new wheels, maybach badges on exterior and interior, says 1/300 on cup holder and steering wheel, and Swarovski crystals in the headlights. So a whole bunch of useless stuff that doesn't make it any better than the car its based off of.
I completely agree. I guess when I am asking if its justified its based on the history. This being the second GTO ever built and the first GTO ever raced, does that make it more valuable than some of the other GTOs that have sold in the past? Is this a desirable GTO or are there more sought after examples out there? Every GTO has a story and a history and that can deeply effect the value. So given this car's history do you think this car is worthy of being the most expensive car ever sold? Or is the pricing a little too ambitious? 
Agreed
I'm sure the car is amazing but I have a hard time telling the Maybach versions apart from the regular S-class models they are based on. I feel like you could just max out an S-class and save yourself 50 grand and get pretty much the same experience. Also a $320,000 car that is designed to compete against Rolls Royce and you can only choose 3 colors? And you cant even change the interior color it comes with? Seems a little silly. 
You could rig up an electric motor and turn it into a hybrid. That would be pretty cool. Give your 2004 civic a KERS like system with an Ipas button. And an adjustable wing so you can trigger drs.
They under priced it to incentivize people to sign up for it which leads them to tell all of their neighbors how great the speeds are and how much they are able to do on the internet now. Then when enough demand is there they raise the price to something that better justifies the cost of upgrading the infrastructure. Its pretty common in business when entering new markets. Sell the product at a lower rate to build demand then raise the price to levels that are sustainable once demand is high enough. 
I'd be very interested in what you have to say in an AMA
Space Black SS* . Space Gray is Aluminum only.
I remember watching an interview with Christian where he says he will build you a helicopter if you gave him enough money.
Isn't this Top Gear magazine? The one that pretty much operates independently from the TV show?
4th graders are 9, 6th graders are 12 so its a little better but not ideal. 
I think the more important question is why are fourth graders being taught about Nazi Germany and genocide? Isn't that a little heavy for such a young child to comprehend? I mean of course you should never ignore history, but shouldn't mass killings be talked about in high school, when the kids are old enough to where it won't scar them for life and they can better appreciate the gravity of what happened?

He really is. If you're interested, check out his YouTube channel, "Jay Leno's Garage"
or include the usb-c to lightning in every macbook, since 90+% of macbook owners probably own an ios device. and on a $3000 machine the added cost would be justified.
It was never a problem when all the macbooks came with USBA and all of the iphones and ipods were 30 pin. The only reason you have an issue is because apple includes a cable in the box with the iphone where one side is usb-a and one side is lighting. Since the vast majority of computers, power bricks, and car chargers people own use usb-a that is the best choice. For everyone else if you really need to charge your iphone off your macbook you can buy an extra cable for $20 on amazon. Once usb-c takes off we will see apple including usb-c to lightning cables in the box. I doubt they will ditch lighting. Its a more robust cable, and iphones dont need thunderbolt level data transfer speeds. Plus if they drop lighting it will be a massive shit storm just like when they switched to 30 pin. 
A lot of people seem to be giving you some crap about the color combination and it appears to be bumming you out a little. At the end of the day taste is subjective. If you look at the car and to you its beautiful, that is all that matters. Some people love Picasso's paintings and think they are beautiful. [So much so that someone paid $179.4 million dollars for this one.](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iD8cP7oTIxZo/v5/800x-1.jpg) To me though I wouldn't pay more than $5 for it because I think it is hideous. Everyone has different tastes and no one way is right. You and your dad speced the car together in a way that you loved. Don't ever feel bad about that. Congrats on the car man.
Check the comment below you. Its been there for over an hour before you posted this.
Pretty great but their are draw backs. On the one hand my penis is now 13 inches. On the other hand my doctor hates me. So you have to learn to take the good with the bad.
[So simple, yet so funny](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofV_iFBw2YE)
A lot of what executives make come from bonuses. While an exec might make $900k in salary, if the company does well financially they might receive an annual bonus of several million dollars. This means if the exec wants that big bonus at the end of the year they need to find ways to make the company profitable. So if they want to cut costs, payroll is a great place to start. Unfortunately some managers go overboard with this making working conditions unbearable for their employees all in the name of hitting sales goals or maximizing profit. You're right though, the 20 million dollar CEO salary isnt the sole problem, its the thousands of executives all with 6,7, and even 8 figure bonuses that add up to the problem. 
I imagine the interior would be 100% customizable at that price point. That or its a scam
Why would you need 4 built in microphones in an iPad?
I'm assuming the Matthew McConaughey ones
You're not alone. Tens of millions of Americans think Trump is an absolute joke. And all around the world the general consensus is he's a laughing stock. Trump lost the popular vote in America. He is not the more popular candidate. What is scary is he used an "us vs them" argument to scare people into voting for him and it's amazing how many seemingly intelligent people fell for it. 
Being old does not excuse ignorance and bigotry. You know what else they used to do back then? Round up black people and hang them from trees. If a group of old white men today went around lynching black people the appropriate reaction isn't "well they come from an era where that was ok so we should just let it slide". Yes he wants to do some good things. But your question was why do people not like him? I told you why. And the fact that people are willing to look past that and sweep it under the rug it reprehensible. Regardless of how you feel, Donald Trump is an objectively bad human being. He was the least qualified candidate to run in this election.  Yet people used your reasoning to vote him into office. I'm dumbfounded by how much ignorance that shows. 
Makes fun of handicapped people, treats women like objects, says vulgar things in public, gets in petty "twitter wars" with people, says terrible things about the people who immigrate to the US, talked about keeping out all Muslims trying to enter the country because they might be terrorists, doesn't believe in evolution, doesn't believe in climate change, wants to repeal all emission regulations, wants to make abortion illegal, wants to shut down planned parenthood, has little actual knowledge of foreign policy. Those are just a few that I can name off the top of my head, I'm sure theres more. But if you cant see why people hate this guy then you haven't been paying attention for over a year. Countless tv shows, news networks, celebrities, scientists, economists, and wealthy business men have been pleading with the public not to elect this man because it would be horrible for this country yet millions of Americans ignored that. 
Its a decent attempt at black face. You just need to make the lips funny and then you'll be there.
Mashed Potatoes. I thought they were disgusting as a kid. Now its one of my favorite things to eat.
So you showed her the ways of the secular flesh?
Did anyone else notice at then end where they put all the bad giants on a deserted island and made a big point of giving them plenty of vegetable seeds which they hate? Despite the fact that there is no shelter on the island. Nothing to burn to keep warm. No fresh water source. And they are surrounded by salt water. They will surely die out there. It seems like a pretty dark ending. They would have been better off shooting them in giant country. At least give them a quick death. 
More like improperly detailed.

But Sandy Plankton said they only live to be about a hundred years old!
Well for me at least the reason I hate watching F1 in the states is NBCSN. I feel like more than half the race is B-roll and commercials. Its infuriating. Its even worse when they split screen the commercial but mute the race and you see something exciting has happened but you can't tell what. Then 2 minutes later when the commercials end you think "great I will get to see a replay of what just happened" but they cut to more B-roll. Its so infuriating I almost don't want to watch anymore. That and in the US if you want to watch a euro race you have to wake up at 3am. 
Can we get a TLDW please?
What will happen to these cars? Will they auction them off?
Apparently you can remove the roof on a One:1 it just takes some effort. And due to the roof scoop you cant store it in the front of the car. 
It works on a watch because you can reverse the watch for left and right handed people. You cant reverse the phone without changing a bunch of stuff. 
Avatar: The Last Airbender . I just finish watching this for the fourth time and every single time I am amazed by the story and characters in this "children's cartoon"
#WATERCOLORCAMERAGATE!
That website looks like its from 1997
This would be a brilliant marketing tactic for a local Halloween decoration shop. I can imagine the majority of people who received this letter would think "Fuck this guy next year I'm putting up double the decorations!" thus playing right into their hand. 
"I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not" -Adolf Hitler


In the beginning the Universe was created.
This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.” 
― Douglas Adams
“Faster, Faster, until the thrill of speed overcomes the fear of death.”
― Hunter S. Thompson


I know right. But at least they cut it for something important....like figure skating...
Say what you want about the controversy of the decision but that was one hell of a finish!
He said "Fuck Charlie. Seriously fuck Charlie"
Microsoft says my working 2009 MacBook pro will only go for $200. And if its not working they wont take it. So its "up to $650" so basically if you trade us your $2000 laptop we will give you $650 in store credit. Doesn't seem like too great of a deal. 
[We had a deal!](https://youtu.be/xPCZtrac-Ss?t=8)
Those Duke boys are at it again.
Some say the rapper Birdman bought it for $8 million [but never actually paid for it](http://www.motorauthority.com/news/1064901_rapper-birdman-hasnt-paid-for-8-million-maybach-exelero) so I'm not sure who owns it.
[And here they are in full costume](https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--o-TCvNX1--/c_scale,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800/s0ixsm6wrha6qcbkdsdg.gif)
It's got metal on all sides. The first time in a Ma....wait
There's only one place to watch tv and that's the Apple TV app....except Netflix. You'll probably just use Netflix. 
MR. F
Phuck Joe Buck
They only pulled in 217 Billion in revenue this year. Whats even the point of staying in business then? Apple might as well pack up shop.
They really are. Its hilarious to watch my tiny Jack Russell chase them around at the dog park.
Just give her a Forget Me Now^TM
Well this was poorly designed. "Alexa turn on my Playstation" - "I'm sorry that device doesn't exist" "Alexa turn on Playstation" - "Ok"

How is that a natural way to interact with something?
I emailed him asking what was wrong with the car. He didn't respond yet.
Man F1 cars used to sound so good.
The people who clean up murder scenes.
That looks amazing except for the awful glass color. Can anyone photos hop the glass tinted black or something so we can see how good it would look as a normal car. 
The [Cadillac Ciel](http://st.motortrend.com/uploads/sites/5/2011/11/Cadillac-Ciel-Concept-Right-Front-Angle.jpg) and the [Cadillac El Miraj](http://image.motortrend.com/f/future/concept_vehicles/1308_cadillac_elmiraj_concept_first_look/56551306/cadillac-elmiraj-concept-front-three-quarter.jpg) would win out for me. They are two really stunning concepts that look completely usable and great to drive. 
ITT not enough pictues
The first good looking P1 GTR I have seen. All of the rest have some ridiculous color combination and dumb stickers all over them. The McDonalds livery is particularly hideous.
Its still pretty unbearable. Its really distracting watching tiny race cars in the upper right hand corner while someone is screaming at you to buy their product for 3 minutes. The noise and commentary is part of what makes racing great. When you take that away there's not much left to enjoy. Especially when something exciting happens like a crash or a big over take and you are sitting there for over two minutes trying to figure out who was involved or what happened only for them to cut to a 30 second full screen picture of cows grazing.  
That balloon pop gave me quite a fright.
I was going to come here and ask if anyone else noticed that. This woman totally ruined the show. Every time there was a laugh from the audience sure enough the screeching seagull of a woman killed the joke. How did they not notice that during taping and tell her to shut up or get out? 
The people who actually care will know the difference by the look of the car and don't have to go by a sticker. Also the giant fucking wing is a dead give away...
Those SVs looks so much better without that big gawdy SV sticker on the side. I don't know why people spec that let alone pay $5000 extra for stickers.
The [1954 Mercedes-Benz W196 R Streamliner](http://www.conceptcarz.com/images/Mercedes-Benz/MB_W196R_Streamliner-DV-09-AI-005.jpg) is 63 years old and still looks stunning.
I have to disagree. The XJ220 is arguably one of the most dated looking cars in existence. The interior especially.   Still a great car though. 
Wouldn't Senna do the same thing as Ves? He would put both drivers in a situation where if the other driver didn't back off they would both crash. He did it a lot if I remember correctly.

Did you make an omelette?
Does anyone know what the black dots are on the orange front bumper of the P1 GTR are? I noticed the McLaren F1 has them too. I was always curious as to what they are.
How to tie different kinds of knots
Does it feel staticy when you run your hand over it?
I know I'm just joking because he says it like 2-3 times per video and it seems a little silly. But in all fairness he is providing free videos that are unique, informative, and entertaining and if it means a few seconds to plug the place where he earns a living then I'm not too worried about it. 
What is the new website he writes for? I can't tell because he doesn't plug it enough in his new videos. 
Why spend all that money completely redoing the body in carbon fiber only to paint over it so no once can tell?
So there really are Elders of the internet?
Oh. My. God.
Lincolns don't sell because they are ugly.
Not that I'm in the market for any of these cars but if I had to say, I think Cadillac used to be considered not that great but their new lineup is really good. Though it will take a few generations of vehicles to get over the stigma that they once held. As for Lincoln, they aren't selling because they make some of the ugliest cars in existence. [This for example looks like a bland generic SUV with a hideous grill.](http://blog.caranddriver.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/2015-Lincoln-MKC-placement-626x382.jpg) Ford makes some pretty stunning cars but until they fire the designers over at Lincoln they don't have a prayer at being successful outside the Chinese market (for some reason).
The Lemans winning Ford GT engine? The flat plane crank v8 from the GT350 and 350r? The upcoming engine from the GT500 should be pretty amazing too. 

There are like 15 versions of 911s right now. Not to mention the 918, Panamera, Cayene, Macan, 718 Boxter, 718 Cayman and all those variants that goes along with them. Plus all of the options that you can add onto the car. I'm pretty sure being a Porsche salesman is just as complicated as being a chevy salesman.
I thought this was going to be sugar and they would pour it into a cake mix. This was funny too I guess.
As long as its classy black face like Lawrence Olivier
I live them too <3
[You could get something like this for $300](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0098ISYGC/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B0098ISYGC&linkCode=as2&tag=gardensheds05-20&linkId=VFPPMKE73RQMEG3S)
Shut up you're crying
I think the biggest thing thats missing in home automation is reliability. Nothing is worse than having people over and telling Alexa to turn something on and nothing happens, or 2 out of 3 lights turn on. I just wish it would always work. 
This system sounds really dumb.
I was asking more along the lines of a hypothetical, your car breaks down on the side of the road and you pop the hood and try to fix it there. Where would someone start?
Can you give some specific examples of some sounds that might tip you off to a potential problem?
Is that next to the Johnson rod?
Balls of steel
[Elon did](http://i.imgur.com/EgPuWm5.png)
So why was this considered part 2 of the model 3 unveiling? Don't get me wrong autonomous driving is cool, but I was under the impression they were showing off the interior of the model 3 and how it drives and all of that stuff. This was really underwhelming by comparison. 
Ladies
Ive never been to a drag strip but is drag racing really that hard? Or are these guys inexperienced?
I'm pretty sure Tesla said all of the people who went to apple were the worst engineers in the company and were either fired or about to be before they left.
I was 12 and she looked pretty.
[It was this keyboard attachment](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/41Eu%2BTFfYOL._SX385_.jpg). It was mainly used for quickly typing in game chat which was cumbersome if you had to use the onscreen keyboard. The ps3 also had a web browser and as I didn't have a computer in my room at the time since I was young, this served as a computer. It was actually a pretty good keyboard. It was quick to type on yet out of the way. And the keys were touch sensitive so you could slide your finger across the keys to control the mouse cursor in the web browser which I thought was really cool.
Your video was taken down for copyright reasons. And maybe they do that but as far as the baking in an oven thing I guess I was referring to [this part](http://nebula.wsimg.com/obj/OTY5NkY5RTVDQjQzM0QyREZGODQ6ZjRlYmRhMjQ4NDkxYjliNjcxNDM5OGYyZDg1NjMzNmQ6Ojo6OjA=) which I do know was baked in an oven like thing. 
I had just gotten a new keyboard attachment for my PS3 controller and wanted to test it out so I jumped on PlayStation home and walked around and chatted with people. My avatar was an attractive girl I should point out. So anyways I walked into the bowling alley and sat down next to this random person and struck up a conversation with him. Nothing crazy, just chatting. I really liked this new keyboard. Anyways in the middle of our conversation some other player in a wife beater walks over and starts to hit on me. I should point out that at no point had I said I was a girl, I just had a girl avatar. This new guy starts saying some pretty lewd things and the person I was chatting with literally gets out of the chair and gets in this guys face telling him to "get lost" and "the lady is taken". It was so absurd to see this person about to fight in a video game over a fictional female I couldn't stop laughing. After the new guy walks away I jokingly decide to play the female part. I thank this player for saving me from that jerk and its so annoying to be hit on by creeps like that all the time. We talked for about an hour and in this short time span he started to reveal more personal things about himself. He talked about how he didn't have much luck with women and how he wasn't able to last long in bed. As the conversation went on it got more sad and I began to feel sorry for this person so I said I had to go and logged off for the night. I logged on to my PlayStation the next day and was greeted with a bunch of messages from this player asking where I'd been and if I wanted to join him on PlayStation home again. I felt a little creeped out by the sheer amount of messages so I ignored them and played some other game. This went on for several days and after a while I got tired of being spammed and replied to this person "pretending to be her brother" and told him my sister was using my PlayStation just for that one night and she went back to college and wouldn't be home for a few weeks but I'd tell her he was asking about her. He stopped bothering me after that. But it really put into perspective what some women have to deal with on a day to day basis.

TL:DR - I tried to test out my new keyboard in a game and ended up getting harassed for several days.  
When heated titanium turns a bluish purple color. The maker of the exhaust bakes the exhaust in an oven to change the color.
I'm not your dad but I think steel boils at this temperature so I would get out. Perfect!
Oil, water, gravel in the road. Or just hesitated through the turn and dropped it. It happens to people.
Nerds
There's no replacement for displacement
Plus I'm sure the owner has multiple homes and wont be at the house where his 918 is for a few months so he let them keep it at the dealership instead of sitting in a garage.
Especially when you can get a brand new Chiron for about 3 million with 4 years of maintenance thrown in for free.
Planet Earth 2: This Time Its Personal
-Ferrari LaFerrari Aperta
-Ferrari F12 TDF
-Ferrari GTC4Lusso

I like Ferraris
I think this car is up there for the ugliest car ever made. Even if it has a brilliant drive train, I can't see them selling many if it looks like that. It looks like a concept car from the 90's.
I hate to say it but you're probably SOL. Unless you have dash cam footage of it happening I cant see anyways for you to prove that the rock came from their truck and didn't happen before. And even if it came from the direction of the truck it could be argued that the tires kicked up a loose rock which they wouldn't be liable for. I could see if maybe your car was sprayed with a bunch of gravel you'd have a chance but a single rock hitting your car is tough to prove the origin. 
The cocky son of a bitch is even winking!
[Those gold and chrome car wraps](https://sc01.alicdn.com/kf/HTB17_VAHXXXXXXcXFXXq6xXFXXXh/201819440/HTB17_VAHXXXXXXcXFXXq6xXFXXXh.jpg)
I just watch them for the profamity.
hence the knockoff
I'm pretty sure the [Zenvo ST1](http://pictures.topspeed.com/IMG/crop/201508/2010-zenvo-st1-6_600x0w.jpg) wins this.
Its a normal scooter, that's just a really poorly made Chinese car. Knockoffs with terrible build quality.
Unthinkable
Wow Adam Corolla was extremely painful to listen to. The top gear guys were great as usual though. 
Isn't that a federal crime?
Why are there Ferrari shields on the two Alfas?
Pretty much every movie released is pirated pretty quickly, I doubt this would change much.
Why is Joey Fatone in this music video? 
I completely agree. Lately his videos are getting really hard to watch, like the one where they went to china town and made fun of their Asian friend the entire time. What should have been a one time 30 second joke turned into 15 minutes of cringe that had very little to do with cars. He needs to go back to his old format quick or I fear people are going to start losing interest. Also he needs to never use the word delicious ever again when describing cars. 
So that's why my computer has been a complete piece of shit lately. Every single time I try to download a file or open up the file management system my computer completely locks up. I really hope they fix this soon because it's driving me crazy. 
70 ways to ruin a Ferrari. 
Part of the reason to use a human over a computer for vehicle testing is the human can convey the emotions of their experiences in a way a computer can't. While a machine might be 2 seconds faster around a track than a racing driver, we wouldn't know what it's like to experience the car at full tilt. Also some cars are easier to drive fast while others might be a handful. It is only when you put a person behind the wheel that you can tell how the car behaves and feels. I have given up on lap times as a metric. I tend to use them as a general approximation of how fast a car is. But when comparing cars I tend to favor the opinion of the people driving the things over performance metrics. 
Those disjointed C pillars like on the Nissan Altima and the Aston Martin DB11. IMO it's the ugliest design that breaks up a beautiful line in the car and looks really cheap.  
It's not that it can't. They want to build a reliable road car that doesn't have to have an engine rebuild every few thousand miles. So limiting the revs and defining the engine will lead to a car that is much more reliable and still be exciting. Also 11k rpm in a road car is still really impressive. 
because instead of buying the car for 7 he tried to buy it for 1k with 2k worth of work, thats a 4k profit if he tries to resell it after he fixes it.
The women should wear the hajibs with yamaka graphics on top of them.
Is Aziz proud of his big sister?
Was that wrong? Should he not have done that?
Can you get it without the stripes that ruin look of the car?
You know that's right
The Marine Biologist -Seinfeld
I don't see a bathroom, so I'm assuming you pee on the tree?
That's a Bell HP7 helmet. It's $3,500/
He's concentrating
Reverse Bank robbery: Depositing money in your bank account.
Well 1 Billion in Brazilian currency is equal to like 300 million USD. Guy probably cant even afford [doors that go like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJIAOosI6js)
For now*
This article is from 2011
Can anyone please explain why Aston Martin feels the need to ruin their beautiful looking cars with horrendous paint jobs?
Wow thanks for the spoilers dick, I was literally just about to watch it.
They mentioned it in the article. "More prominently, using the 3.9-litre V8 also means the new Ferrari will avoid hefty taxes in China. An imported car with an engine displacing more than four litres will incur so much tax that its list price will effectively double."
Its clearly sarcasm....
I don't know that carpool karaoke opener at the iPhone 7 event was pretty fucking terrible.
This reminds me of a scene from Spongebob where people order a salad at the Krusty Krab and Spongebob gives them a piece of lettuce with a slice of tomato on it.
Not a question but you have some sweet sideburns.
Weren't Hamilton's "used" super softs only used for 1-2 laps in practice/qualifying? I remember the commentators mentioning that it is actually faster as it scrubs the exterior of the tires allowing them to work better right away.
It's a problem for engineers who have a finite amount of space every year to add new features. 
Hmm youre right. I guess the only thing left to do is hire a boy to stand by the light switch.
Get an echo. It's way more convenient to turn your lights on with your voice. 
I know its ceramic but it looks like really cheap plastic
I think the big issue with Porsche is while they are amazing cars to drive they are so common place they don't feel special. Add that to the fact that the 911 shape has been largely unchanged for roughly 50 years and the result is the cars lose their allure. You take a 911r, or a GT3RS and drive it down the road and people will practically ignore them (aside from enthusiasts). But drive down the road in a 20 year old Dodge Viper and pretty much everyone turns their heads. 
You honestly believe that the F40 is a good looking car? But this hasn't aged well? I suppose beauty is in the eye of the beholder but the F40 is objectively one of the ugliest cars ever made. Sure it's blisteringly fast and drives remarkably well but if we are being honest it was never a good looking car. It looks like something a child would carve out of wood for a pinewood derby. It's just a wedge. There's literally no design to it. 
Because 6 pockets > 4
Wasn't this the 918 that failed to sell at Monterey a couple weeks ago because no one was willing to pay the $2M reserve?
Bet it would sound sick with a magnaflow cat back exhaust though.
The pioneering technique he used was developed by [Nigel Thornberry](https://youtu.be/ZadP7XiewxU?t=208)

It won't be. Guaranteed it will be a super charged V8.
So Josh Lyman went on to making super cars after he left the West Wing huh?
No, every waking moment for the rest of your life will be filled with crippling regret.
I feel like that's going to have cooling issues
Well to me it sounds like you are an anti apple troll for the sake of being one. I don't know why this matters to you that much but like everything in life, when you have finite space compromises have to be made. You argue that you cant charge and plug in headphones at the same time. In 9 iphones I cant think of that last time I had to do that. In reality the jack collects dust and leaves the phone more susceptible to water leaking in. Are you really saying that you will not spend $900 on a phone and throw away all of the money you invested into buying apps and have to re download all your apps, contacts, pictures, and calendar appointments because of the off chance that you maybe might critically need to charge you phone while using the $20 built in earbuds they come with? You want an android phone? Great.  But don't pretend them omitting a port which 99% of the time collects dust and allows water to leak in is the sole reason for you "Abandoning an entire company".
And if you want to plug in an ethernet cable you can't. And if you want to plug in a usb cable you cant. And if you wan't to pop in a DVD you can't. Apple removed these port to move us into a wireless world. I cant remember the last time I used a pair of corded headphones but thats not the point. The fact remains that the headphone jack will not be around forever. People were pissed when Apple removed the cd drive from the mac book. They got over it. They were furious when they switched from 30 pin to lightning. They got over it. Youre throwing a temper tantrum because youll need a adapter to use you $20 ear buds with your $900 phone. You'll get over it. And when android phones stop supporting 3.5mm in a year or two what will you do then? Cling to you decade old phone because "you dont like bluetooth"?
Don't they give you corded lightning headphones and a lightning to 3.5mm adapter in the box? I think you're being a little dramatic here. 
And you could say they are FORCING you to give up a user swappable battery. Or they are FORCING you to use only the built in storage. Its a design choice. No one is forcing you to buy the air pods, they are just an option. 
Here's what I don't understand about the PS4 Pro. Lets say I buy a 4k bluray video game. On that game disk there are 4k video files that the console is capable of playing. Why can I not then take a 4k movie bluray and watch the video on that?
I'd sat Aladeen pretty much got it right. 
I don't know if it's quite 8 minutes but Jessica is an amazing song. 
Hopefully this will draw more big teams into Formula E because for it to succeed it needs to change a lot. The cars look terrible, the road courses are too tight and bumpy, and the cars aren't really that fast. Right now it isn't really that exciting to watch. 