Had I lovely trip to my local [record store](https://i.imgur.com/y7TjGWD.jpg).  Have you all picked up anything good lately?
Hey look someone is actually coming to Florida. 
I'm a huge fan of the old 15 spoke SVT focus wheels.  Mostly because they are cheap and look stock-ish.  But they aren't much lighter than the oem wheels. 
Yeah for collectors like you it makes sense.  But for most people it don't seem worth it. I'm just kind of surprised these pressings keep selling out. 
[Link](https://suicide-squeeze.myshopify.com/products/a-life-of-arctic-sounds-white-vinyl?variant=7239678525475)

It's $9 (+shipping) for two songs that are already on Building Nothing Out of Something.  Unless you're a hardcore collector, or just like these two song way more than the rest of BNOS. I don't really see why people keep buying this 7".
I think that's more of a case of them going back to an older sound, apposed to them "going pop".
In my opinion the less poppy Congratulations is a massive improvement over Oracular Spectacular.  But I guess Oracular Spectacular was still an improvement over their earlier work. 
Or any in Florida.
Oh yeah it's "Cry me a river". He's great.
[This is a good video about the invention of the blue LED.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoTALRhAqWc)
Both Fishboy and AJJ are in sort of the same musical ballpark.  Although AJJ is more punk and Fishboy is more Power Pop. 
Ive listened to some of !!!'s work but I don't think I've listened to Myth Takes. My personal favorite from 2007 is probably "Albatross: How We Failed to Save the Lone Star State with the Power of Rock and Roll" by Fishboy.  But People Who Eat People by AJJ and Person Pitch by Panda bear are also really close to the top.
Yeah 2007 was a great year for music.  And in my opinion none of these four are even in the top five of the year. 
Aw missed another one.  I can't believe Strawberry Jam didn't win.  It's so much better than the other three.
Oh that's a good one.  I'm definitely going.
Orlando
Oh no!  I missed my opportunity to be pissed that Cuckoo Cuckoo is out.  
>progressive vegetarian grindcore, ska

You had my curiosity, but now you have my attention
That's true.  Although I have a new theory.  Maybe when he said "there is no such thing as bi" he was talking about how most bi people actually identify as Pan?  I mean I know a few people who are trying to get rid of the word bi and use pan exclusively.
God I hate that.  It's like when people say that you're "just experimenting" like you must be either gay or straight and any relationship you have outside of that is just some sort of mistake. 
To me it makes perfect scene to be attracted to every gender.  It feels like that should be the default position.
Like I know some people in the LGBT community don't respect Bi people, but I kind of assumed the whole "Bi people aren't real" thing was just some sort of internet joke.
I assume his response was a joke. I don't think anyone really believes that being Bi isn't real. Right?
[Kingdome - Casper](https://kingdomekingz.bandcamp.com/album/casper) 

It's sort of British Death Grips esque Hardcore Hip-hop.  Someone posted it on /r/deathgrips so some of you might have already seen it.

Edit: Not sure why so many posts are being downvoted in this thread.  Edit II: nvm
Garage Giz is best Giz.
Nah.  Getting outraged is all part of the fun.  I don't thing anyone is actually upset. 
Don't leave.  We all love you.  Even if you like sleepy dad rock. 
Huh.  I thought this was one of the better songs on Sound Of Silver.  But oh well.  It's not that great. 
Bet it's from Boxer
^
u r wrong
This song is exactly .1 better than every song on boxer. 
The intense pain and resulting headache is all a part of the  Spirit They're Gone experience. 
Do you not?
Also this
I really like Strawberry Jam but #1 is by far the worst song on that record and defiantly not great. 
I thought this was one of the better songs from Neon Bible.  
You monster
I don't believe you. 
I think this might have something to do with Doin' the Cockroach being out on the first day.  I'm not sure how, but it's true. 
After watching MBV and Modest Mouse get destroy in the last rate, it's nice to just sit back watch your fourth favorite Animal Collective album annihilate The National. 
It's basically just a pointless interlude. 
I'm starting to feel bad for this poor album.  Like just because it's not good doesn't mean it has to die such a humiliating death. 
I don't have a patience for this record.  I listened to it three times over the courses of a couple weeks, in addition to one other previous attempt at getting into in the past,  and I don't think I enjoyed a single song.  Which is disappointing I really wanted to like it. 
For me the problem isn't that the songs aren't finished, it's that they are super bland. 
It's fine.
Ah.  I was really hoping the Focus ST would stick around.
The story just yesterday said they were keeping the Focus.
Worlds most iconic voice crack. 
Melt Banana is kind of odd, and I really enjoy most of their work.  But I cant really think of anything completely experimental that I've really enjoyed. [Lightning Bolt ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clAJ8mufzJ0) is pretty out there.  so maybe that. 
[Paul Baribeau's self titled record is the perfect whiny indie boy album.](https://paulbaribeau.bandcamp.com/album/paul-baribeau)
Thor, Red guy with the rock in his head, Captain America, Green ninja alien, Lando
But even in the UK this is like £25 which is still over priced.
good bot
Needs more jpeg
Blow Your Brains Out on Live TV!


    while(FJM == ironic){
        JTillman = Killyourself();
    }
Cuckoo Cuckoo will always be the winner to me. 
Probably a very substantial amount. 
Where can I sign?
or maybe [Slutmouth by Girlpool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11Vtmc0FGz0)
[Scene Sick by Diet Cig?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQNY_nihI90)
Even Frank Ocean wouldn't go on Ellen.
[Also Bandcamp](https://tysegall.bandcamp.com/track/fanny-dog-royal)
That's fucking terrible.  Why would someone do that.
Still no Florida.  But I'm sure they will come back eventually.
Again the artist can do whatever they want and don't need approval from people like you. 
My point is that unlike you the people that run this sub actually do respect the artists and don't want to support people who steal their music. 
Well like I said feel free to go find it yourself, but there is no reason to post it here.  
[Knife Man link!](https://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads/comments/8cwhht/201014_chart_2011_nomination_thread/dxiat92/)
Why do you think that you are somehow entitled to hearing someone elses music?  If the artist only wants their music on vinyl and not YouTube, that's up to them.
Unless you have the artist permission, yeah.  Posting someone else's work on YouTube is taking there hard work.  
It's basically the same as the rule against leaks.  This isn't the place to share stolen music.  If you want the rip, go find it yourself.
I genuinely don't think there is a better place to talk to strangers about music on the internet than this sub. 
Vivian Girls - Share The Joy
The security guard yelled at one of them, but they just kept doing it.  They were extremely disrespectful.   
I was right behind the group that was throwing glow sticks at Isaac.  They shoved there way to the front and talked super loud over the openers entire set.  It was a bunch of middle aged people, you would think they were a bunch of teenagers. 
I follow Garage rock and Punk pretty closely.
[Vote for  Fishboy!](https://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads/comments/8cwhht/_/dxiasws?context=1000) Its a seriously great album one of the best Twee albums ever made.
That's an easy top five for me, but Mind Fuzz is still greatest of all time.
Oh ok nevermind.  I think I just mixed up the order of Invisible and Wild Pack of Family Dogs.
Wasn't there a song after invisible?  Also yes that was poison the well.
Guys, we need to get [this masterpiece](https://f4.bcbits.com/img/a3178796618_10.jpg) on the chart. 
Ah, sorry I would have deleted mine.  Thanks though.  But I guess all that really matters is that the greatest Giz album gets some recognition. 
I don't know if sound tracks are allowed, but this is fantastic sound track that I've listened to dozens of times.
Diners - Always Room
Courtney Barnett - The Double Ep: A Sea of Split Peas
McCafferty - Beachboy
Mitski - Bury Me At Makeout Creek
Andrew Jackson Jihad - Christmas Island
Joyce Manor - Never Hungover Again
Radiator Hospital - Torch Song
Frankie Cosmos - Zentropy
Lumpy and the Dumpers - Collection
Tacocat - NVM
King Tuff - Black Moon Spell
Math the Band - Stupid and Weird
Hail Mary Mallon - Bestiary
St. Vincent - St. Vincent
Ty Segall - Manipulator
Thee Oh Sees - Drop
Angel Olsen - Burn Your Fire for No Witness
Alexandre Desplat - The Grand Budapest Hotel
King Gizzard & the Lizard Wizard - I'm in Your Mind Fuzz
Run the Jewels - Run the Jewels 2
Swans - To Be Kind
That's at least a little better, but still not very good.
NLDW came out in 2012
Hey everyone. This is a good album please vote for it.
I completely forgot about Gemini.  Personally I prefer Twins, but they are both great.
I think this might be my favorite album of 2013.  If anyone hasn't listened to it definitely give it a try. 
Mike Krol - Trust Fund
King Tuff - Was Dead

Radiator Hospital - Something Wild
clipping. - midcity
Pissed Jeans - Honeys
Diarrhea Planet - I'm Rich Beyond Your Wildest Dreams
Ty Segall - Sleeper

A Giant Dog - Bone
The Taxpayers - Cold Hearted Town
Foxing - The Albatross
Days n' Daze - Rogue Taxidermy
Death Grips - Government Plates
The World Is a Beautiful Place & I Am No Longer Afraid to Die - Whenever, If Ever
King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard - Float Along - Fill Your Lungs
Danny Brown - Old
Thee Oh Sees - Floating Coffin
Car Seat Headrest - Nervous Young Man

Melt-Banana - Fetch
Sigur Rós - Kveikur
Run the Jewels - Run the Jewels
Why don't you ask your lesbian mom?
Now that Bark Your Head Off, Dog is out, this is by far the album I'm anticipating most.  Every single has been fantastic so far.
You have to load all the comments before searching. [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads/comments/8d66kb/_/dxkjcwg?context=1000)
Like 8 hours late.  Be sure to search the whole thread before posting.
Harley Poe - Satan, Sex and No Regrets

Jane Jane Pollock - Jane Jane Pollock

Why? - Mumps, Etc.
A Giant Dog - Fight
also already posted
I used to be really into Enter Shikari, even though I haven't listened to this in years I still feel obligated to upvote it.
The album of the first half of the decade everybody.  Let's get it to the top.
The best FJM album, just FYI.
Thee Oh Sees - Putrifiers II
The Chariot - One Wing
The Mountain Goats - Transcendental Youth
mewithoutYou - Ten Stories
Best Coast - The Only Place
Sledding With Tigers - Being Nice Is Still Cool
King Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard - 12 Bar Bruise
Mitski - Lush
Jeff Rosenstock - I Look Like Shit
Joyce Manor - Of All Things I Will Soon Grow Tired
Spook Houses - Trying
The Taxpayers - "God, Forgive These Bastards" Songs From The Forgotten Life Of Henry Turner
Screaming Females - Ugly
King Tuff - King Tuff
Math The Band - Get Real
Father John Misty - Fear Fun
Ty Segall - Twins
Pile - Dripping
Ty Segall Band - Slaughterhouse
Alex G - Trick
Death Grips - NO LOVE DEEP WEB
Beach House - Bloom
Death Grips - The Money Store
Swans - The Seer
Hop Along - Get Disowned
Probably the Money Store.
Its a 17 minute long ep that originally sold for $12.  No one should pay $30 + shipping for it.
Fantastic album.  I really hope it can progress to the next round. 
Sleeping in the Aviary - You and Me, Ghost

Snowmine - Laminate Pet Animal

Morning Teleportation - Expanding Anyway

Mike Krol - I Hate Jazz
Panda Bear - Tomboy
The Front Bottoms - The Front Bottoms 

Andrew Jackson Jihad - Knife Man
Death Grips - Exmilitary
Fishboy - Classic Creeps
Joyce Manor - Joyce Manor

Thee Oh Sees - Castlemania
Thee Oh Sees - Carrion Crawler / The Dream EP
St. Vincent - Strange Mercy
Car Seat Headrest - Twin Fantasy
Danny Brown - XXX
Woo Wee, look at this 4k masterpiece.  We are now in a new era of Fishboy music videos.  This is the first official Fishboy made music video in over [three years](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgP4zMCXC68).  We're way past [240p](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXklv_WWxHU) now.
Hey, I also have a Xiaomi MiA1!  What a coincidence.
$30 is way over priced.  I really hope no one takes the bate.
[This was posted 15 days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/Mccafferty/comments/88tvfv/update_on_mccafferty/)
Because some things have to be tested on living people.
Umm what.

This came out in 2014.
This most likely isn't even a Samsung phone. 
Miniature Tigers - Fortress
Woops, must have auto corrected.
Not the worst album nominated so far.
I bet it's gonna be ironic.
Looking back on 2010 I'm fairly sure Ruth is my favorite album of that year.  It's seriously great.
The Taxpayers - To Risk So Much For One Damn Meal
Paul Barideau - Unbearable
Thee Oh Sees - Warm Slime
Nana Grizol - Ruth
Ty Segall - Melted
A Hospital + Crucifix Made of Plastic
They're really good live, just so you know. 
Oh man I completely forgot that 1 Trait High existed.  But I remember actually kind of liking that self titled record.  Like obviously it's seriously dumb, but the furry album art alone makes it worth listening to. 
Ah, that's super cool.  Be sure to tell him that a random stranger on the internet thinks his band is good. 
You know Andrew Katz? 
Update: Looks like this wan't just a fluke.  Over the last two days I got over 8 1/2 hours of screen on time over the course of 38 hours off battery.  Without ever having to use power saver mode. 

[Proof](https://imgur.com/a/IlsHI)
I wish my Grandma was cool enough to listen to Twin Fantasy.
Good
Who will Cut Our Hair When We're Gone?
I've only listened to this once but it's definitely an enjoyable listen.  Circuts in the sand is particularly good.
It was the #1top voted AOTY on this sub.  It wasn't exactly ignored.  At least not here.
I think Knife man is different enough to be considered essential as well.
The Money Store will win without a doubt.
I vote either melted or Slaughterhouse.  And Carrion Crawler/The Dream for Thee Oh Sees.
You and me guy.  We're gonna force that album in the list whether people like it or not. 
I really enjoyed this album.  I've listened to it a few times and while I doubt the album as a whole will have much longevity, I think there are plenty of great songs on this song that I will likely come back to.  New For You in particular is super fun.
If we're going really lofi than I would say Bangers Vs. Fuckers by Coachwhips.  For more exceptable levels of lofi I would say Slaughterhouse by Ty Segall.
But Oxygen is the best Swans song of all time.
Nope nothing outside of stock.
There's nothing wrong with love is the best
Alright guys, what's it gonna take for me to get a Fishboy record in the top 100?
Are you talking about the current chart?  Because loveless is in the Indiespensables section.
I think they'll make top 100, but I have my doubts that they can make top 20. Although personally I would take that album over most of these. 
I somehow completely forgot about Deathgrips, but our lists are like 80% the same so between us I think we have all 20 locked down.  But I'm kind of hoping for some surprise upsets, to come out of no where and take the top 20. 
As long as get disowned makes it in I'll be satisfied.  but I'm gonna say that the following will also make it in:

1. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy

2. The Suburbs

3. Cosmogramma

4. The Age of Adz

5. Halcyon Digest

6. XXX

7. Helplessness Blues

8. Twin Fantasy

9. Lonerism

10. channel ORANGE

11. Bloom

12. good kid, m.A.A.d city

13. Ceres & Calypso in the Deep Time

14. Kveikur

15. To Be Kind

16. Run the Jewels 2

17. Benji

18. I'm in Your Mind Fuzz

19. St. Vincent

I'd like to also see: 	
Knife Man, Melted, Carrion Crawler / The Dream EP, and Ruth make it in.  But those seem less likely. 
Top 20 prediction thread:
Yep both effect the sound quality.  Low end turntables often use a cheap stylus which won't be able to as accurately repoduce sound.  There are also a ton of other elements that go into making a vinyl system sound good, like:

 a quality preamp, proper sound isolation (the turntables motor needs to be very quiet),  correct tracking force (a good turntable will allow you to ajust the tracking force by changing the position of the counter weight at the end of the tone arm)

The world of audio is kind of a bottom less pit.  There are plenty of decent turntables in  the $200-$300 but there are also quite a few turntables that cost more than a new car.  But if you want to improve your audio system I would start with good quality speakers, and then from there, if you're dissatisfied with the sound upgrade the turntable.  

I'm not really an expert on this stuff, but let me know if you have any questions and I'll try to help.
They are basically a parody of themselves at this point.  Not that that's a bad thing. 
Just normal usage for me.  Mostly Reddit, Google Play Music, youtube, and some texting.
For like 99% of people there equipment is the biggest bottle neck in there system and not the record it's self.  I can only imagine how expensive a system would need to be to take advantage of this.  

I'm sure it will end up just being marketing term used to dupe music fans into buying crazy expensive box sets full of worthless trash. 
It looks like she had a lot of fun making this. 
113 now.  We did it.
Almost at 100 subs.  Nice.
I will fight you for liking a song I also really like more than a song I like only slightly more.  How dare you.
I've had the new Hop Along record on repeat for the last couple weeks.  Specifically Look of Love hasn't left my brain, I've been humming that shit non stop.
I would argue for look of love, but this one is pretty great to.
Those are clearly Trix.  They thought they could fool me, but no cereal can get past me.
AJJ usually keeps things pretty chill.  Don't try to mosh or stage dive.
Huh, weird.  Quarters is on Google play music.  I think this is the first time I've ever seen GPM have something that Spotify doesn't.
If any of you Fishboy enthusiasts are desperate for a Fishboy based platform on which to exclusively discuss and post about Fishboy look no further.  Last year I created the perfect Fishboy based subreddit, and it's name is /r/FishboyBand.  Feel free to come and experience Fishboy with me and like ten other people. 
Same here.  I'm always suprised how little buzz jordaan seems to generate on this sub.  They have made so many fantastic albums.
Aquabats, Arctic Monkeys colab when?
[Bandcamp link](https://jordaanmason.bandcamp.com/).  Album "earth to ursa major" will be out May 31st.


A little off topic, but I really like your new flair /u/ReconEG.
I have really been enjoying this record.  Every song is fantastic.  But like any album it isn't perfect.  Several songs end with a fade out, a moment of silence, followed by the next song starting up.  Fade out isn't always bad, but here it feels a little lazy and makes the whole album feel less cohesive than it could be.  

I still think this is a great record and still by far the best I've listened to so far this year, but in the end I doubt I'll prefer it over Get Disowned.  
Classic Creeps by Fishboy is like 30 minutes, and it's great.

edit also:

Florist - The Birds Outside Sang (30m)

Jay Reatard - Blood Visions (29m)

Radiator Hospital - Something Wild (29m)

Palehound - Dry Food (28m)

AJJ - Can't Maintain (28m)

Lumpy And The Dumpers - Huff My Sack (17m)

Frankie Cosmos - Zentropy (17m)



I adore mewithoutYou.  They were a huge part of my transition in high school from terrible medal-core to indie music.  I don't think Pale Horses was the height of there discography but I am definitely excited to hear anything new from them.
Ah, I assumed it was from some obscure giraffe based album, but Microsoft emojis are cool too.  Although I can't help but miss Circulatory System.
So, what is the new flair from?
Yep, definitely the best.
I think this wasy second or third lowest rates songs on the album.  I think is a good song but it shouldn't be the top song from LCW.
I thought I was being fairly generous with some of my scores.  I did not expect to be in the top 15 lowest averages with a 7.2
At this point I'm just glad doctor Brock made it to the top three.
I knew it was true but I'm still suprised.
Wait is Modest Mouse really going to make it to the top 5?  And I gave the only remaining song a below average score.
Eliminating the rest of OKC now that the only good song is out.
Bring back Doin' the Cockroach.
Don't downvote Crank he is a nice person.
Why'd you guys kill the only good Radiohead song?
I would if I could
Cuddle the kitty
I had no idea radiohead fans didn't like Exit Music.  Maybe that's why I like it so much.
What are you talking about Crank.  I'm not upset at all.
Just end LCW now so I can stop caring
I think I gave it like an 8 oops.
I'm disappointed that Trailer Trash is the last song in LCW.  It's honestly not even in my top ten on the record.
Nah bruh
This song is so good.  You people should be ashamed.
:(
Sure
peppery idea 
Especially a sub this size, that is almost entirely text based.  The amount of work people put into this sub is absurd.  I'm seriously really thankful for all they put into this place. 
I haven't accomplished anything, but I finally saw Isle of Dogs.  It was pretty good.
I want to be a mod just so I can have a Fishboy flair, but not actually help with any of the actual work.
What's with all the hot takes
RACIST
Yep, over the course of two days.
I have, it's one of my favorites from last year.  It effected me in a very emotional way.  It made me want to cry, but I didn't.  I'm not sure why.
I've found that I listen to first and form an attachment to often ends up being my favorite in an artists discography.  So that might play a part in why I love Get Disowned more. 
They kind of give me a Jordaan Mason vibe.  I definitely dig it.
Power Pop is the only good genre. 
I'm pretty sure no work of art has ever made me cry.  I'm not sure why, maybe I'm to dead inside.
Modest Mouse - Doin' the Cockroach 
Freshman: Modest Mouse

Sophomore: The Unicorns

Junior: Hop Along

Senior: Fishboy
Jane Jane Pollock's self titled record has sort of a swampy spooky sound, but it's not really similar to Prospect Hummer or Down There sound wise.
I think the sloppiness it a part of why I prefer Get Disowned.  I think Painted Shut is great, but some of the songs were a little to sterile for my taste.  I really love how wild Get Disowned can get. 
Are people really doing this, or are you just seeing different people talking about different albums?
I can't wait for the concerned looks. 
I think this is by far the best album out so far this year.
I'm glad I didn't sleep on this one.  There are some seriously great songs on this thing.  New For You is particularly great.
Look of Love
I've listened to this probably a dozen times between the NPR first listen and my vinyl pre-order, and I think this is the best new album I've listened to since Get Disowned (which I consider the best record of the decade).  

Overall the sound feels more like a progretion of Get Disowned than Painted Shut, although it includes elements of both.  The inclusion of orchestral orangments really add to some songs without loosing the Hop Alongs distinct style.  Similarly a few of the songs are much poppyer, especially the opener, when compared to Get Disowned, but the instrumentals and lyrics never seem overly clean or staralized like some of the songs on Painted Shut. On the purely technical side of things I think this is Hop Alongs best constructed album.

Dispite the changes in instrumentals this album still captures the energy of Get Disowned.  For now I think I still consider Get Disowned a better record but not by much.  I fully expect this to be my album of the year, I can only imagine how incredibly a new record would have to be to surpass it.  To me Bark Your Head Off Dog is a near perfect album.
I just wish it didn't have the original frame-rate.  I'm on the fence about getting a switch right now, and this port is a big reason I'm considering it.  So hopefully it turns out well.  But if it was 60fps I would buy it for sure. 
This is a Diners song if anybody is wondering.  Specifically the song "Plastic Cactus" from the album Three. 
Hmm I guess I'm not a good person.
u/PersonalityInsights srtviper
[Fishboy](https://yofishboy.bandcamp.com/album/imavolcano-7-ep)
Yeah, for me sound is the most nostalgic part of a game I grew up with.  The visuals and even gameplay are much less important than sound for me. 
I was mostly just looking forward to this for Nana Grizol's cover, but there are some really solid performances on this.
The albums you like the most.  
God Damn, I love that album so much.  Seriously if anyone likes Hop Along but hasn't listened to Freshman Year, do it right now.  It is still some of Frances’ best work (which is really saying something).  I had never listened to it until it got it's first pressing a couple years ago, and I think it has spent more time on my turntable than any other record that has come out since.
Bark Your Head Off Dog is the best new album I've listened to in a really long time.  I think it's way better than Painted Shut, and I love that album.  I'm having a really hard time thinking of a single album that came out in the past three years that I enjoy more than this one.  Get Disowned might be the last album that I loved this much at launch.

I don't know if I'm just being blinded by my love for Hop Along, and maybe my excitement will eventually ware off.  But for now it's hard for me to imagine this album not being my favorite of the year if not my favorite of this half of the decade. 
[I solved the puzzle guys.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GqgNebPm50)  Now you have to stop posting seagulls. 
Thanks, I'll give it a try.
I'm looking into it.  Does it require root?  I've seen a few places suggest you don't need root, but I don't know if that's a real solution.
Yep

**Device information**

    Sync version: 15.1.1    
    Sync flavor: free    
    Removed ads: true    
    
    View type: Fixed height cards    
    Player type: ExoPlayer    
    Push enabled: false    
    
    Device: tissot_sprout    
    Model: Xiaomi Mi A1    
    Android: 8.0.0
Ok I'll look into it.
Yeah the Mi A1 differently has it's drawbacks, but for $200 I don't think I could have gotten a better phone.  After only a few days of use my biggest complaint is the reversed nav bar, but I'm sure I'll get used to it. The camera is also a pretty huge downgrade, but I don't take that many pictures to begin with, so it's not a big deal. 
With it's 3000mAh battery I really wasn't expecting much, but this thing is incredible.  I guess is comes down to SD625 + stock android = great battery life.
I did the free trial for Apple music and the region locking nonsense is the biggest reason I decided to stick with Google Play Music.  I was really surprised that the Trillion dollar company that built a good amount of it current empire on music distribution was missing more of the music I regularly listen to than Spotify or GPM.  So in the end installed the cancer that is iTunes on my computer for nothing.
Oh no.  It died before I could join.
Now that's a solid roast. 
lame. :/
My circle is dead. But I'll join anybody's circle. Just pm me.
Hey, I'm trustworthy. 
My circle is dead. But I'll join anybody's circle. Just pm me.
My circle is dead. But I'll join anybody's circle. Just pm me.
My circle is dead. But I'll join anybody's circle. Just pm me.
My circle is dead.  But I'll join anybody's circle.  Just pm me.
PM me and I'll join your circle.
PM me and I'll join your circle.
Yea I think this is the third time.  But the main difference is now they have a record deal and a large tour.  So it feels like they have a lot to lose by ending the band right now.  As a long time McCafferty fan I expect Nick to come back to music at some point, but it kind of seems like this could make it much harder for them to ever really "make it".  But obviously despite this likely being bad for the bands chances at mainstream success, I think Nick absolutely doing the right thing by putting his own mental health over singing angsty songs to emo kids. 
PM me I'll join any circle.

edit: for some reason it's not letting me join anyone.
PM me I'll join any circle.

Edit for some reason it's not letting me join anyone.
Like your flair is 1,1.  Did you betray 1?
No that's 8 circles joined.  A red flair means they are a betrayer. 
what why?
hey
howdy
Yeah I should have stuck to users I know instead of messaging randoms.  oh well.  I got to 9 which seems to be better than plenty of other people. 
My circle was murdered but I'll join anyone who pm's me. 
I just checked all the people I pm'd and non of them betrayed.  One of them probably used an alt.
man who did it?
pm me if any of you boys want in on [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/CircleofTrust/comments/892k24/usrtvipers_circle/) action.

nvm it dead
pm me and I'll join your circle.
hi
I joined now where is my cute indie boyfriend?
This legitimately makes me really sad.
Florist - If Blue Could Be Happiness
Yes, I very much doubt that an album will come out this year that is better than this one.  I might even go as far as to say that this is better than my 2017 AOTY.
So ah.. next week work for you guys?
I don't believe you
it worked for like a minute. 
it work boy
Wait I think it is working.
YouTube is down to.  Why are the internet gods punishing me.  Is it because of all those things I said about Radiohead?
Get him boys!
does it actually work now?

nope
hey we back

edit: nvm
PM me pals
ok thanks
what is happening?
Help I have gone blind!
hey
Don't trust this guy
Also on GPM for weirdos like me.
Nevermind I couldn't stop myself.
I kind of want to wait for my vinyl pre-order, but I don't know how much longer I can take not hearing this album.
I guess hiatus is a better word for it.  But based on the letter it seems like Nick doesn't plan on coming back.  Although the band has gone through similar "break-ups" before.  So they may come back, it just seems unlikely at the moment.
Funny, I first found out about Remo Drive when I saw them open for McCafferty.  But now it seems both bands are having issues.
Also worth noting that they are no longer finishing their tour with Moose Blood. This is probably not an April Fools joke. 
We're
They banned my alt to.  Now how am I supposed to share my shitty music opinions.
I know this is a joke but I'm still kind of scared.
Never heard of this Frank guy.  I might have to check him out I'll listen to anything as long as my pals over to /r/indieheads say it's good.
Yes
Yep
why not both?
who is /u/nijinokanata and why are they doing this to me?
Why do people hate long songs so much.
This is one of the greatest songs of all time.
You all suck. 
This is the correct answer.  Doin' the Cockroach is a masterpiece. 
First half of people: *leans in to kiss second half*
Honestly a more even spread than I expected.
First half of people: *are smart and cool and attractive*
were you eating cake?
Yeah and the last one is Radiohead.  Gross
1. Doin' The Cockroach

2. Truckers Atlas

3. Exit Music (don't tell anyone that I actually like radiohead)
nah, it's exit music
Why?
The point of rates is to make radiohead fans even more smug.
I think that is a big part of why LCW isn't doing well.  People, please listen all the way through every song at least once.
Radiohead: makes worse album

Everyone: votes for their music anyway
You could have only like 100 voted.  You could have saved the Brockster
yes please
get it
It always has been unfortunately. 
cuz the song is really buzzy
This is the best thing Jeff ever did and you killed it.
This killed my Buzz.  get it?  buzz?
Radiohead needs to be stopped.  
how did this happen
oh man.  no way
BEtter not be
bruh I cant handle it. 
I'm scared
I stand by my statement.
This is what you get for being mean to Isaac
This should have been in the top ten.
to be fair even [Pistol](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ai6CSj6YDk) is better than most of ok computer.
done
Yes this would be the best rate.  AJJ, Jeff, The Frontbottoms, and Nana Grizol

Well green at least kept there scores a little more reasonable.  
That will be a better rate, because my favorite is also the most popular. 
/u/collinwithtwoLs and /u/aerocom are bad 
How can this song be less than a 10.  It is perfect.
better be a song I like less than the other songs.
This is a good change.  Thom isn't even a name.
yes
I'm eating my tears
As long as you keep posting okc it's fine.
more like you only like music that I don't like as much as the music that i like
Well it is better so
still better than OK Kindof not good music
Fight Radiohead. they are the ones killing loveless not nice mr brock
Every song a 10 or 11 seems unrealistic.  I love LCW it's my favorite album of all time but even it has a few 8's
I'm glad Crank was nice enough to give Isaac a short break from being torn apart. 
Why do you keep breaking reddit.  Also this song is a ten and anyone who gave it less than a 5 is insane. 
how
I'm still upset this didn't make it as a flair. 
This is not going well... well well
You can do it mr Broccoli.  we need at least one song in the top ten please.
oh no
definitely 
MM is the best band of all time, these people just can't appreciate fun music that isn't pretentious. 
More like OK music for nerds
no dont
I would like to mention that OK computer is the real enemy here.  Destroying all the good albums.
please no
no.
I kind of feel bad about giving this a 7.5 now.  Listening to the album again today, this song deserves at least an 8. 
You must be half the people rating LCW
Every thing is going to be ok
This might be kind of an odd choice but:

Satan, Sex and No Regrets

It's kind of like if Violent Femmes wrote a Halloween album from the perspective of spooky monsters. But I find the weird monster world Harley Poe builds throughout really interesting. 
I've listened to the Collection so many times it's just so wrenched and great, and Those Pickled Fuckers was my EP of the year last year.  I really look forward to whatever they vomit up next. 
Anyone who likes Lumpy & The Dumpers must have good taste.
Is it weird that I like Christmas Island?
It's mostly because they always dominate every voting thing we do on this sub.  

PS: I don't actually hate Radiohead, it's just kind of part of the fun of a rate.  
What's edgy about thinking an album is mediocre?  It's not like I think it's bad, it's just not even close to as good as people here make it out to be.  The lowest score I even gave any of it's songs was a 5, and had an average of 7.2.  I'm not one of those people who just bombs rates to make my favorite look better.  But in any case OK Computer just isn't that good to me.  
Iv'e listened to ok Computer plenty of times, and always listen to all the albums I rate at least three times while I rate them.  I don't dislike Ok computer, I just think it is by far the worst album in the rate.  But to be honestly I really like a few songs on the record.
I haven't actually gotten it yet.  I just ordered it last night.
So it looks like an early May release date.  I really wanted the 6play but I couldn't wait any longer.  So I just bought a Mi A1.
After the the first day of the 90's rate I'm kind of scared where this is gonna go. 
It has a few songs that are enjoyable, but it is absolutely nothing special.  Maybe at the time it was original, but now it just sounds uninteresting and bland. 
You gave Doin' The Cockroach a 0.  You should be ashamed. 
I definitely didn't expect so many Modest Mouse classics to be killed this early.
Radiohead fans can go to /r/mainstreamrockheads
They deserve it after what they did to LCW
> OK Computer: 9/12

ew, shoulda been 0/12
Good
A rate where no one wins.  I like it
It better be Radiohead... like all of it
I don't think I was emotionally prepared for this
It is mostly listenable.
guys I am not happy
well then it is def big
How an I the only 11 on this one, it is perfect!
What the FUCK!  This is, with no exaggeration, the best song I have ever listened to.  Radiohead fans need to go back to /r/music.
ban radiohead
You all are the worst
I really don't get the love for ok Computer I listened to it 3 times for this rate and it has two good songs.  LCW infinitely more interesting. 
We need to start a petition to ban all Radiohead content from this sub.
This is genuinely one of the best songs ever made.  You people disgust me. 
Save Modest Mouse too!  Radiohead has gone to far this time.
So there is no hope for Cowboy Dan being in his rightful #1 spot
This song is a 10.  Radiohead has never made a song better than this one.
This song is great, what's wrong with you people.
Boo! Someone already made that joke.
Did not expect this to be so low.
The fiddle is the best part of this song!
What? this song is great!
Thanks for answering.  I hope you get the opportunity to snuggle with even larger dogs in the future. 
How big was the biggest dog you ever met?
Wish I knew about this before it sold out.  But I'm sure she'll be back again.
Yeah. To me saying she shouldn't make Twee because she is rich so it's to easy, is like saying a poor person shouldn't make Crust Punk because it's too easy.  Instead I guess they should make Glam Rock or something.
The difference is Ricky Gervais tells jokes and Arcade Fire is a joke. 
Hmm, ok I see what you're saying.  But I also don't fully agree.  I do think that makeing this kind of music is probably easier for someone like Frankie Cosmos, but I don't think that makes her perspective any less valuable.  Going back to my first comment, I don't think art has to be hard for it to be valuable.  And I definitely don't think a variety in perspectives is ever a bad thing.  

Also I don't think it's fair to call her lazy just for playing in a style that you assume is easy for her.  Especially since pretty much everything you're saying is speculative any way.  We don't actually know what her perspective is nor do we know if this style is truly easy for her to make.  You're assuming she is naive, but neither of us know her. So to say this type of music comes easy for her or is lazy, just seems needlessly mean spirited.  

I get the whole hate the rich thing but when it comes to art I don't think it's fair to assume anyone's music in less valuable because of the way they grew up.
I'm still struggling to see your point.  How exactly does being poor give someone a more valuable perspective while creating Twee.  I can see why you might think someone growing up wealthy would also be very shelterd, but I don't think that makes the seeing through the eyes of a child bit less valuable or interesting.  Are you trying to say that wealthy person might be enabled to see the world from a more child like perspective and that some how is a bad thing?

>	 social responsibility in art increases with wealth

I don't think being wealthy makes someone any more responsible or adult.  I could even argue the opposite, because a very wealthy person is likely to have most everything taken care of for them.  Again I just feel like I'm missing something here, I'm just having trouble seeing where your going with this. 
Since when is Twee a genre that requires financial hardship to produce?  Most Frankie Cosmos songs are focused on interpersonal interaction, apose to not being able to pay rent.  Not to to say the whole starving artist thing can't create interesting music too, but it's also not like it hasn't been done a million times before as well.  I guess what I'm trying to say is you don't have to suffer for your art to be a good artist.
Just a plastic phone with a metal frame.  
That sounds like it might crack more easily than even glass, because of how brittle ceramic is, especially when it's thin.  But obviously I've never constructed a phone out of a ceramic plastic hybrid before so it's possible that your idea is viable, it just seems unlikely to me.
Wow, I'm not surprised I never noticed this, because I don't know how to spell.  But I am kind of surprised no one involved with the record noticed. 

It's spelled right on bandcamp, but wrong on Apple Music and Google Play Music.  I'd be curious if anyone with a physical copy can check if it's spelled right on the CD/LP.
I'm not confident enough to give them an order yet but these are my top 5 not including Vessel:

Ty Segall - Freedom's Goblin

Palm - Rock Island

MGMT - Little Dark Age

Mount Eerie - Now Only

Screaming Females - All at Once


Edit: actually probably switch Palm out for McCafferty.
I've been listening to this album a lot, and it's probably in my top five at the moment for AOTY.  I would probably put Cafeteria as my favorite song, but non of these songs are weak.  This album is just consistently good the whole way through. 
Glass is just way more flexible and much cheaper to replace, at least for now.  Reinforced plastic is the superior material for wireless charging. 
But that often hinders repair-ability. 
I've seem a lot of posts on this sub get downvoted for seemingly no reason.  I think people might just downvote music they don't like or something.  Either way this album is really good.
Yep, recognized it immediately. 
Oh, your quick response made me think you were one of like 3 people who have listened to BB eye.   Glad you like it.
Wait, have you listened to this before?
BB eye - Headcheese Heartthrob
Jay Reatard - Blood Visions
I'm in Your Mind Fuzz is my favorite at the moment.  It takes a lot of inspiration from Thee Oh Sees, so that is probably why I love it. 
I'm sure he is a nice guy, but his online persona comes off kind of dickish to me.  But it may be more that I see his controversial tweets more often that his others, mostly because of stupid articles like this one. Either way I fully respect the guy and think he is a great musician and all that. 
Plus Will just kind of comes off like a dick half the time anyway.  It's not really worth an article every time it happens. 
Ooh also [Shoppers](https://shoppers.bandcamp.com/) is a really good punk band.
Like ever?
[John Hays](https://johnhays.bandcamp.com/releases) is a pretty great folk punker.

[Jane Jane Pollock](https://janejanepollock.bandcamp.com/album/jane-jane-pollock) is a little more popular but isn't exactly well known.  They describe their music as post-Halloween, if you need any convincing. 

Also I would usually take this opportunity to push Fishboy, but he just hit 1000 followers on Spotify, so he's basically mainstream now. 
Like, who cares if he doesn't like a movie?
I really like most of XXX but I feel like it's bloated and has a few songs I'm not very fond of.  To me Old is more consistently good, but don't have as many great songs as XXX.  In the end I would put them at about the same level, with Old maybe just barely beating out XXX. 
for me it's:

Atrocity Exhibition>Old=XXX>>>>The Hybrid
Agressive:

* G.L.O.S.S. - Masculinie artifact

* Lumpy and the Dumpers - Attention

Soft:

* Florist - A Hospital + Crucifix Made of Plasic
* Panda Bear - Untitled 6
Danny Brown
I really like Fear Fun, mostly like ILYH, and am lukewarm on Pure Comedy.  So your assessment is probably right, I'm just not that big of a fan of FJM in general.  But I would still love to hear a Fear Fun style record from The Mist Man.  
Fishboy - Albatross: How We Failed to Save the Lone Star State With the Power of Rock and Roll

Some of the happiest music in existence, without being excessively sugary sweet.  Even when facing a life sentence for bank robbery, the lyrics and music remain upbeat and optimistic. 
Nope.  It clearly was not worth the couple minutes to set this up, just for a lame joke. 
Fine, maybe not bland just normal /r/Mainstreamrockheads
Now someone needs to make a useless program to count them. 
I don't hate any of them.  But some of the albums we've rated are average at best. 
i dont believe you
I thought it was /r/Indieheads not /r/Blandmainstreamrockheads
This is correct.
Florist - The Birds Outside Sang


Really both of Florists albums are really soothing to me.  Anytime I want to lay in bed for a couple hours, those are my go to. 
Duet is really good but I'm not sure what my favorite is.  I'll have to listen to it again to decide.
Definitely keep doing it.
Remo Drive
Just hearing my own speaking voice is disgusting.  My singing is disturbingly bad.
That new Frankie Cosmos album is really good.  It's only been a day and I think I've listened to it six times. 
He'll review smaller bands, but only if he really likes the album. 
[What.](https://f4.bcbits.com/img/0012524135_10.jpg)
Genuinely curious.  Why?

Edit: Never mind, I read the article.  I agree with you.
I don't think it has ever been pressed to vinyl.  Or if it has, it's not on Discogs. 
I kind of hope this becomes a regular thing.  Having a fingerprint scanner on both sides would be nice.
Modest Mouse - Too Many Fiestas for Rueben

AJJ - Inner City Basehead History Teacher

Thee Oh Sees - Man in a Suitcase

Fishboy - Louis The Bear



Kind of makes me think of a mix between a Giant Dog and Palehound, but more experimental. 
Their first EP, is by far their best work.
This is a part of the upcoming Quiet Bedrooms compilation [Year 1 (QB002)](https://qtqb.bandcamp.com/album/year-1-qb002).
I wish Grand Budapest would get a vinyl release.  That sound track is great. 
Did not expect an  Insane Clown Posse name drop.
In my opinion one of the best indie rock records of the decade so far. It's seriously super good.
I assume the other one is the Beatles?  Looks rad by the way.
I have been hugely into McCafferty since first hearing Forrest Life back in 2013. To me their first album Beachboy is a fantastic and represents the best emo flavored folk has to offer. I was  of course very excited when the band started talking about making new music in late 2016.  But when Thanks, Sorry, Sure I was kind of worried that McCafferty was going down a similar route as The Front Bottoms, with a cleaner pop sound. 

While this album has almost completely ditched their original folk sound, they have maintained there fast whiny energy.  The lyrics are still dumb, angsty, and super fun.  Even the slower songs are kind of fun. There are a few low spots, like the writing on Strain is kind of really bad.  But Yarn is very quickly climbing my AOTY list. I am so glad this album turned out to be good. 
To me it's way better than Thanks, Sorry, Sure.  But I also wan't a huge fan of the ep.
I'm not sure why, but when ever I think of 90's music my mind always goes to There's Nothing Wrong With Love.  To me it's the quintessential 90's indie record. 
The Taxpayers - "God, Forgive These Bastards" Songs From The Forgotten Life of Henry Turner

I'm not really sure what you are looking for, but "God, Forgive These Bastards" is a personal favorite of mine that I've never once seen mentioned on /r/indieheads.  It's sort of a blend of punk, folk, and jazz.

I got almost 3k on me_irl for [this.](https://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/5itctn/me_irl/)

But me_irl is kind of cheating.
2010: Nana Grizol - Cynicism

2011: Fishboy - Aaron The Afterthought Astroaut

2012: Jane Jane Pollock - Mousehole

2013: Thee Oh Sees ‎- I Come From The Mt.

2014: St. Vincent - Rattlesnake

2015: Jordaan Mason - The Decline Of Stupid Fucking Western Civilization

2016: Lumpy And The Dumpers - Huff My Sack

2017:  ‎King Giz ect. - Crumbling Castle

edit: Switched a few things up.
McCafferty - Trees
1. Mount Eerie - Now Only by a way
2. Ty Segall - Freedom's Goblin
3. MGMT - Little Dark Age
4. Screaming Females - All at Once
5. McCafferty - Yarn

Yeah.  While I am very much in favor of strict gun control, I can understand why someone would be pro gun ownership. What's really disheartening is that Killer Mike would work with the NRA.  The NRAs entire purpose is to payoff government officials to block any sort of gun regulations, including basic safety measures. 

I thought RTJ, and by extension Killer Mike, were Punk.  But supporting lobbying groups that represent multi billion dollar corperations, and care more about selling guns than than the lives of children, is the opposite of Punk.
the lonesome crowded west


I really hated malls

Well at least the drums are good

well well Well Well WELL
If only it was available in the US
Hmm  It really depends on what you are into.  They have covered quite a few genres. But personally my favorite is Carrion Crawler / The Dream, it's fairly representative of the psychedelic garage-rock blend they used to put out. 

If you are more into cleaner production, I would go for A Weird Exits, which is much more technical psychedelic Rock but still isn't exactly clinical. 

Or if you are more into weird garage-folk with little bits of psych sprinkled in, Sucks Blood is also a favorite of mine.  Although it probably isn't a great place to start for most people. 
Plus Gatekeeper just in general seems like a better music video.  Although I might just think that because I like the song quite a bit more. 
I've since listened to the other three albums and they are seriously great.  I look forward to listening to all of them dozens of times over the next few weeks until I eventually hate them. 

My flair is Castlemania by Thee Oh Sees.  It's good album, but not as great as some other Thee Oh Sees projects.  I just chose to make this one because I thought it would make a good looking flair. 
Willow is super neat.  Thanks for sharing. 
Yeah I think Strain is one of the weakest songs on the record.  I'm not sure why they would release it as a single.  I kind of like Loser though, especially in the context of the rest of the album. 
I've only listened to their two most recent records but I'll be sure to listen that one next. 
Fantano
/r/indieheads is all you need
I just found out about Thao & The Get Down Stay Down. A Man Alive might be the best thing I've listened to in months.

I now finally understand /u/InSearchOfGoodPun's flair.  I thought it was like Steven Tyler for the longest time. 

To be fair I think there was some good discussion going on in that thread, but after a few hours it had mostly devolved into angry people insulting each other.   I'm sure if y'all hadn't locked it there would still be a few active commenters left, and I get why you great people on the mod team wouldn't want to have to keep an eye on the thread for potentially several days.  

But I guess I just want to express that I think this should only be used in really bad cases like the thread the other day.  I would hate for this to become one of  those subs that locks threads as a result of a few bad eggs.  And as this sub grows the number of toxic people will only increase, unfortunately.  

I've only been a mod for fairly small subs, so I can only imagine how difficult it is to keep up with a sub this size. 
I'm also a huge sucker for angst, there is something cathartic about listening to 40 minutes of edgy whining. 
The new McCafferty record is pretty rad.  I would be willing to call it the best emo record I've listened to in quite a while.
I 100% agree.  To me their albums range from good to fantastic.  I think in a decade or two, many of SoaD's albums will be hailed as classics. 
Sucks Blood by Thee Oh Sees is fuzzy folk.  Although their approach to psych is fairly different, it does definitely incorporate elements of psychedelic music. 
Also, System of A Down is legitimately great, they have so many great songs.
From what I've heard they just kind of got tired of The Unicorns.  But Nicholas Thorburn is still making pretty good music with Islands.  Although Who Will Cut Our Hair When We're Gone? is still his greatest work, in my opinion. 
[Little D by Fishboy](https://yofishboy.bandcamp.com/album/little-d) is sort of in the same vain as early Of Montreal, and The Unicorns.
Their first album was more of a demo, most of the songs on Unicorns Are People Too ended up on Who Will Cut Our Hair When We're Gone?
Especially during quieter songs!  God, I hate that so much. 
We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank is a really good album and way better than Good News For People Who Love Bad News. 
At the moment I would say Fishboy, but I go through a new obsessive phases every few years.  Modest Mouse and AJJ are pretty close behind Fishboy. 
I'm kind of embarrassed about how excited I am for this record. 

Edit: Just finishing my first listen now, and I think this album is pretty good.  Obviously it's a pretty big departure from their older stuff, but while McCafferty has dropped nearly all elements of folk, they still managed to put together a pretty good emo pop record.  I think this is definitely worth a listen for anyone into emo, and will likely still appeal to older McCafferty fans.  My one disappointment isn't really with the new musical style, but with the writing and vocals.

The angst is still here, but it feels more standard and cliche than past McCafferty projects.  The more surreal and cutting quality of Forrest Life and Beach Boy are mostly gone.  Similarly Nick's vocal performances seem less intense than before.  A big reason I initially fell in love with McCafferty was Nick's throat shredding singing style. It shows up on a few songs, but for the most part the vocals are a little too clean for my taste. Although I had similar thoughts on Thanks, Sorry, Sure and I think this is much better than that EP. 

But again, overall I like this album and look forward to giving it a second listen in the morning.  I'm glad I stayed up for this. 

Edit 2: Westboro Sadness is one of my favorite songs out so far this year. 
It's weird, the second anyone mentions Fantano a legion of people who think he is Hitler and people who think he is Jesus come out to battle. 
Like I get that people don't like his reviews.  But I'm surprised at how many people at the bottom of this thread seem to legitimately hate Fantano.  
Lots of angry folks in this thread. eh?  
What did they do to AJJ and Jeff Rosenstock?  I didn't hear about this.
Thanks, I just don't want to miss it.
Oh so it's like artificial surround sound, but in a stereo mix?  This is way better than I expected it to be.  It's like each major element of the music have a fixed position, but then the smaller elements are moving through the space.  This is really well done. 
Hip hop is probably the most popular genre of music and the US, to say that one races opinion on it matters more than an other just comes off kind of elitist. Anyone of any race can make any music they want.
When is the rate reveal?
I'm just glad I'm not the only one who didn't like it. 
I agree that Ride raps on pretty much every DG song, but your race is completely irreverent to whether or not someone else is rapping.  Like how does your personal race change the way someone else's music is classified.  It just seems like a really weird thing to bring up. 
Just watched Royal Tenenbaums a couple days ago, I fully expected Dudley to burst in at the end. 
[Unbearable
by Paul Baribeau](https://paulbaribeau.bandcamp.com/album/unbearable)
jordaan mason always makes me feel really introspective.  Especially jordaan's more recent slower paced stuff.
I've made myself listen to loveless a bunch of times over the years, and have determined that it just isn't my thing.  Like there are a few songs I enjoy, but I definitely don't think i'll ever love that album.  Like you said it's really disappointing when a highly acclaimed album don't appeal to you.  It makes me feel like i'm missing out on something great.
It's back now.
Dark Souls
Just listened to it again, and you are 100% right.  Somebody get mr. Grips a dog, quick.
That's what I was thinking.  This record better be disgusting, to make up for that title.
IT SO FUCKIN DARK IN EAR
People Who Eat People, is by far AJJ's most popular record. So to me it's the most entry level option.  
Oh man, I didn't know they were gonna be in my city next month.  I wish had know before the tickets sold out. 
Siri is super entry level.
go to:
https://www.reddit.com/r/Dashboard/#userTaggerContents


Then hit show all users and sort by number of upvotes. 
Definitely a user considering it just linked me minutes after I complained about not being linked.
People say this every year.  And it's always all in their head.
Bottle Rocket is my least favorite, but I still enjoy it.  The dialogue on its own is fairly entertaining.
Honestly kind of feel left out.

Edit: [Thanks indieheads_bot](https://reddit.com/r/wholesomegifs/comments/85565j/_/dw20jhx/?context=1). Love you.
Me too.  It's an absolutely incredible film.
Automod is my #2
It would probably be a lot higher for me, but I had to reinstall Windows last year, and I use mobile a lot.
 Currently rewatching all of them in anticipation of Isle Of Dogs

1.	The Grand Budapest Hotel

2.	The Fantastic Mr Fox

3.	Moonrise Kingdom

4.	Royal Tenenbaums

5.	Life Aquatic

6.	Rushmore

7.	Darjeeling Limited

8.	Bottle Rocket
I recently found out that RES lets you see, in order, who you have upvoted the most.  Pretty much every one I have upvoted more than five times is from this sub.  /u/giraffeking is by far the winner with over one hundred upvoted. 
I know a few people here are into Fishboy, but I doubt anyone else here has listened to every Fishboy album as many hundreds of times as I have.  
This was really hard to narrow down.

1. Modest Mouse - The Lonesome Crowded West 
 - I like fun music, and this album is an absolute blast.  Issacs lispy voice mixed with fantastic drum work and twangy western guitar is the perfect combination. 
2. Andrew Jackson Jihad ‎– Knife Man
  - I love the writing on this record more than anything, and the fantastic punk rock jams just make everything better.
3. Fishboy ‎– Classic Creeps
 - This album is an extremely fun indie pop rock opera, full of time travel, aspiring cowboys, homeless novelist, and violence against children.  I love indie pop and this is by far my favorite record in the genre. 
4. Animal Collective - Sung Tongs
 - By far my favorite Animal Collective record, Sung Tongs is experimental, folksy, and fun. All the best things an album can be. 
5. The Microphones - It Was Hot, We Stayed In The Water
 -  The drums, the lyrics, the DRUMS!!!  I'm a huge sucker for persecution, and this album has it. It's kind of a tossup between this and The Glow pt. 2, but I went with this album mostly just because it feels like a tighter all around album, and I knew everyone else would chose The Glow pt. 2.


There is a pro version?  I can't seem to find it anywhere. 
For sure.  HTC is still not great at pricing low end phones, but they are at least moving in the right direction.  If these phones just had a decent sized battery I could still see people buying the 12+ just for the premium looking design.  But in any case they should both be about $80 cheaper. 
Fishboy for life!  Everything he does is beautiful and wholesome. 
You are absolutely right.  Even compared to other more western focuses brands like Nokia and Moto; HTC is charging about $80 to much for these phones.  The only reason I said its "not too bad" is because I'm used to HTC's lower end phones being closer to $200 overpriced. 
Most ultra budget phones have fingerprint scanners now.  This is a $200+ phone, it should definitely have a fingerprint scanner.
They start at €200 for the Desire 12 and €250 for the 12+.  For the price you could do better, but it's not as bad of pricing as most of HTCs other budget phones.
>Desire 12 will cost 200 Euro (Around £175/$245) while the Desire 12+ will be a little bit more at 250 Euro (Around £220/$310).

Not to bad, but for how low end the specs on these phones are I feel like you could do a lot better.
The Bed is so good.  And yeah Cruel is fine but not great.
Yes this is definitely the place to start. 
If we disregard genre I think there are easily more than 100 incredible albums that came out in that time frame.  I think most years have 50+ incredible albums.  I don't think they are all essential but 100 notable albums doesn't seem like a stretch to me. 
Thee Oh Sees - Gelatinous Cube
I think it look pretty good, especially if it's in the ~$200 price range. 
Kirby, and you can't stop me. 
I think we should have a vote for the new Subreddit symbol thingy.  Because in my opinion the [new one is kind of boring](https://i.imgur.com/OVbs3Z9.png).
It appears to be trying to harness the energy of Indiehead power users. 
Whatever, Fishboy has retweeted me twice!  Some of my tweets have even broken double digit likes!
Good bot
Personally Sung Tongs is by far my favorite AC album.  It's just so much fun.
Yeah the closest show to Miami is like 20 hours away.

Edit: it's actually only 15 hours, but still.
*Looks at flights from Orlando to Austin*  

Yeah I think I'm gonna have to pass on this one. :/
Evidence that the new text post rules are working.
Oh absolutely, Mount Eerie is a monumental album, but to me the two albums that came before it are much more enjoyable. 
Love this album.  It really doesn't seem to come up around here does it. 
@thedoming I agree.
Actor is by far my favorite.  There are just way to many great songs on that record.  Actor is also the only St. Vincent album that I love every single song off the record.  Not to say that I don't like the other four, but they all have at least one song I'm not particularly fond of.
Fishboy - Classic Creeps

This record is easily in my top ten favorite albums of all time.  It's sort of a rock opera, with I very fun indie pop sound.  Basically it centers around two men trying to go back in time to save a life, and the morally questionable things they have to do to accomplish this.  It's silly, but I also think it is a very notable indie pop record, right up there with Who Will Cut Our Hair When We're Gone.
Glad you all are trying to push links that doesn't require a subscription.  Both apple and Spotify links aren't really helpful for losers like me who use Google Play Music.  Bandcamp seems like the best option. 
I'm glad [ORIGINAL] posts will be limited to active users.  I've noticed a recent influx of randoms posting their music here with very little understanding of what Reddit even is. 
 >  news posts from the following genres are not allowed:

> * Mainstream Rock

Finally we can stop talking about Radiohead.


Edit:
>Radiohead, Arcade Fire, those are the only two things we are allowed to talk about

Never mind.  Please don't ban me. 
One year can make a huge difference, let alone ten. 
I often go between this and It Was Hot, We Stayed in the Water on what my favorite Phil record is.  But The Glow Pt. 2 will probably always be my favorite Phil Elverum song.  The drums are just too good.  If there is one thing stopping Phil's last two records from being his greatest work ever, it's the incredible percussion on The Glow Pt. 2 and  It Was Hot, We Stayed in the Water.
You do not look how I expected you to look.  I had this mental image of a young Ted Cruz, and now I'm disappointed. 
It might just be the Bottle Rocket cover art, but this song is really nice to listen to.  Nothing particularly original about it, but definitely a pleasant experience. 
[It's not good, but I think it counts.](https://beamtaiyorecords.bandcamp.com/album/a-hole-year)
Death Grip

Dismemberment Plan

Mount Eerie

Blood Visions

Those Pickled Fuckers

Morning Teleportation




I don't know six and a half million dollars doesn't seem like that huge of an amount for such a successful band.
That was an odd song.  I really like the way it evolved over time.
I'm only a couple songs in but it's actually kind of good. 

Edit: listened to it twice now, and I like it quite a bit.  I like their messy style, the vocalist is killing it.
Yeah, It seems like at least a couple of those must be fake accounts. 
I usually just wear a shirt for a different band in the hopes that it will lead to a conversation with a stranger that also like that band that isn't the band we're seeing.  But I definitely get what you mean, I usually just try to show my support by getting there early gluing my torso to the stage and singing along to every song.  But I can definitely see a small band appreciating someone wearing their shirt.
Yes.
When I see people wearing a shirt for the band that's playing I usually assume that they are actually bigger fan than me because they love the band so much they don't care about looking like a loser who wears a bands shirt to their own concert.  Although most likely they just aren't aware of the faux pas.
The new The Frontbottoms song has rekindled the my disappointment in Back On Top.  What's y'alls biggest musical disappointment.  
I really hated Back on Top.  I absolutely love the Frontbottoms first few redords and was extremely excited for Back on Top, but my first time listening to it I had to stop because of how utterly disappointed I was.  Their sound had become so generic and dead I found it unlistenablely bad.  There are a couple of songs on the record I can tolerate but trying to pick them out isn't worth having to listen to all those other terrible songs.  Going grey is probably worse but by the time it was coming out I already expected complete trash, so it wasn't as big a deal when that's what I got.

Edit: sorry if I made anyone upset, but downvoting me will not change my opinion on the dumpster fire that is Back on Top.
I believe this is like the last grandma release, Rose, which was a collection of older songs.  But yeah, old song or not, this is a huge improvement over their last two atrocious LP's.
I haven't listened to the M40x's but I've heard they are much better tuned for everyday listening compared to M50's.  I have however listened to M50's, and they have a very forward sound that I personally find unappealing.  I like a neutral sound but I also like sound stage, and the M50's do not have good sound stage at all.  

Obviously it all comes down to personal preference, but my experience with the M50's is that they are meant for analytical listening and are largely unpleasant to listen to regularly.  
Look like Audio Technica's.  Most likely M-50's.  There fairly popular for mixing but not the best for normal listening. 
Sgt. Peppers = The Gay Parade
I feel like the reaction to Everything Now was just people coming to the realization that Arcade fire isn't good.
In app purchase.  It's the same price as pro, but you just keep the original app without ads.
Don't forget FloriDada
It kind of bothers me when all of an older artist most popular songs are from a "best of" record.  You can listen to whatever you want streaming yet people still choose to listen to the best of instead of the original album. 
4th now!  I don't care about sports in anyway, but it might be fun to see all my ridiculous predictions fail.  
I listened to that florist record nearly every morning for the first couple months after it came out.  I love it so much.
Pretty much any of Fishboy's rock operas could be adapted to a musical.
I really want a Nokia 7 Plus but because it doesn't seem like it's coming to the US for a while I was wondering if there would be any reason not to import it from the UK or Germany?  I use at&t and the 7 plus has band 5 so it should work right?
I really enjoyed this album.  It's a huge step up from their last LP, and while I don't think this album can compete with the masterpiece that is Congratulations, I think Little Dark Age is an easy second best. But while I like this album a lot, I do still miss the more spectacular instrumentation of Congradularions.  I have it an 8 but I feel like I enjoyed it more every time I listen to it so I could see myself increasing that to an 9 down the line.
No problem.  I'm always happy to get people to listen to Fishboy.
I think it will be more middle three.  S/T is pretty good.
1.	Marrow
2.	The Strangers
3.	Digital Witness
4.	The Bed
5.	Birth In Reverse
6.	Black Rainbow
7.	Dilettante
8.	Los Ageless
9.	The Neighbors
10.  Hysterical Strength
I try to give every acclaimed album more than one shot.  With the rates for example I like to listen to each album normally at least twice, usually a few days apart, before doing a final listen where I actually rate each song.  But with a few albums I've had trouble getting through them even a single time.  

It is definitely silly to be ashamed of what you enjoy, but it can be really disappointing when an album or artist is loved by a great majority but is unappealing to you personally. I want to love as much music as possible.
And then they break up before ever coming back. :(
You're right, but I guess it's less to do with being a "real Indiehead" and more that i feel like I'm missing out on something.  There is so much music posted here that people with similar tastes to mine seem to absolutely adore, and I want to like them.  I don't want to miss out on good music, but my brain wont let me like stuff.
I just finished the 2007 rate and I’m staring to think I’m not a real Indiehead.  I've taken part in most of the rates so far and like half of the albums we rate don’t really appeal to me.  
The most fun band I know is Fishboy.  I recommend [Classic Creps](https://yofishboy.bandcamp.com/album/classic-creepsif) if you are in the mood for a fun rock opera or [Little D](https://yofishboy.bandcamp.com/album/little-d) if you want more more stand alone songs.
Jeff Rosenstock: POST-

Ty Segall: Freedom's Goblin

Kero Kero Bonito: TOTEP

Screaming Females: All at Once


Knife Man by AJJ.  I don't consider it my favorite album but I feel like the energy of that album would be great live.  Plus the last time I say AJJ, all the Knife man songs were the best part of the show. 
Heart all the way.  Miami is winning this thing.
Ah, ok.  I kept naming my bracket Srtviper, and it would force me to take Srtviper 1.  So I thought the name was already taken or something.  Thanks for the help. 
Thanks.  I was slightly confused.
So what do I do if my username is already taken?  My name is unfortunately one that a sports fan is likely to take. 
Personally my favorite McCafferty project is Forrest Life.  It's a fairly short EP but it has some of their most fun songs, especially "Trees" and "Snakes".
I thought it was "go daddy go", but your version makes more sense.
Personally my favorite in intro Bonito.  But I enjoy all three projects quite a bit.  I'm just glad they continue to evolve, because while I love Bonito Generation, I feel like a whole nother album in that style would get boring.
To me this album is really interesting.  The odd way many of these songs slow down and speed up is very entertaining.  The vocal performance is pleasent but not entirely engaging often blending with the rest of the instruments, with the lyrics seeming to not really matter.  The use of steal drums feels really unique, and I don't think I've ever heard the instrument used quite like this.  

The only problem that keeps me from really loving this album is just how samey it feels.  Each new song is nearly indistinguishable from the last with the same instruments and vocal style being used on every track.  Overall I gave the album a 7 but I still love a lot of these songs, it just doesn't really work as an album.  I find myself getting very bored of this sound after just a few songs. 
Less than a year after indieheads discovered them.
mewithoutYou.  Like many people my middle school years in the mid 2000's were all about cheese metalcore.  So I originally got into mewithoutYou for there agresive scream-heavy first album, but eventually can to love there new (at the time) third album.  That third album was of course Brother, Sister, an art rock album that I still to this day consider one of my favorites of all time.  From there more conventional indie artist like Modest Mouse, and Built to Spill took over.
Diet Cig - I Swear Im Good at This
Ty Segall - Freedoms Goblin
That's so well done.  I really like it.
Is that an RS style bumper of the Fiesta?  I've never seen that before.
Florist is one of the best currently active indie artist.
I wish they would do a pressing of Wriggle.  They could probably even fit it on a 10".
Even worse than that the iPhone 8 a $700 phone has a 65.4% screen-to-body ratio.
I never see people talk about Palehound here!  Both of their albums and all their EP are great.  I was surprised that A Place I'll Always Go didn't get more mentions around AOTY time. 
Your being downvoted because you're being rediculous.  It's fine to think the iPhone X's design is better but to call the s9's bezels "Monstrous" is just insane.  The s9 has increasingly thin bezels, just because it's not quite as slim as the X don't mean it's huge.  Look at Sony phones, the iPhone 8, or the Pixel 2.  That is what large bezels look like, and non of them are really monstrous.

Edit: Looking through this guys history shows that they are just a downvote troll.  Please ignore.
Hop Along!  Getting increasingly excited for their new record.
I was also thinking of going to the Gainesville show but the the two hour drive might make it hard to swing.  Still this is for sure a cool idea.
Not really a fan.  I like the more minimal look of setting past. 
Your right, more music is coming out and more people have access to it.  But the idea that no albums of last year will ever become classics seems like an over glorification of the past.  
I kind of prefer the more minimal style that most of their records have used.  But if their next project has a big change in sound this could be fitting. 
I feel like there are a few albums from 2017 that I will continue to listen to for quite a while.  For me Crack-Up, If Blue Could Be Happiness, Ursa Minor, and Art Guards are all fairly important to me and I doubt I'll abandon them in the coming decade.  

But in any case, whether we like them now or not, plenty of albums from the last year will eventually become classics.  Most likely the classics will just be a mixture of the current most popular albums, and early albums of artists who will gain popularity in the coming years. 
I don't think it's possible for an entire year to go by without a single album coming out that will eventually become a classic.  Looking back 40 years you'll find that every year has dozens of albums that have become critically acclaimed classics.  I don't see how 2017 would be any different.
Ô Paon - Courses
how did you know?  
I kind of like them... What's wrong with me. 
I love my Fiesta ST, but I miss my SRT Neon sometimes.  That thing was rediculously fun for the price.
Very true about the volume system.  The way iOS handled it is very irritating.
That thing looks so ridiculous.  It's kind of hard to believe that a company like Toyota would make such an extreme machine. 
Mods can't change titles, only admins can.
This might be the best picture I've ever seen on this sub. 
[1970-2017](https://i.imgur.com/MiCYXYk.jpg)

I went for only one appearance per artist to avoid to many repeats, and it really helped me discover how little I know about music from the more than 30 years ago.  I was originally going to start in the 60's but quickly discovered how little I know about that decade. I already knew my tastes were entry level.  But this really drove it home. 

Also System of a Down is a great band and anyone who disagrees has a right to there own opinion. 
I think the only reason I like going with people better is because I feel less anxious when I'm with someone I know.  I've gone to a few concerts on my own and I always feel anxious and awkward while waiting for the show to start.  Really the main issue is I'm not good at talking to strangers. 

But once the show starts being by yourself can be nice.  Once the show is over however, it's also nice to have someone to talk to about the concert.  So for me going with someone wins, but they both have positives and negatives. 
Ah, I positively love Truckers Atlas, and consider it one of the best songs ever made. But there are plenty of bands that people on here love that I can't stand either.
Thanks for the suggestion!  I actually already love BB eye.  They definitely do appeal to me in a very similar way.
I don't really care that much for OK Computer.  But I absolutely adore Exit Music (for a film).  
I've been listening to a lot of Lumpy and the Dumpers lately, but I can't seem to find any really grimey fast punk that can compete with the Lumpy energy. 
Yeah if it doesn't end up getting a US release I may just import it (assuming it has the proper bands for AT&T).
I completely stopped coming to this sub for a couple mouths after Teens of Denial came out.
Get Disowned

Diamond Mine
I agree with all of this.
I assume you guys are talking about some dream pop bandcamp artist that copied the name of the greatest album of all time. 
>The Lonesome Crowded West is a more like a Lengthy Crowded Mess. I can't get through it beyond the first couple tracks.

You take that back right now.  LCW is the best album of all time.
The XA2 Ultra does seem like a decent phone but the $450 price tag seems a little high for a phone still using a SD630.  Also while I like a big phone, a 6" screen really needs smaller bezels to avoid being unwieldy. If it was $300 I would definitely consider it, but for $450, the compromises don't seem worth it.  For the price the Nokia 7 plus seems like a better option for me personally.  Thanks for the suggestion though, I wasn't even aware the XA2 Ultra existed until you mentioned it. 
The main problem I have with the G6+ is the is the smallish 3200mah battery. And the Z3 play will likely be out in the Summer and I cant really wait that long.
So you're saying that they still work, just less
Verizon only.... Lame
I don't know, I thought that Moon Hooch set was kind of neat.
What is this?  I've been to legit venues with less space that this "office".  This is a violation of my assumptions. 
It's supposed to be a very efficient chip that is also fairly capable compared to the lower end 400 series chips.  It's not the best chip possible but if the moto e continues to be sub $200 it's likely to be the best chip they would realistically use.  And combined with a 5000mah battery it would have incredible battery life.
My 6P committed suicide in January so for now I'm stuck using an iPhone 6 with a cracked screen.  I really want a Nokia 7 plus but it seems they are taking their time to bring it to the US.  So if Moto can get the E5+ out first I'll probably just get that and save like $200. 
If the really does end up with 5000mah battery and a SD450 I will pre-order that thing for sure.  That would be a battery monster.
That would be insane if they made the higher end E5 better than the lowest end G6.  But with how messy there product line has been it wouldn't be that surprising. 
Z is highest, because it's last in the alphabet. 
After owning a 6p that constantly needed to be charged, I think I now own more USB-c cables than Micro USB. 
Why would they continue to do this?
Oh yeah, you're right.  Still that's a fairly small difference considering that phone was from an even more budget focused phone that came out last year.  Hopefully the rumors are wrong.
I love it.  But it's not on any streaming platforms which means I keep forgetting about it.  I should probably just buy it. 
It will be interesting to see what makes this different from the Moto e5 plus.
Yeah, wasn't the 430 in the Moto e.
Yeah I really want a big battery Moto, but it should be at least a SD630.
The Taxpayers!   
I would argue for Thee Oh Sees or Ty Segall.  But I don't think one of the three are Diffinitively better.
Oh man I completely forgot about the new Ty Segall record.  I need to listen to that thing again.
Nope, only Samsung and Apple phones.
• Apple iPhone X

• Apple iPhone 8

• Apple iPhone 8 Plus

• Samsung Galaxy S8+

• Apple iPhone 7

• Apple iPhone 6s Plus

• Samsung Galaxy S8

• Samsung Galaxy Note8

• Apple iPhone 7 Plus

• Samsung Galaxy S8 Active
My point is that having no bezel at all is currently not possible without serious compromises.  And even phones with a notch still have a bezel that takes up a chuck of display. 
The notch is a bezel.  A poorly placed one.
Oh yeah, forgot about that.
The few that I can think of that could be on this list instead of [Fill in your least favorite Here].

Person Pitch

Hissing Fauna, Are You the Destroyer?

People Who Eat People...

In Rainbows

Wincing the Night Away

All of a Sudden I Miss Everyone

Edit: also:

We Were Dead Before The Ship Even Sank

Sucks Blood

Albatross: How We Failed To Save The Lone State With The Power Of Rock And Roll

Marry Me
Cuckoo Cuckoo = 11
It's up to like 1,300 reply's. That has to be a record for this sub.  Also it seems some people were mass downvoting comments to make there own appear closer to the top.  That's not cool. 
Thanks!  I kind of wish I had done Carrion Crawler/The Dream of Help, but Castlemania is pretty rad too. 
Oh, nothing wrong with asking basic questions. 
ah ok
Wait what was the question?
200 comments in five minutes... This has to me an Indieheads record. 
Hey guys, I adore y’all’s music, old and new.  But, based on your Spotify numbers I was kind of surprised to see that the three big singles from Oracular Spectacular are still somehow the most popular songs in your repertoire.  I was wondering how you guys felt about this?  Obviously those songs helped build your popularity, but at this point do you regret making some of the catchiest songs ever. 
Yes! I am extremely excited about this album.  Hop Along are one of the best bands of the decade. 
Seems McCafferty is going really mid-2000's Emo on this one.  
Really?  That seems surprising.   I don't think I know anyone with an apple music subscription, most everyone seems to use spotify.
Please make it stop.
But the G5 was announced last February, which is why people expected it ti be announced, in addition to all he leaks. 
You can get a Moto e4 plus for $150 and it will do basically anything your average user needs it to do.  The only reason so many people buy $700  phones is because they just assume anything cheap is bad, and don't do any research.
Or at least flagships are.  I don't understand why the average, non-tech-enthusiast doesn't just get a perfectly capable mid-range phone for like $300.  Not everyone should spend $700  on a phone every other year.
[No clue where this is from.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eizISSK9LJY)

Edit: According to [this intervew](http://www.radiok.org/features/shows/alvvays-interview/) its some sort of Antisocialites B-side... only released in Japan? 
Good to hear.  I'll try giving it a good cleaning.
I have the second needle juice pressing.  It's a really good package and a good looking pressing.  My only complain is it has a little more surface noice than most new records, although I might just need to give it a good clean.  But over all it was worth the wait.
yep
It's by Emily Sprague the main person behind Florist.  It's an ambient synth album. 
I have.  I enjoy it and have listened to it a few times while doing other work, but to me the simplicity kind of keeps me from loving it.  I think i'm just not all that into ambient music in general though.
So, I planned on taking this picture back in December, but I decided this wouldn’t be complete without Polygondwanaland.  However, once the giz showed up I completely forgot about posting here.  So here we are, two months into 2018 with a best of 2017 list.

**Alvvays** - [Antisocialites](https://alvvays.bandcamp.com/album/antisocialites)

Antisocialites is a great follow up to Alvvays first, self-titled LP.  It’s a really solid dreamy indie pop album.  It may not do anything incredibly new but is filled to the brim with fun catchy indie pop.

Favorite track: Saved by a Waif


**Mommy Long Legs** - [Rock Product](https://mommylonglegs.bandcamp.com/album/rock-product)

On this four song EP Mommy Log Legs continues to deliver fast paced garbage rock, with predictably poorly recorded buzzing stupidity.  This record definitely isn’t for everyone, but it’s a great garage rock record if you don’t mind your music being pretty dumb. 

Favorite track: Dick Move

**Fishboy** - [Art Guards](https://yofishboy.bandcamp.com/album/art-guards)

This is one of my favorite indie pop records in a while.  This is Fishboy’s eighth record, and like it’s recent processors, is a whimsical rock opera.  Each song acts as a brief character study of some sort of non-traditional artist.  The lyrics are silly and fun the songs are catchy and entertaining.

Favorite track: Popular Photographer

**Fleet Foxes** - [Crack-Up](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLIvS_STeeElYlcNR85WdswvwLJLk9rP9v)

You guys all know this record, it’s great.  It’s folky and beautiful. 
 
Favorite track: I Should See Memphis

**Florist** - [If Blue Could Be Happiness](https://florist.bandcamp.com/album/if-blue-could-be-happiness)

Florist is a very subtle quite artist.  The instrumentals are beautiful and emotional while remaining in the background allowing Emily Sprague’s vocals to take the center stage delivering sad and often surreal lyrics.  I consider this to be the best record of the year, and highly recommend it. 

Favorite track: Glowing Brightly

**King Gizzard And The Lizard Wizard** – [Polygondwanaland](https://kinggizzard.bandcamp.com/album/polygondwanaland)

You all know this one too I’m sure.  It’s (in my opinion) the best psychedelic rock record I’ve heard from this decade, and crumbling castle is one of the best King Giz songs ever.

Favorite track: 	Crumbling Castle

**Lumpy And The Dumpers** - [Those Pickled Fuckers](https://lumpythedumpers.bandcamp.com/album/those-pickled-fuckers)

This is a dumb, fast, hardcore punk record.  It’s this is Lumpy And The Dumpers follow up EP to their 2016 LP, Huff My Sack, and is exactly as gross and stupid as you imagine it.

Favorite track: Attention

**McCafferty** - [Thanks. Sorry. Sure.](https://mccaffertymusic.bandcamp.com/album/thanks-sorry-sure-3)

Thanks. Sorry. Sure. Is a sort of reunion EP after McCafferty brock up a couple years ago.  It’s fairly predictable Emo flavored punk but I don’t think there is anything wrong with getting your angst on every once in a while.

Favorite track: Trailer Trash

**Mount Eerie** - [A Crow Looked At Me](https://pwelverumandsun.bandcamp.com/album/a-crow-looked-at-me)

Phil Elverum delivers his saddest album and possible the saddest record ever.  The composition is very simple with Phil delivering heart wrenching lyrics in an almost audio log-like manner.  Every word in this record serve to sadden, focusing on the death of Phil’s wife Geneviève Castrée.

Favorite track: Soria Moria

**Nana Grizol** - [Ursa Minor](https://orangetwinrecords.bandcamp.com/album/ursa-minor)

Nana Grizol is one of the most genuine bands I’ve ever listened to.  Their lyrics fill me with nostalgia for things that didn’t happen to me and optimism for other people’s lives.  This record is the most straight forward indie rock album on this list, but what it lacks in complexity it makes up for with charm.  Ursa Minor is a warm fuzzy feeling.

Favorite track: Mississippi Swells

**Oh Sees** – [Orc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJfBATT0Ins)

This album is full of energy and technical skill.  While most of my other favorites focus on lyrics and vocal performances over musical talent, Orc, much like Polygondwanaland is all about the instrumental performances. 

Favorite track: The Static God


Edit: added links
Yup.  Hopefully they don't mess this one up.
Oh... Well I guess it's all up to Moto now.
Also the resent split with Heart Attack Man.

Edit: Also the Little Elephant session. 
Drums are pretty important, and can make or break a band.
I mean I like Emo too, but I don't see why this one is getting so much more attention. 
I've seen them live and listened to all there music and honestly, I don't get it.  Not to say I dislike there music, but of all the great small bands out there it seems odd that so many people on /r/indieheads seem to be obsessed with what seems to be a fairly uninteresting band.
Nope, no Renault at all.
That's really cool and looks well done, but yikes.  I am not into that at all.
Talk shows need to fill a musician spot like 3 times a week and as a result quite a few larger indie acts end up on talk shows.  The Oscars on the other hand are only once a year and draw a much larger audience.  So this is definitely more important than showing up on Jimmy Fallon. 
I saw them open for McCafferty back in September, and they seemed like such good friends.  It's kind of sad to see this band coming between them. 
Finally getting to see AJJ tomorrow.  After there last show I was supposed to go to was cancelled, I'm really excited, but also kind of nervous that this one will be cancelled too.   Hopefully I'm just being paranoid.
*cries with a southern accent*
This song is so good.  It's been a while since I was this excited for a new record. 
Yeah, but at least AJJ stayed recognizable, because people already called them AJJ.  I never listened to Teen Suicide, so I don't really care that they changed there name, but American Pleasure Club just sounds like the most generic indie band ever.  I feel like they could have come up with something better.
I've lived in Orlando all my life and just assumed Comic Sans was the national standard for cop car quotes.
Moto e4 plus.  It's main thing is a 5000mah battery, so battery life should be great.  I'm not entirely sure what UK prices look like but it's $150 in the US so I would assume it's around £120 but I'm not sure.  
That's good to know, because I was not really a fan of that split. 
Alright, will do.
McCafferty have quite a few tracks I'm not a fan of but this isn't one of them.  I'm more interested in this song than the majority of Thanks Sorry Sure, although I do hope they have more angsty acoustic tracks left in them. 
Based on he reaction of /r/McCafferty this song will probably be fairly controversial, but I'm enjoying this quite a bit.  I'm really excited to see the direction McCafferty take this album.
Would you expect either to introduce any level of distortion?

Not actually looking for headphones, for a small part of my audio chain, leading to my headphones.  My price range is under $200 but I'll look at anything that fits my needs.


So my use case might be a little odd.  I love playing records on my turntable while simultaneously playing games on my PC, mixing the audio so I can hear both at the same time.  I'm currently using a Rolls MX22s Minimix to combine signals from my PC and turntable, in addition  to providing volume control for my JBL LSR 305s.  

The problem however is that the Rolls seems to be introducing some distortion into the mix.  This is especially notably when using headphones.  If the Rolls is turned only halfway up and I try to push a decent amount of volume to my 6xx's through my Fiio k5 the distortion is fairly noticable.  And the distortion only gets worse the more I turn up the Rolls.  If however, I cut out the Rolls and go straight from either of my sources to the headphone amp, the distortion is gone.

So all that is to ask if there is a compact mixer alternative to the Rolls?  Or should I just give up and get a switch box instead.


So my use case might be a little odd.  I love playing records on my turntable while simultaneously playing games on my PC, mixing the audio so I can hear both at the same time.  I'm currently using a Rolls MX22s Minimix to combine signals from my PC and turntable, in addition  to providing volume control for my JBL LSR 305s.  

The problem however is that the Rolls seems to be introducing some distortion into the mix.  This is especially notably when using headphones.  If the Rolls is turned only halfway up and I try to push a decent amount of volume to my 6xx's through my Fiio k5 the distortion is fairly noticable.  And the distortion only gets worse the more I turn up the Rolls.  If however, I cut out the Rolls and go straight from either of my sources to the headphone amp, the distortion is gone.

So all that is to ask if there is a compact mixer alternative to the Rolls?  Or should I just give up and get a switch box instead.  My price range for a replacement to the Rolls is realistically under $200 but I'll look at anything that can fit my description.
I have never listened to this band before this album, but I've been really enjoying this album.  I particularly love bread, it's probably my favorite song out so far this year.  Although I do think the album can feel a little to samey.  I've found myself only listening to the first half of the album before looking for something else to listen to on a few occasions.  But overall I think this a good album and look forward to hearing more Palm.
Is it you?
System of a Down is great, how dare you.
This isn't going to help shake comparisons to Dont Hug Me Im Scared. 
How did Toy Story Three end up as the only movie of the last 40 years to get on all three lists.  Like it's not bad, but it's definitely not notably good.
Looks like a Moto 360.  I know the newer version works with iOS, but I don't think the original does. 
Stop touching the record like that.  please

Personally I'm waiting for the Moto G6 Play.  Rumors have it getting a 4000mah battery.  Although I'm also looking in the sub $300 category, so our priorities are likely different.
Also it is the only phone here with a finger print scanner on the front, which is quite impressive.  
80.43%  Really good obviously, but not as high a number as the rest of these.  Although ultimately design preferences are personal, so a percentage matters very little in the real world.  Especially a percentage difference of a couple percent or less. 
What difference does it make on a relatively low end phone.  Legit asking, I really don't know.  Is it just better for custom room support?
/r/gatekeeping

Edit:. They literally said "Real Dark Souls fans". That is definitely gate keeping.
I think it's only for physical releases, unfortunately.
I might just end up just using and old Moto E (2015) I had lying around, because right now the ultra budget Moto is running faster than the 6P, lol.  
[8 lol](https://i.imgur.com/RIDhCDz.png)

Edit:. But this int my main device, I'm just using it while I try to sort out my 6p.
Well it looks like it worked.  After a day of running on four cores my phone has not rebooted once.  Only probably is my phone is now very slow, but that was expected.
Ok thanks I'll give it a try.
Alright.  Whats the easiest way to do that?
Yeah at the moment nothing really strikes me as a worthy upgrade.  For my next phone I plan to spend under $300, but I also don't want it to be a downgrade from the 6p.  Based on [rumors](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.androidcentral.com/motorola-phones-releasing-2018%3famp), Moto's 2018 lineup looks pretty good, but I don't think I can wait another few months.
Thanks, I'll give it a try.

Edit: nope didn't work
I did a battery replacement my self about six months ago.  I've considered doing it again but my battery life has been mostly ok, and the reboot thing wasn't an issue before doing the replacement.  But at this point if I'm going try to fix this phone I'd rather not have to put any more money into it.

At this point my best bet might be to switch to an old phone and wait for the new Moto g6 Play to come out.
Update: 4 reboots since posting this... Also I bought the phone through Best Buy, so the chances of getting Google or Huawei to replace are 0%.
The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian 
I really like wait. Personally I would probably put Outlaw as my least favorite (assuming SOWK doesn't count).
I mean it definitely doesn't bother me, but this car is clearly not geared for highway efficiency. 
On long Florida highways 70mph might as well be 40.  Most people are blasting down the highway at 85.  So, while I avoid going that fast, Its hard to keep it under 75.  But luckily I don't need to take the highway very often, so it doesn't effect my mpg day to day.
I don't know.  I'm usually lucky to break 30mpg on the highway, because the car is pegged at 3.5k doing 75.
Oh Mr. Money Bags over here, with radar.
I'm sorry you're so disappointed.  Hopefully the rest of the album will better meet your expectations.  

Personally however, I think this song is great and and while the instrumentation may be simpler than some of the songs on Painted Shut I don't think it sounds like a pop song.  We'll have to wait and see how the rest of the album pans out but if this song is any indication, the album will be incredible.
I'm not sure exactly what the did on DSI but they did not do the majority of the work.  The Wikipedia article is a little vague but I think they mainly worked on translation.
I just checked and on fords website it still says "REMEDY NOT YET AVAILABLE."   So for now there there isn't much to do.  
Yeah, most likely any changes made to the game will be very minor.  QLOC is mostly known for porting Japanese games, and even worked on the PC port of DSI, so it's unlikely that any substantial changes will be made apart from proformance, and visuals.
So probably not worth uninstalling my access port, and having my car stuck at the dealership for a week.
Did they ever come out with a fix in the US?  I got the original recall notice, but never any follow up.
Why, these look rad.
They did that a couple years ago.  I haven't heard of that happening again.
Skate park is the bomb.
[Bandcamp.](https://mimickingbirds.bandcamp.com/)
Black was not my first color choice.  I love the blue and orange but most of all I wanted green.  But the car I ended up with was a much better deal than any more colorful FiSTs I could find.
Oh ok, in that case I am definitely a novice. 
I'm signing up now. What class should I put down?
Thanks for all the info.  I'm going to try to make it to the event on the 11th, and try to get my brother who has a Focus ST to come along.  Hopefully I'll see you there.
Is there anything a noob like me should now before signing up?  Do I need to buy a helmet? 
I've never had the chance to take part in autocross, but would love to take part.
I see that molten orange Fiesta nearly everyday and I desperately want it.  That color is absolutely magnificent. 
Nope, it's a four door.  I think the more likely explanation is it's a north american model that someone added xenon's to(a fairly popular mod in the US).
I'm not sure.  Mine is unfortunately the one in black.  But I think the Fiesta ST has sort of a Euro tuner reputation in some circles. 
Well to be fair this picture was taken at the largest university in the US, but there are also a lot more than three FiST's at UCF.  I probably see five or six on a daily basis. 
I'm pretty sure I've seen your Camaro.  
I'm seriously considering the five hour drive to Atlanta.
Good eye for parking garages
I've never heard of Palm before now.  This is pretty rad.
Isn't pre-sale supposed to be open?  I can't find a working link to buy Orlando tickets.

Edit: Never mind.  Ticketmaster is working now.
Neat. 
That's what I thought at first. But if you go to the Saddle Creek home page you can see the first pressings original color.  It's beige on top purple in the middle and pink on the bottom.  The second pressing appears to be yellow on top blue in the middle, and pink on the bottom.  Again not a big difference, but still a way to tell them apart (assuming the renders are accurate). 

Edit: They updated the home page to show the new pressing.  Trust me I'm not crazy.
Forgot to put it in the title: Releases on Mar 23rd, 2018 
Looks like the color scheme is a little different on the 2nd pressing, but basically the same thing. 
I'm not saying people shouldn't us HDR.  It can be used to improve a picture, but this picture is so extremely altered it looks terrible.  There are halo affects all over the place making the entire scene look artificial.  I guess it comes down to personal preference, but I would much rather see what this place actually looks like, than see this artificial mess.
Even people who don't know how HDR works can still see that this picture is clearly ruined. 
Nice job /u/Snflrr changing the banner so quickly.
Yeah, the book came with my LP, it was a pretty interesting read.  The writing wasn't amazing but the stories defiantly held my attention. 
Taxpayers are the bomb.  I personally prefer, God, Forgive These Bastards but To Risk So Much For One Damn Meal is really great as well.
Really excited for this record.  [This ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exAUP6c4tBg)is the first single, for those who have yet to hear it.
This song is absolutely fantastic.  This album can't come out fast enough. 
I assume either very few people got it, or you just got yours early. 
Hop Along's first three records are incredible.  I expect nothing short of Album of the year from this fourth one. 
This is the first I'm hearing about it, but it seems likely it has something to due with what they have been teasing on Twitter.

The art looks consistent.  Maybe it's the first single off a new album, probably called "Bark your Head Off,".

Edit: [It's official.](https://www.stereogum.com/1979682/hop-along-tease-new-album-bark-your-head-off-dog/news/)

I was thinking, because there are more large cities in a smaller area a band would be more likely to make more stops.
But Europe is way more densely populated.
I just tapped random spots in the blank spot under the comic, and the bonus panel eventually popped up.
I find it really interested that indie acts used to top the vinyl charts, but now more mainstream music is taking over.  I just assumed that larger acts with larger audiences were always on top (mixed in with all the classics of course).
I think it's already a near perfect album, and Truckers Atlas it such an incredible song I can't imagine the album without it.
You're right I'm sorry.
This guy should be banned for being such an awfully person.  First he calls a guy dumb for mentioning his clame seems unlikely, the calls me a fagg*t for making a fairly light hearted comment.  They guy should not be welcome in this community.

Edit: also it makes sense that you removed my comment.  I should not be antagonizeing him.
>  stop being dumb

Well that's all the evidence I need.  This story must be true.

Edit: This very kind individual decided the best way to clear his name was to call me a faggot.  A very classy move from a wonderful person.
People were making those jokes at the 5k milestone, and probably before that.
Not rcr related.
Who would make bots for /r/indieheads?
Hey! I think sara is doing a good job.
I would like to officially start my grass roots campaign to elect this subs first Fishboy Flair. 

 [VOTE FISHBOY 2018](https://imgur.com/a/Q0rep)


Yeah, this sub is growing mega fast.  We went from 100k to 200k way faster than 50k to 100k.
6
Edit:  Sold Out
The Microphones.  It Was Hot.. is one of the best record ever made, and much better than Don't Wake Me Up.
I'm in Your Mind Fuzz

Paper Mâché Dream Balloon

12 Bar Bruise

Polygondwanaland

Nonagon Infinity

Float Along – Fill Your Lungs

Flying Microtonal Banana

Gumboot Soup

Quarters!

Sketches of Brunswick East

Eyes Like the Sky

Murder of the Universe

Oddments
I realized the other day that I never got the chance to showoff my lame entry level playlists I made for my Sufjan last month.   This also serves as a way to reveal the identity of all the music used in the making of my terrible cover art I showed off in [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads/comments/7ifwfu/friday_daily_music_discussion_december_08_2017/dqyoyjk/?context=10000).

So I went for a kind of "two sides of Indie" kind of thing.  Representing both the fun stuff and the boring pretentious stuff.

Dumb Indie-Fun:

[Cover Art](https://i.imgur.com/qPMxQ6t.png)

[Apple Music](https://itunes.apple.com/us/playlist/dumb-indie-fun/pl.u-GgA5klRUZYZKWYd)

[Google Play Music](https://play.google.com/music/playlist/AMaBXykJ5Rfx5YAJD1dE-QdFtWIEoaWu1vKA7U6X_q0ZkMQ7za7NH3wB9n8wz6Uj4bXEApdTzBM1JeMHAl_qN6EXKMwPr0oSfw%3D%3D)

[Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/user/ef2ftx78tiyvh4nuyx027nd3p/playlist/5YOJ94jWfATP6sWvXJYfQJ)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLeKcTF5yYy3IRltRkmVDiozvm_nzDguHh)

The Sophisticated Indie Experience:

[Cover Art](https://i.imgur.com/RcHqKjy.png)

[Apple Music](https://itunes.apple.com/us/playlist/the-sophisticated-indie-experience/pl.u-jV890dWud2dy02X) (Apple likes to region lock music, so this one has a substitution in it.)

[Google Play Music](https://play.google.com/music/playlist/AMaBXylwiZZes2kD9Anr5GzDtxQUJ7_v9Iufcm6TFtDbjcLyWjAGEb7yF-lfb0Ky0XD4uER9BpYJVTJnrzd4PkF3lE9xrDNj0w%3D%3D)

[Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/user/ef2ftx78tiyvh4nuyx027nd3p/playlist/2w6qeWmzaZM3hak2yg4a5r)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLeKcTF5yYy3IB6QmqJvNRaVt6vJsDKBOP)
The writing feels very similar to A Crow Looked At Me, very personal although a little wider in scope.  More auto biography than audio jornal.  The product is still very minimal, but the layering of Phil's voice on top of it's self gives a Sun Kil Moon vibe.  

This is a very heavy, sad song, that surprising fills the entirety of it's nearly 11 minutes with sincerely depressing lyrics.
[Bandcamp link](https://pwelverumandsun.bandcamp.com/album/now-only)
> STEREOGUM: For the hip-hop album, would you actually want to rap?

> SEGALL: No. [laughs] No way. That would be very embarrassing. It’d be just musically.

There goes my dreams.
About $36 with shipping in the US.
But I don't get why any of that would make Sony disallow cross platform play.
Not all games.  There are plenty of small indie titles that don't get trailers on Sony's YouTube channel.  

> But it's nothing as bad in terms of quality as again everything else currently.

What about Switch?  It has way less trash, and allows cross platform play.
It seems to happen every generation.  It's Sony now, but Microsoft was also pulling anti consumer BS back when they had the hottest console.  People defending them, not allowing cross platform play really don't make any sense.
The switch has a much more curated storefront with less terrible trash.  And it allows cross play, between other platforms. 

I think the most likely reason Sony won't allow cross platform play, is because they have the most users and know that people will likely buy whatever console allows them to play online with their friends.  And because Sony has the largest user base your friends most likely have a PS4.  So someone who may have wanted an xbone or switch will just have to get a PS4.
Sony promoted the game on there official YouTube channel, and there are plenty of other terrible games on the platform, like Firefighter simulator and Horse Race Simulator 2016, in addition to dozens of "trophy games”(games with no gameplay that only serve to get the buyer trophies).
Also I used that example because it's not like the game slipped through the cracks.  Sony them selves prompted the game, by posting the games trailer on the official PlayStation YouTube channel.  Other good examples are Firefighter simulator and Horse Race Simulator 2016.
Sony don't allow PS4 players to play with anyone but PC players, while switch xbone and PC players can all play together.
Which is BS considering all the trash they have on there storefront. Life of  Back Tiger, for example.
Made up in the sense that no Dance Punk artist has anything to do with Punk or Dance music. 
They would probably be called "Dance Punk" even though that's a made up genre with no real meaning.
This should be in the side bar.
Good old games for Windows Live.
Yeah that is one of the best songs ever created.  And yet The World at Large and Spitting Venom are still in.
Head South all Day boys.
I agree it's still a decent deal.  But it's the same deal you got when it came out 3 years ago.
[BB eye - Headcheese Heartthrob](https://bbeye.bandcamp.com/album/headcheese-heartthrob).  It's kind of poppy garage rock, but the vocals are ridiculous, with high pitched yelps all over this album.
Just because the switch version is 30fps don't mean it's on a different engine.
Wasn't the first game free with Bayonetta 2 on Wii U?
Yep it is.
!redditgarlic
Nah, vote out The World At Large.
I've been listening to a lot of Lumpy and the Dumpers since they were mentioned in that Ptichforks garage rock list.  It's pretty good grimy crust punk.
You can't stop me
No
Well I really just want to play Dark Souls on the go, I will probably also end up buying it on PC again. 
what
But either way this game should be a lot easier to work on assuming it really is built similarly to DSIII.
On the Japanese page for the game they list xboxonex and PS4 pro as up scaled to 4k and pc as native 4k.


I think there was a fix out within a couple weeks for DSIII.  But hopefully the same fix can be applied to the DSI remaster. 
Try I'm In Your Mind Fuzz 
Well I think PC will be the best way to play it.  But I have an hour between classes this semester that I would love to fill with dark souls. 
Now I'll have to get it on switch and pc
Ive played on a few other people's switches and I think dark souls would probably be best with a pro controller.
I might have to buy a switch now.  Also Funky Kong.
Yeah I know it's ugly but it also only weighs ~2200 pounds.  Which would make it mighty fun with Fiesta ST power.
If the Ka came to the US with a Fiesta ST engine, I would be so happy. 
Oops, I deleted it.
That makes sense.  We went from 100k to 200k way faster than going from 50k to 100k.
Will there be another round of new flairs after we hit 200k?  Because I have a bunch of ideas for flairs no one will vote for.
Yeah, hopefully you got your money back and you didn't get gypped.
Vote Mountain Goats please.  Thanks.
For me the money just came back to my account a week after the show was cancelled.  
I always accidentally read yr as year. 
AJJ is coming back to Florida and Georgia after having to cancel their Atlanta and Gainesville shows.  I am so excited that I will finally be able to see them after the disappointment of driving two hours to Gainesville only for the show to be cancelled.  Hopefully they are as good live as people say they are.
Half the time I listen to Mount Eerie (the album) I just skip I. the sun and go straight for the b side. 
Tickets go on sale Friday. 
[John Dwyer](http://www.theeohsees.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/mini-van-photgraphy-.jpg)
It may be a super lame genre for dorks.  But it's still a lot of fun to listen to, without getting to deep in the culture.
I've seen that a lot on Bandcamp in general, I'm not sure why.
To be clear I mean that Thee Oh Sees and Death Grips are still putting out their best material.  But most of my other favorite active artist are out of their prime (AJJ, Modest Mouse, mewithoutYou, ect).
Fishboy - Little D

My love of The Unicorns and other power pop led me to find Fishboy, and Little D is probably the most Unicorny. 
Thee Oh Sees or Death Grips.  It's kind of hard to choose because they are so different.  Also this made me realize that most of my favorite active artist are out of their prime. 
Love Mind Fuzz, easily one of my top twenty Thee Oh Sees records. 
Are we not men? Might be my favorite, that album was really ahead of it's time
Not much has changed in the past three months.  It still only charges to ~98%, but my battery life is still much better than before doing the swap.  The issue I've had is the screen occasionally stating to pop out of the frame, but this is because I forgot to reinstall the screws that go under the camera glass, and it's to much of a pain to fix. 

Overall my only concern with that battery, is how long it might last in the long run. But so far it's been fine. 
Honestly think it's better than most of what Front Bottoms have put out in a while.
I don't know any of the numbers, but I can only imagine tens of Millions of songs are uploaded to Spotify.  Of course only a small percentage of that will get any recognition.  If anything streaming allows for many artist that would never be heard by anyone, to have a small shot at being discovered. 


I would consider Freshman Year Hop Alongs first record.  Even if they were called Hop Along, Queen Ansleis at the time, and it was sort of a solo project.  But it shares a lot of similarities with Get Disowned, and even shares a couple songs.  Although I'm not really sure how the band feels about the record, maybe they don't count it, but I love it in any case.
I adore Jordaan's style of singing.  The way Jordaan draws out syllables is sort of haunting and sad and really complements their writing style. 

If any of you enjoy this record but haven't explored the rest of Jordaan's discography, I highly recommend the decline of stupid fucking western civilization.  It is most similar to Divorce Lawyers although the big band is replaced with buzzy electric guitar.
That's really exciting.  I love their other three records, and expect nothing but greatness from the band. 
 Thanks for digging up those tweets. 
I saw McCafferty last September and they put on a really fun little show.
I just let Phil Elverum put me into a sort of sleepy depression coma. 
Wait, is a new Hop Along album really coming out this year? 
I know that Sad Sappy Suckers will probably loose all of it's songs in the first four rounds, but I genuinely think point A to Point B is better than a lot of other songs on this list.    
Mommy Long Legs is my favorite. 
I feel like I'm the only one who has no idea what year most record came out.  But here are 3 I could think of:

Nana Grizol - Love it Love it

Paul Baribeau - Grand Ledge

Fleet Foxes - Fleet Foxes
I listened to it at least 20 times.
[Death Grips - Steroids (Crouching Tiger Hidden Gabber Megamix)](https://i1.sndcdn.com/artworks-000223854292-hgptko-t500x500.jpg)
[Florist - If Blue Could Be Happiness](https://f4.bcbits.com/img/a2833252222_10.jpg)
The products I buy make me a better person
This track is great, it's so genuinely unusual and intriguing.
Remo Drive - Greatest Hits
Yes
[ Thee Oh Sees - Gelatinous Cube
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFZR1W5F8W0)
This should have been top 549 songs, so then it could have included the real song of the year.
It kind of feels like an album made up of leftovers from other projects or maybe it's just a stylistic choice.  Either way I think this has some of the better giz songs out this year. 
Based on that rant, probably a lot.
It came out at the end of September.  I suppose that more recent than most, but still three months ago.  Although I will admit that there are a few records on this list I still haven't listened to.  If I weren't already familiar with Florist I might have let it slip by as well.
45.3. Not including the three that didn't make it in.

Edit: If I count each of the 3 as worth 100 points my average comes to 61.7
[Thee Oh Sees](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrMacbbLxuc&t=324s) by far.  Honestly think it's the one of the best live recordings I've seen. 
Honestly while I put Ursa Minor at #4, I'm pretty sure I listened to it more than any other album this year, other than maybe Crack-Up. 
Absolutely, I consider it my AOTY and assumed that a lot of other people felt the same way. 
Overall this is still a good list, even without Nana Grizol, and Fishboy.

Edit: Also just noticed no Diet Cig, come on guys.
I'm kind of surprised Florist is so low, but at least they made it in.
I love mine.  They are definitely worth $200. 
I hope so, Duster's Lament was great.
Well what did you really enjoy this year?  I might  have just let the better games pass me by. 
I'm kind of surprised Back in the Jazz Coffin didn't make it in.  But I'm glad Crumb made it.
Huh I didn't know that.  [looks like the are only $120 right now.](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00NXAEPDC/ref=mp_s_a_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid=1514392611&sr=8-5&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=Micca&dpPl=1&dpID=41-MULbHU8L&ref=plSrch)  they could definitely be a good option.
I don't feel like any game really excited me this year.  But probably Super Mario Odessey.
[Micca MB42X's](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00E7H8GG2/ref=mp_s_a_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1514391140&sr=8-3&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=Micca&dpPl=1&dpID=51xvB4p9W3L&ref=plSrch) are pretty good at $90, but you'll need an amp or receiver.


Or at the higher end of your budget you could get [a set of JBL LSR 305's
](https://www.amazon.com/JBL-LSR305-Professional-Studio-Monitor/dp/B00F1DEI8G) which I own and adore, and being self powered don't require an amp.  But they are probably over kill for an LP60.


Edit: Also if you go with the Micca or similar passive speakers I have heard good things about the [SMSL SA50 amp.](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00F0H8TOC/ref=mp_s_a_1_8?ie=UTF8&qid=1514391865&sr=8-8&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=speaker+amp&dpPl=1&dpID=41BxlxLKxiL&ref=plSrch)
I still have a couple years to go, and I'm dreading every class.
It's the end of the year.  Not a lot of new music is coming out, so most posts are centered around end of year voting and discussing the best albums of the year.  But really this sub is very much a discussion forum.  The daily threads are a big part of this sub.
Naw, I'm enjoying my break before the new semester starts.  No need to speed it up.
/r/regularcarreviews
Hey hey, Florist and Diet Cig on a top 25.  This is a good list my friends.
I'm really glad to see some Orc love.  I was absent from nearly every major end of year list.
I know they have Nick names for each flair in the CSS, but most of them don't have real names.  But its odd that RiF shows that, most apps will only show the name if it's enabled.
It was also be nice to have text assigned to each flair to allow us to know what flair users have on mobile.  Although I know that would be a lot of work on the mods part, and I know you all already have a lot to keep up with.
Thank you friend. 
I really liked Swear I'm Good At This.  I mean of the two Strawberry Jam is probably better, but I would say they are both under rated on metacritic. 
I mostly just use Discogs because I find it somehow satisfying to document things, and feel special watching records I bought cheap rise in value, even though I know I would never sell them. 
[Not really in order, but this is what I got.](https://i.imgur.com/xwrYP9t.jpg)

I just kind of put this together, so I'm probably missing a lot of stuff.
Modest Mouse

I know Strangers wasn't perfect, but I still really want to here all this material that Isaac keeps saying is ready to be released. 
*better
I really like the cover.  I think wired, blurry, out of context pictures really fit the Death Grips sound.  I'm not even being sarcastic I legit think it looks good. 
I really thought this album was going to get more attention.  It is a great deal of fun.
God, I love this album!  It was originally on my #10 on my AOTY list, although I ended up swapping it for Kurk & Courtney.  Everyone should listen to it.
[Fishboy - Art Guards](http://www.albumoftheyear.org/album/97508-fishboy-art-guards.php)

I know Fishboy may have a bit of a childish persona, but I really think Fishboy is one of the best Power pop bands putting out music today.  Their last few albums have been rock operas that tell whimsical imposable stories.  

Art Guards continues this trend with each song being preformed from the perspective of a difference character.  As the album progresses each of the characters begin to form connections with each other, with all of them eventually coming together in the final song.  Each character is also some for of Artist with there own personal arch, growing and changing as an artist.

The music and writing is always fun and child like with plenty of power pop energy.  It may not be for everyone and will likely put off many with it's silly stories and sugary sweet presentation.  But I personally had more fun with this record than any other out this year.


Edit: That album of the year website doesn't even have this album listed, so I think I win.

[Here](https://www.allmusic.com/album/art-guards-mw0003052825) is an All Music link instead.

Edit II: Added the album to albumoftheyear.org and then linked to it.
> That's a very nice turntable

Is what you said.  Which isn't true.  No beef, you just said something that was the opposite of the truth.
That's a lot of Giz.
If you haven't listen to their first album Love It Love It, I highly recommend it.  It's a little more Folk-ish than Ursa Minor, but is definitely among my favorite Indie pop records. 
Well you're a better indie head than me.  Good luck on your noble mission. 
That's actually a really cheap turntable.
Do you  actually plan to listen to the all of them?
Some how they passed me by.  But after about 5 solid listens in the past day.  I can say for sure that is a really fun album.
1. Florist - If Blue Could Be happiness
2. Fishboy - Art Guards
3. Fleet Foxes - Crack Up
4. Nana Gizol - Ursa Minor
5. Mount Eerie - A Crow Looked At Me
6. Oh Sees - Orc
7. Alvvays - Antisocialites
8. King Gizzard & the Lizard Wizard - Polygondwanaland
9. Diet Cig - Swear I'm Good At This
10. Courtney Barnett & Kurt Vile - Lotta Sea Lice
I think I might have a problem. 
As the year comes to a close I have been trying to figure out what my favorite song of the year is.  I realized this is probably it, and being that I don't see much Fishboy posted here, I thought some of you may not have heard this song yet.  
Why did no one tell me about Charly Bliss?
Listen to what?
1. Death Grips - Steroids (Crouching Tiger Hidden Gabber Megamix)
2. AJJ - Back in the Jazz Coffin
3. McCafferty - Thanks. Sorry. Sure.
4. Animal Collective - Meeting of the Waters
5. Crumb - Locket
