I'd have been happy with one movie a week if they ditched the no repeat viewings rule.
You can't spell harassment without ass men.
LOL!  Wasn't me, I swear!
That's clearly the only reason they re-enabled a movie a day.  With the no-repeats, it's pretty much impossible to see a movie a day.
No thanks.  Too much bulk on the back.
I feel like I need to have the bottom of the phone well-supported, or I feel like I'll drop it.
The other day I was cleaning up my random junk and came across my first iPhone (1st Gen).  Man, every portion of the screen was touchable and usable one-handed.

Of course, it was tiny.
Got married anyway.  25th anniversary later this year.
I liked the "get in your car and it'll take you home if you don't tell it anything" story.
My king size mattress on my bed doesn't cost $1000.  I find this almost insulting.
I sure didn't.  Technology aside, I have no faith it'll be legislatively allowed in my state within 5 years of when the AP2 was announced.  That's why I plopped down for EAP, but no way am I paying in advance for FSD.
All the mounting and unmounting...
Yes. Also custom ROMs like lineage offer an alternative for this situation.
When did he do that?
Yeah, lineage is a very good option.
I think they should have smart phones.  I don't think it's right to give them cast-offs that have serious security vulnerabilities.  I think it's not within the scope of realistic thinking that kernel patches and other security updates will be released by the vendors on phones they don't support anymore.

I think dumb phones are the safer and more responsible option unless people like you commit to updating the software regularly.

Putting lineage on them is a start, that is much longer lived than the official versions, but I think unloading abandonware on poor countries is a bad idea for all parties.

And if you think security patches are a first world problem, then perhaps we should just let them run Ubuntu 9 and XP and see how well that goes.

I can say it's one sure way to get their entire IP network blacklisted from many places.
Put a \\ before the \#.
Odd coincidence, both played Marilyn Monroe in "Norma Jean & Marilyn" for HBO.
Tell you what.  Let me know when you start working in data and IT security and I'll pay attention to you.

Until then, I'm tuning you out, because you're *clearly* uninformed.
I love mine.  Hung on to my Nexus 5X as long as I could, but once it stopped getting updates I went for this.

(But don't tell /u/justforked2018 - he thinks I use an iPhone for some reason.)
https://frinkiac.com/video/S07E05/7aNf4Ds6sPurglgXg8OesvXNGX0=.gif
> Previous generation used phones dont have to have old software with security problems... you made that up. 

No. I didn't.

But you know what, you go ahead and wish unsupported phones with no security patches on poor folks, since they don't deserve to have patched systems and data security.  That's only for us first worlders!

Let's set 'em all up with Windows XP!
What exactly is uninformed about it?
> I agree. Poor people shouldn't have technology

Who on earth said that?

I said it's something to consider.

But hey, please keep putting words in my mouth.

What's your solution, since you're so wise?
To do it efficiently when you're the one paying for power, yeah.

When someone else is footing the bill, it doesn't matter if it costs more to mine than it produces.
You can mine coins on any processor.  Whether it's efficient to do so is a separate question, but not relevant if you're not paying for the energy to do it.
Step one: Whenever you tell someone your age, add 20 years to it.
It's a long way from [this](http://www.retroland.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/MacAndMeFinal.png) to [this](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/eb/Paul_Rudd_2_SDCC_2014.jpg/1200px-Paul_Rudd_2_SDCC_2014.jpg)
This is one of the arguments for omitting the headphone jack.  I don't have strong feelings one way or the other.

One thing I miss with the new thinner laptop?  Kensington lock ports.
I've got a USB Blu-ray I use for the occasional rip of CD/DVD/BD...  I'm set.
If the hardware goes out of support (which is the fate of many smartphones and the reason a number of people upgrade), you end up with a phone that's got security vulnerabilities.  So we could have lots of third world phones happily mining coins and being a botnet.
Hm, yeah, I guess I'd read it was on the provider as to how long their auth token as good for, but perhaps it is HBO who's timing it out.

That being said, both my Roku and AppleTV seem to happily cache my DirecTV Now authentication for quite a long time.  I haven't had to reauth in a month, at least.
Then the optical drive eventually.
Actually, it's whatever cable provider that is used for authentication, not HBO.
Then when do they dream of electric sheep?
That's okay, your post didn't provide anything either, so it's all even.

Best of luck with the windmill tilting.
I'm not making excuses for anyone.  Sorry I tried to help you understand.

I couldn't give a shit if you buy another ecobee product.  I don't give a shit what you do.
reddit is currently hosting images and I see more and more i.reddit.com links in posts these days.
This is Amazon's fault.  Amazon makes Echo, a device with the Alexa assistant.  Amazon has chosen to let others integrate Alexa in their devices.  The Ecobee has Alexa, but it is not an Echo.  The features you want are Echo features.

The Ecobee (and their new switch with Alexa) also lack the ability to pair with a bluetooth speaker.

A shame, really.  If you'd already got an echo, I can't imagine a reason to get an Ecobee 4 over an Ecobee 3 (unless those aren't available anymore).
My point was you said trendy interiors and exteriors don't hold up well with age, and my point is almost everything you see around these days  was a trend at some point, including the ones in this poster.  So the ones that *do* hold up well were also trendy in their day.
The Fox glow puck had problems like this, IIRC
Weren't the homes in the OP trendy at some point?
For some reason I thought he was on the ESPN pre-game show for ABC's Monday Night Football.  I was mistaken.
Both you and /u/Amazing_Archigram are acting like children.  Chill out.
>  Does this apply to someone who has not been notified of the change?

You'll need to update the app (it won't let you check in otherwise).  The first time you open the updated app, you're getting notified.
"Friendly"
If I could use it for advance tickets, I'd be more amenable to keeping it.  If I want to see something opening weekend, MoviePass isn't going to be useful for that where I live.
I clicked the "support" link on their webpage.
That's right, just in the studio, and only for a couple of weeks.
Sunday night's probably better.  Broadcast vs cable, ratings, etc.
The Rush Limbaugh year...
Theismann was ESPN's primetime guy, for better or worse, for 18 years.
I suppose that's possible.   Time will tell, I suppose.
/r/TeslaLounge or [Experience Thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/88o8v0/april_2018_experience_megathread/?sort=new&utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=usertext&utm_name=teslamotors&utm_content=t5_2s3j5) please.
Of course.

But again I ask why would it impact coverage on Fi?  What do you think is going to happen?
Why would it?
Cool.  They are, though.  They can also block you for any reason they want.  They can *even* prevent you from reading them at all.

Meanwhile the thing you're complaining about isn't even a block and is just a CSS trick that you can ignore and isn't even noticed by mobile apps.
Oh, that's probably it.
Probably requires using the IRC or XMPP gateway, which I think is being phased out (if not already).

EDIT: https://www.theregister.co.uk/2018/03/09/slack_cuts_ties_to_irc_and_xmpp/
Okay.  But you also come here and say they shouldn't be allowed to do it.
I understand perfectly.  Android Pay requires a lock on the device.  I don't want to *have* to have a lock on my watch.  Ever.

I thought I wanted Android Pay on my watch.

I realize because of this, I don't.


I think you misunderstand my two week old comment.

I don't want to have to lock my watch.
What a bamboozle!
You should probably just avoid those subreddits.   The mods are perfectly entitled to do exactly what you're complaining about.
So just presume it's bad and call someone you don't know scummy.
>I'm not saying they need to move away from those beers

Um

> How about adapting and moving away from the flagships

That is exactly what you said.
I laughed at her schtick on the roasts, but on this I mostly find her grating.
She's just trying to join the conversation.
Yup my bad.
Oh duh, I missed that.
~~How is this related to Google Play Music?~~

Edit: missed that he asked about Spotify as well.
Move away from the successful beers that continue to sell well!
But what have you done for me lately?
Fixing formatting for you:

Lurker here, first time poster and on mobile (I see that that's an issue for formatting sometimes?).

I think this belongs here, let me know if it's not.

Some background; I am ill, coughing like a 50 a day smoker, nose blocking like a hairy man's shower drain, snot bloody everywhere.
I am a stock replen supervisor for a retail chain in the UK, often called Bits Missing by workers and customers alike.

Rightio, last evening I went to work and did lighter duties than I usually would (Facing the store and stocking the specials at the front of the store and whatnot instead of running around the store stocking the shelves wearing myself out physically).
The other supervisor, OS, was fine with this and I warned in my nightly handover for the management, M, that I'd possibly need to do so again the next shift (today)

Resulting in this happening about an hour ago;
I get to work and am about to go off and do light duties when  
OS - "M want you working stock"  
Me - "I can't, I'm sick and that'll make me worse."  
OS - "You'll want to go talk to M about it"  

After trying to find M to be told this particular member of M is in the office wanting to see me I go in.

Store M - "hiya you alright?"  
Me - "No. Not really" (coughs here and there)  
SM - "oh ok" he was a bit taken aback  
Deputy M - "What's wrong with you?"  
Me - "some kind of cold/flu I don't know" (I'm not a doctor what do you want from me?)  
DM - "Right. Well either you work stock or go home"  
Me - "OK, I'll go home then."  

\- Compliance has never felt so good-  

Cherry on top? I found out before I went to the office that they got a much bigger delivery than they expected today, so I'm pretty sure they were trying to bluff me into working stock since the warehouse was so backed up before this and DM was staying late tonight and we think she was going to do the facing.

I'll believe it when it hits the phone.
Okay, buddy.  I've been tested by your linguistic jujitsu.
> Are you really arguing there is no disincentive for them to stop US sales until end of quarter?

I am arguing the bill is not discouraging sales in the US for EVs and that the fact that Tesla is trying to maximise the number at the end of the incentive demonstrates it fulfilled its purpose of bootstrapping the process and bringing costs down overall.

>You either have no understanding of this bill or are bring purposely obtuse.

Enlighten me.  Please tell me how the bill works and what its purpose is.  I've given my take on it, I'd like to hear yours.
I'm not dodging anything (like your deleted reply where you attempted to quote me saying something then realized it failed at that.)

It is not discouraging sales in the US for EVs.

The incentive is designed to bootstrap the process of manufacturing and selling electric vehicles and goes away after quotas are met **on a manufacturer by manufacturer basis**. After that quota had been met, the manufacturer had reached the goal of the incentive, and the incentive has fulfilled its purpose.

EDIT: [Looks like there's plenty of incentive for automakers who haven't reached the quota yet.](https://d2t6ms4cjod3h9.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/federal-credit-phaseout-estimation-chart-v2016-final.png).
They have video only prime, but not shipping only.
Excellent idea!

Everyone should chip in to help Tesla buyers forever!
Depends on the motivation of the legislation.  I always thought it was to incentivise the bootstrapping process and help ease the costs of developing the technology.  If consumers had to pay up front entirely for Nissan or Toyota or Tesla to develop electric vehicles, it would be cost prohibitive.

So instead, a bite is taken out of it with this incentive, with the idea that by the time you've sold 200k cars, you should have the process in place and efficiencies from that can be realized.

Kinda like what Tesla has done.
When did I say it's no longer necessary?  I've been reading over this, and I never once said that.

The incentive is designed to bootstrap the process and goes away after quotas are met on a manufacturer by manufacturer basis.  After that quota had been met, the manufacturer had reached the goal of the incentive, and the incentive has fulfilled its purpose.
Have you complained to DirecTV Now?
Can't speak to what you can and can't afford, but the LR battery will outlive the SR battery - those precious metals are providing a longer life if you're not using the extra range.
No, you said that the incentive to make EVs going away is discouraging making EVs.

You asked if I believed the intent was to encourage then discourage.

Clearly, I don't.  But that absurd argument made me tune you out.

But I'll tell you what, I'll engage.

It is still going on for *some* other manufacturers because they haven't made the incentivized quota yet.

When was the last Toyota credit issued?  They met their maximums some time ago.
As a Newfoundlander, I was always amused when someone with a thick Newfoundland accent was subtitled when shown on National TV.    I imagine this is not different.
You're right, silly me.  Clearly it should go on forever and ever.
This is why I come to reddit.  Insightful commentary like this.
Out of curiosity, isn't the price difference between an SR without an incentive and the LR with pretty much a wash?
On the contrary, it fulfilled its intent.  It was to incentivize EV production until it didn't need incentivizing anymore.
Amen
It's a catch-22.  If the cheapos improve their service, that price isn't sustainable anymore and they stop being cheap.
Well, here's the thing. As long as people keep stuffing money in their pocket, they have no incentive to improve.
Novel concept: stop flying with shitty airlines just because they're cheap.  They're cheap for a reason. But people keep going back for their punishment.
Just a bit.
Sounds to me like you already had an open marriage, you just didn't know you did.
Do those apps (I don't use them) have their own custom notification settings in them that are overriding?
That was my thought, too.
Ha, cool!
Might wanna ping /u/ayu_tsukimiya - of the three mods that's the only one that's been active in recent history.
If it breaks RES, I'm going right back to old.
I'm just using www.reddit.com.  Are they forcing this yet?
Yikes.  So wholesome!  Such Bamboozle!
Way faster than Roku.  But I dislike the Apple interface, though.  The Roku/Fire interaction is better IMHO.  I don't like having to hit menu then have four clicks to get to the guide.

Also, the guide doesn't loop.  When you get to the bottom, it stops.  Very annoying.
"seats"
The microphone on mine only works if I'm not wearing the watch.  In my wrist it never hears a word I say.
How are your age and gender relevant?
Yikes!  That's a wholesome bamboozle right there.
I see what you're saying.  I think it neuters the concept somewhat if you already know the end result (even though there's entertainment in watching the journey).
What are you talking about?

The writers would need to be careful not to reveal how their history differs from ours.

I don't know how what you said in any way changes that.
For example:

>If we know that in their history, Abraham Lincoln wasn't assassinated at the Ford Theater, then we'd know that at some point that's what was going to happen in order for them to succeed.

We would, in that situation, hide the fact that Lincoln was not assassinated in Ford Theater in their timeline.

If their timeline is different from ours, but the actions of the teams are causing it to align with the history we know, the viewer can't be made aware of those differences or else they'll know what's going to be the end result.
I don't think you understand what I said at all.
You need to hide it from the viewer.
Amen.  Make a ray gun!  ptchiew ptchiew!
The Fire TV pendant is super fast and surprised the hell out of me.  I think I prefer it to the Apple TV (though my Apple TV is a 4th gen, not a 4k).
Whenever I bring my American friends who've only had KFC or Popeyes, they totally agree that Mary Browns is the best.  So not just nostalgia. :)
I'll keep my eyes open for it next time I'm on that side of the island.

But, for my money, Mary Browns is the best fried chicken I can get.  I get it any time I'm north of the border.  I live in Chicago, and they've got things they swear are awesome fried chicken, but it doesn't even come close.
Do you have some sort of home automation to tie it into?  That will help with many of the tasks you're looking at.

I'm going to be putting in a Schlage Touchscreen since it will work with my Smartthings hub and I can set up routines.

Isn't the client the thing that displays Plex News, regardless of the server you connect to?

I don't think I'd want someone's server changing what my client can and can't connect to.
> Isn't subscription revenue enough?

Is it possible that it isn't?
Does it affect AP?  No, it just makes the car accelerate slower.
Not in stock right now, but https://store.google.com/product/moshi_usb_c_headphone_adapter_charger

Alternately, something like https://smile.amazon.com/Ableconn-USBC-4APD-Delivery-MacBook-Chromebook/dp/B01HEIRKNA with a USB-A to C adapter would let you use the included dongle in one of the USB ports.
Man, I loved my Nexus 7s (the 2012 somewhat less than the 2013).
Compared to the black, the white and red were slippery.  Not as bad as the glass ones, obviously, but the black had a nice rubbery feel.
By this logic, anyone complaining about headphone jacks is a Luddite.  The market's certainly treating them that way.
The black Nexus 5, I'm presuming.  The red one (and white ones) were slippery.
But /r/android keeps telling me bezels are evil.
It is less efficient.  It will take longer and will cost you more per charge.
I use it when I have AP engaged in heavier traffic (or in possibly slippery conditions) so the car isn't so eager to quickly fill the gap if the car ahead of me moves ahead quickly.
> Idk who you can even compare him to

Well, he wrote "Nothing Compares 2 U", so...
Sure.

But that's not buying access to a DTV account off the dark web.
Okay, buddy.
I'm not interested in selling my account, but you're really constructing some implausible situations.

I haven't heard once of anything like what you're describing.
I bought it from Reddit back when they sold them.
It never was.  I've been on Reddit since the beginning.  I've got an original Reddit bobblehead.  No orange.

https://streamable.com/vcx0q
It's all a myth.  Gold, too.
About twenty times in the next month.
What's a better fried chicken than Mary Brown's?
Chafes was great, I love going there.
Only drawback is that each ticket saves as its own entry in the list of things like loyalty cards.  In the ticketmaster app, I can swipe from one ticket to the next when I have a pair of tickets.  In the Google Pay app I need to bring each one up individually:

https://i.imgur.com/i5CdOOz.png
It was via the ticketmaster app that I got the option.

https://i.imgur.com/y5vAUIq.jpg
Of course they're working on it.  We've seen the videos.

But, I mean, when I bought my first Model S, I was told it would have FSD at some point.  And then AP2 came.  And suddenly my AP1 Tesla had peaked in terms of its autonomy capabilities.

So now, the car I have after I traded in my AP1 Tesla will ostensibly have FSD at some point.

Unless they change their tune again.

And none of this considers the legislative aspect of it.  Maybe they release it, and California okays it, but other states don't.  What happens then?

Did you read the contract?  Is it in writing that you'll get a refund if it doesn't get released?  Is there a time frame on what counts as never getting released?  If it's perpetually "coming soon", they can claim they intend to release it in perpetuity.
Exactly.  Everyone's hero should have a Pat Tillman.
I blame my mobile client not handling imgur /gallery links properly.
Ah, could be.  I didn't mean to imply she isn't - I've never watched VOY beyond the first season.  I was just saying I hadn't heard her singled out as an amazing actor.
> I can’t see paying for a feature now that isn’t even legal.

That's my take.  I've always got the option of paying for it down the road (with a $1000 premium for doing it after the fact), but given there's no timeline on when it might happen, I figure I'll just wait and see how well it works, if my car will be suitable equipped to do it (or if they end up changing their mind on what AP2 is actually capable of), and when it'll be legal in my area.

Then I'll pay for it.
If only there were some button on reddit to somehow signify this.
If it's a class action suit, the lawyers get most of that.
Prepares?  I just added two ticketmaster tickets to my G Pay last night.
I'm always curious about the people who pay for the one feature that there's no actual guarantee will ever happen.

What will you do if full self driving is never released?  Or if it's never allowed legislatively in your area?
One of his hero's Pat Tillman.  Can't you read?
Can we complain about the apostrophe catastrophe?
Jeri Ryan?  Can't say I've heard her singled out as an incredible Star Trek actor.

BTW, you want incredible - Doug Jones emotes like crazy with no facial expression and contacts worse than Spiner's.
By this logic, people in wheelchairs should not be allowed to use regular restrooms.
Congrats.  There are mega threads for this.
It's calling for heat.  If it worked in the past and stopped, it sounds like your heat pump isn't working.

If it never worked, it could be your wiring.
It's an upvote with money.
And why is that?
In all honesty, what Star Trek series didn't get better after Season One?
Thanks, bby!
Swell
I'm not sure I understand your point.
~~Image appears to have been removed.~~

Mobile client barfed on /gallery link.
Why are you considering it?  What's the delay?  I'm not sure I understand all the hesitancy.  Just do it.  I thought this post was announcing it, but no, it's announcing that you're strongly considering it.

Right now my feed is populated with duplicate posts as people post  to both.
Well, I'm seeing old phrases multiple times a day on Reddit.
Not near as much as "bamboozle" and "wholesome".
Absolutely.
Because the tax code changed and got rid of lots of deductions.

Edit: quick web search.  Also, it already had to be 2% of your AGI to be deductible.

>Money you spent on certain job costs, such as license and regulatory fees, required medical tests, and unreimbursed continuing education, was available as an itemized deduction to the extent that it and other miscellaneous deductions exceeded 2% of your adjusted gross income. Now, you won't be able to deduct these costs anymore, making it even more worth your while to try to get your employer to pay them on your behalf.
I'm suspect that it's not anymore under the new tax code.
That's what I did with mine - did the job nicely.
I used mine for exactly two days before I succumbed and got a case.
The vikings were in the Super Bowl in 1992?

EDIT: Oh, I see.  The Twins won the 1991 league championship, and this is since then.
But he won't need to clean messy rooms!
You seem nice.
Khan and Kirk in wrath of Khan.  Never even met during filming, and their parts were filmed separately.
You forgot requests for him to do an AMA.
The next Judd Apatow movie.
Live sports is probably the main reason I use DTVN.  Everything else I can get after the fact.
You implied he shouldn't.

I wouldn't do that to my car, but there's nothing wrong with people personalizing their cars to their taste.
Interesting, guess I'll try that.  Thanks.
No.

It's not an episode.
How did you get the Android app without an invite?  I'm in the beta, but since my gmail account isn't the same e-mail address I use for DTV Now, it won't let me get it.
Level: typical driver these days.
Quantum Leap did that with their JFK episode.

Prior to his intervention, both JFK and Jackie were killed, so he saved Jackie.

The tough part with something like that is hiding the twist.  If we know that in their history, Abraham Lincoln wasn't assassinated at the Ford Theater, then we'd know that at some point that's what was going to happen in order for them to succeed.
Pamphlets, BTW.
But...

The watch makes you do this as part of the install process.  It makes you go through all the things before it lets you do anything.

How did you get to here without doing it?
Okay.
To be fair, the plunge they refer to is share price, not market share.
No pricing you ever get is guaranteed forever.

There's no end date on the promo pricing.  They reserve the right to change it whenever they want.
My 5x was repaired by lg earlier this week and is scheduled to arrive today.
That's what I suspected.  Thanks for the answer.
Yes, this is the case for many people.

However "I want to drink beer, but it can't taste like beer" is a silly condition.  OP doesn't want to drink beer.
The rig with the chopper in it was cool, but the lotus was cooler. 
 And the [other rig](http://forums.aths.org/InstantForum2010/Uploads/Images/adbde851-83df-4742-a6ba-dee6.jpg) was awesome.


Yeah, nobody remembers that show.
[The Highwayman.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Highwayman_\(TV_series\))

That's probably for the best.
Man, I wish my name was Bus.
I like what Chromecast allows me to do, but I really don't want to have to rely on having a second device to drive my TV.  It's neat if I'm watching a video and I can throw it up on the chromecast to share with my wife or others in the room, but when it's time to actually watch a show or movie, I go right to the interface of my Roku or AppleTV (or Fire TV).
I don't know if I can trust a Lemon Pledge.
That's good, because two chops is what's specifically required.
Stick to malternatives like others have suggested.  Why try to drink beer if you don't like beer?
Except the "beer" flavor :)
So why beer?
You're right.  OP should just not drink beer.
Friday night would be best.  Expectations are lower in that slot.
A Belgian Dubbel or other Trappist would probably fit the bill nicely.
> Yeah cats are pretty much natural outdoor creatures.

Are there animals that aren't?
Humans, animals, cars, diseases.
Excellent news.  More ammo against password expiration.
Oh man, that's good news.
As much as I hate required password changes, NIST still has that in their guidelines as well, no?
I think you mean Files Go.
#THANK YOU
You've instantly made me stop regretting my watch doesn't have NFC.
How so?  It's just blue, isn't it?
Glen A Larson, RIP.
Perhaps retests wouldn't need to be as stringent as initial ones.
This is my thing.  Why apply it only to the elderly?
What exactly will this "big move" entail?  Will posting be turned off on /r/androidwear?  (He asked hopefully so he can stop seeing the same posts twice.)
Or just make the roku a replaceable module.
I've noticed I've seen it more than once, but never more than once in any given session.  I just presumed it was due to Beta updates, since my noticing it roughly correlated with updates.  You may have something else wonky going on.
If I'm at a road trip and I'm queuing at a supercharger due to non-Teslas, I'll be pretty put out.
The machines I use all have my dropbox on them, so my dotfiles are symlinks to ~/Dropbox/config/<foo> accordingly.  Where I need machine-specific bits, I have a machine-specific supplement (.zshrc  sources .zsh-local at the end).
After plugging it in, you need to power off the TV.  It only detects whether the USB is storage or ethernet at power-up.
I plugged a USB ethernet adapter into mine and it works just fine for wired.
I've got a 2.5 year old TCL 40" Roku TV.  It's been just fine.  However the thing you need to consider is that you've just bought a roku embedded in a TV.  It may be blazing fast now, but 2.5 years from now you may find it struggling to do things the latest stick has no problem with.

Solution?  You end up plugging a new Roku into your Roku.
I think I only see this the first time I open it after an update.
The wonderful thing about opinions is that everyone's entitled to them.  Even the wrong ones, like your preference of the D over E. :)
There's legitimately a seven year old rule that you can't call someone a shill?

I like you dude, but I disbelieve you.
You could configure the harmony to treat the device as "always on" and it won't worry about the power state.
First thing I do when I set up a Harmony remote is hide the original remotes. :)
The more confusing bit.

The exact same poster (/u/shelolslkmtstream) posted this exact same picture to /r/funny 4 months ago, without the asterisk.

https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/7huopd/just_fucking_look/ 
Oh, man, catch-22.  
Have you tried using the roku phone app?
I'm confused by the asterisk.
Not really appropriate for this sub.  Check /r/help or something.
https://media.giphy.com/media/fcEQaKl4KTtrq/giphy.gif
It's all a lead up to his CTE suit.
I have seen Teslas for sale at Carmax and other dealers as long as 1.5 years ago.
Ernie Coombs and Bob Homme!  (Both born American, but became Canadian citizens, so it counts.)
This is helpful.  Good contribution.
http://www.fishingfury.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/02/spacefish.jpg
Sadly, yes.
I still do.
FYI, https://www.reddit.com/r/ChildrenFallingOver/comments/8bh5sz/preparing_for_launch/
Off to see a play in the city after dinner and drinks beforehand.
Probably not, but it's hard to say.  In this current life and reality, I didn't specifically choose against having children, I just never at point chose to do it.  I didn't "try" to be childfree, that's just my natural state and nothing changed it.

In a different time and society, I may have made different decisions.  I may have been in a situation where I thought "I should have children."

Who we are today is the product of a lifetime of situations and decisions coming out of those situations.  If you change those situations and decisions, we're not the same people, so it's kind of impossible to say.

I mean, a couple of centuries ago, I wouldn't be an IT manager.  I'd have a different career, probably even something like farming or fishing.  Those situations lead to different decisions.
Nope?
What about a younger man?
The brick video?
The friends I drifted away from were not the train wreck you're describing here.  We just drifted apart because their lives were centered on their children and there was a lot less crossover.  We'll start doing more together after the kids are grown.
Yup.  That's a watch alright.
/u/fatalconceit1929 dipping into his vast well of insults.  Comes up with... "douche".  Yet again.
Almost.  But not quite.  But you seem nice.
Cool.
Yeah, he seems pretty worked up.
Are the Carleton Ravens playing playoff hockey?
taunting the opposing goalie when you're losing is an awesome tradition.
Ha!  Yeah, exactly.
I'm not butthurt.  I think it's hilarious to taunt a goalie when you're losing, though.
Just doin' perd things.
And the chant comes *after* the go-ahead goal.
All of us on the beta got this email.
I'm willing to bet it's more widespread than Cali.  I know Chicago's got at least one like it.
Serious answer.

Yes, Tesla Customer Service exists.
How is this a rule 4 violation?
That makes sense.
Saw it tonight.  Big theater, and only 6 other people in the cinema.

The silence was impressive.
Maybe I'll switch back from Inbox.
They were much bigger for a while in the US.  Major expansion, many new franchises.  These days, they're very scattered (~~and still the #2 sub chain, surprisingly~~).

I just checked, Chicago area has one in the city proper, and a handful in the burbs, some pretty far flung.

Edit: Wikipedia sucks
I've sat there for minutes shouting at my watch like an idiot, tapping the "tap to speak" after it times out on not hearing me.
You can't restore backups from newer version onto older ones.
Okay.

Not sure how that's relevant to whether there's a rail service at each end, but cool.
And?

The auto train for the chunnel takes you from a station on one side of the channel to the other.  You drive on, stay in your car, and drive off.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eurotunnel_Shuttle
This will end in an out of court settlement/agreement.  That's my prediction.
So's Koch's, TBH.
The chunnel is rail only.  Seems to be working out for them.
You do not.  The documentation says not to.
Kelsey Grammer (though not many lines for him.)
I can't believe at no point did anyone on Stone's legal team say "Hey, let's make sure nobody's used the 'Stone' mark in relation to beer before us."
Well, I can't root for MC because their practices and history are all about limiting how much choice you have in the beer you drink.  If not for people like Greg Koch, Sam Calagione, Jim Koch, Fritz Maytag, and others whose breweries are now big, we'd only have to choose between which American Adjunct Lager we'd want to drink, Bud, Miller, or Coors.

So these guys got big and demonstrated that America has a taste for good, well-made beer.  At first BMC ignored it, then became threatened by it and tried to quash it using a combination of their distributor networks and by introducing "craft" brands that weren't craft.  Ultimately, they just started acquiring them.

So I can't root for them in this, because they're just bad actors in the industry.  But I think Koch made a shortsighted move in pursuing this (and hyping it the way he did).  I'm not rooting for him to fail.

Honestly, I think the best outcome from this is that he tucks his tail between his legs and they sign a mutual agreement on the use of the "stone" mark and call it a day.
It seems to me the core of MC's counterclaim is that the mark isn't Stone Brewing's to protect.
Well, I haven't either, but MillerCoors demonstrated use of the mark before Stone Brewing even existed.  When talking about trademark protection, it's all about confusing two products.  The fact that both of these products are beer means Stone Brewing may have stirred up a pot that they shouldn't have.
The sparky kind.
Dude poked the bear a bit too hard.  This is going to be interesting.  I can't root for MillerCoors here, but I really think Stone's suit was foolhardy.
> Trump’s tweet announcing a missile strike against Syria comes despite the fact that he has said in the past that he does not want to telegraph his military actions before they are taken.

Because up until now he's been the model of stability and consistency.
If the Nexus 5x is at 8.1, the Moto x4 on 8.0 won't restore a damn thing.  In fact, it won't even show the 8.1 devices as having backed up.

This is a tidbit we learned on vacation when we replaced a bootlooping 5x with an x4.  Can't restore up.
Fixing up formatting for you

Ten years ago I was working as an electrician and one of our largest accounts was 7-11. They were starting to sell the stores as franchises and became increasingly tight on their maintenance budget. I received an assignment in South Miami for repair of the cooler lights (apparently a customer got shocked when touching the door), as an emergency call in the evening, and had to drive almost 2 hours in rush hour traffic to get there. About 15 min from the store I get a call from my Service Manager (SM). It goes something like this: 

SM: Give me a call once you get there and assess the situation.  
Me: Ok sure.  
SM: And they're only giving us 4 hours for the job.  
Me: I hope that doesn't include travel time...  
SM: 4 hours including travel. Can't go over!  
Me: Alright but that doesn't even give me a half hour to work.  
SM: 4 hours! Can't go over!  
Me: Fine. I'll give you a call when I get there.  

Arrived to the store, opened up the cooler door lights and see what needs to be done. A proper fix will take 2-3 hours. I call back SM. 

Me: Hey this is the issue ..... It's going to take 2-3 hours here.  
SM: I already told you it can't go over 4 hours. That's all the customer has given us.  
Me: Can't be done. What do you want me to do?  
SM: I already told you! Fix the lights and keep your time to 4 hours!  
Me: Again that's not possible... (I'm an electrician not a magician).  
SM: So you want us to pay you for all your time when we are only going to get paid for 4 hours? Do you expect the company to just eat all of this cost? Get it done and don't bill over 4 hours!  
Me: You got it boss  

By this time I only had about 15 min left of actual time to work. I went in, disconnected the ballast, capped off the wiring and shut off that circuit. Now they had no cooler lights! But at least there was no risk of anyone getting hurt. Got my time sheet signed and left. 

Next day I get a call from SM. 

SM: Just got a call about the store last night. Apparently the lights never got fixed. What the hell happened?!  
Me: Well I only had a half hour at the store. I didn't have time to replace the ballasts. (Continued explaining exactly what was done).  
SM: Are you serious? You went all the way down there and just turned off the breaker! Now we have to go back under warranty! Go back down there and repair the lights!  
Me: How long do I have this time?  
SM: Just fix it properly and let me know when you're done.  
Me: You got it boss  

Went back down to the store, fixed the lights properly and left. Billed 8 hours since it basically took all day with travel. A full day that I got paid and the company didn't, when I could have just stayed a couple extra hours to do it right the first time. SM never gave me a shit about how long a job will take again.

(via mobile ;)
Some are between 18 and 24 months.
Amen.  Shout out to Metropolitan, too.
I should be clear - the issue I'm seeing is the watch doesn't *hear* me.  It acts like I haven't said anything.

It happens on my Fossil Marshall and Founder.  And, yeah, I'm guessing it's a Fossil problem.
It must happen more often than I might think - it never happens to me.  Hasn't in years.
Wow, that early in the series?  Damn!  Thanks!
Improved voice recognition?

My 2.0 watches barely understand a word I say.  I wonder if it's a problem with Fossil.
The tip I learned is tell them you're installing wiring for a welder.
I used to be able to buy low priced economy tickets overseas and apply miles to upgrade them to business class without paying the penalty to bring the fare to full fare on United.

I used to find the flights, get to where I needed to pay for them, but indicate I would call with my credit card info instead of putting it in online.

It would save the itinerary and give me instructions to call. (It would show I'd need to pay a couple of thousand dollars plus my miles.)

The next morning, I would be able to recall the itinerary, and process payment.  I'd get the upgrade (and it would deduct my miles), but at the low sale fare and not the higher full fare.

I did that for four years.  They fixed it last year.
It all started with the introduction of Thursday Night Football.
Step 6 has me stymied.
Voice mail is for calls I don't answer.

It's not like spammers are going to leave you voicemail.  Hell, over half the calls I answer are just hang ups.
Yes.

Let's make it a "look at my pre-roll" circle jerk!
>Writing this on mobile so sorry if formatting is screwy...

I'm not picking on you, but I see this a lot.

I fall to understand how writing on a mobile somehow precludes someone from hitting enter twice after a paragraph.
He was intentionally being an asshole.

I found him reprehensible this episode, even for him.
Okay.  There was some thing with nuggets where they had a deal that was targeted at those who are bad at math.
Not at McDonald's!
The extra value is not having to do math!
Aren't the 20 pack of mcnuggets also a bad deal?  I just refer to it as the ignorance tax.
There are third parties who provide that sort of service, I believe.
I fall to see how that's different.
Can we please just get back to complaining about headphone ports and dongles?
"You must be fun at parties"
I like to imagine you wander Reddit from thread to thread and randomly interject that phrase inappropriately like you did here.
Agree completely.  Some people here like to emulate the theater (or DVD) experience, even if it includes the annoying stuff.  ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯  to each their own.
You hit me tonight as well, for some reason.
Man, remember "[Facebook phones](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTC_Salsa)"?
It will still be cheaper, but it's worth remembering if you call using hangouts, all your calls are originating in the US.  

For example, if you're in the UK and you call a UK number, you're going to be charged the Hangouts/Google Voice calling rate from the US to the UK (1c/min).
Late 2016 was visting London and went to see No Man's Land with both of these fine actors in the leads.

I'm glad I did. An entertainment highlight of my life.
And a place to eat seafood in between.
A place for cars to live in.
Ah, cool, I'll rewatch and catch up.
Or, alternately, instead of just commenting "this", upvote the parent.  Then you don't have to worry about formatting.
I noted my collection to Goodwill years ago, along with just about every other VHS TV collection I had.
I mean, if there is no official collective noun, perhaps starship is as close to official as it gets thanks to our evolving living language.
I've seen the Tom Hanks one, it was the first one I'd seen, with last night's being the second.

Which is weird, because I watch the damn show every week - those other sketches must not have stuck with me.
Have there been others?
Why are you asking about ice?
Looks like the site's down right now.
Bill Bailey was touring during this taping period.
I was at the Parts taping.  Ed Balls was entertaining.
To live in.
I'm surviving, somehow.
Heh, it's okay.
Holy shit, we've had this discussion before! :)

https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/7wfbh5/currently_8_points_out_of_a_playoff_spot_the/du07mra/?context=100

LOL
Yeah, I found that out this year.  I've been bugging them for the partial plan if nothing else, but I won't find out about that until this summer.  When we joined we were in the 10k range, but turnover's been super low (as you also know).
I've been on the list since 2010.  Two years ago we got standing room season tickets.  We should be near the top at this point (they're very coy and non-commital when I ask about it).  Last year was fun, this year was brutal.  
I was really mostly poking fun at the wording of "we".  I should have gone with my first thought of "Well, shit, that's the problem!  We shouldn't have been on the ice and instead let the players do it."

Yup, we've been spoiled, and this season has been a correction.  I'm hoping a silver lining is the fucking brokers cancel their season tickets so I can get better seats instead of this standing room bullshit.
Huh.  My RES tags show me having upvoted you a bunch of times, so clearly I agree with you on a bunch of stuff.

I guess I'm sad that you're sad.

But more than that, I'm sad at this season.  Angry, too.  Thousands of dollars I spent this year to stand around and watch my team lose.  Lots of fun for me, I tell ya!
And yet here we are.
Replace "joke" with "season" and shout it at the Hawks!
They went into effect before Easter weekend - I noticed them on the Jane Adams last week.
It was a joke, chumly.  Lighten the fuck up.
TIL we try to win for players, instead of the players winning for us.

EDIT: Ooh, damn.  This is amazing.
That's not an off brand.  That's a specific food item Walmart developed in house and is exclusive to them on their brand.

https://www.npr.org/sections/money/2017/11/17/564956657/episode-806-walmarts-pickle
This same guy was in The Ref, which starred Kevin Spacey.  The circle is complete.
Apparently this is an exhibition they do with some regularity.  Makes for more entertaining TV.
https://youtu.be/-AKCautrK-U is concise and caught me up a bit.
(or Android auto)
Given mine is nagging me to change my filter, I think you're not looking hard enough.
funt
Holy fuck, yes!  "American by choice!"
Yeah, exactly.  I think he could have pulled off taskmaster, but it wasn't going to happen.  Also, maybe Louis CK (pre controversy).
As am I!
I remember I enjoyed both a great deal.
Colbert as taskmaster.

I'm worried 10 minutes will be "confessional" interviews.
Which is hilarious given how many of those advertisers don't exist anymore.

I heart my Rdio button.
You should get a shark tank contestant from future years.
Does every site they delist create an antitrust suit?

Christ, that's gotta be awful.
yes all the time lol
They should have removed getty from searches instead.
I kinda feel like it's a fundamental right any of us have to decide we don't want to live anymore.  And to make someone go on living when they don't want to seems cruel.

I'm all for helping people, but to put someone through what they probably feel like is torture because we might find a cure seems cruel to me.
Tea biscuits!
Okay, I've figured it out.  On the devices screen, white means it's participating in the comfort setting.

On the sensors screen it indicates occupancy.
Ha, that's cute.  I know at least one very successful bar in Chicago you keep trying to "rescue".
The test of a true Chicagoan is having an opinion (occasionally violently so) over another adult's condiment preferences.
You aren't, friend.
I'm not bothered by bezels generally.  I think my phone's gorgeous and have no issues with the bezel.
Abdicates.
Sadly, I think every sub dedicated to a woman celebrity is most likely going to be creepy.  
Yeah, I hope it picks up numbers, obviously.  I'm just saying those numbers are probably not that unexpected.
Member 105, bby.
The article itself says the premiere numbers are in line with the season finale numbers.
Smart recovery
Yay!
Also, the border on the numbers themselves symbolizes the fact that Tennessee, like most states, has a border!
Yup, it's great.  It's how I found out about the betrayal, when it switched from green to black.
Yeah, I watched it tick over on https://circleoftrust-scoreboard.herokuapp.com/

BOOOO!
Aww.
https://www.reddit.com/r/GreenBayPackers/comments/mfumi/so_packer_redditors_where_are_you/c30krsl/ (6 years ago)

https://www.reddit.com/r/GreenBayPackers/comments/efkwn/this_is_an_outrage/c17qjxe/ (7 years ago)

Edit: And yeah, shareholder baby!
May Rodgers have a healthy year!

And we bow our heads for Jordy, he will be missed.
Reporting for duty!
I once bought hundreds of dollars of school supplies for some random teacher.
I'm just an old timer old school redditor who doesn't understand this circle thing and why are you kids on my lawn?
We know who the sausage king of this circle is!
I also giggle at mudchute.
I'm sad it's not obvious.  I felt like I dripped enough of it to be a safety hazard.
Yeah.  That's what's wrong with wear.  Not enough watchfaces.
I love how the actress starts giggling every time she starts swearing.
It's funny you and I are pretty much at the same spot.  I just finished the episode before the book club.

Also, and this isn't a spoiler, I am not a series of bats.
So when you say no betrayals allowed, you mean there is a certain amount.
I'm in bby!
[I disagree completely](https://youtu.be/mUvdXxhLPa8)
https://i.imgur.com/eeHdzqH.png
I'm confused and scared.

EDIT: This is BS.  I joined this before the outage, but it's claiming I'm not joined, but if I try to join I get an error.  Sigh.
Joel released a few to Kickstarter backers.
So you have?
Nobody hates it.  Everybody loves the removal of the headphone jack.

There have been literally no posts on Reddit ever complaining about the removal of the headphone jack.
I bought mine in London last month while on travel to replace a dead phone.  I bought it at Curry's (which, it turns out it's the same as Carphone Warehouse).  It was a little like buying from a Google store in person.  I got a Google branded cloth bag as well.  The guy who served me looked like he was a Google employee, then he handed me off to the Carphone Warehouse staff for checkout.
Fuck, there was some great pasta here and it got deleted!

Luckily, I clipped it.  Anyone know the source?

Edit: found it: https://www.reddit.com/r/aprilfools/comments/88qzul/_/dwnc3n6

----

Alright then. How about NOT putting up a fucking pop-up saying "sssoon" a day before? How--How about /u/spez not lying to us and saying they're not doing an April Fool's thing this year? And don't pull that "Well technically it's not--" Fuck you, if they're starting it on April Fool's day with the pop-up, it IS an April-bloody-Fools Day event.

One announcement. That's all they needed to do. One. They could've saved us all this bullshit and time-wasting with /r/sneksnek.

And I'm really not too salty about all of this happening. I'm kind of salty at the admins for not announcing anything and putting in the "sssssoon" way too early. But I'm also salty at anyone trying to tell me we shouldn't have expected the admins to do stuff on Easter when they clearly have access to the site. They added the "ssssoon", we had that reply from spez in the group chat (Which could easily have been an official post instead of a side thing less people have access to and which came off as dubious to me), and we had the reply from toasties here.

People are just upset that they had all this build-up and didn't deflate people's hype until after the fact. Rather than just come out and say "We have an event tomorrow instead", they waited until a good while after the fact to say anything. And what they did say is contradictory.

Spez's comment contradicts the pop-up on the Snoo, AND toasties' comment. Their unclear bullshit is, I'd hope, unrelated to the actual event but at the same time that just makes me wonder how well thought-out this is. As I've already posted twice: Are we going to find out this was just some dumb social experiment to find out how people react to being given a cryptic clue on the one fucking day a year when people are especially open to cracking codes and shit?

Like, this event was poorly-planned, no matter how you slice it. As others have said, they had an entire year to do this. And I'd even be willing to excuse the failure on the actual coding or creation of whatever the event is, if they had communicated with us in a timely manner rather than letting some unofficial person waste everyone's time while they (as I just mentioned) continued to contradict each other.

Really, I just expected better from the people who run such a huge site. Should I not have expected that much? I mean it seems pretty clear-cut to me. If there's misinformation out there, should I NOT collaborate with the group I'm working with to make sure we're sending out a clear, consistent message? If something comes up, am I not supposed to let affected people know, particularly when I know confusion could be caused?

This seems like high school-level stuff. I'm not referring to the programming here, I'm referring to the communication aspect. I apologize for rambling here but this is nonsense I've seen with MULTIPLE communities. I've seen issues of communication with the developers of Team Fortress 2 AND the developer of Hearthstone (Team 5 and by extension Blizzard).

I don't think it's entitlement. If it is, I'm sorry, I don't want to come off as some entitled prick who expects to be catered to every minute of the day. But there's thousands upon thousands of people here who deserve better than contradictory and spurious information from the administrators on this site.
If the Blackhawks are going to suck, it seems fitting the Blackhawks V2 do likewise.
It just displays the barcode for your Starbucks card.  Point tracking is via the Starbucks app and website.
No, it's new to Smashville.  Can't you read?
I don't understand how this picture can exist.

Must be an April fool's day joke.
Stocard.
Thank you.
Potato is a great name!
I think /r/androidcirclejerk is where this belongs.
So in /r/startrek we're downvoting interesting discussion topics?  Come on, people.
Driving through Wisconsin, a HyVee in Madison had four packs and bombers just sitting there.  That's nice to see, I grew quite tired of the whale chasing and gave it to years ago.
Mine only did that when I put it in the microwave.
So yes
Because it was cute and they knew it was going to happen
So this sub is just "Trump does stupid Trump things" now?
Ha!

No, not trying to shame you at all.

Now let's start covering ourselves in shit together, before the neighbors wonder what we're up to!
Guess we may as well cover ourselves in shit, then.
Sounds more like a shitty TV show to me.
Where's the Trump voter regret?
And what other people think of your phone choice affects if you can feed your family how, exactly?
Because covering oneself in shit is equivalent to which phone you use.

Christ, that's asinine.
Oh, interesting.  Do they no longer reboot independently?
Both will detect, but the home should override and handle the request.
I disagree with your assertion as to who does and doesn't watch animation.
I think the better lesson is stop giving a shit what strangers think of your choice in phones.
Then don't enable that option.  That's what option means.
I thought the MCU just handled the center screen.
Probably a neighbor's sensor?
No, it's the kids of boomers doing that.
What's MBC?
Okay.
Thanks!
I'm out of the loop here, what's going on with the bean?
A kind I'd certainly hire and treat well.
He's quoting the guy who made the video, it's the last line.
Eeek!
I was thinking moss.
"still"?

Mine's working just fine, always has.
You can use whatever on your phone via bluetooth.

But the app in North American cars has Slacker as the music app.
[Ernie Coombs got his start working for Fred Rogers.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernie_Coombs)
The date in the upper right looks to be March 20-something, so independent of whose pic it is, that's a Christmas tree in March.
And yet you respond to the guy who says "don't eat cows" by saying "you wouldn't stop someone from eating a dog!"

So, really, come on.
I don't think he's arguing for eating dogs.
Why are the only choices glass or metal?  It's almost as if we've forgotten this wonderful 20th century material that's been awful common.
> It’s not that I have anything against them and the “buy local” arguments against chains annoy me... but they don’t deserve the “excitement” and “intrigue” they produce in NL.

Dude, make up your mind.
Unsubscribe
Oh, there is certainly such a thing. It's just up to you to decide for yourself if it's worth it or not.
>This DVR service is a fucking ~~joke.~~ beta. Plain and simple.

You're a bad beta tester.
This describes me, too.  I'm not dating or anything, so I've got no dating app to advertise in, but I don't wear some "childfree" label because people that do tend to be kind of obnoxious about it.

The fact that I'm childfree isn't part of my identity.  It honestly isn't even a conscious choice I made - it's more the absence of choosing to have a child.  My default status since I was born was "non-parent", and at no point did something change that.  So it's not something I think about or advertise.
https://i.imgur.com/nssXQzV.gifv
Not to be pedantic, and I'm tuning out after this but:

>Because I allow them to track all my calls in exchange for their service

"in exchange for their service" is implying exactly what I said.
yes he did
You implied our payment for the service was letting them track us, as opposed to that actual money we pay them.
[I think you mean this](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/fallout/images/5/5b/Oh-you-Dog.jpg/revision/latest/thumbnail-down/width/400/height/400?cb=20130213155526)
One becomes adept at identifying "horseshit".
I get you.
I'd offer insight, but I've stopped trying to use Assistant on my Fossil watches.  The Founder (Gen 1) and Marshall both take forever to spin up the assistant and don't hear me most of the time.
I always loved Picard's visible unease at being touched by her.
Blackhawks went electronic only the season I started getting season tickets.  I was bummed.
Gimme five bees for a quarter!
Well that's original.
g pay is so much faster than chip cards.
You may want to look into FOSTA before declaring you're not in legally hot (or warm} water.

The very site you  list as an example (Craigslist) got rid of a bunch of stuff in response to FOSTA.
It's all about context.  Depends on who is saying it and how they mean it.

Without context, words are meaningless.
I believe it's a known issue and will be fixed in the next update.
Agreed on all counts.  Cheers.
I will buy local 95% of the time unless I'm craving something very particular.  There's an embarrassment of riches when it comes to good local beer, and I enjoy that as much as I can.
Biologically, it's easier for males to lose weight than females due to how we store and carry fat.
Because they're owned by Heineken and distributed accordingly.
But Fry came back in time and loved with Seymour again in Bender's Big Score.
Value is subjective, of course.  There are people who feel complaint threads don't add value.
> after almost a year with the 2XL

It was released in October, how'd you manage that?
He just wanted to share the memory of an asshat getting his ass handed to him.
I've spent 45+ years with the button on one side.  Even though it's no longer for winding, I just can't get used to the concept of a single button on the left side of the watch face.  I'd feel like I was putting it on upside down.
I haven't up or downvoted this post, however you should consider something.

Upvoting a post means "I want to see more of this sort of thing".  Downvoting it means "I want to see less of this sort of thing".

People who are tired of seeing complaints will downvote complaints.

It's pretty much how reddit's supposed to work.

EDIT: Irony.
Ha, I bet!
The ticwatch.  It's on the wrong side.
I've no desire to sell my plan.  And I'm adding HBO back when my free period ends at end of month.  Quite happy with it, and I don't care about the DVR.
I just can't get over that button placement.