You don't have to go.  Portland is way too big and far from other big cities to not have more sports teams.
Do you know if you can activate Google assistant on these?
Not even sure what I would Google here...
I'm not familiar.  What is this.
Allo is absolutely killing my battery.  40% loss atributed to Allo.  For 3 minutes of active use.
No Brent. No best show.
I don't get it. Who is Richard.
I would now start someone out on studio albums
What is this reference?
Were you there?  Alpine 89 is my favorite 3 night run of all time.  Especially the last night 7/19/89.  If I could go back and catch only one run of shows, any period, it would would be Alpine.
Really like that tune. Sucks it got a bad wrap and was abandoned.
89-90 are my personal favorite
Isn't that basically the same thing?
I love farma
I don't have a specific one in mind but the versions with Brent were the best
Booze did not kill Jerry.  By all accounts he rarely drank.  Cigarettes, diabetes, poor diet, and heroin did him in.
Encryption is a niche issue most people don't care about
Hands w turf? Eli5
The Dylan covers were great too.  Probably better.  Simple Twist of Fate crushes the soul.
Google photos does not automatically convert to slow mo.  You have to go out of your way to opt in.
My understanding though is this will only be the case when my carrier afopts rcs.
It's such an awesome app though.  My favorite.
I love Allo :(
Where do you see play time?  I can never find it
Who is mokie.  I'm not familiar
I have a pixel2xl and am not sure what you are referring to.  What is the issue?
Wtf world do you live in where an 11 year old isn't a kid?
Omg.  Is that true?
YouTube red alone makes it better
I refuse to accept that you could have played Halo 3 "as a kid" and not still be a kid.
I don't think clouds cast is a grateful dead songm. Am I wrong?
Great way to put one of the main things I love about that period.
Me too.  Weird loud Bobby is best Bobby.
Lots of really good shows in the 90s.
I have never heard of this dude or have any idea how to pronounce that.  Makes me feel satisfied and old at the same time.
I can add more.  But I'm mostly just interested in best prices.  We both have Pixel 2xls, live in Portland, or and get pretty good service on all carriers. 
Why do you own 2 of the most expensive phones you can buy?
Serious: I want midi Mayer so bad
Almost every version of phil and Friends that has existed for the last 20 years has been much closer.
Really curious where y'all are finding bars with jukeboxes let alone jukeboxes with the grateful dead.  I think it has been 10 or 12 years since I have seen a working jukebox
Where do y'all go that has jukeboxes? Let alone ones with the grateful dead.  I don't think I have seen a real jukebox in 10 or 12 years.
I don't think I would frequent a bar where non-offfensive music actually made folks leave
That's true
noun

a person killed or injured in a war or accident.


They are the exact same thing
Not familiar.  More info?
Listen to grateful dead and friends on kboo 90.7 Saturdays from 12-2 for good music and the latest updates on local grateful dead related music.
Gpm is the best streaming service for dead fans
And he absolutely crushes it
This was an amazing read.  Thanks so much for posting.
Facebook groups are a cesspool.  Proceed with caution.
I don't get what the request is
Why when it's all in the archive?
Love that show
I am a big Dead and Co fan but the constant defense of them on this sub is out of hand and far outweighs the tiny few detractors.
I was in high school in the late 90s and was mostly into punk and hardcore.  I had both American beauty and workingman's dead, I dont even remember how or why at this point, and thought both were pleasant and a relaxing break from what I normally listened to.

Somewhere around 97 a friend and I traded something and I was on the receiving end of without a net.  I was not ready.  Today I believe that 89-90 is THE peak of the Dead.  But at the time I questioned why the band that had produced those two nice studio albums would bother with this.  I was 16.

Cut to the year 2000 and I am at Camp Creek.  19, and a lot has changed.  Left my family at 17 due to issues with my folks.  Broke up with my high school girlfriend.  I was a mess.  Anywho, I took some ecstasy for the first time one night and had an awesome time.  Around 5 in the morning someone offered me what I would now recognize as a strip of about 5 hits of acid.  I had never hallucinated before.  I got spun af.  Mind bending shit.  I talked to a cricket for what felt like hours.  I originally tried to tell him he was in my tent.  But the truth was my tent was in his field.  And so on.

Things got a little dark for a while.  My mind was a cluster.  And then our neighbors started playing the dead when they woke up. The only song I remember was hard to handle.  Probably because I recognized it so well from the black crows version.  Whatever show they were listening to was just enough to save me from madness.  So much power.  Only the brute Force of the grateful dead could have gotten to me at that point.

That was it for me.  I fell in hard and have never gotten out.  And do not mean to ever get out.  

Now we play for life.
So bummed 3/29/90 not in the finals
Whole thing really is amazing.  It's 7/19/89 for me.  Best first set ever imo.  And a Dew for the ages.
Thanks.  No hate here either.  I just disagree.  
Is there more of this
Alpine 89 is tops for me.  Also Greek 85, Knock spring 90 and MSG fall 90.
That's interesting.  For me it's no comparison.  Brent is significantly more talented, full of life and jives with the band much better.
Fore Brent is full of life and Keith is almost boring in comparison.  I can't fathom folks not loving Brent.  Forget liking.
Do you just play single player?
Who is he?
I think there is a good argument that his backing vocals were even better and more important than his amazing keyboard work.
The Merriweather Shakedown is almost cliche at this point but still worth mentioning.  Best Shakedown of all time.  Ever.
Ummmmmmmmmm...
Wtf is Price wearing on his feet?  They look like space boots.
Hey Donna, Thanks for doing this.  I'm wondering how well you got to know Elvis and his inner circle?  What were they like? I hear a lot of strange stories and Elvis and his crew.
Busta Rhymes at UMass in 2004.  He came out hours late, only played for about an hour, and spent most of that time ridiculing or making fun of the crowd.  Complaining the ladies were too fat and the dudes too white.  

It was a free concert and I still paid too much.
It's not 6pm central yet
Zero.  That's the beauty of the archive.
High school kids are thinking that high nicotine concentrates are god now?

Christ I am old.
More info on Vince being mad at billy for something to do with Hawaii?  That is a new one.
I reviewed the sub and don't get it at all.  Can you elilate30s juul?
The entire archive
I don't think this is accurate.  Diabetes was just as much of a problem.
78>77
Listen to some 89-90 and don't worry about every single show from 72.

Thank me later.
Your friend is an idiot and you are foolish for listening to him
This is not accurate.  I have been catching shows regularly since 01 and you just don't see that stuff like your hear about in the 80s and 90s.  Sure, you can find a junkie if you look.  But the scene is pretty chill.
Is cowboy thing confirmed?  That would be awesome.
You need to bring some 89-91 Dark Star into your life
"If everybody thought about society and human interactions the way that i do the whole world would burn to the ground" - cgpgrey


My new favorite quote
Bobby is a smoker?
Needs more 89-90
Isn't this how all hunters do it?
I love this sub.  It is my absolute favorite thing on the internet.  I read the title again and do not get it.

Eli5?
I feel like this is not accurate. Do you mean just for a little while?
I was there! Good time.
What do you mean by " both verses"?
Welcome to the city.  Sure you will love it.

Listen to kboo 90.7fm on Saturday noon to 2 for grateful dead and friends for answers to all of your questions.
I don't get this post or why it has so many up votes.


For.recod big grateful dead and star wars fan.  No idea who this is a picture of or reference to Jerry.
Op specifically calls out no Phil and friends.  Even mentions Trey who had only played with the Dead a fraction of the amount Warren has.
Warren Haynes has played with members of the dead more than just about any living guitarist
An I reading this correctly that it is not actually a TV show but an app?

I can even begin to comprehend how that is supposed to work.
Should I avoid it
Have you considered getting a roku?  I prefer to have both a Chromecast and Roku set up.  Best of both worlds.
The bad memes and TV show references on this sub are getting bad.
Ok 3 posts on this.  What the heck is hq and how are you all playing or watching it or whatever you do
What is this screen shot from
Best form.
Are there any guests or just the base band?
Cops haven't profiled people for grateful dead gear in decades
That's right.  I haven't thought of that in ages...
36 as a matter of fact
Who is in this band?
7/4/89
What is that a reference to?
Wrong sub? What are the Colorado athletics?
Wtf do you have to smoke to not love Odyssey
How do you do all this at the same exact time as playing a video game?  Or am I missing something fundamental here.
How do you do all that while playing video games?
Who do you talk to while playing video games?  Do people that play overwatch  really 28k friends?  Are they all random strangers?  Do you talk only to people that you are online gaming with?  Or do you talk to all fans of a particular game?  How do you type and play video games?

So many questions from a man in his late 30s.
Til what a bottle episode is
#neverforget
Helpful.

A few people had some weird blue light issue.  That's it. The phone is the best on the market.
I am more sick of the Mayer defenders than anything.  

I dig the dude.  I really like Dead and Company.  It's great.

Every once in a blue moon I see someone say they don't like him or them.  Way more often I see a post like this defending him or them.  It's not necessary.


Have a pixel 2xl with no issues.  The whole thing was way overblown.
Exactly this. Fare The Well changed everything.
I dig the tune.  Partially because it has a good beat.  And partially because it offends hippies sensibilities.
Everything says 100%
7/19/89 

Also includes my favorite Desolation Row and top notch versions of Sugaree and Althea.
Which Portland
I guess meant the fact the fact that they are neighbors.  By all means, op souls check Phish out.  Why not.  Can't hurt.
Welcome to a life of only listening to 3hr albums
I can't agree.  Very different styles of music.  Both have value.  But not much in common.
That is why way more people died in wars back then.
Lols
What does afk stand for
Really hope Brent era wins out
I would love it's all over now baby blue
This is where living on West coast pays off
So good
Who knew?  ;)
Saw the piano
Excellent
Do it.  Not the best recordings but most is on archive.  I listen frequently.  Great stuff.
I don't think he is coming
What is everyone's obsession with the 11 all of the sudden.  Is a great tune for sure.  But it's not like it's been neglected.  Furthur and nearly every Phil band have put out stellar versions.
I really like that Althea
Are we listening to the same thing?  This is amazing.
I wonder who their personable coach is
Not really when you think about it.  This is a 6 show and done thing. If they want to play Box all 6 nights good for them.  And I am sure everyone in attendance would be stoked.
I always think of loose Lucy as a rocker.  Maybe just listen to some more variety? When they brought it back in Brent years it got much better.
Got it.  Never heard it called that before.

Not a fan of type 2 jamming myself.  I'm thinking of Phish and how their jams can often bore my sensibilities.
Type 2 jamming?
It's called millennial lol
I am at this exact location 3 times a year and  never get anything remotely like this.  Bravo!
First set 7/19/89.  Second set 7/7/89.


I really like 89.
Op. Needs to listen to more sotm
Bobby and phil playing great music.  What are you hearing?
Definitely plan on checking it out this round.  Love my switch so much and haven't owned a Nintendo console since the original NES.
As someone who was too old to grow up playing Smash, could someone explain the hype? I played it once or twice on the Wii and it just seemed like a generic button masher but with iconic Nintendo characters.  What was I missing?
As someone who was too old to grow up playing Smash, could someone explain the hype? I played it once or twice on the Wii and it just seemed like a generic button masher but with iconic Nintendo characters.  What was I missing?
As someone who was too old to grow up playing Smash, could someone explain the hype? I played it once or twice on the Wii and it just seemed like a generic button masher but with iconic Nintendo characters.  What was I missing?
Dude.  The opening night ujb was absolute bliss.
Should quality is pretty low from my experience
There is no competition
Larry > Trey.  At least for this.
/s or you really didn't know?
Loved Larry don't need checkers
Mayer would have big shoes to fill after last night.  Larry is probably a better fit for this group, tbh.
Larry is a much better fit for this band then Mayer
I caught the second half of the second set only and thought it was amazing.  Better than NYC.  Maybe just not your thing?
I don't know what op is smoking
Start with the official live releases from your favorite streaming service. They are all great. Can't go wrong.
I have been to quite a few dead and co shows and never seen him.  What am I doing wrong?
Who is being negative?  This is absolutely amazing.
I love everything about this
Dark grateful dead songs are the best grateful dead songs
He has regularly since 98 yes
The comments on this thread make me think y'all haven't been listening to Phil and Friends the past twenty years.
So glad people are remembering this.  It's like dead and co made everyone forget that Phil has completely carried the gd torch since 98.
I have one.  Use the search feature on this sub to find.  Love it.  Gets me all the ladies.  Well, mostly just my wife
Did I miss duo being cross platform?  I thought it was still phone only.
Wtf is this...
The only words I understand in this entire post are Jerry Garcia.
This.  So many good jack straws from at least 77 to 93 that this is just silly
My wife and I have had the opposite experience.  We both love our pixel 2xls.  But nearly every single day we are inconvenienced by the lack of headphone jack.

Som annoying.
If they listened they would have ditched TouchWiz years ago.
It's not.  Same catalog.  YouTube red, YouTube music, 50k song locker.  The only downside is a less than ideal UI.  But the perks far outweigh it.
What's that
Listen
Maybe.  But not necessarily.  We all know Bobby can play at pace if he wants to.  And Phil demands it.  So here we are.
Well put
Is sound cloud still one song download at a time?
Our hero.

Do you have a patreon set up for donations?
Currently looking up how fast I can get from Oregon to NYC...
Gathering of the vibes 02 was pretty mind blowing.  Probably the best, imo.  

PLQ for those that don't know.
How so?  Different regions of the country is just fact.  Different fan bases less so.  But it is true in my experiences.
77
Free webcast?
Have you followed Phil much since 74?  Phil arguably took lead more in 89-91 than 73-74.  And since 99 he has been off the chains.  
Phil for President.  Of my head.  
Ah.  Different fan bases.  Different regions of the country.  They be fine.
Curve ball?
Also have the Vivoactive 3.  It's great.
Sure.  But with Oteil and Friends.  Dew is one of Bobby's best songs right now.  He absolutely nails it.
All the downvotes.  Bobby's tone, demeanor, and singing ARE this band.  To the extent that we all love it, it is driven by Bobby.
I always lol when someone on here tries to say jrad better than dead and co
Go watch jrad and leave the dead and co tickets for us
No.  No.  No.  Please no.  I can't even comprehend this opinion.  Just no.
Could not disagree with this more. All Bobby is this band.  Best thing about it.

Wtf you smoking 
Go home.
Where you get that info from
How I would love to be in the audience for that beautiful train wreck.  Better than a 100 dead and co shows to see them 2 live and intimate.
How so?  Old enough to know him well but don't follow pop culture.
Where I live a Jesus saves bumper sticker definitely makes you stick out and attract more attention than a simple stealie.
HSF, China Rider, Scarlet Fire
Nobody would say that
7/7/89

You don't need to exclude Cornell
Someone says that every single time lol
Yes
Are you rich?
What case did you go with?  I opted for spigen liquid crystal and it is definitely thicker than I was hoping for.  Much thicker than Pixel 1 version.
But the ones in New York just aren't as nice. Or big.  Or majestic.
Why?  Had one for a few years and couldn't find a use of I tried.
Not really.  Cloud storage had made anything over 64gb excessive.
How on Earth did you get that?
OMSN was a show highlight
Mexico and tonight ARE the post appendix tour.  You have listened to all of it.
Is this the fastest they have ever played?
That too
Yes
So all of them except for the few acoustic sets they did?
I don't really get the question
I keep reading this on here and am not making the connection.  What does this tune have to do with New Orleans?
I haven't heard anyone talk about reality TV in  10 years.  What is still around?
'81 here.  Snapchat is a complete mystery to me.
As someone who also moved away 10 years ago, what on Earth do you miss?  The place is terribly depressing and has not gotten any better.
No.  Pittsfield is not good.  Lived there from 81 to 07 and go back every other year.  Its almost as if there is a disease over the place.  And everyone is infected and doesn't know it.  It is terribly depressing.
Hot dog ranch for life
Pittsfield is so depressing....

Source: loved there from 81 to 07.
I'm not sold.  I spent 26 years in the Berkshires and the last 10 in Western Oregon.  I would take the latter any day.
This needs to be at the top.
I grew up in the Berkshires but moved out to Oregon 10+ years ago.  Confirmed everyone out here things the state is so tiny it ends at Boston.
PLQ crushed Unbroken Chain
I downloaded it once and couldn't figure out what I was supposed to do with it.  No integration to Facebook or Gmail meant I couldn't find anyone.  The search functionality sucks so bad I couldn't even find celebrities.  I spent an hour googling "how.to find people on Snapchat" and then just deleted it.  


I'm 36.
We do this.  V cool.  I honestly thought it was common knowledge.  Y'all need to visit your local library more.  They are great.
That makes less sense than ' time freeze glitch'
Eli5
How do you kids even find out about this shit.  Just googled it and wtf?  Who came up with this.  How did you personally find out.

Confirmed I am old.
Confirmed.  Saw him to nights in Portland.  I will take all the Phil any way I can get it.
For some reason this series won't go past 81.  Mind boggling.
Phil will sing many
Eli5?
I'm planning on going in for 10am but playing it by ear.
Op needs to listen to more 89-90 confirmed.
99% of setlists follow this naming convention
This set needs more Bobby tunes
Is Annie still the best quality stream?
I just got back too.  Your post inspired me.
Interesting.  I keep hearing about these fb groups but have never found em.
Where does everyone hear about these rumors?  Is there a GD rumors subreddit that I just don't know about or something?
Blasphemy.  You just named two of my favorite things about Dead and Co.  Do you even grateful dead?
You fell out of love?
Both 7/6/90 and 7/12/90 fit the bill.
Whoa...   I can't even begin to imagine where on Earth it is 2330 right now
I don't get it.  What am I missing with all these Spanish words?
Only 829pm where I sit. Do it!
That was pleasant
Lol?
I prefer 89-90.  77 is real good too.  72 Sugarees are underdeveloped to me.
Oh no.  Didn't consider this aspect.
Good call.  I always default to think Dick's Picks
Google play music, Spotify, apple music, Amazon music.
There is another post on here with a screenshot of the email.  And the cast has been pulled from the Nugs site.
Disappointed?
Is this stretch wear?  Is that why it is so expensive?  What does that even mean?
Let's make whatever he did illegal
What time zone are they in?
Eli5?  Is that good or bad?
Looks Like Rain works so well out of Space.  Has anyone ever thought of this before?
What did I miss
This is how I deal.  Was at Phil in Portland this past weekend and ended up next to a dude that was smacking the floor and doing handstands.  Nope.  We just moved.
Stream is working
This is awesome
I can't believe mixlr doesn't have casting
I got burned too many times and no longer pay.  I really want to pay.  Happy to pay.  But only for a decent product.  I almost never get that from Nugs.
Curious.  Why is that?  Just Bertha or most Dead tunes?
Any word on what the mlb.tv add-on would cost?
I played hockey through high school.  During a practice in my junior year we were doing a drill where two folks would rush to an open puck.  Whoever got there first was offense.  Other guy was defense.  I beat my teammate.  I sped forward, not wanting to get caught.  He tripped me.  Simple trip via reaching out his stick.  I fell.  Hard.  He was about to trip over me.  He jumped.  It didn't quite work.  His freshly sharpened blade ran over my thigh, exposed from my pads rising from the trip.  I looked.  I saw....    My muscle.  I stated calmly, coach, I'm cut.  70 stitches later.  20 years later.  It still hurts.

Fuck this stunt.
Umm.  Ok?  Or lol?  Not sure what to make of that.

Fwiw, I grew up in a small blue collar town in Massachusetts.
Yep.  My bad.  Sorry about that!
Umm.  Ok?  Or lol?  Not sure what to make of that.

Fwiw, I grew up in a small blue collar town in Massachusetts.
The word "just" is yours.  Not mine.
Truth
Thank you for telling me how we "do things in the us".  I must have missed that.  Much appreciated.
It's a piece of fabric
Miami 89 Dark Star>Drums>Space


If they can get through that you can get through anything.
In Phil we trust
7/19/89
11/11/73
7/6/90
7/12/90
9/20/90
10/27/79

Enjoy!
I was there last night.  Fun times.
Could someone eli5 what a virtual console is and why everyone wants it so badly?
The point of this article is that Android messages is getting this.  And that is a way better app.
The point of this article is that Android messages is getting this.  And that is a way better app.
This is the other one op is looking for
I'm curious why.  Android messages and Allo are a 1000 times better.  The only reason I have Hangouts is for web sms.  Everything else about the app is bad.
VRBO, Vacasa?
Why is that? Not familiar with the brand.
I am vaguely familiar.  I actually have a steam account.  I was into tower defense games a while back.  But I don't really get what online gaming is or how it works or what you would do with discord.

I'm only 36.  And I work in digital marketing.  So I'm not completely clueless.  But this area is foreign to me.
This makes me feel old.  Is there an eli5 explanation on how this would all work lol.
What's the reference
Been on here for years.  Feel free to check my profile history.  I just normally ignore the weird meme troll subculture on here that I assume is behind all this.
I am not a troll.  Just your regular old 36yo male that loves these guys and didn't know hating them was some weird internet meme before tonight.
Today I learned...

Seems odd to me.. they are so head and shoulders above the rest imo.  

When I was in college and grad school (99-06) hating on Joe Buck was all the rage.  That fad has seemed to die and he is well beloved now.  I wonder if this is just the same thing.  Kids being kids.  Rage against the machine and all that.
Lol?  I assume you are joking...  But who the heck knows nowadays.  The internet has some weird folks on it.
No. Name someone better?  He is literally the best at what he does.  What are you smoking tonight.
I do.  I actually love them together.  Always have.  Is hating them a thing now.  If so, since when?
What joke am I missing here?  Everyone keeps saying that.  I watched the whole game and am clueless.
I love Chris and Al.  What planet do you live on?
Seriously?  Al and Chris are best in the biz right now.
What joke am I missing here?
What joke am I missing here?
I don't recall the Tide ad.  What was the gist?
He is so young
No one is going to tell you to STFU here.  It is very rare for Phil to find an equal on stage nowadays.  The best he can do is build an amazing ensemble that works well together and with him.  
Makes sense. You can't do that in the USA
+1
Dude threw for 505 yds, 3 TDs, 0 INT.

Glad you found something you would have done better.
No.  It was a fair game.  Eagles played better.  Brady played best.  But he can't do it alone.  They won.  Fair and square.
Twitter source?
Stop it.
+1
No.  Stop it.
Curious how you are watching this game on the internet...
I'm a Pat's fan too..  but..  no.
Lol.  No.
Wtf... How old are you
Get over it
What do you mean by 'say what you want'…?  The recent movies have all received critical acclaim and have been amazing.
I am loving reading the recent comments
It's fun. I love in town so it's close.  It's historic.  But the acoustics are terrible.  And some amenities like the bathrooms are in serious need of an upgrade.  But it's cool.
I feel the same about PLQ.  2001 was the year that hooked me.  And that time was all about The Q.
I have been listening to a lot of Furthur lately.  So good.
Phil is in another dimension is what it is. He immediately elevates those around him.  
Is he injured?
I think you are over thinking this.
I can't recall the exact show.  But it was at some point during the summer/fall PLQ tour in 2001.  Each show only got me higher.
Came here to say this!  Blows my mind every time.  Those boys were not messing around that night.
Doesn't online play already exist?
Who?  Never heard of this band or those tunes.
Morning Dew.  7/19/89.  Done.
Going to the Gorge and Eugene.  My aunt is coming into town to watch the kids.  Driving to the Gorge from Portland the fat prior.  Heading out early after the show and driving to Eugene.  Drive home to pdx next morning.  
Gorge and Eugene
We are doing it.  6+ hrs.  It'll be a doozy.
I don't think the majority of the public being concerned about a foreign power meddling in US affairs and possible involvement from the White House can be called "libs getting triggered"
Sued
Very cool.  I haven't seen a jukebox, digital or otherwise, in ages.
What
It's a good read. Do it.
I left Spotify for Google play music about a year ago and haven't looked back.  Same exact catalog as Spotify.  Comes with YouTube red so you get ad free gd videos and whole shows.  Plus the music locker will let you keep up to 50,000 songs in the cloud.  Super convenient way to listen to shows from the archives without streaming and a great way to keep all the post Jerry shows that don't have official releases (Phil, furthur, deadco, etc)
How.do you use fb web app?
Cool. Could you provide details on how you did this and how you got it on archive?  I had no idea that was possible.
Just keep listening.  In all settings. Bobby has a huge impact on how you perceive the music.
Same boat.  I always come to this show for the Sugaree.
I live in Oregon.  I will be at both shows.  I would not characterize my state as 'the land of the heads'.  But it is pretty great nonetheless.
This.  Idiots on here that don't understand a damned thing about economics piss me off.
Yeah.  After Yahoo bought overture they did use Google search for a while.  Then they launched their own again.  I worked there in the search marketing dept around this time 08-12) but don't recall the name.  Then they partnered with Bing and gave up on their own search engine.  Then that didn't work.  Now they have whatever mess Oath is.
Kids these days...
Watch the 5 part documentary on Amazon.  Covers this well.  Too well for some.
Lol. Not familiar with this site. Satire or real?
I agree completely.  July 89 to July 90 is my absolute favorite 12 month period.  So good.
Overture was purchased by Yahoo and not google
Not really.  It's very good.  I love it.  But we're you around 15-16 years ago for PLQ?  Phil 06-07? Furthur?  They we're all excellent too.
Everyone forgets about Phil and Friends and Furthur with these types of questions.  Dead and co is not the first great post Jerry band.
What does chomo mean?
Interesting.  Fan of the show but have not come across this aspect.
3rd comment on here because I feel so strongly about this.  You need to decide if you want to be an adult or not.  An adult goes to the show and let's their folks know.  No permission needed.  A kid asks and bides by their folks rule.  You are too old to lie and deceive your parents.  Do not do it. Just decide what you want to be.
That is bs thinking.  You are an adult.  Either go for don't.  No lying needs to be involved.  Man up.
No.  You are 18.  A legal adult.  Sneaking around and lying to your parents is beneath you.  And beneath them.  Your idea is solid.  Have fun.  Dead and company it up.  But be open with your folks.  You are an adult now.  Get used to it.
Duh.  Still funny.
I love the dead.  Listen to 2 or 3 shows a day going on 20 years soon enough.  I would absolutely take down a dead sticker if it was in public view of a store I managed.  Business is business.  But fuck calling the cops.  That is junior level shit.
Source?
Ew
I was in Chicago and was bummed too.  But, honestly, they would have butchered any song they did.  None of the folks on stage could have pulled it off.
I was just saying last night how I want to see this come out of space.  Preferably at the Gorge.  Because I will be there.
They are on all the streaming networks
Terrace camping for us
I have seen this on the sub a few times recently.  Been actively involved in gd culture for 18 years.  Lived in Oregon for 10.  No idea what folks are referring to.
Lol.  Fair enough.
No.  Not bad so far.
If you can't see the stupidity of leaving a concert bc of a single song choice some random stranger on the internet trying to mansplain it to you won't do a lick of good.
Leaving is so stupid
Eh.  They play within driving distance of that area nearly every tour.
Same difference
Where are you staying for those?
We live in Oregon and ended up in Vegas, NYC, and Boston in 2017.
Glad to see the Pacific Northwest back in play
Y'all northeasters get all the options every tour.
I love deadhead archives.  But there is a noticeable gap between songs that drives me nuts.
Google play music streaming, download shows from archive and store in Google play music, deadhead archives app.  We generally cast to our Google home(s).
Do you have kids?  They find a way.  They always find a way.
This was my first thought as well.  My 3 and 6 year old boys will love this.  For the first week before they break it.
Couldn't agree more.  I love this feature so much and never expected to.
Also a huge fan of both. Not sure about a cosmic connection though.
Wife and I still joke about this.  So good.
Never do what exactly?  I can't tell what is happening in this pic.
I am surprised by how many Wii u owners are in this sub considering it's poor sales.  
36 here.  Love my switch.  As does my 34yo wife and 6 and 3 year old boys.
I prefer the Bobby versions.
I don't really get what from the lot is.  The website is down so it's just an Instagram account.  Instagram doesn't do ecommerce.  So I don't really get it.

Why don't these people open Etsy shops?
Bye?
I grew up 45 minutes from Albany (Pittsfield MA) and have never heard someone use the expression.
I too prefer the Bobby version.  The Jerry backing vocals are a big reason why.
I would recommend checking out Google play music.  It's what I use and best of both worlds.  Full streaming library plus the ability to store up to 50,000 of your own songs in the cloud.  In addition to their streaming library I keep the dead and co 2017 tour, a dozen or so Phil shows, Furthur, Betty Boards, and some favorites from the archives in there.  All available to be downloaded so you don't need to worry about streaming.

Plus YouTube red for all the dead videos on there.
Yes.  You do.  Brent Dead is best Dead.
Why can't you strange streaming?  Genuinely curious.  It has revolutionized how I listen to the Dead.  I love it.
It is available on Google play music and Spotify streaming
Hi Dennis, Thanks for stopping by.  We really appreciate it.  I'm wondering if you ever talk to members of the band about your book.  Do they think you got it right?  Are there any sections they object to or remember differently?  Thanks!
I have been in search marketing for 10 years and there is just no way that AdWords is competing with Facebook right now.  Their targeting options are less granular, the ads are low quality and the publishers where the ad is posted are nowhere near the quality of Facebook.
July 89 to Sept 90 for me
I was raised in New And now live in the Pacific Northwest.  I could not agree more. Dungeness is so so good.  I absolutely love it.
Are you saying I should purposefully smoke marijuana concentrate incorrectly in front of my kids?
Yes please
The grateful dead were not a jam band.  Jam bands are a thing.  And many Dead fans like that genre.  But it has nothing to do with the grateful dead.

Honestly, I spent years going down this rabbit hole.  Save yourself time.   They aren't the best at what they do, they're the only ones who do what they do.  

Joke or serious?  I am not good at internet sarcasm.
If I knew where to find Bobby's 89 woredrobe I would be a rich, and fashionable, man.
Pretty much every space in 89-90 is fantastic.  Same with most of 85.  Just listen.
You need to fix your site.  Users are not going to hand over money if they see that.
89-90 was their best era.  It blows any other period out of the water.
I agree!
Me too!
I would encourage you to explore.  I listen to so much Brent era I often have to force myself to go back to the 70s occasionally for variety.  So so good.
This is the unpopular dead opinion in hear that has me flabbergasted.  I love Brent's tone.  Especially that version of ltgtr!  7/17/89
89-90 > anything before or after bro!
Which version of jgb though?
What meme are you referring to. This thread making me feel old.
Wtf...
7/19/89 is my favorite first set of all time.  Ever.
Me too!  Fun times.  Althea and Sugaree same show.
Maybe.  At the weekly point I would have 10+ to add though and likely wouldn't remember them all lol.
10/22/89 for me today.  What other sources would you be thinking of?
Are you guys me?  I'm 36 with a 6 year old and in same boat.
Furthur 3/26/11
2017 was great for sure.  But competition is stiff.  I would put 01-03 in tier 1 as well.  11-12 was another stellar run with Further and Phil.  2015 has to be up there too.  Fare Thee Well alone was the single greatest event.
It all dates back to Fare Thee Well.  That is where everything blew up.
Where the fudge do you live?
What show are you referring to exactly?
This or 9/20/90 are my suggestions
We started it at 5 so we could finish before bed.
Is there a stream?
This is surprising to me.  I use it daily with no issues.  It's not Google level search but better than anything Apple or Msft have made in the past.
Curious what you do that you find yourself wearing a tie to work.  The only professions I can think of that still wear them regularly is lawyers and politicians.
7/19/89 is one of my all-time favorites.  Highly recommend if you have not heard it.  First set for the ages.  And that Dew.
I don't know of any way to purchase individual full shoes for any that I listed.  All ears if you do.
One non full show was released as a DVD.  I would love to see the whole darned thing.
I would like to see Alpine 89, Hampton 89, Miami 89, individual shows from spring 90, a few from July 90, whole shows from 90 msg, Nye 90 and 91, 9/10/91, 6/8/92.  Have Dave pick a few more going all the way to 94.
Amazing.  Great work.  I would say though that that Phil and Friends needs some love.  Dead and co is all the rage today.  But Phil kept that candle burning for many years.
That's the problem with this post.  There have been several pieces out recently that use actual data to demonstrate that your observations are not indicative of the whole.
Vader struck down his master as well.  He just didn't survive much longer.
I love dark shows.  Got any 84 recommendations?
Does it count with how much the lineup has changed?  I feel like they are a different band post John K
I downloaded it on Google play and had it for a few weeks but they eventually took it back.  Damned shame.  One of my favorite releases in some time.
Ah I see.  The 1990 dark stars bring weird to a whole new level for me.  I love the midi and the work on the keys (both Brent and Bruce) from this time period.

I was listening to 9/20/90 last night when I wrote this.  Excellent version.  Other favorites from this time include 7/12/90 3/29/90 and 10/26/89 (not technically 90 but close)

I love Veneta and the earlier great Dark Stars too.  But these later versions take it further for me.  Things get dark and weird and even, on occasion, scary.  
Which guitar was that
Remember this is a controversial opinions thread.  My opinion is that Dark Star was at it's height in 1990.
Dark star peaked in 1990.
Victim is amazing.  I firmly believe you do not understand the grateful dead if you do not like that song.

Picasso no.

Lol.
Same here on smoothness experience.  However, the ad free YouTube and much larger music locker still wins the day for me.
What part of town do you live in that has that much snow?
He was already to the Dark Side before that happened
Google play music allows you to store up to 50,000 songs in the cloud.  Available on all devices at all times.
Sine FTW all I see in the kits are the crappy shirts those mob type folks sell.
I got my first phone when I was your age now, 21.  So the whole concept of teenagers with phones is hard for me to grasp.  I have a 3 and 6 year old though so I am sure I will learn the ways of youngins soon.
No
Interesting.  Never saw this one.  Not sure I really get it even after reading.
You didn't even read the article.  Dude...
I was there.  Absolutely blew my mind.  I couldn't believe she had the gall.  And i loved the response.
What is the history on this tune?
It is now.  And I lived it.  So funny.
I also thought this
Much as I love Jerry (and Bobby and Brent for that matter) Phill is probably my favorite band member.  I have never thought of his sound as a 3rd guitar though.  That is interesting.  I usually just explain it that he is a weirdo that has absolutely no interest in playing traditional bass guitar.  

What is he even playing?  But it sounds so good.
Me too.

Desolation Row and Visions for life.
+1 on playing kids 89 Miami.

Source: my 3 and 6 year old have heard this show many times.
Don't do it.  I have 2 boys, 3 and 6, and they listen to the grateful dead everyday.  They want to go to a show.  But they aren't quite ready.  A 3 month old would be a nightmare.

I have no doubt you will agree once you have your baby.

Also, congrats!
3/29/90
Plq does the best unbroken chains
:( 7/4/89
Studio is best here due to lack of playing
Huh
Althea?  My heart.
Dupree has some.of my favorite lyrics.  2/11/69 is available on all the streaming networks and amazing.
:o
Huh?
Ummmm.....    That's the whole point of the grateful dead dude.  So many.  So good.   To be cliche, just do 10/26/89 and get it over with.  No kiddie gloves.
Same.  Probably the only song I skip out of their entire 30 year catalog.
Yes he did.  That is the point and half the fun!
One more Saturday night is my favorite.  They are literally all good.  I absolutely love it going to a show on a Saturday.  I prefer they don't as an encore.

Your hatred is foreign to me.
Eli5?
As do I.  Where/how do you find all these great photos?
I love it.  Use it all the time.
I'm 36.  

I think the difference is the 28 year old friend of yours.  I couldn't imagine spending the.wirh someone that found it acceptable to control the music at someone's home.  I associate.that sort of behavior with children.  Heck, I would be pissed if my kids did it.
It's not a bout socializing with music.  Of course I do that.  It's about spending time with someone that would be so daring as to change the music at someone else's house.  I associate that sort of activity with children.

I'm 36 fwiw.
Assuming you are very young.  I am not.  Not even old.  Just not very young.
Assuming you are very young.  I am not.  Not even old.  Just not very young.
Lol how is that even a use case?  Life isn't a college movie.
40mbps is a ton for the majority of the population.
Who the heck are these people that pay that kind of cash for a poster?
I loved that show as a kid but never knew those were the words.  Thanks.
There was my problem.  Never again.
Please don't.  People coming here to live homeless in the summer increases every year and takes away needed support from our permanent homeless population.
Lol.  
West coast best coast.

Source: spent 26 years in Western mass and last 10 in Oregon.

Fuck the middle.
I was born and raised in Western mass (the Berkshires) and we used to say the same thing about New Yorkers.  I have been living in Oregon the past 10 years but never occurred to me that our neighbors to the South felt the same way.
What song?  I'm missing something.
What exactly does roll tide mean, anyway?  
Wtf goes on in Europe where grown men having sex w 15 year olds is ok
Op didn't understand your post.  Neither did I.  Your response with the '...' and 'really'? Was condescending and rude.
PLQ for president
They are just turtles.  GD doesn't own them
The whole second set is insane
Definitely love the Q.  I probably saw a similar number of shoes from 01 to 02.  So good.
I am partial to the Alpine 89 run
Blow Way from 7/7/89
You forgot Brent!
7/19/89
I started college 18 years ago and don't know to what you are referring.  Quizlet?
Later Brent years are also my favorite
He was a friend is great.  Silver thread and golden needles too
7/19/89
Austin was my favorite Deadco show.
Austin was their best show to date imo
No.  John is a member of the band.  The tour needs to be cancelled if he can't perform.
I ain't saying it's right.  Just that it is.
That is not how the economy works.  It would be a disaster.  Quality of life would plummet.  Millions more would die.
Lol
No you are right.  I was thinking Bridgeport.  I missed ilcc
Thanks for listening with an open mind!
7/4/89 and 12/31/78 are two widely available great versions from different eras.
The grateful dead is a test.  Not a therapy session.  God bless if you can hang.  But many can not.  Take your bud from work, smoke some doobs and drink a few ipas and put on 10/26/89.  Things will get weird.

No training wheels.

Without a net.
What materials are the shirts made out of?
:(
It was great circa 2002 at ilcc.  Really went downhill with the move to Rhode island though.
This guy Jerry's
The problem is someone willing to pay that much for a poster on eBay.  Wtf?  It's just a poster dude.
I think I'm too old to remember :(
You been fucking up.  Red delicious is gross.  Pay a little extra.
Good tune.  Bobby likes it.
The only answer
Pnw or bust
I want that out of space
Bobby's twang is the best thing about this band.
How could you tell thats what was scratched?  I can never see anything in the photos.
Last lightnin>supplication to start the set and lost sailor>saint of circumstance out of space.

Please.
You go for a run at set break? That's badass.
How can you not mention the cat shirt!
Oteil is my copilot
What
Knew i heard this tune when they first walked out
What makes you say new Orleans is more hyped than any other show?
Aww I love it.  It's tradition!
This is the best poster
The relationship between the other Portland and Oregon is exactly the same and we have been solidly blue for years.  You can do it!
I really want Ken Burns to tackle this subject matter.  He would do it justice.
The best version.  The highlight of this show for me.  And that's saying a lot.
Why would you pay off a phone in full that offers 0% financing?  That is financial literacy 101.
I think I'm too old to get that reference.  Lol?
My life is a failure.
Used to be 5 cents damn it.
That wasn't even that long ago lol
Guessing you are 18 or under?
I had to Google this.  I was born same year as this dude and never heard of him. Does this make me too old or too young for the reference?
Brent invented grateful dead b3.  Everything Jeff does is a homage.  He even uses the same damned machine.  Seriously.
/s?  Can't be too sure round here.
Lol.  Fair enough.  I want all the tunes from that album.  Because they are amazing.  And Bobby.
Oteil on I will take you home
I am out of the loop.  Who is Grateful Dean?
Yes please
Yes
Why? 
Eli5?
Serious question: is that how it works? If I want Bitcoin now do I need $10k?
Bobby's tone is my favorite thing about Dead and Co.  He is the only one keeping it weird.
Up until 2015 I would have guessed that Phil toured the most since 95.  Dude was relentless for a while.  Especially back in 01 to 03 era.
This is fake news you are spewing.  Damn it.
Mickey?  
I would die
This made my night.  Well said.  Agree 100%.


I love hearing reverence for Brent.  And everything 3lse just resonated.
Brent, Jeff, Keith for me.
Same.  Brent is King.  Jeff is a close second though.
Nearly every single show in 90-91 is too notch.  Some are among the best ever played....  Add 89 for fun and start at it.

Enjoy.
Imo Brent Dead is best Dead.  79-83 and again 85-90.  It is so so so good.  Just gotta poke around.  

The best, for me, is summer and fall 89.  Holy shit balls.  All of it.
For me, jrad just doesn't capture the spirit of the grateful dead.  As op said well, they are just a jam band that happens to play the grateful dead.  Either you dig jam bands or you don't. I happen not to.  But I don't think there is any questioning that the grateful dead were not a jam band.  They were something else.  They were wholly unique.  And Dead and Co captures that much better imo.
Well said.  As a huge grateful dead fan that really doesn't like jam bands this resonates on why I find jrad mediocre.  That said, I would see them live in a heartbeat and know it would be fun.
Yes yes yes.  This is why i love Dead and co.  Imo 89-91 Dead is the best Dead.  And, though they will never approach that greatness, it is the style they play in.  And I appreciate that.

Totally agreed on Mayer.  Bobby needs a check.  Go back and look at videos of him and Jer.  Bobby gets put in his place frequently.  He needs it.  At the same time, Bobby is now the crotchety old man putting Mayer in his place.  Tables the same and reversed at the same time.  Again, love it.

The biggest thing the band is missing in order to be the best post Jerry band is Phil.  I say this as a huge Oteil fan.  I absolutely love Oteil.  But man I miss Phil's weirdness when heating this band.


Best post Jerry show has to include phil imo.  Phil is Phil not fade away.
Raunchy
All the ones available on the major streaming networks.  Stick to live shows.  So much awesome.
He was widely considered one of the best coaches in the NFL just a few years ago before inexplicably let go.
Eli5?
Does anyone have a YouTube link?  Running into issues elsewhere
Yes
I would appreciate a pm please!
7/19/89
That's his name now.
This made my night
Bring back the scary dark stars from 89-91!
This is the first I have poopooed.  Mostly bc op was being an ass.  So I was an ass too.  And that was wrong.
Go listen to jrad if you can't appreciate
Some people bag that song and I don't get it.  It is effin beautiful.  And, imo, if you don't dig that song you just don't get the dead.
Could I get link please and thanks?
Was it on sale?
Mine too
Eh.  I wouldn't want to trip at an indoor arena concert.  
Picasso Moon
No....
If I were to buy the base console for $299 for my 2 kids will they be able to play together or are additional accessories/controllers needed?  Primarily thinking about them playing Mario kart together on the big screen.
I was at this show.  I love the Q so much.
My problem is that casting constantly doesn't work.  For some reason when I cast it goes back to the beginning of the concert half the time.  Drives me insane.
Lol non-sad grateful dead songs
Bobby let Checkers talk.  This is not a drill.
Mvp
Just got home.  Could someone spare a pm?
Love the Bertha sticker.  Hope they find the owner.
You missed the amazing humor in this post
We need more posts like this
Serious though I want a day job so bad.
So much truth
Lol
What is the relevance to this sub?
Jrad bored the piss out of me.  They have no chill.  It is tiring.
Nobody is saying jrad is the legacy of the dead.  I have not heard that once.
This is my concern as well
I vote 89-90 myself
Aww I love this tune.  So groovy.
Me too
No.  It started at the same time.
Just no.
I have been catching shows regularly for 17+ years.  Nothing has ever been like fare thee well.  And nothing ever will be.  They pulled out all the stops.
Yes
That is exactly what I had in mind!
It's already been said but 7/19/89 really is king
Coming at you.  Nothing beats 89 Deal.  Nothing.
Yep.  These young kids calling for otherwise just don't get it.  That's fine.  I was there 17 years ago myself.  They will come around.  
Yes. This. Except the skip part.  Drums space is Dead to me.
Yes!
715 to 720 so far this tour.
Speaking as your husband: I am ok with this life decision.
Do you tip the cashier at the corner store?  Retail workers?  Surely you can add $1 to your purchase of a pack of smokes.  $3 to your order of jeans.  $.50 on top of your can of coke.

Don't be cheap.
Absolutely not.
Just because something is a custom doesn't make it right
Do you tip the checkout clerk at 711?  What about the guys stocking nthe shelves at the Gap?  The person that takes your ticket at the movie theater?
I worked in the service industry 8 years and completely agree with op.  Tipping in Portland is bullshit.
This is a valid question and it is sad you are being downvoted.
This sub has a weird live for the homeless drug addict scum in the city.
Well said.  I was there and it was amazing.  That's a tune I have never really cared for recorded but always loved live.  I remember The Dead busted it out at Bonnaroo in 03 and that was the first time I really got it.
Op
This kind of hyperbole drives me nuts.  They were v good versions. But you can't compare to when Jerry was around.  It's a lose lose.

Best China doll you ever heard?  No.
I also use rig and have for years.  8 have experimented with sync and a few others and they are just not as good.
Stop talking to those 2 people.  They are not good people.
That's my call
It's just a metal detector
Do the jaybirds work with assistant?  Also, how are they for running/exercise?
I don't get it
Opener: hell in a bucket

Second set: truckin

Encore: liberty
You want to be there well before 7
Msg got very tight at 7.  I would be at your seat right at 7 to avoid human traffic jams
Was there and thought the same thing.  Powerful.
<<<<< redditor at the show.   Currently drinking a beer in hotel 5 mins away
Free stream tonight on nugs
Looking at your username and trying to figure out what a relevant device would be.
I always think they are the skip over episodes of any season
I downloaded it and it's still there.  Guess I will just never undownload it.
He would be 77 in January 2021 for the inauguration.  That is too old.  Trump is too old and Biden has him by 3 years.
Not enough all caps and big font
Well said
Much respect
And gpm
He still does
I think they might be fun in person.  But I have streamed and listened to quite a bit and am not a fan.  They have no chill.
Tpb?  Man I am out of the loop lol.
Jrad lol?
Donate!
Huh
Please escort yourself to r/phish
Make sure y'all donate!
He sounds great.  What are you hearing?
I'm really liking it
It's honestly my very favorite
Thank you!
I didn't understand 90% of that
Me too
Sunday at msg!
Any Bobby doing Bob yes please
I kind of hope not.  I want Bobby to get plenty  of rest and not burn himself out.  Some shows yes but 50 seems excessive.
I think Jerry really liked that tune.  He always put his best foot forward on the playing.
I Kris saying that every time.  It would fit so well.
Why?  Song is badass. One of the best Bobby tunes imo.
This is definitely an illegal state.  Absolutely zero reason to buy that much when it is always available fresh.
I'm assuming y'all don't live in a legal state lol
Is beetroot what Australians call beets?
I wonder this too.  Pineapple pepperoni is the best!
Not really sure what you are asking.  Typical pre concert stuff.  You can either walk around or just head right in.
July 89 to July 90 


Because I love the scary jams and the ballads during this period.
Are Tix available.  We will be in town w nothing to do Monday.
I still don't see this as an option.  Where would I find it?
I was wondering too.  No I am bummed I know.
He hasn't. It is so obvious.  I love checkers.  This doesn't even matter.  But you are still being naive.  And wrong.
I don't think you get this band unless you get he has not.
It's not surprising at all.  I am surprised you are surprised.  And got upvotes.
Lol
We are coming all the way from Oregon.  Original massholes and dropping our kids off with the Grandfolks.  Day between we plan on Katz's for breakfast, national history museum, then...
Agreed Hangouts is better.  Way better.  I'm on Fi so I get the SMS advantages of it too. It's just too bad Hangouts sucks as a messaging app.  And Allo is my favorite.  

All that said, I am ok with the Allo multi device implementation.  It works.
10/26/89

It sacres me.  Good.
Not sure I agree.  We use our two Homes as our primary music sources and are very satisfied.  Between my wife and I we probably listen to 5+ hrs of music a day.  They are very solid speakers.
They have desktop support
Because it will.  SMS is King.  Like it or not.
They already did weeks ago
He wasn't talking about lsd...
Better camera, better os, better software, better ai, cheaper.
Yesterday I woke up at 7am and still had 45% when I went to bed at 11pm after 3.5hrs of SoT
Popsocket?  Those weird circles some people attach to their phones?  
I have the liquid Crystal and am not a fan.  Had the same case for Pixel 1 and this is much more bulky and rigid.
I know ball those folks.  I'm really think what is the best of the best.  What is so crisp it really stands out to you.
Would you mind posting a pic?
That's a weird thing to comment on here
YouTube red put me over the edge to cancel Spotify.  I never want to do YouTube with ads again.
Yes.  The device is amazing.  Coming from even Pixel 1 difference is night and day.
Looks like it
Um.  No.
Ads pay for the internet.  Literally.  If you use adblockers in full force you are ruining it for the rest of us.  Making nthe products shittier.  Fuck you.  See the light.
Link?
I have the liquid Crystal and it seems bulkier and of lower quality than the Pixel 1 version.  Have you noticed that too?
I can dig that
Me too!
Eh.  Jrad is not appealing to my ear.
Yes
No.
Holy crap I never knew about the swipe feature
Interesting.  Glad we got a manual!
Oh no!  I just woke up and the feature gone on mine too...
I'm not seeing this.  Or not following.
This makes no sense.  That was such a great feature.
Is that still Canon?
Any luck?
No
So the pixel?
Yes please
Yes please
Kapernick?
So pretty much t_d
Edgelord?
That is Phillips, not hunter
If that is true then a Windows or Surface phone has no chance of success.  Even trying would be a poor business decision.
They need to use Play Store
Go to the project fi sub.  They will help you out.  Sms set up is very easy.
Drives me nuts
Doesn't Google voice have some weird catch where your number from the carrier has to get forwarded or something
I love it.  Is hating pineapple pizza a thing now?
89-90 is best
What does it do?
I don't get what the difference between these apps are as is
I love Mayers contributions.  But this post still gets a down-vote for being incoherent and 9ff message.
Good call.  I have 2 kids.  We are done.  Likely.  But I see no need going through that.
Eli5?
Interesting.  I was born at the right time to have consumed this and was huge into first gen MTV but have never seen it before.  Thanks!
What song are you referring to?  Is the post title a pun intended something?
No.
I keep seeing people in this sub talk about grateful Dean.  Who exactly is he?  A Friend of the band?  And how does everyone know what he is doing all the time?
The pixel trade in program through Google is pretty Sweet
Covfefe
Same thing in SEO.  It's crazy.  But it works.  And people think you are a wizard.
Good write-up.  This is the reason I am staying with the Pixel 2xl though.  I can't stand the Samsung bloat.
But TouchWiz
You do now :)
Significantly better software
Umm.  Why.
The Pixel line is so much better.  You don't even know what you are missing.
No.  I have had both flagship Pixel and Samsung phones recently and there is no comparison.  The Pixel line is just so much better.
ME!
I miss my blobs every damned day.
Blobs for life
I don't know dude.  They are so hideous to my eyes.  The smile? The kiss?

I'm a blob man myself.
Thanks.  The 2xl looks much better to my eyes.
I'm sticking w XL.  Most reviews prefer it over the small.
Is this info really valuable?  How do you interpret it?  What do you use it for?
Pretty much ya. There are peaks and valleys of course.  But, for a 12 month run it don't get better.
All.  Of.  Them.  Seriously.  89-90 is peak Dead.
Where do I find the option to tag my pets?
It's really clunky though.  You have to type a person's name in Cortana on a PC.  There is no UI.
Pg13 grateful dead
I can not
But you pay off the bill each month on a card and have a card on file
This ended up being incorrect
How did you resolve?
Thank you!
Joe Russo might be amazing.  But I feel like he can't slow down lately.  And the music suffers.
I used to be into Samsung too.  Before i got my Pixel.
Maddow is serious journalism.

I'm assuming you think Alex Jones is ok lol 
No. No. No.  This is how Trump won.  We have to have faith in honest journalism neither standards.  The New York Times.  They deserve it.  They make make mistakes.  But don't fall for the lie.
What is this hubbub everyone on here is talking about?  All of the reviews I have seen vastly favor the XL.
The real questions
He is speaking to Rey
I love checkers but am more sick of his defenders on this sub than his detractors.  Let em be.  Don't feed a troll.
Which keyboard are you using? You have your choice with Android.
I am on Android and group chat w ifolks all the time.  Works fine.
Helpful and well stated answer.  Thanks!
It would have sounded bad.
I feel like a battery case w wireless charging is a really niche need.  This post is the first that I have heard such a thing even exists.
What are the little dots on the bottom right of each app?
And I can bring it to project fi?  I don't really understand all the bootloader talk on this sub.
I'm on fi
I dont get it
I would disown my dad, op.  Seriously.  Trump supporters, at this point, are not good people.
Hangouts handles group sms chats poorly, has low image resolution, and does not support sms gifs from keyboard.  I am sure there are others but that is what bothers me most.
Specifically in maps?  That is where it bothers me most.
I use my two Homes as my primary music listening devices.  Better quality audio.
I really don't like picture in picture.  It just makes apps a pain to close.
It's just a super fun easy chat app.  My personal favorite.
The trade in value makes upgrading this year over next year a negligible cost
I can't imagine what I would use AR stickers for.  Do you have some idea?
But if you don't trade in now you will pay full price a year from now.  So the trade in is a damned good deal.
The trade in offer is a good deal.  You will just pay more next year.
The "scary" Dark Stars from 89-90.
I miss Barracco.  What is he doing nowadays?
Then why does it matter what it costs 
Doesn't it come with the dongle?
Conflicting info on here...
Allo
The best imo
This is not an accurate statement.  I live in New England for 26 years and Oregon the past 10.  The Northeast is way more conservative and religious than the Pacific Northwest.  No other way to put it.
2002 gotv for plq.  I can't remember now if it was first or second night.  The glow sticks throw out during shakedown was crazy.  Magical.
Why do the Brits have weird names for everything?
Space.  They probably won't like it anyway.  No point to in sugarcoating it.
What do they mean?
And staggerlee024
You are missing out.  The grateful dead played their best music with Brent.  Especially 89-90.  Jerry sounds amazing and healthy those years 
I have never seen or heard of a grateful dead bar anywhere.  What would that even entail?
All of the released live stuff is on the major streaming networks and is amazing
Because 89-90 was peak grateful dead
We have had a Focus for years.  No issues.
I have been experiencing terrible lag the past 2 months and can't figure out why...
Picasso moon.


Also, I am shocked at home many folks skip drums>space and LLR.  Wtf people?
Victim is the best!  Picasso is the only song I actively skip though.
Why not just cast to a real speaker?
Who the heck are you people that use phone speakers?
Good .  Let Bobby get some deserved rest.
What does this have to do with the Dead?

When I was just a little young boy, Papa said son, you'll never get far, Tell you the reason, if you wanna know, Cause child of mine, there isn't really far to go.
I believe it was written in 76 just when he started diving right in
Til
In 91 I was 10 and listening to motley Crue and the like.  By 93 I was into all of these albums.
Is this true?  I don't remember anything about a toothache
Everything is more expensive in Canada because of all the snow and ice on the roads
Yeah I'm not going to set up a proxy every time I want to watch a video. That's cool if you don't mind.  I'm busy not going to
This team has had no heart since they let Lovie Smith go
Not available in my country
Well said.  The "peaking" you describe is exactly why I find them so draining.
I would also argue that the intensity and peaks are the reason they are far inferior.
This is the first time I have ever even heard the word
Gross...
"I should have never gotten on that bus"
What exactly is the fab?
Ok.  I'll bite.  Who is wiz?  I see two relatively famous folks and an unknown.
Who is the 3rd guy? 
What would that announcement have tondo with Fi?
Is it Pixel compatible?
Is that really Mayer
I once thought like you.  In my youth.  Note I am team Brent.  You'll get there a steady dose of 89-90 did it for me.  
No diehard dead would never say "Yeah, if only Jerry's vocals were half as good as his playing!".

Op is talking to the wrong people.  Save yourself op.  Before it is too late.

 


Lol the downvotes
Highly doubtful
He is followed primarily by deadheads now.
Mayer is known for playing neither the members of the grateful dead mostly
Please clarify op!
We live in Portland and are doing both nights of msg and Boston.  Luckily we grew up in Mass and can drop the kids off.  Have a place to stay outside of NYC.  But still.  Our budget is now depleted.
I actually think it would get a warm reception at this point
Why do you have separate accounts for Gmail and YouTube?
I just checked Boston.  3 Tix available in a row in loge 20.  
Still plenty of tickets for Detroit.  I would advise giving up on GA and just buying what is available.
There are still tickets.  Keep trying.  We just got 3 to Boston at 750pst.
Just got 3 tix 2 mins ago
Keep trying.  I refreshed constantly for Boston since 7am and just got 3 Tix
I dig it.  Not a fan of the crazy tie-dye stuff.
I honestly didn't know this was even a thing anymore.  Haven't seen brick weed in at least 20 years.
Team Brent.  For life.
Interesting.  No, never been to msg.  Still some 200s for 150 via amex presale.  Thanks for the tip.
I am seeing $150 for nosebleeds at msg
All I see is $150 bleacher seats.
Me 2
I was wondering this too.  At first I thought the joke was that the hair was exactly the same.  Then I thought the one on the right looked slightly nicer.
Me too.  Let me know if you find a fix.
I live in the northwest so don't really see much of Florida.  It is based on your location.

Crazy.
Les has been into the Dead scene actively for at least 20 years
Shit out of luck
Yeah.  What do we need good jobs for, anyway?
I just can't Apple.  I have all dead and co on GPM via the locker feature and works great. Plus that sweet sweet YouTube red.

Sorry Spotify
If you have them downloaded you can just load to google play
Not safe or worth the risk.
Are there any current pics?  I am really unclear on what this fire is fucking up.
Why doesn't it make sense?
I didn't say locals buy their houses there.
Can't say if you are crazy.  I think their flavors are crazy good though.
Locals go to Division
That is an interesting take I have not heard.  What do you think salt & straw could realistically do to control this?
I know it's cliche to say this one.  But it is true.  Nothing tops it.
I was the same way back 17 years ago.  Now Brent era is my favorite 
Google sheets tries.  Bless their heart.  But the product is vastly inferior.  Which is why it is free.  Ok for light tasks but not heavy lifting.
Google sheets is for noobs.  Excel for life.
Once you go 89-90 you never go back.  Welcome to the club!
Can't believe I got downvoted for my comment.  I honestly thought this was widely accepted among hardcore deadheads.
It's like someone that has spent their life training for a 10k vs a lifelong marathon runner.
He is sooooo old though
Aka he has black skin
If you want to influence the algorithm you have to watch all or most all the way through.  Is that your objective?  Spread to the masses?
Dew
I can't think of a single song that was better in studio.
Same.  Never go back.  Problem solved.
Thanks.  I don't get a negative impression from that interview. Just the obvious acknowledgement that even a 10hr movie can't tell the whole story of the grateful dead saga.
Good stuff.  Love that you are young enough not to have the punch be "that's when it all began".
All the downvotes
Also, why the McNally hate?  He always seems like a cool dude.
Source for Phil's " elephant" quote?  I have not come across that one.
He didn't play bluegrass for a good 14 year stretch.  16 if you don't count the Jerry Garcia Acoustic Band.
Ken Burns is really the only person I can think of that would make the movie most of us on this sub would want to see.
What madness is this
So it's pretty much TouchWiz?
93 has some absolutely amazing shows.  94 is when we started to lose.  95 the only year without an A show.
Edge isn't bad.  Faster than Chrome but lacks the plugin ecosystem.
Check his Facebook.  Just announced.
All of their released music on Spotify and GPM are pristine recordings
Nobody wants their sick China Rider broken up
Yep.  But that is because with the grateful dead you ONLY want the live music.
Thank you!  I was going insane.
Yep.  Agreed.  PLQ reinvented in their own way too.  Why they are the best post Jerry bands.
No.. it is not. That is rich privelege speaking.
"etc" lol
Try your local library
Sarcasm?
My wife and I just laughed at the irony of how excited we are.
Oh agreed on that last point.  89-90 is peak Dead to my ears.  But I know not everyone agrees.  Cheers!
Have you HEARD Alpine 89 lol?  So good!
Alpine 89 > anything else the band ever did. Ever.
It's hard for me to get passed the gross out factor of the old guy

I'm 14 and this is deep
I can only assume your are very young and have not developed the understanding or wisdom to understand yet.
I'm 14 and this is deep
I don't think I have ever heard anyone bash 76...
Thanks!
I really wish we had a competent adult in the white house again....
I am also either Pixel or Samsung.  To me, that extremely fast UI and the fact that it still hasn't slowed down IS the premium value prop.  I guess it is all about priorities.  But i want a great UI experience before bells and whistles I may never use.
Wut
Do you really carry a bulky converse with you every time you leave the house?
I am real.  I downvoted you.
I am interested to see what Fitbit comes out with.  I think they have a chance to define the market.
36
But SMS is free...
SMS is great because it is app agnostic.  No need to have 5 apps because different friends use different ones.  SMS allows you to contact anyone with a cell phone.  Period.
I don't follow this.  To me, SMS is the ideal solution.  You don't need everyone to have a certain app.  All you need is their phone number and you can contact anyone.  SMS is the perfect text extension to calling.

I'm always stunned that Europe and Asia moved away from SMS for some reason.
I don't know a single person with WhatsApp
Still going
I just want this on win10
Yes.  It is.
The audio is choppy...
Anyone getting their jimmies rustles by Phil and Bobby still playing live shows all these years later need to take their fucking hat off.
You have to pay to do SMS via skype
I do this.  It is meh at best.  I want an app.
What's up with his fingers?
We were at Clackamas Town center.  Also brought a couple beers in.
Portland suburbs.  About 20 people in the theater.  Pretty quiet.  Good sound quality.

Great show.  Seeing the band on the big screen really highlights how much fun they were having back then.  Wife and I were cracking up the whole time.  We had so much fun.

I hope my wife and I can look at each other in the same way Jerry and Brent used to some day.
Best years imo
I will be there.  First time
What, exactly, is a "caretaker"…?  Am I just too poor to know?
She has a "caretaker"...
Hundreds of thousands have that same plan.  What does being from ny have to do with anything?
Thanks.  And do it!
July 90 was one of the Grateful Dead's best months of all time.  I believe that the Brent era > any other era.  But, holy shit, this was a cheap and lady article.  Come on, man.
Links to some good early 90s shows?
Any links to some good shows?
You have been had.  That sucks.  Bad.  I don't know what else to tell you.  I am sorry.
Dead and Co?


I love the band.  Am obsessed.  But no.  Just no.
Your words do not fall deaf.  I am sad that you feel that way.  Sad that so many people, like yourself, can ignore the reality around them.  Not trust America's most trusted institutions.  But I hear you.
Why is everything so expensive in Canada?
Because stupid
Why?  79 had some crazy good music.
Do you honestly believe that the Russia investigation is dead?  This is just delusional.  By all accounts it is heating up at a significantly accelerated rate.  Mueller knows his shit.  And Jrs emails have opened up a whole new avenue.  
Or do night classes at state.  160k is too pricey.
Great pic!
Where have you heard him sing?
Good find!  But how do you know what is playing at any given time?
I would have guessed the bigger kid was 10.  I am terrible with kids ages.  And I have 2!
Straw man
The rise of Andy is a good example of why I didn't like the later seasons.  He was a terrible addition to the show.
Second movie?  Is this thing to be a series?
Who is the actor
Could someone ELI5?  What is special about 747?
You are weirdly obsessed with this...
YouTube red makes GPM the better deal.  10x 
I wouldn't bother.  I honestly don't think Phish has much in common with the Dead.  Doesn't surprise there isn't that much overlap in true fan base.
It's on GPM and Spotify
Serious question.  Who is she?
Is tila tequila a real person?  This post is the first I heard of her and I assumed it was one of those fake fb accounts.
7/19/89
I was going to upvote until I saw the unnecessary jab at the great Perry Barlow...
What you refer to as type 2 is exactly why I don't like Phish.  The "jamming" is just so hollow.  They have a few ballads I can swing to.  And they are always at least fun live.  But I can't get into them beyond that.  Saw them live about a dozen times between 01 and 06 or so.  Sometime before and after hiatus but I forget exactly now.
I think he is baiting us.  Again.  And based on the comments on here people are falling for it.  Congressional Republicans have receive a run if criticism FOR protecting Trump.  Now we are allowing him to build the narrative that the exact opposite has happened.

This is exactly the 10d space chess that his asshat fans talk about.  Trump just moved the goal posts and gave congressional Republicans breathing room.  Now the story is Trump upset at lack of loyalty from his own party.  Yesterday the story was when the fuck is his own party going to take him out.

God damn it.
Source?