I told myself I wouldn't go on /r/westworld this season. That lasted until about 5 minutes after the episode ended.
It is 2.4g only 
I only really have one wifi network that I use on a daily basis (my home network). The wifi is reliable for everything else, so I doubt it's an issue with the network. If I have time tonight, I'll try to do some more debugging.

Edit: just remembered that I frequently use my school's network, and have never seen this issue there. Must be related to specific network settings.
Not a developer, so I don't have any technical knowledge of the issue. However, I have noticed that it only happens when I am using wifi, but never when I am using LTE (Verizon).
Agreed. Love him on NLSS/Factorio type series, but the Fortnite series was... not great.
I'd love to give Nintendo my money for virtual console games, but they are apparently allergic to free money. If official virtual console was a thing, I wouldn't even be considering bothering with modding.
I can't fucking believe they STILL don't have it out, or even made an announcement about it. Virtual console is literally piles of almost free money, but Nintendo apparently just doesn't want to take our money. Honestly, Nintendo baffles me sometimes. Whatever, guess I'll be doing it myself. 
Everywhere near me is out of stock already :/ What are the odds Walmart/Amazon/Best Buy will price match this?

Edit: even though the website showed as out of stock, my local target still had 2 on the shelf. May be worth calling/going to your local target even if the website claims there’s none 
I’d love for 50v50 to stay around forever. It’s great when I want to play some Fortnite but not one of the more stressful/slow paced modes. It’s not like a Fortnite doesn’t have enough of a player base to support it IMO. 
ROLF
Same. I love Apollo, but at this point I feel like I spend more time force closing the app than actually using it.
Could I possibly acquiesce a timestamp/link so I could witness this the entirety of this amazing interview?
What is the context for this?

Actually, never mind. Dan is all the context that is needed.
Who at Twitter decided that users want to randomly see 2+ hour old tweets at the top their feeds? It's the most obnoxious thing ever. Frequently I'll see old tweets and just assume that no one I follow has been tweeting recently, but in reality the new tweets are just under the old ones that Twitter decided to put at the top of my feed for... reason. Don't even get me started on seeing what people like (because isn't it literally just a clone of retweeting at this point?).
Going tilted with randoms is suicide. Everyone drops at a different building and dies to the coordinated squads. But for some reason half of my random squads haven’t figured this out yet...
It's treason then
It was bad enough in their first match of the split, I’m not sure I can suffer through an entire series of that 
Ah, I figured it was something that simple. Got it working, thanks for the help!
Correct
I bought MW2 on PC last week and noticed that I was never getting Favela. What’s up with that?
> keeping people informed

They went completely radio silent for two months during the "Early 2018" release window that they had set last time we heard from them. How does that qualify as keeping people informed?
We’ll post an update on the switch version later in the week. And the update is... there is no update! Not sure why they couldn’t just post the switch news earlier in the week since the only news is there is no news. 
Yet people still trying to find ways to get Levi on the main roster lmao
Buy back Contractz pls
First half of the split: C9 lost the offseason LUL

Second half of the split: C9 lost the offseason FeelsBadMan
God of War 2 & 3 are some of my favorite games of all time, and every time I see gameplay of this one I get... sad. This isn't God of War.
The day I never see a Tahm again will be the greatest day of my life. 
Holy shit it’s not just me? I’m so close to switching to another app, subreddits randomly not loading has been driving me crazy. 
Exactly. I want them to take their time on it and have it be an amazing port, but a little communication would be great. It’s been complete radio silence for a month and a half. If they need to delay it some more that’s fine, but at least say something. 
Why is there 6 pedals when there are only 4 directions?
Smoothie hooking Thresh into the perfect position several times hasn’t helped 
> Impact was rated rather low

...what?
Perkz ints and still the botlane gets blamed. The botlane isn't the greatest in the league but they aren't this team's issue. No individual player is, they just suck as a team.
How was this game in any way Hjarnans fault?
Activision owns Crash, not Sony
> retain the feel of the original games

Meanwhile, the hitboxes...


I wish release dates wouldn't be given until the developers were confident they could hit it. I have no problem with devs taking their time, but it gets annoying to be told a date only for it to keep getting pushed back, or in this case just complete radio silence.
Same here. They had incredible lineup last year, but there is... not a single thing this year that excites me. 
Donkey Kong already has a release date (May 4th)
Context: [Yet another resignation in the Trump administration.](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/06/us/politics/gary-cohn-resigns.html)

No chaos though, the administration only has [the highest turnover rate in decades.](http://fortune.com/2018/02/13/donald-trump-white-house-staff-turnover/)
No, it's a Tide ad
When I first saw the leaks, I assumed Apple would always have the status bar black since the screen is oled, therefor the notch would blend in except for the icons. 

Apparently not. Still not sure why Apple didn’t do that...
I made the mistake of actually looking behind me when I heard that. 


Big fucking mistake. 
What the fuck. My brain hurts after watching that 
Zero is also the number of websites I want to enable notifications for.
Don't make me fail you
IIRC Mata got MVP at S4 Worlds 
Honestly just look them up on YouTube or you’re going to be searching for a long time 
That's encouraging. I've only made it a few rooms into the core, needed a break after the hell that was summit.
I'm on the Core B-Side and I kinda want to die
Crash 2 is my favorite video game of all time, but they botched the hitboxes so hard in N Sane Trilogy that anytime I ever want to play Crash in the future I'll immediately go back to the old games. Seriously, did no one play test those games? Landing a jump only to slide off is one of the most frustrating things in gaming that I've experienced lately. It adds absolutely nothing to the game other than being a gigantic "fuck you" for no reason. Add in the fact that enemies (or Crash, not sure which) have a much bigger hitbox than they should meaning you get hit without actually being touched, the remakes are just a frustrating experience all around. 

The trilogy was what finally drove me to getting a PS4 and it ended up being one of my biggest gaming let downs
Golden Guardians are honestly on the same level as SKT right now
I've only watched a few episodes from this season. I think I've finally freed myself from the organic grasps of this show. At least season 4 was so bad that it was entertaining, this season has just been bad in a boring way.
It already expired, if the year long exclusivity rumor was true
Going from watching Caps and Febiven to... that. Yikes
If you don't have faith, why are you even here?
The casters were trying way to hard to hype this narrative. Fnatic are not suddenly the “kings” because they beat G2 in an early season BO1 lol. 
If I took a shot every time I heard the word "kings" this match I think I would be dead
The price of the base operators is bumped up insanely high in the starter edition. It costs 500-2000 to buy an operator in the regular edition, and 12500 in the starter edition. For reference, you earn 150-250ish currency per match.
Bought one a year ago for that price, I could turn around and sell it right now for nearly $400. Hopefully crypto mining dies soon so prices can be reasonable again.
Such as?
I love my PC, but if the price of a high or even medium end PC is over $1000 for the PC alone when I want to do a new build in a year or two I can’t possibly justify sticking to PC gaming. I’d miss my mouse and keyboard, but if the prices are going to stay like this I’ll end up buying a PS4 Pro instead of a PC. 
Same here, if the prices remain this stupid in a year when I want to upgrade I might have to give up on PC gaming, which I really don’t want to do but I can’t justify the price for a high end GPU :/
Is that you, Mr President?
If the prices are still this fucking stupid in a year from now when I want to upgrade from my RX480 I might have to do the same. I LOVE PC gaming, but I can’t possibly justify dumping this kind of money into it. When a PS4 Pro or a One X cost less than a mid range GPU, I can’t see the point in building a gaming PC. Fuck crypto, I hope it crashes. 
Just got Frost yesterday and can 100% relate to this. Most of my trap kills so far have been from traps where I was like "idk where the hell to put this, fuck it I'll just throw it in this shitty spot". It seems the less thought I put into the placement the more likely they are to work lol
Yep. My guess is they know enough people will pay the $20 fee that it’s worth it unfortunately. 
My apartment charges a $20 fuck you fee for any non-recurring online payment. I get the water bill each month through the apartment, and since that's not the same every month I can't set up a recurring payment for it (because the system is archaic and can't automatically pay a balance, only a set amount each month). So instead, I have to drop off a check for it each month, which is more inconvenient than paying online for both me and them. I hope they lose their database, wouldn't feel bad for them at all.
I’ll be looking to upgrade from my RX480 in like a year and I’m genuinely concerned that I might end up being priced out of PC gaming altogether, because these GPU prices are stupid. 
USS Callister is the only episode from this season I would consider putting in my top 10 Black Mirror episodes. The season as a whole was a gigantic let down.
Help! Help! The secretary has fallen!
Jesse is the NLSS guest I never knew I needed until now
There were some alright episodes, but nothing really stood out to me. I definitely wouldn't put any of these episodes in my Black Mirror top 5.
I've played about 2 hours and I'm not sure if I'm even going to finish. Every time I start it I decide to go do something more interactive after 15 minutes. Glad I'm not alone in that, as it seems everywhere I look there is nothing but praise for the game.
Same here. Usually when a game becomes super popular I can understand why, even if I don’t enjoy it myself. But PUBG makes no sense to me at all, it seems 90% of the game is downtime. 
Yeah I agree. I listen to most episodes, but it definitely gets old listening them talk about Texas specific stuff for 15+ minutes of every episode.
Same here, haven't bothered with the third season. It really started to get forced at some points.
Same here, it’s not worth the effort figuring out if the store I’m at supports it or not, I’d rather take 3 seconds to just pull out my credit card. I look forward to a future where it is accepted everywhere, however. 
Oliver was perfectly fine with technology himself until they dumbed him down to justify Fefe. 
He can just say some shit about how Mueller was wasting precious taxpayer dollars on a partisan witch hunt and 35% of the country will fall for it hook, line, and sinker. I’ve come to accept that too many people in this country would believe the sky is pink if Trump said it was so. 
I have a similar room mate situation. He got a dog, but doesn’t actually take care of it aside from feeding it (meaning he rarely lets it outside to go to the bathroom) so it goes the bathroom in the apartment frequently. Whenever someone mentions it to him, he says basically the same thing “you can clean it if it bothers you”. My apartment fines you $250 for unregistered pets, and I’m positive he never registered it. Soon me and my other room mates will probably just report him and make him eat the fine. Asshole. 6 months until I’m free from college housing and shitty room mates forever. 
I’m a QA Engineer Intern at the moment, and I enjoy it so I think I’m gonna stick with this career path. Where are you located/how much experience do you have to get that kind of salary? It seems ~55k is the average starting salary around here. 
Pricing errors always bring out the entitled people. It’s pretty hilarious watching people act as though they’re the victim in these scenarios. Everyone who downloaded the games did it knowing full well it was a pricing error, then they try and take the moral high ground. 
$60 for "up to 15 mbps down" here, which never actually goes above 2.2 mbps because they know we have no other options. Yay America. 
My apartment has no charge if you set up automatic payments, but anything else has a $20 “convenience fee” attached. My apartment also takes the water bill and automatically splits it up between all of the room mates each month, but I can’t set up an automatic payment for that since it changes each month. So I either have to pay the $20 fuck you fee, or drop off a check at the office which is more inconvenient than paying online for both me an them. 

Fuck I can’t wait to be done with college housing. 
I have the same thing. I’ve seen it mentioned before, not sure why some people notice it while others do not. 
Of all the stupid shit Arrow has done, this one blows my mind the most. They had this super obvious amazing plot all lined up. Oliver goes in the Lazarus Pit, and comes out crazy. Instead they didn’t do that, and instead went with... penicillin tea. Only to introduce the Lazarus Pit several episodes later and give that plot line to Thea instead. How in the world did they manage to fuck that up?
I don't like it, but free movement makes me motion sick after about 15 minutes :/ Every game should at least have the option though 
I don’t think anyone was raving about this season. You may have seen people talking about season 5, which was almost as good as the first 2. 
Nope that about sums it up. I’ve actually skipped most of the episodes because I have 0 interest in watching the yearly Oliver stops being the Green Arrow plot. 
Season 5 was pretty good. Not perfect, but far better than the rest of the garbage we’ve been given recently. Unfortunately things have now returned to normal. 

Guggie gave us hope... just so he could rip it away. 
Felicity hijacked Barry and Iris wedding and made it all about herself (her and Oliver randomly decided to get married in the middle of SOMEONE ELSES WEDDING). This is several episodes after Oliver proposed to her and she basically emotionally castrated him in front of everyone for even daring to ask her that. 

TL;DR typical organic Arrow things 
Protector of speedforce 
Not sure how it works on PSVR, but most games on the Oculus are mirrored to your primary display.
Target has it online for $25. $5 more than Best Buy but it's the only place I could find that wasn't in store only. 
I don’t think there is but I can almost guarantee they went out of stock the second the doors opened 
They haven't confirmed it, but considering it was up in the air for a long time if it was even going to get a 5th season and now that it's Friday nights doesn't bode well for the future. It's a shame that good TV like Shield dies while garbage like Arrow keeps going
Have this issue on my 8 plus as well. Extremely annoying that it’s been happening since I got the phone and it still hasn’t been fixed 
Download speed has little do with gaming online unless it's EXTREMELY slow. It's all about ping.

Source: Once had 1.2 mbps down (about 300-400 mb per hour) and had no problems gaming
You can do this in midair after you bounce off of cappy and he comes back to you. It's not a huge distance increase, but it's still an increase.
I can guarantee no one who actually works in IT enjoys those “references”. 

Source: work in IT
I've never heard someone complain that there's too much story in Doom. There's like 10 minutes total in the entire game that isn't optional.
Same thing when attempting to preorder through BestBuy. Guess I'll be going to the store for once.
It's been fixed in 11.2 beta 2 so I'm not really sure why they're waiting on the fix for other users. I think it's a large enough issue that it needs to be hotfixed.
The only part you really need to know to easily beat the race is crossing the gap, which is relatively easy if you start on the tree behind the one this guy jumps off and figure out the spacing for a triple jump. Won't get you any world records, but for just beating the race it's not too hard with some practice.
Unfortunately the X release is stealing all the attention away from this 
Honestly they need to hire an intern or something to fact check the scripts because it's extremely immersion breaking when they start spewing random techno-babble. I know it's not a realistic show... but c'mon, a simple google search or two could do wonders for the tech scenes. Or writing plots that don't involve magically hacking away every problem, that would be a good start too.
Another IT guy here, I have to watch Mr Robot to keep myself sane and remind myself not every writer is oblivious to how technology works
Team Baer
I've spent way too much time watching CW shows, that totally threw me off
Is there any place to buy these online? I really like that Zelda skin, but the nearest Target is 45 minutes away
Same here, iPhone 8 Plus
Every college student takes an 8am at some point, thinking to themselves "I did this all through high school, I can manage again".

It isn't the same. At all.
Jack said in a Thorin video that Rushes time on C9 was done regardless of the import rules 
Pretty sure that was Rekkles and Febiven
No one who has ever played with sOAZ has complained about his attitude. The occasional whining on  Twitter doesn't mean he's not a friendly guy in person.  
Why should he have to drop $160 on a pair of earbuds to solve a problem that shouldn't exist?
I'm okay with it in Overwatch because it subsidizes the new map/characters that would otherwise be paid DLC. Now, if they were to start charging for that as well (or add non-cosmetics to the boxes) I would have a problem with it.
Having a headphone jack is absolutely superior to not having one. Apple deserves abuse for it because it's an obnoxious decision that has negative effects on the entire industry.
Because as soon as Apple did it, everyone knew the rest of the industry would be soon to follow
404 not found D:
I agree, I don’t know why people are clamoring for a Super Metroid remake so much. The game for the most part is perfectly playable, while the first 2 were clearly in desperate need of a remake. I would much rather see a new game than another remake. 
Source? I believe it unfortunately, I just need to know for sure so my last bit of hope can die
If you could do a 2560x1440 that would be great :D
He's the Kylo Ren to Hitler's Vader
My phone shipped Friday morning. Verizon says Monday delivery, FedEx says Tuesday. What does everyone think my odds are of actually getting it Monday?
Wow, that’s actually the perfect description 
Yep, not being delivered until Monday or Tuesday :/
It's 0.2 mm thicker, not enough to affect cases. Many old cases on Amazon have already been updated to reflect that they are compatible with both the 7 and the 8.
Sorry, should have clarified better. I'm looking to get it this weekend. There will be people around who can sign for it during the week, I'm just impatient lol
My order just got shipped, expected delivery on Monday. I'll be gone from late Sunday until late next week, so is there any way to change the shipping address/get Saturday delivery/pickup from location on Saturday to a Verizon Fedex shipment?

I'm doing monthly payments, so as far as I'm aware I can't just buy a second one and then return this one without paying up front for the second...
Does Fedex deliver on Saturdays?
Yep, assuming I’ll wake up to tracking information in the morning 
Finally got charged/got text message from Verizon saying my order was received. What are the odds my phone actually gets here tomorrow?
The 8+ is compatible with all 7+ cases. Same size
I ordered it Friday night and have the same thing, beginning to run out of hope 
I ordered the Gold on the night of the 15th, still processing :/
Guessing it's a hallucination/dream
Ordered at about the same time, also still processing. If it’s still processing on Friday I might go to a Verizon store and see if they happen to have any in stock
My 8+ is still sitting on processing, haven't been charged.
Mine is still processing, ordered Friday afternoon. Beginning to worry it won't get here on release day
On the phone or online? Mine is also not delivering until the 29th, would be nice to just pick it up on the 22nd
Same GPU here, as far as I know the game’s optimization on AMD cards is a dumpster fire unfortunately 
Do you have an AMD GPU? I tried running TNO a few months ago and no matter what I did it couldn't hit a stable 60fps.
Same here, I was hoping to get lucky and still have it deliver on release day but that's not seeming likely :/
Still says processing here
Does anyone know if it's possible to do this with FedEx, for those of us who ordered through Verizon?
Gimme a red
Same here. Hopefully it's actually delivered sooner, because ordering through Apple's website still has release day delivery :/
I'm sure they're producing as many X's as physically possible. Components don't just come out of thin air.
https://www.verizonwireless.com/support/annual-upgrade-program-for-iphone-faqs/

Seems that if you have paid off 50% of the phone, you can trade it in for a new model. Similar to how the iPhone Upgrade Program from Apple works.
When I first saw the leaks I had assumed the status bar would always be black in order to hide the notch. I wish it had been, because that notch looks hideous on any color that isn't black.
GameXplain said he played his entire first playthrough on an old 3DS and it worked perfectly.
[Thorin franchising video. I don't remember where he said it (maybe someone else remembers) but it's in there](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Vw1dzbhmBE)
I don't have a particular reason, I just tried 110 and when that didn't work I dropped to 96 (just because it's a refresh rate that I see mentioned a lot in relation to this monitor) and it was fine. I never bothered to experiment further since I likely wouldn't really notice a difference, so I never bothered to change it again. There's probably someone better qualified than me to answer this question.
Matte, I could never deal with a glossy monitor 
I've had this for several months. Picture quality is great and I got it at 96hz. Only issue is the bad stand and backlight bleed, but there's gotta be some tradeoff for the price.
Because it's posted in literally every thread
Maybe not individually, but he had much better synergy with Jankos.
I started this series indifferent towards the teams and by the end I was rooting for H2K. That chanting was so obnoxious
/r/fuckchuck
It looks terrible on third party apps. The "smart" aspect is not smart at all once you leave Apple apps.
Woah I’ve never noticed that before 
Smart invert is complete garbage as soon as you want to use a third party app
>top half LCS jungler for all of his career

Spring 2017?
The lack of a dark mode in iOS to take advantage of the 8/X/Edition OLED screen makes it even more of a hard sell.
My body is ready for another reverse sweep filled gauntlet run
Same here, it took me until half way through my senior year to find my true group of friends. I still hang out with that group all the time, but my biggest high school regret is not dropping my old friend group sooner.
I'm guessing there won't be another "Edition" and the design will instead just be merged into the regular line of phones
Unfortunately that's not going to happen until people stop buying Skyrim despite owning it on 3 other consoles already.

Edit: Downvoting me won't change the fact that Bethesda has no incentive to put effort into ES6 while people are still willing to buy Skyrim multiple times.
Everyone excited about Stardew and I'm just here waiting for more info on Terraria...
> 2016 Worlds

...you did watch TSMs games, correct? Sven was going off almost every game and was by far their best player...
> as usual

What? He's been good internationally all except for one time he's played lmfao
I don't know
https://twitter.com/FORG1VENGRE/status/901861268356833280
KT and getting fucked by SKT
If TSM wins tomorrow finals are basically meaningless to both teams since first and second seeds are the same for NA
Hey give him some credit, he used it once on a CC'd Ashe
Surely Jhin will scale up, we just have to wait
The physics in that fight seemed like they made no sense. Most of the time I just jumped and hoped everything would work out.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
That shot + Karen and Foggy broke me. I knew he wasn't actually dead but I still had to pause to collect myself. 
THEY DESERVE TO DIE. ALL OF THEM.
I'm not saying there should be unlimited subs, but I'm willing to bet the top teams in other regions make enough money to have at least a few subs. The problem is lack of talent in other regions, not lack of money.
Joining in with you on that one, Shovel Knight was more frustrating than fun
> And their vote counts just as much as yours.

Actually there's a pretty good chance it counts even more than yours.
I feel like I'm ending up at the top of losing teams more often in this than in any other game. 
I hope so. SKT shouldn't get punished just because no one else utilizes subs as well as they do. 
I believe they can only bring one
If the roster can't work together then it is a problem
P1 ended in last place, I imagine there will be at least a few roster changes. 
I swear every time I play that map is in rotation. I've definitely played on Moray at least 4x as much as Starfish Mainstay, which is almost never in the rotation it feels like...
Booya!
I'm far from a Keith defender, but I'm gonna say that was a team call.
Help! Help! The secretary has fallen!
Holy shit you just blew my mind. Time to go put my hot pockets in the fridge. 
Is it possible to learn this power?
needs more jpeg
I had the same in The New Order, was really hoping it got fixed in this one. Ah well, hopefully the new one runs better.
The Nintendo defense squad appears to be out in force today
Splatoon works better on my phone hotspot than it does on my actual wifi.
I finally had to cave and buy a LAN adapter. I was playing literally feet away from my router, and would disconnect from 3/4 games (no other game had this problem). It would only drop for a few seconds, but of course that's all it takes to permanently boot you from the game because Nintendo is years behind everyone else in online. 
The point of this post is that it SHOULD be an option though. Obviously it's not a good option right now because Nintendo is still stuck in the 1900s in most aspects. 
Why should I have to buy a second tablet in order to watch Netflix? Is this seriously a defense?
Yeah I'm not sure why this post even exists. If I had to choose between DLC and content locked behind almost impossible to find amiibos, I know which one I'm choosing. Nintendo is even worse than most other companies...
Man I'm glad if I want the optional hard mode in Samus Returns I'll have to fork out more money than any DLC from other companies costs. 
Nanites, courtesy of Ray Palmer. They're delivering a high frequency pulse that's disabling your cells. You're not going to be fat again for quite a while!
Most other devs don't lock coop modes behind limited time slots in the first place...
Even charging for this in the eShop would be crossing a line. It's a difficulty setting for gods sake, this is the type of thing that should (and previously has been) just be in the game.
I played on one of the maps for the first time tonight. I am level 12. There are only 8 maps in this game... It's really stupid how you can go so long without playing a map just because it happens to never be in the rotation when you play.
RIP any chance of CLG going to worlds... why would Liquid ever want to take Dardoch back? Why would he WANT to go back??
The first aerospray loadout has the bomb launcher and that combination basically guarantees you top of the scoreboard every game. Amazing loadout for turf war. 
Factorio is never going to go on sale. I fully recommend it though, easily worth full price.
I've been playing on my phone's hotspot (Verizon) all weekend and have not experienced a single connection drop or any lag at all. It's actually pretty amazing.
I think we are interpreting what "best team" means differently. When I think of the best team historically it would be SKT (or G2, in Europes case). But when I hear best team right now, I'm thinking about this very day. And on this very day, neither G2 nor SKT are the best.
If there was to be a tournament of the all the best teams in the world today, would SKT win it? Probably not. I don't doubt SKT will pick it back up before worlds, but at this present moment they are playing like dog shit. They can be called the best again when they start to play like the best. 
What he's saying is that at this very second, SKT is not the best team in the world. Which is true, they've looked like complete garbage since RR. 
Puyo Puyo Tetris is $10 cheaper digital than it is physical 
You're right, Bjerg won every single game for several years straight while he was the best. 
Did you watch him play on LZ? He was far from one of the best junglers in Korea before he left...
Probably his name, I have an uncle named that. I have a hard time keeping a straight face whenever I say it. 
The best part is most of the tweets in that section don't actually appear in your timeline. Thanks Twitter, the only reason I "missed" them is because you forced them into your useless section. 
And why do the Underwoods randomly trust her?
Between this season being nominated for Best Drama and Michael McKean not being nominated at all, I have trouble taking this years Emmys seriously. 
The physical version excuse is bullshit anyway, puyo puyo Tetris has a cheaper digital release vs physical. It's just nicalis taking advantage of people. 
Yep, $30. Nicalis likes gouging Switch players it seems, considering Cave Story+ on the Switch is also $30
I was planning on doing that but the switch price is double that of the steam release
Season 4 was the worst season of TV I ever watched, but season 5 pulled a miracle and the show was good again. 
I recently picked up Smash for the 3DS and it seems like 90% of the stages have some obnoxious gimmick. Sometimes it feels like I'm fighting the stage more than the opponent. 
CLG, KT, G2... SKT leaves a trail of broken teams behind them wherever they go 
He was better than Bjerg at MSI. Him being a dumpster fire currently doesn't mean we can rewrite history. 
I feel like that's my reaction almost every time I see Riven picked in competitive.
Has anyone seen Rush and MikeYeung in the same room?
Not just the men, but the women and the children too!
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Xpecial the wise?
Missing regular Snow Go and Eel Deal tracks it seems (unless I'm blind and missed them)
True, I was thinking about on foot levels. 
I wish, I don't have a Wii U. I ordered 3D Land for the 3DS a few days ago, hopefully that scratches a similar itch.
It's the same discount, but without the 2 week limit that Amazon gives you. I just bought a 3DS and have already gotten my money's worth out of GCU because 20% off of every game adds up fast. It also gives you 10% off of pre-owned games.
I think Crash 1 hasn't aged especially well, but the other 2 have aged fine. I miss linear 3d platformers, I wish there were more of them.
Fly wasn't cheesing at the start of the split though. They were playing mostly meta until their mid split slump, which is when they started trying out different picks.
I struggled through gp4 to unlock ranked just because there is no other way to do just normal 1v1s :/ I'm not even super competitive, that's just the only mode I enjoy 
People didn't dislike her because she was in a relationship with the main character, they disliked her because she was in a POORLY WRITTEN relationship. Everyone was cheering for Olicity to happen during the first 2 seasons. 

As an avid fan of Breaking Bad, very few people (on Reddit at least) hated the actress. Anyone who actually said terrible things about her got downvoted pretty quickly. Sure, if you look hard enough you can find bad people, but that's just life. It's not fair to paint any dislike of female characters as misogyny, which is what is going on in this thread. 

Edit: To provide a perfect counter example to Arrow, let's look at a show in the same universe, Supergirl. Everyone (and I do mean everyone) loves Kara and Mellissa Benoist. The most hated character the last season was Mon-El. Interesting, when the main character is a female and there's an annoying man taking up screen time and being the center of a forced relationship he's the the one people hate, not Kara...
Jack said in a video with Thorin (the franchising video I believe) that Rush's time on C9 was done regardless of import rules. Getting Impact had nothing to do with Rush. 
What are you even talking about right now? The writers on these shows are torn to shreds, especially on /r/arrow. Stop trying to make a controversy where there is none. 
People hate those characters because they are poorly written, not because they are women. /r/arrow loved Felicity during the first 2 seasons when she was a good character. She's an awful character now, so people hate her. It has NOTHING to due with gender. Same thing applies to Lori. I haven't followed season 3 of flash, but few people disliked Caitlin during the first 2 seasons...
Yes please let there be a way to disable this. It's literally the same thing as retweets. 
It feels like there should be another difficulty level between 3 and 4, because the change there is just enormous. 
Damn it Barry
Or there did at one point exist a model with touchId on the back
Some of their best games last split were with Zig carrying on stuff like Kled. Idk why they are suddenly just ignoring him.
He was their second worst player in 2016 spring
Holy shit I forgot this copy pasta even existed
He looked pretty bad his first split as well, people just forget that because he looked amazing in summer.
House of cards at its worst could still never dream of being as organic as arrow season 4
And why did she suddenly get so much screen time? The show never gave me a reason to care about her
It was yesterday!
Yeah unless P1 can return to top form, I don't see any of those teams beating CLG in the gauntlet.
Absolutely the most underrated show ever. I'd put it at number 2 (under Breaking Bad) on my favorite shows of all time list.
RX480 here, game ran like butter once they patched the random micro-stutters out.
Probably 2-3 chicks a piece 
Specifically I am remembering Injustice
Instead of being outclassed by Smeb, he would instead be outclassed by Marin. Not a huge change. 
This is the same reason I love arms. Every other fighting game makes me want to quit as soon as I see a list of 20+ combos pop up during the tutorial. 
You're not alone, nothing ruins my day like waking up to complete darkness. Doesn't matter how much sleep I got, I still feel like death for hours. 
Considering the rumors of an OLED iPhone, I had hope that this would finally be the year we got dark mode. I'm about ready to give up all hope of that ever happening at this point 
It felt like they wrote some great scenes, and then at the last second realized they had to find some way to connect them. Some of the shows best scenes came from this season, but there was just so much vague nonsense in between all of them.
It doesn't get any better
It felt like they wrote that line specifically for the trailer and then were like shit we actually have to put that in the show somewhere now, because in the context of the season that line made actually 0 sense

I was hyped for this season, thinking the Underwoods were going to try and become dictators. Realistic? Not at all, but 100x more interesting than what we got. What ever happend to "Underwood 2016, 2020, 2024, 2028, 2032, 2036"? What was even the point of that? It feels like they wrote that whole scene specifically for the trailers, with no intention of it actually meaning anything in the context of the show...
They chose to cut it so we could have more screen time for Underwood vs Underwood v34289347. Yay...
A simple 3 season arc (with season 3 being the downfall of the Underwoods) would have left this as one of the best shows ever. Now it's just being dragged through the dirt. The show still has some good moments, but it's long overstayed its welcome.
It feels like her character came out of nowhere and the Underwoods trust her for some reason?
Interesting, I did not know that. Might have to give overcast another try, that sounds useful 
Same here, dropped a ton of weight after high school and have no idea how to interact with people
Pocket Casts has both of those as well
[MFW Frank is only 5 steps ahead](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ONwdYGKKxpA/maxresdefault.jpg)
I liked him before release/during beta, but it seemed like shortly after the games release he completely changed
T-Pain!
Also from bumble fuck Minnesota, can relate. Thankfully Minneapolis and St Paul save us from being yet another deep red state.
But not that much 
Because I have a job that takes up most of my time and don't want to be exclusively playing Zelda for 6 months?
"You can shake your dick, you can bang it against the wall, but in your pants is where the last drop shall fall"
What kind of heathen eats fish & chips with a fork?
He played a few games for SK because of Svens ban 
> I really don't get this push to get last gen games remade on the Switch. 

Look at Wii U sales figures, that should help you understand. Fact of the matter is many Switch owners did not own a Wii U.
This roster is the biggest possible argument against franchising
Is that... legal?
Is that... legal?
Season 1 Episode 8
As far as I know any microUsb cable will work as long as it can supply  enough power
Buy it now and figure that out later. That's what I did...

May^Not^Be^The^Most^Responsible^Decision...
Exactly, people were mad when he wouldn't give the west any credit, but to be realistic... did they ever actually deserve any? He was a realist, and the reality is the west is complete shit compared to Korea, people just didn't like him saying it.
It's not a story Chuck would tell you
How does his flair affect the statement at all...? SKT wasn't even involved in this game
Instead, games just never get those discounts at all
Wrestle with Jeff, prepare for death
No way CLG can afford to pay Froggen more than Fox does
Shield and Better Call Saul both being on right now makes sitting through the CW shows so much more painful... especially after the masterpiece episodes they both had this week. 
Freeze was never a sub for Forgiven
*organic screeching*
H2K Forgiven and Vander has a nice ring to it, I think that team would have potential to do well at worlds.
Most underrated show of all time. Everyone should do themselves a favor and watch it, I see it mentioned so rarely.
> I don't like star wars

Then you are lost!
I think people overlook this when talking about Dardoch's consistency. He HAD to go for big plays, because if he didn't Immortals would just roll over and die (for the first 2/3 of the split at least, they got better towards the end). 
So you must not consider a sub a sandwich then?
Explain your logic here. How can you call an ice cream sandwich a sandwich and not a hot dog? Ignoring the fact that society is insane and is ok with naming something a sandwich that is clearly not a sandwich. 
I skipped Black Ops 2 and when I booted up zombies in Black Ops 3 I barely even recognized the mode. Even some of the DLC Black Ops maps were a little too complicated. It's definitely become too convoluted for me over the years.
Hm that's a good point. Maybe they should have spent more time focusing on that reason instead of acting like Oliver has never killed anyone before and they need to preserve his innocence.
You're not alone, my elementary school class mates ruined urinals for me for years  
I think a Green Arrow game with Arkham style combat would be pretty cool
This is getting out of hand. Now there are two of them. 
Reddit can sponsor them, I'll take charge. Of course, I'll need to keep a small fee since I'll be quitting my job...
She'd be less aggravating if the writers didn't try to write her as a perfect person. Everyone has flaws, so it's hard to relate to her character when she's treated as a perfect little angel. 
I think this is what's really bad about her writing. When the writers want to make her seem powerful, they do it by making everyone around her dumb, which is just irritating to watch and is overall a trash writing technique. 
Remember when Oliver put an Arrow through Roy's knee to stop him? What happened to Oliver's balls...
> sometimes they speak so f'ing quickly and / or mutter that I have no damn idea what the hell they just said

"Maybe if we speak fast enough no one will notice how bullshit our technobabble is"
Every attempt they made to make Felicity/Helix badass was absolutely awful in just about every way.
Exactly, if they let the Bratva kill Chase they still could have stopped the second part of Anatoly's plan (which they did anyway). Literally no downside to it other than OLIBURZ FEELZ. This show actually kills my brain cells sometimes.
Penny and dime...
I've been tracking stock while saving up money and it seems to come into stock somewhere every week or two. Good luck in your hunt!
Set up mobile notifications at NowInStock. Have your credit card ready to go at a moments notice. 
This happened to me when I played it. I did most of the side quests and ended up quickly outleveling everything. 
How has this champion gone all split without an ult nerf??
May 30th
For real... I'd personally put Hauntzer over Arrow but the people in this thread acting like it's some grand conspiracy against TSM need to chill the hell out.
It's not a story a professor would tell you 
To add to this, don't take the professors word for it when on the first day of class they say the book is required. Wait until you are 100% sure you actually need it. 

Source: been burned too many times by "required" textbooks that I never even opened. 
This is getting out of hand
Then you are lost!
Is it possible to learn this power?
It's frustrating that the only way to get a Switch is to buy a bundle where nothing is even discounted. It seems really scummy to use stock shortages to force these terrible bundles upon people.
Henlo?
Let's break it DOWN
This is getting out of hand. Now there are two of them. 
5 months later, still pretty fucking awesome
Begun, the clone war has
Currently live in the boonies with shitty DSL, can confirm. Getting the ISP to actually acknowledge an issue on their end is an exercise in frustration. 
Revisionist history after one great (or terrible) series is what Reddit does best
It's treason, then
I don't care how they do it, if factorio comes to the switch it's an instant buy from me. 
Why do people keep spouting this narrative about cheese picks? They played mostly standard during the start of the split when they were doing well, the cheese picks didn't really start until they started losing 
Same here. Been trying to give my money to Nintendo for the past month but they just don't seem to want it...
Also "the news is fake" from earlier in the episode 
For those of us without another tablet, things like Netflix would be a huge value add though.
I'm sure they do. Doesn't make it any less frustrating as a consumer, however.
It's treason, then
Same here, I just want to give Nintendo my money once I have enough, but they make it really difficult. You'd think they would have console launches figured out by now...
Of all the imports they could get, they used it on a nobody from LSPL with 0 wins.
I'll keep that in mind, thank you!
	public Node findUnchecked(Node root) {
		Queue queue = new Queue();
		Node node = null;
		queue.enqueue(root);	
		while (!queue.isEmpty()) {
			node = (Node) queue.dequeue();
			if (!node.getChecked())
				break;
			queue.enqueue(node.getLeftChild());
			queue.enqueue(node.getRightChild());
		}
		return node;
     }

This is the code I have written. I can't test it yet because there are some other needed methods, but I have run through it on a sheet of paper and it seems pretty close to correct. Am I on the right track here?
3rd year in a row they've been bottom tier
They saw Arrow season 3/4 and decided for some insane reason that is what they would model flash s3 after.
The first thing they showed changed after Flashpoint was that there was Barry-Cisco/Joe-Iris drama. They literally could not have made it any more CW if they tried. CW flashpoint was an absolute joke.
If you were extremely lucky, it may even finish buffering before dad decided to make a phone call. 
k8
The dry heaves after you're done is worse than the vomiting itself is, which is saying something because vomiting fucking sucks.
Is it really worth using an import slot to replace Apollo? Because he's as good as they're going to get for a NA ADC.
> if gcu fails to make lcs

No "if"... they already failed
I don't know what was going on behind the scenes in TiP, but I remember Adrian got replaced by Gate for a week or two until XWX got banned and Gate had to go mid lane. There was definitely drama with him on that team as well.
Already bought it on PC and will buy it again without hesitation once I get a switch. Amazing game.
I'm sure this series was fantastic training for them
I agree with season 5 being better but completely disagree on the fight scenes. To me season 1 was the best season for action scenes that the show has had. 
Did you ever hear the tragedy of 4th rework the Ryze?
I mean what kind of 16 year old doesn't talk about grabbing women by the pussy while they're married?
This has the makings of a great copy pasta
It's treason then
No penicillin tea could be found
It's not a story an arachnophobe would tell. 
Plenty of people use Galaxy phones... they're the most mainstream phone outside of iPhones.
> Death can come from a brief moment of stupidity, or just dumb luck.

Outside of boss fights where there is little time to heal, this is just not true. You have to massively screw up multiple times in quick succession in Hollow Knight to actually die most of the time. I don't think I died a single time outside of boss fights throughout the entire game. This is coming from someone who doesn't like Dark Souls at all.
I'd say at least 50% of the calls I get on my cell are spam these days. It's gotten to the point where there's no chance in hell I'm ever answering a random number, if it's someone who actually knows me they can leave a voicemail. 
Phrasing?
Yes
He's 10 steps ahead of you and you don't even know what his job is 
Dog.
P1 is either 2nd or 3rd depending on who you ask, don't know if I'd be calling them "bang average"
>If one person died, the entire mission restarted

I'm pretty sure this is incorrect, if one person died everyone got sent back to the last checkpoint. 

Source: died many times doing that vidmaster 
ADC IN 2017 LUL
Speaking of Banshee, everyone should watch Banshee. Amazing show, one of my favorites.
I think a lot of people are looking at the fights through Daredevil goggles. They weren't the greatest thing ever, but they weren't bad.
I actually found the Meachum's more interesting than Danny most of the time.
They made a character who wasn't able to be hurt by conventional means, and then they decided the most interesting way to hurt him was with conventional means (bullets). Absolute nonsense in the writing department.
Froggen may not be the god he once was, but he's far from this teams biggest problem 
What? He was the only top laner who wasn't getting spanked by Impact last summer...
Without Dardoch it will be famine even more often. He needs to go off for Immortals to win
We thought Meteos was holding C9 back, but it was really C9 holding Meteos back
Same experience here, tried playing it for the first time a few years ago. I can see why it was such an influential game at the time, but I think people tend to view it through nostalgia goggles because I thought it felt quite dated. I spent like 3x longer on the game than I probably would have otherwise just because of the expectation that everyone should love OoT.
This is 10x more than I expected from Fly after the past few weeks tbh 
Seriously, who the fuck was calling TSM a middle of the pack team??
He hasn't played professionally in over a year, but I'm sure you know better than the teams that tried him out. 
As someone who suffered through Arrow Season 4, Iron Fist is nowhere close to laughably bad. I'd give it a 8.5/10 from what I've seen so far, I think at the very least it's better than Luke Cage.
Olicity wedding may been the worst episode across all of the DCW shows
Are you saying for the insert method it should be:

    myMap.put(x, null);

Because that's the way I currently have it set up.
It does
Gotcha, makes sense
100% positive
I can't even begin to explain the rage I will feel if Shield is canceled while all the shit on the CW is allowed to live
I believe it was the Roundtable episode that they had Edmund on
I think it's what they tried to do... key word tried 
Unclear
The whole sex ed segment had me laughing more than any NLSS has in a while
That was the first fight on Arrow where I truly felt like the 2 people were trying to kill each other.
I don't think anyone who writes for these CW shows has had a relationship since their teenage years, because that's how they are all handled.
Real talk, urinals should each have their own stall. When was it just universally accepted that men don't like privacy?
> "What's your plan after graduation?"

Idk, throw out resumes and pray to god someone interviews me? What kind of answer are they expecting?

NA didn't even go to IEM so we have no room to talk
I'm tilted and I'm not even an IMT fan
Immortals throws, crowd chants TSM as if they're the best team ever.
What makes you think it was Adrian's decision to leave?
RIP Factorio :(
If this is how they're going to play I hope they drop far enough to miss playoffs and let some more deserving team play. These past few weeks have been an embarrassment.
It's sad that people are going to rewrite history and say Fly was only good because of cheese even though most of their wins were when they played meta. It's Gravity all over again.
Are people going to try and rewrite history like this about FlyQuest? Their first few weeks were mostly cheese free.
It wasn't even a gradual decline, after their first series vs C9 they just turned to complete shit seemingly in a week. 
I've definitely taken some stupid damage due to random input lag/non responsiveness. Wired Xbox one controller. 
What water?
Same here. I don't even have a weak stomach, but when I first read that I only made it part of the way through before I had to stop and go to the bathroom because I honestly felt like I was about to vomit. Never opening that link again. 
I expected them to fall off a little once other teams got synergy, but this is just sad.
I feel bad for Inori, but the team just looks so much better with Meteos.
JESUS CHRIST K8
TheThing :trumpet: BREE DEE DEE
The fact that he's had at least an Isaac video a day since the release of the original and is STILL entertaining is insane. 
We can't let those evil PC/Xbox/Nintendo users to have fun, that would just be the worst.
The first part of season 1 can be a struggle, but pushing through it rewards you with the best superhero show out there (even better than the Netflix shows IMO).
Wasn't CoL vs Curse the longest game...?
Supergirl started the season well but has spent a solid 10+ episodes spinning its wheels with little plot advancement and a lot of forced drama. I'd say it battles Flash for the lowest spot this season. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/5xnohv/inori_on_his_absence_i_feel_like_im_getting/
https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/5xnohv/inori_on_his_absence_i_feel_like_im_getting/
Stunt
The ESPN article said he likely won't play until summer
Adrian and Inori drama
P1 must have valued Inori over Adrian
What other remaster didn't come with all the DLC from the original and then had the balls to charge for it again? 
I'm 99% sure if they ever unbundle it they'll have the balls to charge full price for it.
I assume he suspected she was a member of team arrow and this was his way of confirming his suspicions. 
> Death comes with an annoying punishment, forcing you to go back through a series of challenges that you've completed several times, only to be killed by the same boss, then thrown all the way back to do the same thing over again.

This is my main gripe with the game. I have nothing against hard bosses, but sometimes I run into one, die a few times, and decide I would like to come back later with better gear. However, I can't do that because then I would just be giving up the 800+ currency I was carrying when I stumbled into the room. So I'm basically forced to continue fighting that boss until I win. Also, because the game is so open ended, you really have no way of knowing if the boss you stumbled into is an optional boss or if you have to fight it to continue. Some people may like that, but I find that it is a really frustrating design. 

Another gripe I have with the game is the mapping system. If you enter a new area and happen to miss the guy selling maps, you could be aimlessly wandering around for what feels like forever with no idea where you are going.

Not if you preordered
I love Ana because she's not a pure healbot. I agree that she is OP, but these nerfs are a direct hit to what makes her fun. I would much rather they nerf the heals than turn her into a one dimensional hero that's only good for healing. 
Disagree, portable indies are a big selling point of the switch to me.
The gap feels larger now than it has ever been before. SKT or KT playing any of these teams would just be comical.
I think Altec is doing good enough unless they can get some Arrow level import to replace him. Balls, however... I don't think he has won lane once this entire year.
Idk what's going on with their macro these past few weeks, seems they just run it down mid and occasionally make a risky baron call.
FlyQuest was doing so well with Balls on tanks... then they just stopped??? Clearly the carry tops aren't working...
IIRC Thorin actually predicted them to be a playoffs level team just based off of Hai
Every time Barry loses sight of a villain for 5 seconds and just gives up I get a little more frustrated. It should take him like a second to run around the entire neighborhood, no one should be getting away from him. Flash is so inconsistent. 
> Metroid

lol we wish

That's what really turned me off of the game. A metroidvania of this type without an easily accessible map is just an exercise in frustration. 
Austin streamed Factorio with MALF on Sunday and tbh it was more entertaining than the series on YouTube was. I think Factorio is more interesting to watch when everyone involved knows what they're doing, in the series it felt like the people who knew what to do spent most of the time explaining things to the others instead of bouncing ideas off of each other. I also think 2-3 people is better than 5, it kind of turns into a clusterfuck with that many people.
Ton of really good Widows in quick play because no competitive, really annoying to play against 
Maybe if he listened one of the 50 times they've told him to get power armor
Bjergsen also has 10x harder competition worldwide than they did 
We all did that at one point
Normally I hate those kinds of games, but for some reason I can't get enough on Factorio right now.
> Naehyun has played consistently until today, but possibly not what the club expected of him

What exactly were they expecting of him? I'd say he's doing better than most people expected considering his win record.
It was pretty frustrating watching him get mad at no one else for helping with the wall, which is pretty far down on their list of priorities right now. If he's not having fun with the game anymore that's understandable, it gets pretty complicated, but if that's the case I'd rather he gracefully bow out like Baer rather than drag everyone else down with him.
They already have the best of both worlds. I'm sure they spent plenty of time doing market research on what business model would benefit them the most.
[I think that already happened](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lQ7H-cf-IY)
Gets me a degree which gets me sweet $$$$$. I didn't attend college to learn bullshit in gen eds.
Why does it affect you what console people choose to play games on? If I love a game, the more people I see enjoying it and talking about it the better, I could not care any less what system they're on. Just because Mario is a Nintendo exclusive doesn't mean Crash has to be Sony exclusive, hell there are many more multi platform Crash games than there are exclusives...
This is terrible logic. As consumers, we should NEVER cheer for exclusivity, removal of choice does not benefit us in any way. In a perfect world every game would be on every platform, including Mario and Crash. 
Exactly, my childhood memories are from the game, not from the system I played it on. It's beyond me why anyone would want it to be a PS4 exclusive. If you want to play it on PS4 then play it on PS4 but I see no reason why someone should be upset that other people are playing it on Xbox or (please God hopefully) on PC/Switch. 
When did Tom play at worlds? If I remember correctly, team were only allowed to bring one sub during s5 worlds, and SKT brought Easyhoon. Are you sure you're not thinking of s6 worlds, where Blank started over Bengi frequently?
Nothing kills my desire to finish a run faster than getting curse of the blind.
Especially since it's a tablet, things like Netflix would be a huge value-add. Boggles my mind that things like that aren't ready at launch.
> Come back next week and find out

You might want to sit down for this...
The Robert Queen Green Arrow mention wasn't even Flashpoint, that was on Earth 2.
Piglet and Matt were making a case for best bot lane in NA at the end of last spring, it's sad to see how far they have fallen. 
Flash: "No one can out Flashpoint us"

Shield: "Hold my beer"
Still better than CW Flashpoint
Doesn't look like anything to me 
There's been like 2 episodes of Supergirl this season that haven't been filler episodes. It feels like the writers just have no idea what to do.
Same rankings here. I haven't watched any Flash since the mid season finale, haven't had the motivation yet. This season has not interested me at all, maybe I'm just sick of speedster villains at this point. Also CW Flashpoint was absolute garbage.
I can see nothing good coming from Dardoch and Forgiven on a team together 
I'd love to see what Dardoch would look like on a team like C9. As it is right now he 100% has to pop off every single game or IMT straight loses. 
The NA super team dropped both games to RNG
All the replies missing the joke
It feels like everyone can beat everyone, there is absolutely no consistency from any team right now.
> organically like some CW show

Not even an Askreddit thread about porn is safe...
Thank god Satorius forgot he had TP and decided to walk his ass up to baron in game 1. Wouldn't want to make things too easy for OG.
FNC might have the worst draft of any pro team
Satorius walking all the way up to Baron instead of TPing followed by the flash into hooking the wall titled me for life. 
If they would just take a single episode where they all banded together to kill the aliens the problem would be solved for a while... They've mentioned it before but no one seems to want to do it and it's frustrating #freenick
The blaze is already $50 more on FitBit's website than it is on places like Amazon so still a rotten deal
Feels like there's been so many breaks this season. I can't fault anyone who would rather wait until the season is over and binge it.
I play with touch controls. Not as good as a controller, but good enough, definitely playable.
The Binding of Isaac
Most of the products seem to be more expensive on FitBit's website than they are at other outlets, which kinda defeats the point of the discount in the first place lol
It's hard to tell when Fly blows everything on the GA Maokai
Feels like die more of the time unfortunately 
It felt like a CW plot line which felt very out of place on Shield.
Guggie ruined that word so much that it took me a while to notice the joke you were making
Don't forget the scene earlier in the episode where one of them stormed out of a group meeting like a 5 year old without giving the other person a chance to explain themselves.
Ryu + Arrow already import capped 
I don't own the season pass and I got the update
What he's saying is that in order for Link to play with C9 at all stars, they had to officially "trade" players with CLG and then trade back after.  
Do you have an AMD card? I drop tons of frames on my RX 480 regardless of what I do with the settings. From what I've read online the game is just horribly optimized, at least for AMD cards.
I think Dardoch's inconsistency is the because he knows if he doesn't make plays then there's a good chance Immortals will just roll over and die
Don't give me attitude Joris!
The scariest to me was when he said "I can grab whatever I want" and started touching Violet. 
If I go down, I'm taking Blizzard down with me
I thought the Black Siren episode was kind of bad, but I've enjoyed every other season 5 episode.
I was 80% sure the series was over after I saw the blind pick Zed :/
Maybe don't blind pick Zed
> But why do people keep agreeing with me then?

Probably because there is almost 70k people on this subreddit
> We have you and dozen of your buddies shilling his it's good again.

...you are literally on the Arrow subreddit. Why would people be shilling the show on its own subreddit? Maybe most of us actually enjoy it and you're in the minority on this one.
It feels like it's been months since something actually happened on Supergirl. After break they needed an episode focusing on the main villain (whoever that is, I've actually forgotten since they haven't brought it up in forever) instead of immediately focusing on relationship drama.
Even though I don't visit /r/CWarrow I totally understand why it exists. It's a sad state of affairs when you get downvoted for trying to say something positive about a show in its own subreddit.
100% agreed. I was pissed when Laurel was killed, but at this point I think people are just looking for things to complain about. I feel bad for Katie, but Dinah seemed interesting and I'm willing to give her some more time before I start to proclaim that the sky is falling and we're back to S4 quality.
Forgiven + any NA support would probably be better than the current bot lane.

Though I can just imagine Dardoch and Forgiven together...
It's the year of the NA junglers. Inori, Akaadian, Moon, Contractz... jungle is probably the strongest NA role right now. 
This is not the correct timeline, some would say it's the reverse...
What androids? Doesn't look like anything to me...
She never told him her last name, and probably never will (in the flashbacks at least). He has no idea who she is 
Not at all
> Finds out that Oliver picked Sarah over Shado got butt hurt and is now back for revenge.

We've already done this exact plot
CW Flashpoint might be one of my biggest TV show let downs ever
All of Wikipedia is only 51gb so there must be some serious shit on that drive. Or the writers know absolutely nothing about computers and decided to throw in a large word to sound impressive. Take your pick.
One of the worst TV sequences of all time. I'm pretty sure anyone with even the tiniest bit of computer knowledge wanted to die when watching that episode... I know I certainly did.
I got it, thanks for the help!
This is what my original code with the nested if blocks looks like (the file contains some whitespace, which is why the isDigit check is there). The original input from the user can be split into an array of characters, I just can't store characters from the file into an array.
	       



            char[] userInput2 = userInput.toCharArray();
	        char input1 = userInput2[0];
	    	char input2 = userInput2[1];
	    	char input3 = userInput2[2];
	    	char input4 = userInput2[3];
	    	char input5 = userInput2[4];
	    	char input6 = userInput2[5];
            int value = 0;    
            while((value = br.read()) != -1) {
	           count++;
	           char g = (char)value;
	           if (Character.isDigit(g)){
	        	   if (g == input1)	   	    			
                        int z = br.read();
	   	    			char a = (char) z;
	   	    			if (a == input2){
	   	    				count++;
	   	    				int y = br.read();
	   	    				char b = (char) y;
	   	    				if (b == input3){
	   	    					count++;
	   	    					int x = br.read();
	   	    					char c = (char) x;
	   	    					if (c == input42){
	   	    						count++;
	   	    						int w = br.read();
	   	    						char d = (char) w;
	   	    						if (d == input5){
	   	    							count++;
	   	    							int v = br.read();
	   	    							char e = (char) v;
	   	    							if (e == input6){
	   	    								count++;
	   	    								System.out.println("Match was found at " + (count-7)); 

I kinda get what you're saying about setting it up as a while loop instead of a bunch of if statements, and I am aware of break/continue. Any hints on how I would go about setting that while loop up?
> I want everything that Kara said to James to Oliver Queen and see what he says

"You have failed this universe" followed by a kryptonite arrow to the face. 
Or google search "computer terms" and throw them together randomly
You're not alone, I also struggled with having enough ammo when it came to bosses.
Going from blasting enemies in one hit with the shotgun to emptying what felt like endless rounds into them with the machine gun felt real bad. I'm half convinced the pistol actually kills faster than the machine gun does. 
I played it for a few hours eventually got bored because it felt like a lot of my time playing as a hunter was spent chasing after the monster, which was really not fun.
...in what world is Impact an average player? Are we watching the same games?
[MFW good shows are in danger of being canceled while Arrow shits the bed every year](http://imgur.com/gallery/NQjgc89)
Honestly playing for a trash tier team like OG is probably worse for your career than just taking a split off.
If Shield gets canceled while all the CW shows live there is no justice in this world.
Alternative fans*
What GPU do you have and how much VRAM? The game seems to eat VRAM at higher settings. I was having a ton of stuttering on my 4gb RX480 with high textures and dropping them to medium made a world of difference. 
I had to drop textures to medium of my 4gb RX480 because high textures was giving me a ton of stuttering. The game seems to be a pretty big VRAM hog at high settings. 
That was the most interesting part of the last episode 
Shield is great because the characters are actually written like adults instead of children in adult bodies. 
A part of me died when Felicity knocked her out. In a single punch no less!
Fucking Guggie ruined that word for me. Every time I see/hear it I get angry.
I'm to used to CW shows, where Yoyo would have yelled at him, stormed out like a 5 year old, and there would have been several episodes of drama between them. I'm glad these writers actually write the characters to be adults.
I just finished that Mia tape as well... holy shit I never want to see that woman again in my life but I know I will. 
Full game seems to run slightly worse just because of the larger environments, but it's pretty comparable it seems. 
Normally I hate horror games because of jump scares but this game seems to have nailed it. There haven't been any scares that I felt were cheap/came out of nowhere. The scariness comes much more from the atmosphere than from things popping out of nowhere. 
I feel you on Overwatch. As a mostly solo player, I wish the game had solo que. I just get annoyed when I go into competitive and each team has a 3-4 stack on it and I just have to pray the one on my team is better. 
Boss fights where the way to beat them isn't obvious is one of my biggest annoyances in gaming. It's not fun dying repeatedly while looking for the obscure way of how you're supposed to get past it. 
The TV reporters have become a meme on /r/residentevil
Yep got it an hour or two ago
Did you watch GBM in NA? You don't want that.
Ordered at about the same time, also haven't received a key yet.
It's frustrating watching TSM get away with shit play because the opponents seem to frequently throw. 
He's only playing because LirA has visa issues. 
Keith has been trash for over a year, it's not just this week
I've never felt as hyped as I was during that gauntlet run. I've also never felt so close to having a heart attack. The reverse sweeps...
My hero
Is there a digital version of this picture somewhere? Would make a great phone wallpaper.
At least he was useful for a while before he threw.
To think there was once a time that some of us wanted him to permanently replace Piglet. Thank god that didn't happen...  
He's been there for a year, wouldn't count on it changing by next week.
I think LOD Smoothie would be better than WT Bio
Would be a perfect phone wallpaper if not for the gigantic watermark in the middle...
> Post-Hai C9 wasn't known for their macro play, but they were doing much better than TSM at it this match

The original post-Hai C9 had to bring him back to avoid relegations.
>in 2 years


What, you don't think a champion deserves a kill for putting their pointer on the support and pressing R? It's hard work!
Also interested in this, specifically in the mobile version. I really don't want to have to go through unlocking everything again...
I love NL but I can't watch his perspective on Factorio. I've never even played the game...
I think right now it's because we've run out of anything positive to talk about in the long break. Arrow isn't some deep show that can keep use talking and theorizing for months on end. 

I do agree that the hordes of people who stopped watching but force their opinions into every conversation are annoying as hell though. 
You can remove the /s, he will definitely be blown away.

Just not in a positive way...
College student here, but yes. I get most of my work done during the week which just leads to a ton of free time on the weekends, and a ton of free time leads to boredom snacking.
You apparently spent more time thinking of a logical 2nd half of the season than the writers did.
Stuck his dick in the timeline again
What lock?
I love watching people who are staring at screen savers smashing their faces on the keyboard and sending explosive signals to light bulbs. It's truly 10/10 television.
To me the darkness has been locked up for centuries.
> do you think they ended the freaking mid-season finale with Black Siren's return only to sideline her as a villain of the week?

I didn't think they would kill off the Black Canary because they didn't do any sort of planning for the grave, nor did did I think Felicity would save the day by sending 15,000 nukes into space. But yet, here we are...
A few people complaining != the sub being full of people complaining, which is what your comment said. 
Edmund tweeted a few days ago that nothing has ever been censored on any version of Isaac.

https://twitter.com/edmundmcmillen/status/819566298271072256
Bullshit, anyone in /r/overwatch who was mad about it got downvoted. 
Paid online was one of the reasons I dropped consoles and switched to PC. $60 per year adds up quick.
[Literally just a picture of JulieChenLover6969](http://imgur.com/a/jrhQo)
Yep, ever since the Oasis update. Played on 2 different ISPs in the past week and both have the problem.
I wish there was a demo/trial, I want to buy it but $15 is a steep price without knowing if I'll be able to stand the controls...
Yes, good to know it's not just me. It's really annoying, I don't know why it's happening.
I'm having the same problem. It began with the Oasis update about a week ago. Every other game/application is fine, but for some reason my ping on Overwatch is 300+ when it used to be around 40. I don't understand what the problem is, but it's really frustrating. I've been on 2 different connections from 2 different ISPs in the past week, so I know it's not an ISP problem. I don't know what to do about it.
Hey did you ever find the solution? I have the exact same issue. Ping is fine on everything else but Overwatch has been unplayable since Oasis...
I've tried it on 2 different internet connections now and both have 200+ ping when I used to have 30. Has anyone figured out what's wrong yet?
Witcher 3 is a great game, but there's no way I'm watching NL play it after playing it through myself. It's so long. I was hoping he would end up picking Doom, a much shorter and more action packed game that IMO would be more enjoyable to watch. 
We're all on Reddit because fuck being outside right now
Southern Minnesotan here, you correctly summarized 70% of the population.
Are you cousins?
Be warned that season 4 is hot garbage.
The most fun thing to do in Isaac is IMO get a run with a ton of damage. You know what Hush doesn't give a fuck about? You having a ton of damage. He runs directly counter to what items are the most fun in Isaac, which is why most of the time I don't even bother fighting him, especially since the void isn't particularly interesting after being there a few times. I'd much rather just cruise to the chest and make myself even more OP than deal with tedious boss fights that seemingly take years to get through. 
> Dont have AB+ yet

Oh boy are you gonna have a fun time with the new bosses...
The extra bans don't come until later in the draft, so they can still early pick a mid lane champ if some team attempts to ban them out.
The RX480 came out before the 1060

Edit: Also the 470 before the 1050
Wow you called it. "Balance changes" with no information on what the hell that means. Because who would ever want to know the part of the patch that most affects us right?

Why would that be illegal? Companies cancel orders due to pricing errors all the time.

I like cheap things as much as the next person, but let's be real here. Nobody should order an item that obviously has a pricing error and get mad when it gets canceled.
Since I've lost weight I've spent way less on junk food and had a lot more leftovers. Seems like a win to me.
He's written however the plot needs him to be written unfortunately.
Is there any way to get through this room without taking damage without having an insanely op run? I've run into this room twice and both times took at least several hearts worth of damage. Just remove this room please. 
The issue is it's hard to get those 5-6 shots in when there's several of them in a room spitting out a new enemy every second. 
Personally I like walking into an item room only to have a random greed spawn one step in front of me SeemsGood
I got the champion Brownie in the same run as I had Curse of the Tower (I think that's what it's called? The item that spawns a shit ton of bombs every time you get hit) and holy shit it was a gigantic cluster fuck.
I would be okay with them if they had a longer break between each enemy spawned. As they are right now, even if you shoot straight at them 3/4 of the tears won't hit because they're just throwing out enemies so quickly. Also them instantly spawning haunts on the cathedral is just bullshit.
I'm 3 hours deep in this ocean man stream and I'm beginning to question my sanity....
Yep, getting 260 ms on NA but only 140 ms if I switch to EU...
My RX 480 that was much cheaper than the competing 1060 begs to differ. 
Inb4 /r/Sherlock becomes a Jessica Jones subreddit. 
Same, he cut out my organic comment 😒😡
To be fair, anyone who has played PT would be pretty freaked out in that hallway 
Is Sherlock organic?
It's a shame the Suicide Squad was killed off because of that shitshow of a movie.
The end of Seeing Red was IMO Arrow's best moment. It will never be that good again.
The leaked summary of the episode 
Doom isn't scary at all, nor is it intended to be. The enemies should all be more scared of you than you are of them :)
Who said a Metroid game has to be high budget? A Prime game probably does, to be fair, but AM2R was made by a single person in their free time and is pretty damn good.
Nintendo really frustrates me. I desperately want to see them succeed, because they make some really great games. However, it seems they do everything in their power to not succeed sometimes.
Paper Mario and Metroid are my 2 favorite Nintendo franchises. Let's just say I have not been a Nintendo fan recently...
Exactly, I wouldn't have a problem with Federation Force being made if there had recently been a good Metroid game. However, Nintendo has done basically nothing in the past 9 years to indicate they give a single shit about Metroid as a franchise, which is why people are frustrated when things like Other M and Federation Force are released. Nobody cares about Mario spinoffs because Nintendo is still making good quality, normal Mario games. They aren't making any normal Metroid games, which is why people are frustrated with Federation Force.
Exactly, ignoring a loved IP for many years only to then dump a spinoff no one asked for on fans is a recipe for disaster.
Meat Super Boy
I'd disqualify Titanfall 2 from Best Multiplayer on maps alone. The gameplay is amazing, but the maps really do nothing facilitate that amazing gameplay. I mean, the only map I would even consider above average isn't even a Titanfall 2 map, it's from the original! I could maybe see Titanfall 2 hanging with Overwatch if it had Titanfall 1 levels of map design, but in it's current state there's not a chance.

Also there's few things more frustrating than someone sliding around a corner in Titanfall 2 and one hittting me with melee. When did the game industry decide homing melees that one hit people from the front were acceptable? It was obnoxious in CoD and is just as obnoxious in Titanfall. I'd rather have close range duels be gunfights instead of whoever pushes the insta-win button faster.
It already exists, it's called /r/flashtv
Anyone who likes platformers and has a group of friends is doing themselves a disservice by not playing Ultimate Chicken Horse.
People are still in denial. Between the guy's track record and this trailer, it's basically all been confirmed at this point.
To me this guy has been locked up for centuries 
Nothing ruins a day more than waking up to the sound of an alarm. I always try my best to schedule all my classes in the afternoon whenever possible.
My advice is if you think it doesn't look interesting, then it probably won't be interesting. I thought it didn't really look like my kind of game but decided to try it anyway. I ended up refunding it. 
Or you could use a fork and avoid the mess all together 
What kind of magical napkins do you use that clean sticky fingers?
Are you going to miss Ultimate Chicken Horse as much as I am? :(
Seriously, why make a mess of your hands when you could just... not??
Isn't Rob the only one without a facecam?
To me this game has been canceled for centuries.

/r/flashtv memes aside, this looks really interesting. Shame that it ended up being canceled.
If the rest of the team is so bad that they can't pick up the slack from all ADC bans then that team doesn't deserve to win
Totally with you on the appearance thing. I used to just throw on a trashy shirt and sweats and call it a day, now I actually put some effort into my wardrobe. 
If you're only at episode 12 you probably haven't even seen the worst of it yet. 
It seems the plan is to dump Black Siren after the episode and have some rando be the new Black Canary instead. I think that's what we are not ok with. 
If you ignore the many Flash and Arrow episodes he has correctly spoiled, there's like no proof there. 
Some people are still in the denial stage of the grieving process it seems
I hope it gets updated to be able to control music outside of the iOS Music app. I listen to music exclusively on Spotify, and I like being able to control it on my watch. Other than that, it might be nice to have an option to have notifications just pop up to be read like on Pebble. I'll definitely be keeping an on the the Vector, it seems to be the most promising replacement for a Pebble. 
He probably doesn't tell people how he gets them because it would narrow down who he is. He has a good track record though, that's why people take him seriously 
http://imgur.com/gallery/H75tinm
Doesn't look like anything to me 
Dade-Monte Award FTFY
He was TSM's coach for most of spring split 
Same thing I did! One day I had that one frustrating game that pushed me over the edge and I'd had enough. Closed the game, never reopened it. I've had so much more time for other games now, no regrets about quitting. 
Arrow season 4 is one of the worst seasons of television ever made. If you think Felicity has been annoying in season 3, you haven't seen anything yet. The only reason you should ever watch that season is to laugh at how bad it is. It got so bad that the subreddit gave up and started discussing Daredevil instead. I would recommend just skipping to season 5, which so far has been a lot better. 
A year ago I may have agreed with you about The Waldo Moment being to absurd, but after the recent US election I don't think so anymore. Still the worst episode, but every Black Mirror episode took some aspect of reality and turned it up to an absurd level, and in that sense The Waldo Moment wasn't any different. 
Bringing her back only to taunt us, then have Fefe Binks prove she isn't even real. Sounds organic to me
You can't lock up the darkness 
The gaming equivalent of /r/arrow. Both had enough shit, and decided to take it all in good fun
What sub?
C9 had to sell one of the teams, they can't have more than 1 team in the LCS
You're correct, this is when Ragman temporarily left after Felicity told him the truth. 
I'll probably be moving to an Apple Watch when my Time bites the dust. Hopefully I can find one for <$200, that's pretty much the max I'm willing to spend on a watch.
We don't speak of that episode.
Yeah he's like 3x her size. I think his arms are bigger than her body is.
Doesn't look like anything to me
In the same boat as you. I owned an Original Pebble, went to an Asus Zenwatch 2 for a few months, and then got a Pebble Time. The always on, easily readable screen along with the physical buttons made it by far the best smartwatch. When my Time eventually stops working, I'm going to be at a loss for what to do. I don't want to give up on smartwatches, I really like wearing them. But Pebble was just so much better at doing what I wanted it to do than any other out there...
Pebble Time 2 isn't even being produced so you're probably not getting one of those for Christmas. If you're talking about Pebble 2, there's no longer any warranty or app updates, meaning someday ( could be tomorrow, could be a year, nobody knows) an OS update will break it.
Depends on how long it is until a iOS/Android update breaks the app unfortunately. Could be tomorrow, could be a year from now. Nobody knows.
I was 50/50 on the camera panning to Brett Dalton in the last scene.
These violent delights have violent ends
These violent delights have violent ends
Ford's plan worked
Westworld
Wouldn't they be import capped with Ignar and Kakao?
I was watching an Infinite Warfare video today and was getting irrationally angry at the player for not jumping on the wall at every opportunity. I don't know how I'll ever be able to play a different shooter again... The movement is just to ingrained now.
It wasn't my favorite, but it had my favorite story and music in a Mario game. I could listen to [Dimentio's Theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjndpVE-2pY&list=PLhHcMbVmbwCdYgDcW5-Ai5lXAqPAWihPc&index=30) for hours.
Wow I finally found someone who likes the original better than TTYD. I've felt so alone all of these years.
Akaadian > Inori?

This is terrible advice. Weight control is 95% what you eat, you can't outrun a bad diet. Exercise has many health benefits, but for weight control it is a supplement to a good diet, not a replacement for one.
I think replacing Felicity with Shado would have made more sense.
Same here. Barry Oliver and Kara just talking for a few minutes at the end was better than any fight scene they did. We've seen plenty of fight scenes before and they aren't THAT different during crossovers, but how often to we see Kara interacting with Oliver?
Doesn't look like anything to me
What drawing?
The fact that Slade didn't 1v5 that final fight is a pretty good indicator that this wasn't meant to be Mirakuru Slade. 
She's had more training than Oliver, and Oliver was able to beat Slade post-mirakuru
Amazon emailed me the code either day of or the day after delivery. 
Oh my god I've been PC gaming for almost 2 years and never knew about this. Turned it off and can already feel my aim is a little better. Mouse feels weird on the desktop but I'll get used to it
The first doesn't even have a campaign so you're not missing out on anything by jumping straight into the second one.
Foolish guac bowl merchant 
What games use over 6gb that wouldn't hit the ceiling on the 480's performance before it hit the vram limit?
Absolutely. The more you weigh the more calories your body burns in a day.
I never took any progress pictures (mistake) but yesterday I came across a picture of myself from a year ago and my jaw hit the floor. How did I let that happen? How was I okay with looking like that for years?
What speedforce?
I've stopped going to /r/westworld. I'm honestly not perceptive enough to have been able to see that coming on my own, nor would I have been able to see any of the predictions for the future. I've decided I'm better off just staying blind, people there find details so small that it sometimes feels like I'm reading a spoiler. 
See: /r/westworld 
Yeah rebooting my phone fixed it. Damn you Apple.
Anyone else having problems installing this? I've tried 4 times and every time I've gotten an update failed message at some point during the installation. iOS 10 on 6s
This is my thought on Battlefield games. Why buy for full price now when I can get the premium edition for $30 in a year or two? On the other hand I just bought titanfall 2 because I know I'm not going to have to pay more for DLC eventually. 
So I ordered this on Saturday, anyone know how I would go about getting Civ 6?
Same thing happens to me in the scenarios. Money is slowly coming in for a while, then suddenly next thing I know I'm making more money than I know what to do with. I agree that tuning to to increase cash flow early and decrease it later would be a good improvement.
What insect?
If I remember from last year there weren't really any good GPU deals during Black Friday/Cyber Monday. I'm thinking of picking this up and just not opening it for a little bit in case a better deal pops up.
Eat a dick
I didn't like how drama focused it got after the Blood Gulch Chronicles, but those first 5 seasons were amazing.
\#IsItEvenDoable
I'm watching through the Ultimate Chicken Horse videos right now (for some reason I didn't even bother to see what the game was when he started putting out the videos) and it is some of the most hilarious content on YouTube. I've started using the term "Protest X" in my daily life because of it.
He plays so many games that there's gotta be something there for everyone.
I haven't been this invested in a multiplayer game since Halo 3. Still playing it every day. 
We had an election where the candidates used campaign strategies completely based around getting electoral college votes, NOT the popular vote. You can tell yourself you know who would have won, but unless you can visit some alternate timeline where elections are decided by popular vote, you actually don't know who would have won in that situation. I personally believe elections should be decided by the popular vote, but I can't say for certain that Hillary would have still won if elections were decided that way, and neither can anyone else.
What ~~door~~ season?
More people need to read this. I'm not a Trump supporter, but both candidates knew how the EC worked and planned their entire campaign strategies around it. Stating that Hillary should have won is misleading, nobody knows what would have happened in a world where popular vote decides the president. The candidates would have had different campaign strategies, people in deep red/blue states who didn't bother to vote may have done so, any number of other things could have turned out differently.
Crash 2 was the first video game I ever played. Still my favorite.
On any other character I wouldn't like it, but it's basically a running joke for Ward to show up so I need it happen 
E tu booty
If there is any justice in this world this is the nickname that will catch on
The writer's spent the past year shitting on canon
Flash has been my least favorite of the DCW shows this season
They need to do something with a big bad other than making them a speedster. I can only go through so many seasons of the solution being run faster before I stop caring. Also the fact that 3/4 episodes are baddie of the week is really getting old.
I'd buy blocks of cheese and eat so much at once. It blew my mind just how many calories were in cheese. 
The hacking with the Smoak's episode from the last season killed so many of my brain cells. Like is there not a single writer who understand even BASIC IT concepts?? Even in this season it's still garbage. "The secondary processor is overclocking the GPU cache". They just throw random computer terms together and hope nobody notices. 
You can play with everyone. 
Even in a battle with another Roadhog I somehow manage to miss half of my shots. It's honestly embarrassing.
> I also find it cripplingly difficult to just pick a game to play now. To the point where I just don't play anything. Apparently a common problem with humans that have a lot of choice.

Sometimes I open Steam and just get so overwhelmed that I close it and go watch Netflix of YouTube instead of gaming
Hooking people off of rooftops where I can't even see them makes me feel dirty. 
Doesn't Arrow usually take the Wednesday before thanksgiving off? 
Unclear 
How are we in 2016 and still have websites that have to completely reload every time you go to the next picture?
If it's Tommy, it would be because of Malcolm fucking with the lazarus pit. They're not going to use a different show to resurrect a major character.
The fact that it isn't manning face makes me very disappointed.
SCPD isn't exactly the most secure place. Hell, Oliver took evidence from SCPD several times during season 1. If Prometheus is at least as skilled as Oliver (which he seems to be) getting evidence from there is not a problem lol
While Counter Strike is obviously not realistic, saying that there is no complexity to it is just flat out wrong
I don't like CoD, but it and Counter Strike are basically nothing alike in terms of gameplay.
This is my strategy for Battlefield games. Wait a while until eventually the premium edition is on sale for $20. I get all the content for a low price, and enough time has passed that plenty of balance and bug fix patches have come through.
It's definitely been sometime recent. Not a fault of your card, just Nvidia fucking up drivers.
The graphical glitches are just an issue with drivers, I have them on the 750ti as well. 
Original COD4 on PC is so good that I don't think many people will be feeling the need to drop $80 on the remster.
It was better than Arrow until THAT moment in the middle of the season where it went downhill.
All Alchemy has done is create the weekly enemies. Currently I have absolutely no interest in the character, which is exactly the opposite to how I feel about Prometheus. 
Flash has been a major let down this season.
Sven is one of their best players, unless Jankos wants to join TSM it's hard to get a better English speaking jungler than Sven.
Holy shit that's been pissing me off, good to know what's causing it 
And because of Blank
Every time Kuro has run into Faker he gets wrecked. If ROX want to actually become the best team in the world, Kuro needs to be replaced by someone who can at least stand up to Faker.
I think getting Crown on Viktor should have been a priority over Olaf
The season 4 finale (and the rest of the season) was so bad that it became a Daredevil subreddit in protest, because Daredevil was everything Arrow wished it could be.
thundrfang, C'mon.

No Man's Sky isn't even organic.
Barry stuck his dick in the timeline again 
As someone not familiar with comics the only thing it seems like he does is give people their flashpoint powers? Really doesn't seem that interesting so far
I think a Tommy arrow would have actually been more interesting. I think a note from Tommy would have meant more to Oliver than a note from Robert. 
Yeah I want to hate Felicity because of season 4, but she hasn't really done anything bad this season
People only remember it as good because it was better than the shit show at the end of season 3. It was never really good 
So ragman is a fridge? What subreddit am I on again? Damn you Barry...
Even if I'm taking a cheat day, there are still some things I can't justify. Donut holes are one of those things 
Shades was the smartest damn person on that show
Thank god it's not just me. Had to reboot my Pebble every few days because Bluetooth would just randomly die. I wish there was a way for Pebble to notify you when there is no longer a connection.
Unclear
Posting anything negative on this subreddit about Diamond will result in downvotes despite the fact the only relevance he's had in a year has been beating a few relegation tier EU teams. Everyone wants Diamond to join a good team even though he has been an average at best player for several years now. I know he can't play in EU because of visas, but if he was still as good as everyone seems to think you'd have to wonder why no NA team has picked him up.
Diamond failed just as hard in challenger as Santorin has
You're so corny
"So we've made a protagonist who is interesting because he can't be hurt the same way as most people. What should we do with this?"

"Hurt him the same way as normal people"

What the hell were they thinking with the magic bullets
Considering Blank was 0-2 this series while Bengi was 3-0... I don't think it could have been done with another jungler. But Thorin only seems to accept players that are carries so I expect to see him shitting on Bengi again soon.
I have been so disappointed in Flash this season, I would rate it as the worst of the 4 shows without a second thought. They could not have fucked up flashpoint harder if they tried too.
It used to be, now it's @StephenAmell
Maybe Deadshot has actually been Diggle's alternate personality the entire time?


Shit wrong show
Unclear
There is but one rule- hunt, or be hunted. 
I think I can count on one hand the number of Hillary signs I've seen
"There is but one rule- hunt, or be hunted. Welcome back." It's been years and I still remember that entire monologue by heart. One of the best scenes I've ever seen. 
The show really dropped in quality after that, he was a much better villain than diamondback. 
If only Riot had gotten more than one Korean expert 
KT looks at the non-Korean teams and sobs
Petition to rename the Dade award to Clearlove award, he's underperformed at more worlds than Dade has.
I'm all for them making his hook harder to hit as long as it actually works correctly when you do land it.
My favorite is hooking someone at close range for the CC, but the hook actually puts them farther away from you than they were initially.
Same experience here, Zen is the only support hero who I can say gets one shotted more than 60% of the time
Every time I hook a Lucio who manages to not get one shot and pushes me away and heals back up I tilt a little bit more
Alright I'm never skipping a workout again...
die

die

die

die <---- This one

die <---- This one
> if C9 could somehow get Xmithie from CLG

Stop I can only get so erect
https://i.imgur.com/bUNXwFD.jpg
College student here, could not live without Lean Cuisine. 
> digging


The opening of season 4 was only considered good because it was better than the shitshow at the end of season 3. Even when it was airing I never considered it more than okay at best.
Forward, always. 
I've never gone limp as fast as I did when the Talon hover switched to Ziggs
H2K is the only first seed team I could see them beating, and even that's unlikely if H2K play like they did in second week of groups.
Surely after getting smashed by RNG twice, TSM could have miraculously pulled it together for a third game. Tie breaker rule has existed for years, but it's never been complained about until now. I wonder why...
It felt good to meme about EU for a week before we got brought back to reality...
Hillary couldn't even dream of being the organic and great and strong and powerful woman that Queen Fefe is
> only champ he wouldn't feed on

Idk about that... he still fed pretty hard.
Let's just say if you took a shot every time Huhi was out of position, you would no longer be sober.
Hell yeah
A comment that's not shitting on people who enjoyed a single episode of Arrow? Am I still in /r/arrow?
Swear jar
Forward
http://i.imgur.com/VDxWcex.jpg
I think it's ok to be skeptical considering how the past 2 seasons went, but we were also just given a really promising start to the season. If I wasn't willing to at least give the show a chance, I wouldn't be here. I don't understand the people who come here and don't even watch the episode and then shit on people who liked it. I'm all for shitposting if the show goes back to shit, but as long as it's good I think people just need to chill out and enjoy it. After all, we're all here because at one or another we enjoyed Arrow.
Unclear.
It was good until the big event in the middle of the season, after that it went downhill.
I wanted to hate Felicity this episode, but she was actually right. Not used to hearing her say something and not immediately get pissed off.
I didn't think I'd be living in a world where Flashpoint (if you even want to call that disgrace flashpoint) was worse than the season premiere of Arrow.
The early S4 episodes were only good in the context of how bad the end of S3 was. This episode seemed much better than anything we've been given in the past 1.5 seasons.
He's already wearing black, just need to take away the filter
He was in the season 2 flashbacks
>Please don't let me be the last canary

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Not just 1v1, he also lost 3v1 with Diggle and Thea...
They would get a total of 5 views 
I used to eat Oreos almost an entire row at a time (I wonder how I ended up with so much weight?). Now I don't have any interest at all in eating garbage like that anymore. Just not worth the calories. If I'm spending a bunch of my calories on junk food, it had better be something damn tasty, which most store bought junk isn't.
> he has to actually lane for a few levels

Huhi disagrees
H2K has had the whole year to get something together, I wouldn't count on it happening this week. 
Sounds organic to me 
I think it's going be another ROX vs SKT finals assuming they don't meet in the semis/RNG goes off.
I mean no matter how "out of their mind" a western team plays they still get destroyed by Koreans. Ex: FNC vs KOO 
C9 literally 4v5 for 60 minutes while Flash Wolves seem to have Wood 5 knowledge of how to close games. I want these 70 minutes of my life back.
> worst jungle play from Meteos

Worst jungle play implies there was any jungle play at all
I hope C9 puts Contractz on the main team before they sell the challenger team.
Still better than the Lee Sin play I just witnessed.
Duke
For a price
It's coming true
Swap the Ryze for Azir if you really want to be accurate
Huh, TIL. I always figured it was because they estimated that a certain % of the kernels would end up not being popped.
That's why you pop out twitch chat and put it over YouTube chat. Best of both worlds 
I know, since the characters were so similar it felt like I was watching Sugar die :(
If you want more of him, watch Banshee. He plays basically the exact same character there.
It's a meme
They need to take a page out of Agents of Shield's book and do 2 main plot lines each season instead of just one.
They're giving me hope... just so they can take it away
When I go to quick reply it always shows a random old message, along with the indication that the other person is typing something even when they are not. A reboot fixes it for an hour tops before it goes back to being a buggy mess. 
You can eat one too. Sincerely, everyone.
Only Twilight? That's not even organic
Literally all the have to do it tweet something like "we have all been very busy recently, it will be done when it's done". Something other than complete radio silence. 
Came here because of the same thing, being told a Monday delivery even though it should arrive Friday at the latest. If I have to wait almost a full week Prime starts to become a little pointless.
Suboptimal charge time 
As long as he's playing basketball.

There are some really awful comments here. People need to watch the video and discuss the content instead of shitting on Monte just because he's Monte. 
I didn't care about stickers at all until my friend told me there were Twitch.tv emote stickers, which I proceeded to immediately buy. SeemsGood
My mouse is neither wireless nor Logitech
Why would Apple change something that was working just fine? Makes no sense...
Hell yeah
Or buffer slow so that the 60 second ad break actually takes 120 seconds 

*glares at USA streaming*
He didn't, Reapered's twitter is just the one they used to leak the info.
Exactly, told my parents because I didn't want them to be offended when I wasn't stuffing myself at dinner/desert, other than that I just keep it to myself unless someone notices.
Understandable, it's probably better that way. If you lose more than MFP tells you, then you are pleasantly surprised. Better than to far the other direction.
She was our silent guardian, a watchful protector... the black canary 
They didn't fix any of them when making a remaster, wouldn't hold my breath for any fixes in the future. 
So they somehow managed to fuck up controller input too? Great remaster 
Did nobody in the QA department even try playing this with a mouse? 
$$$$
Nope they didn't fix shit from the original
Wait, they didn't fix that??
I was looking forward to the remaster because I figured it was an obvious conclusion that all this shit would be fixed... what the fuck. 
Lowering the sensitivity to 1 makes navigating hacking and menus almost impossible because the menu sensitivity is tied to aiming sensitivity for some asinine reason. 
What bothered me in the original and hasn't been changed in the remaster is the mouse sensitivity options. There's only 1-10, and even 1 is waaay more sensitive than I would like it to be, forcing me to drop the dpi on my mouse. I then have to turn it up whenever I do any hacking because that single sensitivity option also controls the sensitivity in menus. I'm on PC, give me some actual sensitivity options and do what every other game does and use your desktop sensitivity when in menus. 
> I really kept watching it cause of Felicity, woman is gorgeous and the character is written so great.

Man, how quickly things can change...
Now that you mention it... I want to do one as well. I have painful memories of having to try to do them in middle school and every time I would just hang there. I've never been able to do one in my entire life.
All the money is the world is worthless if you don't have time to enjoy the benefits
You can't lock up the particle accelerator 
> but overall everything has gotten better

There is not a single thing that has gotten better


If weight loss pills actually existed, nobody would be fat. When I lost weight I never even considered them, figured it was a pretty obvious scam. 
> but I am on Season 2

There's the reason
Needs more green haze
It just kind of spins its wheels until it reaches the Winter Soldier tie-in, where it then becomes an almost completely different show.
What they do really well that the CW shows could learn from is they essentially make each season 2 seasons plot wise, which makes it so even though seasons are long there are almost no filler episodes. Filler episodes make up 75% of the CW shows at the moment, which is where shield really blows them out of the water.
I don't know how you define low expectations, but they're definitely not low enough
Barrowman's character is actually really good in the first season, but eventually just gets butchered beyond all hell in 3 and 4, just like the rest of the show.
Dear asshole, you can eat one too
Don't insult drunk monkeys, they could write better than the current writers.
Once you get through the first half of the first season, Shield is nonstop lit as fuck. Best superhero show that's not a Netflix original.
> isn't that relevant in the map outside of giving a lot of vision to his team

Have you ever watched a single game of Jankos? He is one of the most proactive junglers in the west...
At this point my first name is legible just because it is short and easy, but my last name is just a sloppily written first letter followed by some loops and squiggles.
> Meteos is way better than Jankos

Ok I'm a C9 fan but this is absolutely not true
S3 and S4 both had a Chinese team in the finals. Just because China shit the bed last year doesn't mean they should be slept on.
The mental gymnastics some people are going through to defend this is blowing my mind. We lost a CHOICE and gained nothing in return. Lightning headphones and bluetooth both work fine on my 6S if I choose to use them.
I'm pretty sure no MacBooks have lightning, so if you want to use lightning headphones with them you gotta purchase yet another adapter
Exactly, Wacom existed for many years before Apple got into the stylus game
for a price
I assume the cache gets cleared when there's an update 
Until you plug them into your laptop later and then leave, forgetting the adapter. Guess you're just fucked then
They tried that in the semis series against C9, Impact ended up just wasting most of his time. 
FUCK
[Gotchu fam](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/AjFCS0WxJO4/maxresdefault.jpg)
You can't lock up /r/flashtv
Love me some /r/leagueoflegends, but he really should have considered investing his memes there instead of other dying subreddits.
I'm sure any team good enough to get to worlds is good enough to look at C9 playoffs and see who their star player is.
It's bad but not to the point that it's so bad that it's fun.
Finish season 2, then run in the opposite direction and never look back 
He was doing fine vs CLG, hell everyone was yelling at CLG to ban Vlad. 
Why did you say that name??
If there was even a 1% chance that they wouldn't go to worlds, they should have taken it as an absolute certainty. 
Just because Yellowstar is hot garbage this season, don't rewrite history. Everyone on Fnatic pulled their weight last year. 
Wait, that's still not out? I thought it was supposed to come out back in like March
This is the second year is a row TL has had no idea what to do with a lead. They should focus on getting a shot caller who knows what they're doing for next year. 
I actually got it to work, edited solution into OP for anyone who stumbles across this is the future 
"Windows cannot be installed on this disk. The selected disk is of the GPT partition style"

I am installing Windows 8.1, and yes I meant I hit format, but am not allowed to hit next.
Exactly, if I don't know the number they'd better leave a voicemail/text or I am going to ignore it 100% of the time.
You're to soon!
This is Thorin, not Harambe. Put that away. 
To me the memes have been locked in for centuries. 
Sea of Monsters, Green Lantern, Arrow Season 4... This guy has the best resume ever
God forbid you watch a video of a mature rated game and you hear some swearing
Impact has played GP and Fiora before. Hell, he has a skin for a carry champion. Impact can definitely carry if needed, one of TiPs main strategies was Rush camping for Impact and he would carry.
This Saturday, Sunday, and Monday
Hopefully this means C9 can dedicate 90% of their prep to Immortals. Though it will be even more painful if they go full Clown 9 and lose to Liquid or NV now.
If Fenix retires getting Pob in his place would open up an import slot 
Maybe you should figure out how Lucio actually works before going on an angry rampage
Never had more fun with a single player shooter. Paid $30, is worth $60. 
Rush tilted off the face of the Earth last split when they played TSM in the quarters.
Pros and cons list of Batman vs Superman

Pros: Batfleck

Cons: Everything else
It's no different than having to position so Mercy doesn't have to fly into danger to heal you
It's always the Genji in the middle of the enemy team flaming you for not being able to heal him when he's jumping and dashing in every direction.
3x Frag on Shipment...
The Omega fights were the low point of the game for me. Not fun, the attacks sometimes felt impossible to avoid and the weak point a gigantic pain in the ass to hit without running up and just tanking some damage. 
Doubt he's on some super secret diet. As long as calories in are less than calories out, weight loss will happen. Probably just tracking the calories he's eating along with some time at the gym. 
Dom?
> or playing competitive

Uhhh... yeah actually there is something stopping me form playing that
> Pebble Time is more than meeting my "needs".

Same here, I can't think of anything the Apple Watch does that I care about that my Pebble Time doesn't already do to perfection. I've always thought the Apple Watch was overpriced for what it does, especially when you factor in the absolutely ludicrous cost of new bands. 
Exactly, serious mode or not, getting smashed because your team comp is garbage isn't fun. 
That's what I do when we have 2 widows and a hanzo. Fuck it, if they're not willing to play a decent team comp then why should I?
> Another big thing for me is that its impossible for me to miss my pebble vibrate

Also no more phantom vibrations in your pocket. Before I had a Pebble there would be several times a day that I would swear I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket only to pull it out and find out I was imagining things.
Exactly, Pebble is (IMO) the best smartwatch because it doesn't try to be a phone replacement like so many others do. They took a few features (notifications, music control, basic fitness and sleep tracking) and perfected them, instead of trying to cram a million features into it.
The first Galaxy Gear (before Android Wear was a thing) had a camera on the wrist strap. I imagine it got removed from future generations because it made changing straps impossible and was really only useful for creep shots.
I never understood the point of smartwatches until I picked up an OG Pebble on a whim. I've since gotten a Pebble Time and I can't imagine living without one. It's so nice to just put the phone on silent and just never have to worry about it, and the music control is so convenient, especially in the car.
>I didn't even remember his heart condition 

To be fair, I don't think the writers do either 
I know, I wish it had been Season 3/4... would have made the joke 10x better.
Everyone else was playing 2D checkers, Reginald was playing 37D Starcraft 2
They're basically completely gone now and I (as a normal spectator, who no longer even plays the game) could not be happier that they are gone. It got to the point where as soon as I saw a laneswap I would pause the stream and go do something else for the next 10-20 minutes, maybe not returning at all. It's been much more interesting now, lanes are fighting and sometimes killing each other, junglers actually gank instead of just farming and grouping at turrets. I don't like Riot, but this is one area where I agree with the change 100%, I don't even care that it was done right before playoffs.
I bet Kobe and Riv just shooting the shit during pauses would be 10x more interesting than being sent back to the analyst desk. 
Seeing CLG go to worlds in this state over C9 or Immortals would be a travesty. 
I doubt Monte and Riot are on the best of terms, we probably won't be seeing him at worlds. Hopefully at least DoA and Papasmithy get invited. 
I remember him playing Maokai a few times early on in Fnatic. I think it was pretty lackluster. 
Assuming TSM wins the split, I'm pretty sure CLG are through on points no matter what, leaving us to see this C9 vs IMT matchup again in the gauntlet finals (I predict)
You can't lock up the booty
Zelda fans would be complaining about tri-force heroes if they hadn't been given a decent game in 10 years 
For every game POE has carried this year he's been dead weight for 5. People were shitting on him all year, I have no idea why he's suddenly being rated highly again. 
Expected to get to the end and see a Loch Ness monster joke 
Against NV, Smoothie is their sole support player now
Same here, checked my university's feed and it only has several posts per hour now, it used to have several per MINUTE. What in the world were they thinking with this update??
What a Save!
Paper Mario and Metroid are my 2 favorite Nintendo series... Let's just say I am not a Nintendo fan at the moment. 
Seeing lost weight on the scale gives a better feeling than any food will
I'm with you on the one day your clothes were just to big thing. I was wearing XL shirts for months after I started losing weight, not noticing a difference in the fit, when one day I put it on and was just like "...I feel like I'm swimming in this right now". Same thing happened with pants, one day they were suddenly to big. 
I really disliked Iris in season 1, but somewhere along the way she turned into one of the most rational characters on the show. 
Not with the main team. He played for Apex Pride, their challenger team. 
Eat a dick
Fnatic were donezo 
"Hmm Reddit is down... I wonder what Reddit is saying about this?"
A green suit seems hard to produce. Maybe just a green filter on instead?
Maybe kill off his well developed love interest just to be sure 
/r/the_donald was actually pretty funny for the first few months
^^for ^^a ^^price
I'd drop the full $60 in a heartbeat for a properly ported prime trilogy. I know you can emulate it, but it still feels more clunky than playing a shooter that's actually designed for PC. 
You can emulate Prime Trilogy and use the mouse as the wii remote pointer, but IMO it's more clunky than you would hope. 
Or LMQ 2 years ago...
This meme has a lot of potential^^TM
Getting there is 80% of the battle
Never used the g502, but I have owned the g402 since November and haven't found anything about it that I am not satisfied with. Depending how cheap you can find a g502 it may be worth the step up, but probably not worth more than $10-$15 extra.
Incarnation can go all game without even using his Assassin's ult. This Jensen guy on the other hand...
If someone like EA was doing what Blizzard is doing people would be tearing them apart. There's definitely some double standards on the internet.
Why did you say that name!?!?!
Can't, teams aren't allowed to buy their way back into the LCS for a split. 
He'd just have Felicity hack sound waves or some shit anyway 
So like 75% of the other season 4 episodes?
For a price 
Exactly, there's already nothing in Arrow that couldn't be solved by Barry during his lunch break. There's really no way to avoid it when the main character on one show is a normal human.
I'm pretty sure if you only own Bioshock 1, you will still get the updated version of that one.

>players who already own BioShock, BioShock 2 or Minerva's Den will be able to upgrade to the respective remastered editions free of charge
League subreddit is serious business. Having fun is against the rules. 
And Mexico is going to pay for it!
The Omega fights were so frustrating. Really hard to hit, have a ton of health, and god forbid you get trapped in a corner by one, which is hard to avoid because the ceilings in those rooms made it hard to jump over the Metroids.
They made Dahrk to powerful, because literally every time he encountered Oliver you had to ask "so... why doesn't he just kill him..?". I mean he killed a guy through a TV screen, there's really no reason he couldn't have killed Oliver like 10 times over the course of the season.
Banshee was secretly part of the MCU all along.
I was just about to head over to IMDB to figure where I knew him from.
If the phone is so thin that you need to remove features, then it's to fucking thin. The iPhone has been thin enough for generations now, this race to paper thin phone needs to stop. How would removing a headphone jack make the phone any more durable than it is right now? Other phones have managed to be waterproof just fine while keeping the headphone jack around. This change is motivated purely by corporate greed, Apple knows they can get away with it because people will still flock to the next iPhone. 
3/4 of the time when I'm trying to select text I'll drag it, let go, and then iOS will decide that I was wrong, and I actually intended to select ALL THE TEXT. Super frustrating. 
If you ever want to use a custom ring tone or something on iOS... God help you. On Android it's just a simple drag and drop. 
They could put it in settings instead of having pop ups like android, that way us power users can use it and less tech savvy people don't even have to think about it. As far as I can see there's really no reason not to do this, but I don't think there's any reason to take away the headphone jack either so... Apple logic I guess. 
I never knew about this. Turned it down a notch and it looks much less bloated, at least settings and messages do. 
A few fans made this game and it's great, I don't think it would be super time consuming for Nintendo to make a new 2D Metroid. I guess they'd rather invest that time and money into Federation Force, because that's exactly what Metroid fans really want. I'm trying to find a good reason for Nintendo to be making Federation Force, I really am, but I'm just not seeing reason here. Thankfully Metroidvanias are alive and kicking in the indie scene, so if Nintendo doesn't want to make good Metroid games anymore we'll just go elsewhere.
Maybe they'd sell more if they looked at the games people liked and made more like that instead of trying to completely change it up and then giving up on the IP when it doesn't work.
That turns good shows... Arrow.
Riot's code
Usually I plug my phone into my desktop if I want to put something on it, but one time I had something on my laptop to put on it. Nope, would have to wipe it all if I wanted to sync it. Just.. why? One big advantage of Android is you can plug it in wherever and do whatever you want, where iPhones force you to fuck around with iTunes. My sister once asked me to put some ringtones on her iPhone for her, and holy shit I never knew something that should be so simple was so stupidly complicated.
The only reason I upgraded from a 5S to a 6S is I wanted the larger screen. If the 5S had a 4.7 inch screen, I would probably still be using it today. I feel like every iPhone has been pretty iterative for a while now, especially if the iPhone 7 rumors turn out to be true. 
Santorin is grandfathered in, because he was playing on Coast before the rule was made. That's how he's able to play on a team with GBM and Ohq right now. 
That would be logical, but since it's Nintendo logic has to go out the window.
Has he won lane once this entire year? I mean he was losing to Hai every game yesterday...
Pro-miss-Q strikes again
I've got you in my sights 
Emulation for those games is basically flawless
Metroid 2 was actually the only 2D Metroid that I've never played, so I don't know how this compares to it. However, I am having an absolute blast so far with this, it almost feels like an official game from Nintendo. It's a shame they've basically abandoned the series, but this at least somewhat fills the void.
It's a shame they're remembered for Kabum instead of the perfect game against NWS, that was such an impressive game to watch.
It took until the third try of replacing Hai on the main squad until it worked out for them, and I'd wager they have better players than C9C. 
The non stop roams, the aggressive shot calls. I know Jensen is better, but I still miss Hai's aggression. 
I doubt Hai is playing though, and I'm concerned about what the team will look like without his shot calling. 
That has nothing to do with consistently being down CS to semi retired mid laner who is out roaming him, or his getting caught out frequently. Let's be real here, if any NA mid laner was playing like GBM is right now, nobody would be defending them or saying they are in elo hell. Him being a good Korean mid laner last season has no bearing on how his play this season should be judged.
People were so quick to hop on the Korean hype train without even watching a single Jin Air game. GBM was never a good laner and there was never a chance that Bjerg would get wrecked by him.
Have you seen GBM play this season? He's not stuck in elo hell, he IS the elo hell.
With the way GBM is playing midlane is going to be a hilarious mismatch. I mean he's losing every lane to Hai who "retired" then mained fill for a year.
You can eat one too
I mean, the past 2 years for him have been carry or lose
Win 2 games to give fans false hope
They can still get knocked out
Exactly, the only summer skin I want is the McCree one, and if I could buy that specific skin like I could in League of Legends I totally would do it. However, there's no way I'm spending real life money to play the RNG lottery and hope I get what I want.
I'm level 85 for the first time, and I'm currently saving up for a Roadhog skin and after that I'll pretty much have everything that I want. The fact that almost all of the legendary skins suck is pretty helpful.
I tried that in the one game I played and nobody understood the reference :(
I've always wondered the same thing. As soon as there's enough to make them shrink it means I have to many and need to close them. How do people even manage that many tabs? What are they even doing?
I think part of it is seeing yourself in the mirror every day makes the changes so subtle that you don't even notice them
I've stopped eating any junk that isn't something I would consider amazing. If it's only ok, then I may as well just be eating something healthy instead.
Maybe reduce it with every swing. It's annoying watching the killcam and just seeing an ulting Genji flailing around randomly and just happening to hit you.