I was a little interested in cricket earlier.. most of it was because of my brother and father.  
I actually really got into T20 in the initial years during my college days, with full local team support and everything. Went to matches and screenings and stuff, even bought merchandise.  

After a few auctions when favourite players got transferred, I realised how pointless it is to follow it any more. It could just be random groups of players playing with each other. So I completely crashed out of IPL.. I don't even know which teams all the major players play for right now.. Hell, I am sure I can't even name all the teams now. Along with that, I stopped watching cricket completely.  

The last full match I watched was the world cup final in 2013. 
I keep hearing about people being hounded for aadhar, but honestly, Vodafone never bothered me too much about it (not even a lot of SMS). 
> according to air quality data compiled by the World Health Organisation (WHO) for megacities with a population of 14 million or more


Sounds like you live in Andheri.  
Every Mumbaiite likes to think she/he lives inside the city. 
The guys who are really affected are those who attended CS in the hopes of getting an easy job and good pay. Anyone who is really interested in programming and wants to learn, or is at least willing to work hard can do well (and I don't mean slogging away in their large IT company jobs.. I mean working hard to learn and upskill themselves).   

Don't ignore what you learn in college. While its not practically used everyday in software engineering job, it actually gives a strong foundation to understand some advanced concepts which comes into play (again, not all of these will come into play in very standard large IT company jobs). Stuff like algorithms, data structures, object oriented programming concepts, operating systems, all the languages you learn.. all are very important.  

Apart from this, keep learning programming. Pick up 1 or 2 popular languages like Python, and start your own project. If possible, start an open source project or join one. Find a project looking for contributors and start contributing. You will learn a lot more than programming if you join a good open source project (like basics of project management, code reviews, coordination, etc).   

Another really good experience would be to join a nice GSOC (google summer of code) open source project in your third year or something. 
They're not going after the people who used cheats. That would be ridiculous. They're going after people who made a lot of illegal income by selling cheating software. 
What a country. Hugging inside metro leads to thrashing. Hugna on the train tracks is perfectly normal. 
How about politicians (and people by extension) actually try to make India a better place to live without squabbling about religion and dirty politics?
Why can't you help it? Why don't you switch jobs?
Unpopular opinion, but "being the change" is a loosing battle in India. I am not saying we should give up and start living like animals. For our own morality and conscience, it's worth trying to be a better person and citizen. But don't have high hopes of things changing around you any time in the forseable future. 
There seems to be a lot of shills for Digibank on randia. At the end of the day, you have to realise that its a mobile only bank. If you run into any complex issue, you don't even have a local branch where you can meet with a human and talk to them face to face. If you are offline for some reason, you are screwed.  

For me, personally, that's too much of a risk for my money. Maybe, if I wanted to different account for just day to day expenses where I won't keep a lot of money, maybe then I might try using a service like this. 
 /u/_init1 /u/azemda 
I already have made a pretty long comment here, but the issue is that there is too many low level IT grads. How will unionising help if there are just too many fresh grads to undersell you? IT has been a race to the bottom in India when it comes to pay (and also quality) for the last 10 to 15 years.  
Why does everyone assume that its a fair world and everyone is paid according to the work they do?

Reality: We have too many low level IT engineers graduating from colleges, who have just enough skills to get into big IT companies with their onsite training programmes, but aren't good enough or don't have enough opportunities to get into better companies which pay more. Their career path is one of the following:  
 
* Learn more stuff, better technologies and practices, and get better, well paying jobs in product companies or some of the better startups (there are plenty of shitty startups too). 
* Do well in their jobs but stick to the same company, so they get promoted to SSE,TL, etc. 
* Do well and stay in their jobs waiting for H1B.  
* Realise IT is not for them so they start preparing for CAT/Bank entrance exams/go into business. 

Do the big IT companies care? Of course not. They are way too easily replaceable with a fresh batch of graduates! At the end of the day, there's always more people they can hire to cheap and train to do basic IT work. You can try asking for more, as OP suggested... chances are you will be shown the middle finger.. they will say the door is always open if you want to leave (unless you are really good, in which case, you will be promoted, moved onsite, or you will only change to better jobs, etc). 

This is the reason why IT fresher salaries have pretty much remained stagnant for like a decade, or maybe even slightly reduced.  

That's the real value of IT freshers in these companies. It doesn't matter how much work they do, they are very easily replaceable. 

 
Fair enough. Then you can specifically say India's railway system is the cheapest in the world for its size. 
Everything is expensive in Switzerland. It is ridicilously expensive even when you compare it to its neighbours. But some European countries do have good train networks which aren't expensive and give good service. Like I said, India is not objectively the best here. 
Only good answer here so far. 
Many countries in Europe have great rail networks. Cost is a little higher, even if you take the difference in income into account, but the service is also far better. I've heard great things about China's high speed rail too.  

Point being: there's no way India does passenger rail better than any other country in the world. 
I think we in India as a society still haven't got the point where women can work in any field on par with men. We have a very very long way to go here. 
Heh. I knew it was a scam from the moment I saw the listing, but I was so desperate that I played along and tried to negotiate a proper viewing anyway, in the off chance that it turned out to be real. Nope, he insisted on Airbnb payment first, saying Airbnb will cover me if there are any issues. 
I got the exact same reply last July for a place in Dublin.. just the company name and name of person replaced. The rest of it is a word to word copy. It was one of those too good to be true listings which was obviously a scam.   

If you reply to him, he'll say he'll make a temporary Airbnb listing and ask you to rent it from there, and say that "Airbnb" will take care of showing the place to you and managing everything else. 
The world outside India is not just the US, you know.
1. You need to stop comparing yourself to others.  
2. Don't stay in your first job for so long (unless it's google or something). Most big companies don't have great appraisals and increments, so it's not surprising that you're getting paid 4 LPA if you're still on your first job. The trick is to get enough experience (1-2 years) and then move. 
Fuck off, muslims will never vote for you. Rest of India may have forgotten or ignored Gujarat riots during national election time, but Muslims will never forget. And hopefully, even rest of sane Indians have seen your true colours by now. 
None of these online services will help you in taking money outside India. That's very tightly controlled, as opposed to transferring money to India. 
> without prior approval.

Not about approval. It is just not possible to transfer money from any to NRE account. You can only do it from foreign banks. 

To be honest, I haven't started my account conversion process yet, but I heard repatriating funds from NRO is not as hard as resident accounts. 
Oh. If you have NRO account, you should be able to repatriate easily using netbanking. There are zero issues there. It's the resident accounts which have issues. 
I'm sure she'll qualify for something if she does some research and ask around. There are scholarships given to deserving candidates regardless of caste and stuff too. But there's a selection process and stuff.   
She'll have to do a lot of research to begin with.
I am assuming you are talking about regular resident account and not NRO account. Shortly put, you are not going to find a lot of ways of doing this remotely, while you are in Singapore. Due to some RBI regulation, your physical presence is required when doing outward remittance. You may be able to convince your bank to do it with your close relative's authorisation. Otherwise, foreign outward remittance is not too complicated. You'll need IBAN and Swift code. 

I had this problem when I first moved abroad and I didn't have any relatives in India. I mostly used two things:   

 - I withdrew cash with my Indian ATM card when abroad.  
 - I used my Indian credit card in most places and paid credit card bill every month from online netbanking account of Indian bank. 
Are they still using that ridiculous diwali photo? That's the most popular fake news about India to spread online. 
Did he expect farmers to pay and join art of living or what?
Honestly, I'd ask someone from home to lend you some money and transfer it to your bank. Why would you want to risk doing something illegal, that too immigration fraud, for a problem which can be fixed by a loan from family or something? If you get caught, (i heard of revenue workers doing checks on business premises just 2 weeks ago), chances are you'll never be able to return here, and will also probably affect your chances of getting visas elsewhere. 
😁 no idea, but that's a hilarious name. 
You may have freedom to work from everywhere, but getting a visa for a month long trip may not be super easy for many places. When it comes to Indians, visa officers prefer tourists with a fully detailed itinerary with all flights and hotel bookings. It's not going to be easy to convince them you'll be visiting 1 place for 1 month, especially if you're a independent consultant or a freelancer.   
This is much worse if it's your first trip abroad.
This is the reason why you see a lot of Indians from India (visas are easier for NRIs) in organised tours or atleast planned holidays, but not a lot of backpackers who are exploring without a fixed plan.  

My suggestion: look at visa on arrival or visa free options. I'd stay well clear from schengen visa countries.
Honestly, I hated the weather in Mumbai, but I really don't like wearing a jacket every time I go out here (Ireland). Seriously, once you experience rain in cold and windy weather, you will almost start missing Mumbai rains. And there are places with much better weather in India.   

Secondly, Ireland specifically isn't great for public transport, and while it's improving, I see the will and speed in improvement a lot faster in indian metros. But I'll admit this is solely because the population density of Indian cities really need metros much more. I still miss the super cheap autos and cabs, but on the plus side, I've got really used to walking now. 
Internet in Oman is insanely backward. And this isn't just today when comparing with all the recent strides made in internet in India. Even 10 years ago, it was still relatively easy and cheaper to get broadband in India than Oman.  
That's what having a monopoly does. The situation was the same with mobile before nawras came and shook things up. 
Honestly, this stuff is unfortunately too common in our country. What is uncommon is actually standing by the rapist and holding demonstrations to release him, or the cops arresting the victims father and beating him up till he died in jail.
Yes. That is why I said I'll need a fully air conditioned house. Seriously, what's so hard to understand?
What were you doing in female bathrooms? 
Only because of the weather during summer and monsoons. It's an amazing place otherwise. 
Even doing nothing works sometimes. People get cured of small ailments without medicine all the time. It's the immune system. 
If someone makes a list of cities where you should own a car, London will be probably be near the very end. They actually invented underground railways here. It's still the 4th largest network (Seoul, Shanghai, Beijing are bigger). Even their bus network is awesome. 
And Americans talk about other people paying taxes as if they are paying a lot lesser, or getting a lot more for their money. 
And you didn't? Americans also pay a lot of taxes.
I don't remember this reference. 
You don't even have to give up internet! A lot of those Konkan villages have basic broadband! My parents are from the region, and honestly, I could live there peacefully (the heat and rain is atrocious, but I'll manage with a fully air conditioned house)
India and Pakistan keep going through moments of peace and friendship, and being total enemies. For example, the Indian prime minister called the Pakistani prime minister to wish him happy birthday last year, and the Pakistani prime minister asked him to drop by for a short visit. The Indian PM obliged and was there in a few hours. 
There should be an option to enable or disable html in emails somewhere. Find it in the preferences. 
Just a tip, OP. If you're having a tough time here, it's because there's a lot of really experienced and knowledgeable people here, who already have proper portfolios and investment plans, and really don't need another product to do some automatic investments. I think your product is targeted more towards younger people who have just started earning and have zero idea about investments, and would like a user friendly service like yours to take care of it for them.  

This subreddit is probably the wrong audience for you. 
Lol. Chances are it was just someone who wanted a cheap room to stay along with 2 friends. 
FIR isn't only for police to find your stuff and give them back to you. Police report for theft is important as your stuff can be misused.. you could claim insurance with report. In some cases, you need FIR to replace ID cards and stuff. 
Only bhakts think he's actually stylish. But they're right about failure to deliver part. 
Uttarakhand division was a success. Rest of UP is still too big, so need to divide it more.
Not justifying loan waivers, but there's a massive difference in waiving off loans to lakhs of farmers and 1 guy scamming a bank. 
I imagine online shopping has made shopping for the right bras easier, right? Once you know your size for a particular brand, you always know you can get it online. 
My wife tried birth control pills for half a year before she decided it was screwing up her body too much. I was surprised it can have such a strong effect on a person, and yet seem so common and widely used.  

If there was a tablet for curing some ailment, which came with such bad side effects, that tablet would never get to market. 
Even if this wasn't the case, is educational qualifications and merit really where the bhakts want to poke into? They had an HRD minister with dubious educational records.. hell, even their beloved Modi's educational records seem impossible to verify. 
In theory, yes.   
In practice, H1B is a lottery. There is no guarantee that the spouse will get a work authorisation on his/her own.   
Personally, even if the spouse doesn't have in demand skills, she/he should still be able to work and support the family. I feel that's fair.  
There are still ways to ensure that Americans get first preference on other jobs too.   

This is essentially how it works where I live (Ireland). I came in with a CSEP (critical skills employment permit, which is given for jobs for which skills are in high demand). My wife is eligible for a free spousal work permit, but the company should still maintain a 50% ratio of EU candidates over non EU ones, and in reality, they always prefer EU candidates because there is no paperwork and bureaucracy. So end result: My wife can work, although she is still not on the level playing field as EU candidates. 
A lot depends on what apps you install on the device. There are ways to figure out which app is killing the battery, the system battery monitor is not always accurate when it comes to apps running in the background. You can find more about it online..
Not passive aggressive at all. Pretty clear and direct. 
Just FYI to everyone else here... This was bloody obvious to muslims after what that fucker did in Gujarat. But everyone else was blind sided by promises of development. I guess its easy to ignore stuff like this when you aren't the victim. 
She's been beheaded, and no foul play suspected?
No, it is relevant. He's justifying not taking any Muslim cab because he's angry about some people protesting against a Hanuman poster. Don't you see how illogical it is?
They're still a tiny party. They're actually too vocal for their size.
If you're so desperate to chat with girls that you need to be in an enclosed space with them for long periods so that they can't escape, you're probably not going to have any luck.
Not condoning anything. Just saying what conditions lead to rise of violence and terrorism. But why is sangh violence more justified? 
Honestly, I'm more excited about Gordon Ramsay. 
He apparently retired last year. Maybe he was just holidaying in Muscat?
Seriously, remember this when you blame muslims for being not as patriotic and complain about their situation in India. Remember this when you ask why they look after their own over the welfare of their country. Remember this when you wonder what leads to environments which leads to growth of terrorism. 
Indian here. We aren't just taught English the way you're taught Irish. It really is used a lot. Across some states, there really isn't any other common language for people to speak. Most urban kids go through their entire education in English, and Indian languages are secondary languages, and hence a lot of us just use English everyday like how you would.  

My wife and I really don't have any common language which we both speak fluently, so we both speak English at home. It's really the main language for a lot of us. 
Are you vegetarian? Because veg biryani is overrated, I agree. Not too far off from the humbler pulav. A well made chicken or mutton biryani can bring tears to my eyes though.
You can still use YouTube in the Firefox browser in fire stick. It isn't as responsive, but it works. You can still do the phone remote thing by pairing the TV app to your phone app and stuff.  
Btw, people always compare modi and MMS silence. The difference is MMS is always silent. He doesn't give long speeches and remains selectively silent on some issues.   

Edit: You always know you've hit a nerve when you get downvoted with no replies. 
Guys, please stop this. Nothing is going to happen to OP. His GF is probably as good as dead though. 
Apart from the fact that your data is incorrect, as pointed out by the other user, I'd support a corrupt party any day over an evil party which fuels hatred and violence. That said, BJP is also corrupt. 
It's the default venue for most of the Indian expat events, for some weird reason. Do they give their venue out for free (or really cheap) to lure people in? I'd warn people about it on the Facebook groups if I wasn't so scared of them. 
Not sure about civil engineering jobs, but you'll have to spend a lot more on rent here, atleast if you're in Dublin. 
Android, and only on phones which have NFC. A lot of androids don't support NFC. 
A third sounds really high. 
You don't need to dig up links to prove or remind us how corrupt the UPA government was. We all remember. You can read my original comment and see the point I was trying to make. 
Wait, what happened to Vajpayee? I thought he did fairly well as a PM, and then retired. 
This what I try to point out when people say "BJP might be Hindutva nationalists, but atleast they aren't corrupt like Congress". No. BJP are corrupt too, and that's not even the worst thing about them!
A lot of people don't get legally married anymore, but are still long term partners. Even marriages break up frequently. I'd be more interested to see what percentage of kids have been brought up by single parents. 
Yes, both in terms of money and in terms of exposure and experience in working and living outside India.  
But its also too easy to fall into the "gulf trap". You can get too used to Gulf quality of life and having all Indians around you and the Indian schools and shops..Not to mention the high salaries and zero income tax. And you spend too much time there that its too late to move elsewhere. And when you get old and have to retire, and you literally can't stay there any more because they still treat all foreigners as temporary works on employment visas with possibility of PR or citizenship (you can retire and stay there if your kids stay with you, but then you are just setting them up for the "gulf trap").   

It's not a terrible place to be, all things considered. But its not great. 
skip the cycle, and walk home! sorry. 
Don't ignore the BTS. It doesn't go everywhere, but it's pretty handy. 
Thailand as a whole gets a bad reputation for sex tourism. It's an amazing country with a lot of offer. It's one of my favourites too.. I've been there on two holidays, and I'm always ready to pack up and go again. 
I've only been here for a year or so, but I've heard it's mostly Dublin and a couple of other cities (prices are lower in those cities, but the ratio to salaries is still bad). 
People have been posting this on this subreddit ever since that episode came out. But yeah, it's a cool reference to the older series.
It's unfortunate that a lot of people will loose their freedom to drive and move around, but road safety is more important.   
The thing is, not everyone can be a good driver, even if they're not old. Somehow, many cities and towns are basically structured in a way that forces everyone to drive. We should stop making that a requirement.  
Really, this itself is a good argument better public transport. 
Prostitution is not legal in most western countries. It's sort of like India.. it's illegal but not always targeted and enforced. 
Part of this is pure sexual frustration, like you said. But that's not the whole story. 
If you're an engineer with CS background/skills, it shouldn't be too hard. The first step would be finding a job which sponsors a work permit/employment visa. The slightly bad news is that you have to be really good, but the good news is that if you're from the right background and have some basic skills, you can always learn and improve.    


Apparently, even for non CS people from engineering, there are options. But not too sure about those.  

Don't restrict yourself to english speaking countries. Look at Europe. A lot of people ignore the gulf because there is no scope of naturalisation, but I think they're good places to make money quickly. 
10 minutes on Dublin bikes. Sometimes after work, I just skip the cycle, and walk home.. takes around 30 min. 
I wouldn't mind the taxes if the rents were lower. 
Point bring bhakts would be wrong of they said that. Modi is just reaching the level of the last government. Not getting better.
Fastest in 6 years means it was faster 6 years ago. 
That's technically not the Aqsa mosque. It's the dome of the rock. But nice picture. 
Where did you find the electric hybrid bus? Never saw one of those in Dublin before.. I heard about plans to start using hybrids but didn't know they started already.
The entire story itself could be fiction, forget about local geographical mappings about it. 
Pakistan and ISI is like the perfect boogyman. Anything happens, blame them. 
What BS. It is always legal to harm anyone in self defense. No need for any new law. WhatsApp forward to give modi some credit where none is due. 
Why isn't it possible? Badminton isn't a team sport. Both are individual contestants. 
Medals are not just given to countries, they're given to contestants regardless of which country they're from. Badminton isn't a team sport, so saina and Sindhu are individual contestants. One will get gold, the other will get silver. 
Who would have thought that small islands don't have enough infrastructure to support the consequences of mass tourism?
Rather CutThisGovernment
Of course its not the answer. That's what OP is saying: There is no answer. The country is fucked, he has lost all hope. He is just trying make his own life better by emigrating. 
Bas yahi baaki tha
Only their tharak. 
Both are equally bad, and both actually feed each other. 
Funny. I wasn't ashamed of being an Indian until a few years ago. 
Funnily enough, Indian media cares too much about Modi. 
Nah. Couldn't finish it, honestly. It just felt so dull and boring, almost forced humour. Even Seth Rogen himself... if this is how his standup stuff usually goes, I think I will stick to his movies. That kind of humour doesn't really translate too well into standup, atleast for me. 
I really couldn't finish it. It's not that it was too offensive or edgy for tastes, but it was just plain unfunny and boring. 

I haven't really watched any other standup of Seth Rogen, if this is how his standups usually go, I think I will stick to his movies. 
If anyone is wondering what exactly leads to hatred, brainwashes people, and makes them terrorists, it is this right here. Think about this when you read about kashmiri stone pelters the next time. 
> when i was learning driving i hit a bike on the road and broke someone else's legs and teeth

Yeah, will need more info about how this happened before you try to overcome your fear. 
People over here are talking about Indian readers and writers and their mentality and tastes and stuff.   
Is it possible that there just aren't enough Indians who are voracious readers and have a good reading habit? On personal observation, this is what it looks like. Readers who follow science fiction would be an even smaller percentage, large chunk of the few Indians who read books would the very standard mainstream stuff, because they aren't very serious readers who have graduated to non mainstream stuff.   


Edit: Not trying to judge. I myself hardly read any more, and even when I used to, I usually stuck to very mainstream stuff. 
Sad to think that the only thing preventing so large chunk of Indian men to shamelessly watch porn in public was good internet.  

I've said this before in a different context.. I don't think our society has matured enough for cheap unlimited internet access.  
Upvote percentage says you have hit randia bhakt's triggers, OP. 
Oh..I was wondering when was Mallya missing and not found in the past, and living the high life now. It's hard to comprehend when read from left to right. 
What? That makes no sense.
Obviously, he won't be aware of it. He did a basic free test which doesn't even give full results. I didn't say genetics are involved, but there is decent chance of it. That's why in my comment, I asked him to take a full lipids profile test and visit the doctor before assuming that diet along will solve all problems. 
Not all cholesterol issues arise due to diet or can be fixed by diet (or even physical activity) alone. There is stress and genetics involved (especially genetics for Indian men). You shouldn't avoid going to the doctor and just resolve to diet alone if you have high cholesterol. 
People stopping facebook, or even reducing their facebook usage will still hurt him badly. Their business primarily depends on people visiting their website and seeing/clicking their ads. All data collection is to make this ad targeting more accurate. 

This is why I don't buy the argument that it is pointless to stop using facebook, because he owns instagram and whatsapp, and because they already have our data, which cannot be deleted. 

The thing is every little bit helps.. 

- Deleting your data now ensures that other applications and pages can't target you (even though facebook themselves have the data internally). 
- Deleting your data and unsubscribing to pages/groups will encourage you to stop going back to facebook frequently and sharing more information, which ultimately hurts them the most.  

In an ideal world, you would even replace the messenger and whatsapp, but anything you can do to reduce your facebook usage and sharing stuff on social media will bring down the facebook empire. 

He's fucking scared of people abandoning the platform, so he has to put in a few words like this. He'll do shit. 
Even a broken clock is correct twice a day. 
Beti bachao. Seriously, emigrate and take your daughters out of India. 
Some interesting and possibly relevant info from the Dublin bus wikipedia page: 

> Uniquely for a capital city's primary transit network, no full system-wide street map is available online. Dublin Bus cites high licensing fees from fellow state owned company, Ordnance Survey Ireland, which published a printed street map every two to five years and included bus routes. However, the latest edition, published June 2011 omits these for the first time. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dublin_Bus

Ok.. fair enough. In fact, this is how I also realised I had cholesterol issues. The next step is going to a testing centre and getting a full lipids profile test. 
What sort of cholesterol test is this where they didn't give proper values? Before doing anything, take a proper lipids profile test, which will give proper values for hdl, LDL, and also triglycerides.  

If you have low HDL, the best thing that can help is physical activity. I hope you don't smoke.. any person who cares even a tiny bit about their health should give that up first.  

For high LDL and triglycerides, reducing carbs helps a lot. Red meat and shellfish is bad, but otherwise no issues with non veg. Some stuff like fish is apparently very healthy. But I honestly don't know much about dieting. 

Secondly, consult a doctor. Unfortunately for us indian men, cholesterol issues are in our genes. Sometimes, if your parents have had cholesterol issues, it's best to go on life long course of statins. It will ensure your cholesterol is under control and you remain healthy as you grow older.  

Thirdly, high cholesterol people have a much higher risk of diabetes. So also do a proper sugar test along with your cholesterol test, and start treating sugar like poison. Avoid it everywhere.

Bottom line: two things. Get a full proper test and get the report on your hands. And secondly, visit a cardiologist. 
How can a criminal himself be tough on crime? The only criminals he is after are those he is opposed to. 
Ah yes. I was wondering how they'd being their racist agenda into this. 
It is Anupam Kher. Don't expect this movie to be unbiased. 
Who deserves our government exactly?
Bail doesn't mean punishment is avoided. Bail just means giving a financial deposit instead of being put in a holding cell when awaiting trial. So you can't get bail if your trial is complete and you are sent to imprisonment as punishment. 
Food is crazily priced in some theatres, but why should government regulate the prices of food sold in a private business? Tomorrow, they'll try to control prices of food in restaurants too? 
I have to agree with some other posts here. A few "friends" of mine from college days thought it would be really cool to get a dog after moving out of hostel. It seemed like they loved the dog, but honestly, they had a house helper who did most of the work.   
Eventually, they had to pack up and leave the city after completing college, and neither of their parents wanted a dog in their house (both were from big joint families).  

They just left the dog at one of those places which hold dogs temporarily when you leave town, and never told them they're not coming back to pick up him. Heartless bastards. I never spoke to them after that.  

More than "some free time", you really need to think hard if you are getting a dog. You can't travel or leave it alone, you need friends or outside help to take care of it, which honestly rules out most young people. You need to think about your future and where you will be staying or moving. You need a big place, in most cases, a small studio or 1 bedroom apartment isn't enough, which again is where many young people live. Getting a pet is a major decision which involves a lot of thought.   

Don't want to rain on your parade, OP, but I just want to put this out there, because a lot of young stupid people like my college friends end up getting pets and abandoning them because they simply can't take care of them. 
You think it's that simple to convince them? They'll say it's photoshopped. Unless you physically take them around the world, both horizontally and vertically, they won't believe anything.
Man, this really pisses me off. I used to get irritated with constant honking before, and now people have graduated to just constant blinking, thinking they have become more civilised.. Sometimes they just do this when the car is idle, as soon as there is some space infront for the car to move. They just use it like how they used to use the horns.   
Honestly, I could dial out the honking noise, but its very hard to ignore the constant flickering of the lights.  
Ideally, proper land zoning and stuff should control all this. In most countries, the area around a major highway is still owned by the road network for future expansion and for things like slip roads, etc.  
What an age we live in.  
We have laws which categorise some cases of consensual sex as rape, and some cases of non consensual sex cannot be categorised as rape! 
Man, I wish I had a useless file taking up 128gb somewhere in my hard-disk. It must have felt so good to delete that one, OP.
It isn't the most expensive capital in Europe.
I guess it got popular along with the rise of emoticons and emojis in text. Don't think there's one single origin though..
It would be an interesting fact if they could. 
Atleast stop using instant coffee and make fresh coffee from ground beans if you're looking for good stuff. Don't stop your search at Nescafe, of all places. 
You guys think this is risky and edgy? Seriously, startups making April fool product launches is practically a decades old joke at this point. 
I don't know why I assumed Australia has higher standards for food production. You always hear about Australia having great local produce when it comes to food. 
We never had sidewalks at all in most places. And even where present, they were taken by hawkers and slum dwellers. Now, we are just used to walking on roads.
No one's going to buy second hand unless they get a really good deal. I'll never pay more than 50-60% price for a second hand phone, for example. it's just not worth the headache, might as well buy first hand.  
Some sellers think anything less than MRP is a good deal because buyer is saving money. You really have to take into account the fact that the seller is taking a much bigger risk buying second hand (even if the product is new or barely used). 
I get the feeling she wasn't meant to be home or ordering takeaway food for some reason. Maybe she called in sick to take a break from work or something.
If you can't afford it, don't use it. Download music from other places and listen to it, or use some other cheaper service. I personally use apple music because it's much cheaper than spotify, even though Spotify is better.   

Just because a service is too expensive, it doesn't give you the excuse to use it without paying for it.
Truly exam warriors! 
Nothing is closed if you're a talented person in a couple of high demand fields. 
Because they want to collect tuition fees from the student. 
Too many useless colleges with too many crappy engineers. All because of the hype of jobs. There's still a shortage of good talented CS guys in India. 
The first stupid thing these students did. Melania Trump is completely fucking useless.
> They looted Rs 40,000 cash from him

Yeah, she didn't stab him because her phone was late. She essentially attacked and robbed him. Late delivery was just her excuse. 
There may be some who look at this and say that English is a foreign language and we can't be expected to have perfect language and spelling.  

However, I don't think the issue is the language of instruction itself. In a parallel universe where our medium of instruction is Hindi, we would still have shitty websites filled with Hindi typos. 
I like that they are trying out novel ways to force people to drive on the correct side, but I hope they have thought this through. What if I am coming out of a parking space in reverse, or reversing into a parking space while parallel parking?
Why would anyone pay for your VPN instead of paying for Pornhub premium directly?
Yeah but between her and Trump, she's the blindingly obvious choice, right?
Yeah..no.  
Apple can get away with this shit, because hardcore apple users can't use use any other phone os (apart from several other reasons to stick to apple).  
Potential OnePlus buyers will simply buy another android.  

I can't believe a guy like him thinks his company can get away with something as stupid as a notch. 
Trump has set the bar in American politics so low, that no one can be shy about running against anything he did. 
There was a massive focus on construction of toilets in many villages in India a few years ago. Did these villages even have a proper sewage system which was connected to sewage treatment plants?  

Edit: that's a  rhetorical question. I'm sure the answer is no. 
Important to note that this is even before demonitisation and GST hit our economic growth.
Dude, I'm 31. I haven't lived in the same country as my parents for the past 14 years. 
Hmm. Not really. Just very religious. They truly believe that they are trying to save me, and get really disappointed in me if I don't follow religion. They really can't leave me in peace. 
That I'm never going to keep my parents fully happy as they are too conservative and religious and simply don't approve of my way of life. So I should stop trying to pretend and all the lying, to avoid any bad shocks later in life.  

To move out of a job which I was very unhappy with and paid me badly a lot faster. That small increment they gave to keep me was not enough. All the credit card debt I built up in those years screwed me for a long time. On the same lines.. to not buy a car (never needed it), and club Mahindra membership (don't get me started).  


And most importantly, France got the tgv 40 years ago. It's not even anything recent.
This is one (large) hospital which is giving it for free. It is not the entire treatment capacity of the country. 

See, this is a really good thing, something which many developed countries can't give. If you have to pick and criticise anything from the middle east to suit some agenda of yours, go right ahead. I don't have that much time to waste with people like you. 
It’s a tiny and rich country. You’re overthinking a lot of these problems.
1.	Do you know the difference between citizens and residents?
2.	Do you know the size and population of the country? That one hospital is more than enough.
Suddenly, the media and right wing will dig up stories of her being a leftie commie anti nationalist congress supporter. 
Is the potential roommate thing compulsory? Because I don’t mind meeting new people but I don’t think I’ll be getting a roommate anytime in the future.
I’ve only linked it with pan on income tax website, and gave it to passport office for police verification. I just tell my banks and mobile operator that I don’t have one yet.
Lol. Where is this clean 10%? Please inform us.
Not that I know anyone who’s been to the US with a worn out passport, but I think you should be fine. My dad used to travel a lot and his passport cover had the same issue with the gold lettering. No one even noticed.
Ryanair has some really cheap flights to the UK and even mainland Europe. 
How worn out are we talking about? Is it coming apart? 
Eh. I’ll be angry when they don’t keep our bags in the hold for free.
That’s what I’m saying. Nothing special about this. It’s just common courtesy. 
1.	It’s not compulsory to move abroad. Poor people can actually die without their rations and are forced to submit aadhaar for this.  
2.	Biometrics collected by US immigration aren’t used for anything else.. the system isn’t used by third parties for authentication. It’s only to verify the person at immigration offices. 
3.	The rate at which UIDAI is handling data security, I honestly trust a foreign government agency more than UIDAI for simply keeping my biometrics safe.
Stuff like this doesn’t even make the news in most other countries. Is the bar really so low that we have to report an old man being helped across the road?
As far as I know, this is simply not allowed in most restaurants. Or you get charged for both dishes.
That’s the most stupid impulse buy I’ve heard of, even without the scam. 
I faced the same situation last year. Couldn’t do anything but I did all my tax saving investments anyway, and I’m expecting a big tax return this year. 
I think company B is confusing offer letter with the employment contract (which is supposed to have the proper joining date). They can safely give you an offer letter with a tentative joining period (and also add a note stating that the offer stands on only those joining dates. Maybe that will give them more confidence in giving you an offer letter. 
seriously. if this can happen in kerala, it can happen pretty much anywhere in India. 
It’s not even possible to do that. Once renounced, it’s legally impossible to get Indian citizenship back. There’s no provision for it.
>  I never enjoyed learning any subject other than microcontrollers, microprocessors etc which dealt with coding. I enjoy coding but I don't think I'm good to get a good job from Amazon, Google etc.  

No fresher with a sane mind thinks he's good enough for Google. Real skills in coding will only come with experience. You have found something which you enjoy which happens to have a decent job market which pays above average salaries (at least if you do well and don't join the standard ITES companies). I say just pick this as a safe career path which you can enjoy, and also look at cinema and other stuff later when your life and income is more stable. 
The worst point in this info graphic is that the city is only using half its waste water treatment capacity. It’s not that they aren’t capable of treating more water, the problem is that most of the waste water isn’t even being collected and directed for treatment .
Fucking government insurance check is bouncing these days. 
Not necessarily bad imitations. In many cases, it starts with Chinese people who move abroad and start setting up restaurants to cater to local people's tastes rather than being authentic, and then the entire cuisine kicks off from there.  

Indian Chinese has roots in Chinatown in Kolkatta, for example.  

There is really nothing wrong with Indian Chinese or American Chinese food. It may not be authentic Chinese, but they are still proper cuisines with delicious food. It's just nice to know that real Chinese food is a lot different. Personally, I hate American Chinese (too sweet, very less flavour), and I really enjoy authentic Cantonese and Sichuan food, but I can get tired of that too. I can eat Indian Chinese any day.  
Bangalore is getting decent public transport, but atleast a few decades late. The effects of the delay in opening of first phase metro won’t go for a long time. Oh well, better late than never. 
The ironic thing is most of the Chinese restaurants in the US are American Chinese, which is again no where close to authentic chinese. Egg rolls are purely American Chinese for example.  

The new age Chinese restaurants are fairly authentic, atleast they represent some parts of China: places like royal China and yautcha (only in Mumbai Delhi Bangalore in India afaik)
The ironic thing is most of the Chinese restaurants in the US are American Chinese, which is again no where close to authentic chinese. Egg rolls are purely American Chinese for example.
What do you think expression means?
It’s mostly not done in Sunni communities. 
You do realize that China has the most number of English in the world, right?
If it’s just been two days, I don’t think you should be too worried. Is the manufacturer supposed to deliver the product within 2 days?
I used to take the Mumbai locals regularly a couple of years ago. There was no UTS app, and occasionally, I was too late for work to get my monthly pass renewed. I have been caught once.  

Interestingly, the first time I tried to take a train in Mumbai, I was alone and trying to find the ticket booking office in Bandra station. I entered the platform, and had to go out again to find the ticket office. A checker caught me and I really hard a very hard time trying to convince him that I didn’t travel yet. I got really irritated, and I told him to come with me to station office to check CCTV. Finally, some crowd gathered and a few guys convinced the checker that I’m a new guy, and he let me go. 


After seeing public transit systems abroad, I later realized that travel on Mumbai locals rely on a lot of implied knowledge. You’re meant to know where and how to buy a ticket, there are no boards or signs. There’s no rail map or display on trains, and some stations don’t have a map either. There’s a lot to fix apart from the overcrowding issue.
You really can’t compare pixels software support to any other device. I highly doubt if 5t will see android p officially supported from oneplus (though I’m fairly certain that lineageos will take care of it). 
He’s the prime minister, and he’s fucking terrible.
Of course it’s not great, but it’s better than killing or harming girls because they don’t want them (which does happen a lot). 
Anyone else just relieved it wasn’t done to kill or hurt the girl? Of course, the end result is the same, but atleast they were trying to cure her cold (apparently)
It’s nice that they’re being open about the transfer being free for only 6 months.
I’m surprised Switzerland isn’t in the European customs union. Isn’t it a member of the EEA?
Yeah. Those don’t look like happy tears either. He looks pissed off.
I’m confused.. is he for or against the repeal?
Because you are not a bank. You’re just a retail customer. Banks at the end of the day need to make money and do business. If loan interest was lower than deposit interest, people would just take loans from one bank and deposit in other right? Free unlimited money!
You have family. You’ll be fine. Just listen to them.
I feel bad for drivers who have invested their life savings in a vehicle for Uber and ola going by the incentives they used to give out a few years ago, but if they really think a driver and car is actually worth 1.5 lakh per month to these companies, they’re seriously deluded. Do they really think the companies can afford to pay drivers like this? Where do they think the money comes from? They’ve seen how cheap the passenger fares are. Any incentive above that is just a bonus from the company, funded by their investors. It’s not money earned from anywhere.
They’re very different shows. It’s not a competition. 
Would have been more interesting if you filtered out all the “is x a state” entries.
So they already know who you are. That’s all thats required by the cops.
They don’t want a full character statement from your neighbors. They just want to verify if you live there. So no, you don’t need to be good friends. They just need to be aware of you for the police verification purpose.  

But in general, it is a nice idea to be atleast a little friendly with neighbors. I’m not saying be close friends, but maybe give sweets a couple of times a year on your festivals, and just say hello when you cross them. You never know when you’ll need help from them.
Unfortunately, not every city has a widely usable public transport system yet (though most are getting there with their metro projects). Share cabs are very widely used in Bangalore and Mumbai, for example.
If you ever need stronger proof of a failed schooling and education system, its the popularity of these tuitions.
Indian security experts can get FIR’d and arrested. Look up what happened every time an Indian person or entity tried to expose something negative about aadhar.
another way to ensure you piss someone off for life? Make sure they don’t have any pictures of their wedding.
As someone who’s made the embarrassing mistake of trying to sing karaoke in an office party, on camera, no, it’s actually not that easy for anyone to sing in tune.
I beg to differ.
She is your mom. Did you talk to her and try to show her why it’s a bad idea? In most cases here when people are talking about acquaintances or not so close friends, talking to them about it isn’t an option.
Imagine how crowded the public transport will be around that area. It will probably need a couple of train stations and luas stops too.
It’s not that easy for common people like you and me. You’ll need to give collateral, be the banks managers relative, or be a politician or their relative.
Seriously, if this is our science and tech minister, can we blame the rest of the country for having such a low aptitude for science and research?  
Instead of actually accepting that we have to improve our country and our education, these idiots have their heads stuck in the mud, quoting fake quotes of our glorious past. Even if the quotes weren't fake, they are about our past. Nothing of that glory remains today. Nothing. So stop masturbating to history textbooks, and DO SOME FUCKING WORK TO ACTUALLY IMPROVE THE COUNTRY!   
And before anyone says anything, ISRO is an outlier. The top few premier institutes in science and tech are great, but vast majority of country believes in bullshit (literally). 
Yeah.. in those cases, it’s best not to be around such people. A little hand sanitizer isn’t going to be enough against someone with such scant regard for hygiene and just general behavior on how to treat other people.
It’s not exactly a scientific discovery. And everyone has been posting stuff like this all over social media anyway.
I thought zero refund cancellations were always the full fare.. that is the cost of all nights booked for. Correct me if I’m wrong.. fortunately I never had to cancel anything in the last minute.

Kar lo bhai. Ab 25 crore kya, log hazaar crore loot rahain hain. Aap bhi mast loot to. 
The real shame is that SBI is a public sector bank, not a private sector one driven by investors and board.. It is actually mostly owned by the government, i.e. us. 

Our entire banking system is in a major clusterfuck right now. NPAs have screwed them up too badly. There is no easy pain free out of this. 
It wasn't just legalised. It was legalised retrospectively on the year BJP was founded. That is just blatant.  
It is hypocritical, but it isn't even the right comparison. Sonia Gandhi was a part time waitress when she was a college student. Most "chaiwalla" insults to Modi are based on his dubious educational background which he keeps trying to hide, and the simplistic understanding and fixing of complex issues of his government (like aadhar privacy, demonetisation to fix black money issues). It is a derisive insult, but based on poor governance. 
> Honestly I don't think it is for extroverts in India.

Such people are only extroverts in their own comfort zone. A real extrovert would go out of his way to make real friends with more local people and try to integrate with the local culture, rather than trying to hang on to some desi people who treat you weirdly. 
I am actually impressed with the number of the open jobs: 90,000. 
Yeah, my point is that cashback is just a way for wallet companies to pay users to retain them, but they don't add a whole lot of value otherwise. Anything that can be done with a wallet can also be done without a wallet, with maybe the exception of peer to peer payments (and even that is out of the window if you consider UPI). 
Hmm, it's not always easy, especially for single people. Married people atleast have companionship of their spouses. Parents getting old is a very big issue. It's why most people I know don't go abroad or stay abroad for extended periods.  

One of the things expats have to continuously do is to put yourself out there. It's not a normal routine life you've lived in your comfort zone in India, so you really have to go out of your way to make more friends and meet new people.  

I live in a smaller European country, with a much smaller desi community, and I feel that superficialness you talk about. It's very real, and I don't know why it's there. (Wasn't really there when I was growing up in the gulf though, plenty of nice desi family friends there) But if you can make friends with local people, it's always much better. I've been abroad for less than a year now, and my wife and I already have more local friends and friends from other countries. The indian people we met don't really want to stay in touch and meet. 
Not a lot of people actually need these wallets. Everything that can be done on these wallet apps can be done with netbanking or a debit card or even UPI. The only thing is you'll have to go to different websites to pay different bills.  

Honestly, the only reason why they've survived is because of cashbacks. I see very few people actually using wallets to transfer small amounts of money to each other.  

Now with KYC, most small users don't want additional headache. I've actually heard that for many wallets, the KYC process doesn't even work many times. 
Imagine being so lucky, that you don't even know you have been lucky. 
Why does it feel like earnings in Youtube are either super high, or almost nothing? You here about famous video blogger and channels earning in lakhs/crores, and smaller bloggers complaining that they earn nothing. Is there no middle ground? Maybe that's just the nature of viral content. 
No college grad can write production ready code. That's something you can only learn on the job. 
Wait how is this meant to be better than a hard border? Isn't it worse?
Also, someone can physically force your finger on screen for login without you consent, or even your knowledge. You can even claim that you have forgotten your password when being coerced to login and no one can challenge your memory. The difference between fingerprint and password is that you lose control of when and where it can be used when fingerprint is the mode of login.  

For your own safety, better not use it. 
I haven't been here for even a year yet, but two things which the two things which haven't exactly pleased me are the cost of renting, and public transport system. Though I can understand why the public transport isn't as developed as other European cities (far lower population and population density, economic downturn interrupted most development), and I know how to live with it.  

But something really needs to be done about renting costs. I'm currently spending half my salary on rent (though my wife is starting work this month, so some relief there), and it's hard to save. The only way out seems to be to save enough to put down a deposit to buy a house. I don't think buying a house should be a compulsory step in having a good life and to save money at the same time. 
What if vehicle has very less fuel already and owner is desperately trying to reach a petrol pump, and a situation arises where he has to use the horn?
Isn't cow slaughter already banned in Karnataka?
This isn't just mental health. This is parental pressure and insane upbringing. This is parents basically brainwashing their kids into believing that 9 marks is the difference between life and death. 
He didn't even get his result. He scored 90% in preboards but was driven to get even more. And he felt so bad that he couldn't answer questions for 9 marks that he committed suicide. If I were the cops, the first thing I'll do is take his parents into custody.   

Enough blaming competition and culture and society. Time to take action. Make parents responsible. Only parents can control the amount of pressure on the child. 
The obvious problem with all ideas to restrict honking is that the horn is actually a safety device. It can be essential and life saving when used at the right time. The problem is we don't appreciate it's value and just misuse it to express anger and frustration (of which there is plenty on Indian roads).   
I think just the general chaos and lack of order on the roads itself is one of the main reasons why so much honking is necessary. So that's not going to be fixed overnight. It goes along with general driving etiquette and discipline, which is a big educational problem. 
We Indians will think twice if typing extra letters consumed petrol/diesel! 
Oh, the apartment is in your friend's name, 80k out of 1 lakh deposit is also only put by your friend! The solution is simple right? Rowdy guy needs to get out of the picture!     

1. Come up with 20k to pay him off. Since you haven't paid any deposit, frankly, you should put up this money.  
   
2. Come up with a solid excuse to get rid of Rowdy. Don't bring up stuff like the arguments and his behaviour. It should be a solid excuse. Maybe your friend can say that his parents are coming over to stay with him, and he needs the full flat back. But don't be unreasonable.. give him 1 month to move out, and give him his deposit back. Don't give him any reason to think he's been treated unfairly, or things will get bad again.    

3. After rowdy moves out, if you can afford the rent, both of you can share the flat and leave the hall empty. Honestly, it is just better and gives you guys more peace of mind. Unless either of you have financial issues, I'd recommend doing this. Otherwise, you can get a third guy who both of you can trust to occupy the hall or the empty bedroom. 
What's the deposit situation right now? I understand you moved in later and started sharing the rent, but between your friend and the other guy, who paid the deposit (or was it shared)? Whose name is in agreement (or both are there)?  
If your friend has to move out, will the other guy be able to get another friend to move in and give back your friends part of the deposit?
Ah. That makes sense. I don't have any major issues with my apartment anyway, so the exception does seem reasonable. I guess the changes in regulations is also only 3 years old, and planning and construction is unfortunately slow a very slow exercise, so we are still catching up to housing demand really slowly. 
I can find a news article from 2001 about it getting planned. Not sure otherwise. I have been renting this place for half a year. 
Hmm. This is weird. I moved to Dublin 7 months ago, and I've been living in an 2 bed apartment in both bedrooms have windows open to the north, and even the balcony opens to the north. It is not an ancient apartment building either.  
There is a wide open view outside the windows and balcony, but yeah, no direct sunlight. I didn't know this was banned, but the apartment complex has many apartments like this.   


Edit: I just googled this. Apparently, apartments which only face north are allowed if they open up to a green open space (which it does in my case) or a body of water. I guess that makes sense. 
What's the issue with north facing apartments? Why are they banned?
1. Are south african Indians even better off than other foreigners who moved to the country and settled there? Maybe everyone is at that level there.   
2. Are you sure Indians in South Africa are actually in very good place compared to their locals?
Lol, why are they bargaining the refund? chalo, tera bhi nahi, mera be nahi, 70 karte hain. 
Kitna hagta hai be 
It's not just about railways. Fast and speedy public transport has lead to massive growth of Mumbai in terms of size and population and jobs and industry and commerce. The local has really enabled Mumbai to become the financial hub of India. It is why its called Mumbai's lifeline.  
Where did you get this from, OP? Any context of the event/location/etc?
This is not bad organisation, just disgustingly and shamelessly cheap. 
Emigration in general is mostly open to either rich people, or educated people, in most countries. There is vast difference between Indians who get a chance of emigration, and the lowest level of uneducated Indians who won't even know the names of these countries. 
That's because mostly only the richest and the most educated Indians got a chance to move to the US. (survivorship bias). 
It may be a financial loss for railways, but the overall value it the Mumbai locals add to the Mumbai city in general is immense. 
No issues then. 
Chinese government had insane restrictions on foreign companies. Many online services are simply firewalled and blocked, because there is no freedom of speech there and they want to block disent on social media they don't have control of.   

I honestly don't think Europe is a digital colony of the US though. These companies are pretty international now (to the extent that they don't even pay a lot of corporation tax in the US any more). What sort of arm twisting are you talking about? 

But if you really want to compare entrepreneurship in China and India, you might want to look at non tech fields.
Even the map on the right is our official claim but does not reflect the on ground reality of what territory is under our control. 
The first thing bhakts will do is to figure out if this guy is a muslim. 
>The 139 is a National Transport Authority (NTA) initiative and will be run for NTA as a Public Service Obligation (PSO) by JJ Kavanagh & Sons under the ‘Transport For Ireland’ brand. 

I had no idea that there were other public bus services within Dublin which aren't run by Dublin bus (or the other airport services and the longer distance ones). How do these buses look like? Can we use leap on them? And can we check their routes and travel updates on the standard information board and Dublin bus apps like next bus Dublin?
I'm surprised by my own country, India. I didn't know women didn't have the right to vote for the first three years after our independence. I thought everyone got it together. Even more surprised that Pakistan apparently sorted this issue right after independence: 1947. 
I would have done the same. If it's just a robbery where store clerk puts his hands up and surrenders the money, no one gets hurt. If store clerk tries to attack the robber, shit just got serious and there's a much higher chance of someone getting hurt, accidentally or otherwise. 
This isn't surprising. We are very protective of our agricultural industry, which employs majority of Indians and also isn't very developed. It's one of the main points of contention in any major free trade deal with India. Tax free agricultural imports will literally be doomsday for our country. 
If it is falling, someone has done a LOT of work to disable all elevator features to make sure to die. Escaping the fall is just going to delay the inevitable.. Someone wants to kill you. 
I agree with with the comments here asking you to not sell it. You'll never be able to control what the place is used for if you sell it. You need to find an NGO which is doing something important to fight it, and rent the place to them for very cheap/next to nothing.
Caste is not really present in my community, but my parents never really discussed girls and marriage and stuff like that, till the day I told them I have a gf and I want to get married to her. But dating and relationships, or even friendship with girls is a big no no. Practically speaking, in the vast majority of the cases, parents only arrange marriage for their kids in my extended family and community. 
You want to be funny? The joke gets over after the punch line. Know when to stop. 
ROFL. That's a good way to put it.. Saudi drinking game. 
I wish I had the time and place to keep a pet cat. 
Whats your plan on handling this? In my case, even my wife is non muslim, and she can't even pretend to be a muslim for short periods (not that she doesn't want to. She understands the situation, but its not technically possible for her to learn everything just to pretend. Like I said, my parents are strict and follow everything, so they will notice when she is not praying properly, for example). I am in my 30s and it feels really lame. 
Just a small note: the article is talking about new passports. Renewal for passports is much simpler as compared to new passports. 
I was never really very religious, even when I was living with my parents, who are pretty strict Muslims (5 times prayer without fail, attending islamic talks, been on pilgrimage several times, etc etc). Mostly, I just carried along because I didn't want to disappoint them. When I didn't take religious things seriously, it would always end up in a serious talk (although dad only did the talking and I would just have to keeping saying ... ok ok I agree).   

When I moved out of home to go to college, it didn't take long to stop the habit of practising religion. Practically within weeks. During ramazan, there some a little peer pressure from some muslim guys in college hostel to fast and pray with them, but even that faded in a couple of years. After a few more years, I totally gave up: I started drinking alcohol, there were years where I didn't even bother celebrating Eid. I got a non muslim girlfriend, who I eventually married to (without my parents approval, but they have come around to it now).   

I guess the main thing which helped is the fact that I don't really live with them. We don't even live in the same country, and we meet for about a week or two per year. For that small period, I just go ahead and pretend to be a muslim. More than anything else, it is for their peace of mind, and also mine. I don't think they will ever understand and accept me as being an "ex-muslim".  

Obviously, the biggest challenge right now is my parents are getting older, and while I have siblings who will take care of them and give them long term company, I still really can't spend too much time with them, and I can't keep giving them excuses for this. 
Just wondering why the hate against times of Oman. I never lived in Oman as an adult, and I was happy with browsing through times of Oman which we used to subscribe to. Are they biased?
Most of us already lived in some of the most developed areas of India. I assumed we are already comparing with the best India has to offer. 
Yeah why not. When it comes to emigration, you have to compare with all options out there. If we are just going to use population and population density as an excuse, we can't compare India with any developed country. 
> but america sets the trend for the western world 

ROFL NO! America is probably one of the worst examples in the western world when it comes to quality of life. The only thing America has is a large tech industry and lot of tech jobs (and consequently, people better chance of emigrating there), and also it has best institutions for further education. 
Not everyone has the luxury to do what they like. That's the bitter reality. If you need to support yourself, you have to go for fields where there is a better chance of earning more money. 
Why do we always compare with US in such threads? Why do we always assume the entire West is occupied by 1 single country? Obviously, there are many issues with the US but many of these shortcomings (and others which people have replied with) aren't there in other western countries.
Not talking about Vijay Mallya's case, which was a much simpler case of bankruptcy.  
Do you have any source on the PNB assets stuff? I did read a bit about this when it first came out, and apparently PNB can only recover a small fraction of collateral and assets to recover Modi's loan. 
Do you really think every government office in India has the required infra to work online (equipment, connectivity, IT skills)? 
PNB is not a privately held bank. They have shareholders, and more importantly, the Indian Government (and consequently the Indian public) is the biggest shareholder of the bank. It's not just about the bank account customers here. 
PNB doesn't have enough collateral/assets to freeze to recover entire amount of loan. That is the main point of the scam. It wouldn't be a scam if they had all this. It would just be a normal bankruptcy. 
This will be the smaller of the benefits when the infra is in place for such a thing. It is a massive infrastructural systematic change, and its not going to happen anytime soon. 
> Well thats the whole point..to bring them together and work like a single cohesive unit

A hundred different government departments working together to coordinate 1 window online service? That's a massive, MASSIVE task. Just the amount of education and infrastructure required at the basic level is huge. Then comes engineering a solution which works for all ministries, panchayats, municipalities, offices, and finally onboarding every single government department to ensure they use it.  

I honestly don't envy any government or ministry or consultancy which is given the task to even plan this out. I wouldn't wish its implementation on my worst enemy. 
Medical insurance doesn't cost that much. It's not super cheap, but I think a lot of middle class doesn't feel like they are getting any value for health insurance. That's the wrong attitude: it is very important thing to have which will really help when accidents happen.   

That said, I feel government should really improve quality and quantity of government hospitals, where lower middle class (who really can't afford 5-6k per year) would be able to get decent treatment for cheap. 
Central and state governments don't even work together. On top of that, state governments and city municipalities also don't work together. On top of this, different branches of a government don't have enough coordination for something like this.  

This is far more complex and complicated than you think, OP. How can all various governments and their departments (runs into hundreds in number) coordinate and maintain one website?
Craigslist has been around for indian cities for as long as I can remember. Atleast a decade. Not a lot of people care about Craigslist nowadays. 
I have seen many companies who delay and give various excuses  for not giving form 16 to employees who left midway in the last financial year. A lot of people suspected this.. not every company is being honest with their employee's TDS. 
There are currently a few plans in the pipeline already. There's modi's national health care scheme which is an health insurance scheme for poor, and Karnataka also has its own health care scheme plans which was announced a few days ago. Other states might have their own too.  

Our biggest problem in this department is still not good enough infra. We need more hospitals in rural areas, and better hospitals. 
I don't think what you're seeing here is due to bad interconnectivity. It's just massive rush of commuters (due to people returning from holi celebrations back home, as OP said). Interconnectivity could be another problem, but unrelated to this (not sure because I don't live in Delhi).   

Partnering with companies for metro stations happens elsewhere too. It's a good way to get more money, and metros are extremely expensive to build. I don't think there's anything wrong with this, unless the names end up confusing commuters. 
Started at a mere 15k per month. Finally decided to start working after wasting too many years in college.. had enough tech skills and internship experience to join a small web agency. I was desperate for any job, I had dues to pay.  
After jumping around a couple of small startups, I tripled that amount in 2 years, and moved to a more established startup where I picked up a lot of valuable skills. I also started dating and eventually got married in this period, along with moving to Mumbai, so I started doing lot of freelance on the side. I managed to get a full time remote job that paid me 2lpa (which I soon exchanged for a full time local job which paid the same in India). 

I was always interested in tech and programming. Rest was mainly just trying to learn and work my way up, and also a good amount of luck and networking. 
This right here is the biggest reason why I've seen most of my friends who could potentially move abroad just stay back: old parents. That's a hard one. 
If you really want, you could go to some remote towns far away from any major city and factories with crisp clean air, but you're not going to find any work there.  
Realistically, you'll have to mention your line of work and other restrictions you have which will control where you can and cannot stay. 
Nescafe is instant coffee. It's basically pre-made coffee which has been freeze dried for easy use. It's ok if you're short of time or don't have a lot of equipment, but it's never as good as fresh coffee. Learn how to make fresh coffee from beans (grounded beans is good enough to begin with, but coffee fans swear by freshly grinding beans themselves before making coffee).  

The easiest ways you can try.. stovetop moka pot, French press, south indian filter, or pour over method.  
You can search on YouTube for each of these. You'll need some extra equipment, but won't be too expensive.  

Just remember that each method requires a different grind of coffee and different equipment. There are online stores which will grind beans as you need them on order and ship to you. Bluetokai is a good one. 
Haven't been in Mumbai for half a year now, but I used to see them frequently in Bandra Kurla complex routes.  

Btw, I'm a big fan of double deckers myself! 
LPA, not LPM.
5-10 years, I'm pessimistic. And not due to things like climate change or other external factors, purely due to attitude and thought process of majority of people right now. It feels we have almost undergone a serious regression in social development in the past 5 years or so.  

But further than that, I'm optimistic. Because people learn from their mistakes and change. There's always setbacks in progress and we are currently in a small setback phase. I think this same thing is being mirrored in the US too. 

Btw, it's funny that you think china will race past us in the future. Bro, the race got over 20 years ago, and they won by a wide margin. There's no point in comparing our development to theirs. We just need to do the best we can. 
I was also born and brought up in the gulf, and currently the major issue my parents are facing is that they'll have to move back to India, where they haven't lived for a few decades now, that too as elder retirees. That said, I don't think the entire world has gone right wing yet. I've moved to a European country which is open and accepting of foreigners (provided they have the right talent). It has a fairly easy and quick path to permanent residency too.  

Anyway, you probably had much better reasons to stay in India. Moving abroad was a tough decision for me which I'm still coming to terms with. I just wanted to clarify on your first point.
We really shouldn't be comparing to Canada and US anyway. They don't have good rail networks (not their fault.. sparsely populated massive countries). Look at Europe for good rail networks. Or Japan. 
Italy really surprises me. Culture which places high importance on family, deeply religious on the top of that. I expected them to be on the green side. 
You'll be fine if he's from the same religion. It gets really messy if it isn't (or if caste is different, but quite a few Mumbai families don't care about that any more)..   

Teacher family too, quite honourable. 
There are millions of Indians who live and work in the Arabian gulf. 
Honestly, Bihar and UP are way too overpopulated to be effectively administered. The states should be broken up. 
What more do you want to know? It's just a random roadside shrine, but locked to stop theft. 
Headline is really overrated. There's nothing special or great about this. 
Oh, OP. If it was possible to get your money back that easily, these cheaters wouldn't be around successfully praying on gullible people like yourself. Honestly, what were you thinking? Why did you pay them?
It's because of this attitude that the rest of India is tired and wants to move out.
Even north India is too diverse to have a unified "feel". 
He has repeatedly demonstrated the security vulnerabilities he talks about. 
As if the entire India feels exactly the same. There's too much difference within India itself. 
How can Asia not be "your thing"? Do you have any idea how large and diverse the entire continent is? 
Problem isnt with value and declaration of value, whether new or used. Drones are totally banned for import in India. 
They are cracking down on modded apps which misuse their service. This really shouldn't be surprising. Use official app. 
Yes. For the same reason. They operate on wafer thin margins, and even with very high cancellation fees, a small percentage of people still don't show up for flights, which they have to overbook to make money. All this is because running an airline is very expensive, but people just want super cheap tickets. 
My mom had this phobia of escalators for a very long time..she was brought up in rural India before moving to the gulf after getting married. She was starting to get along with it fine, when I had a bad accident when I was fooling around with an escalator when I was very young (I have zero recollection of this event, btw). She didn't step on another escalator for a few decades. Ultimately, they become so common that malls started having fewer elevators and it was getting really difficult and time consuming to find them everytime (this was before handicap access became a big deal), so she gathered some courage and started using them again. 
2 BHK for 75k sounds like a steal in Bandra west. AFAIK, it was 1 lakh minimum, though I am not in Mumbai any more.  
Bandra west is one of the most expensive places to rent in the city though, inspite being a "suburb". 
Everything is expensive in a city where real estate is expensive. 
Flight cancellations and changes are always very expensive, at times with zero refunds (unless you book those expensive flexible tickets). Just consider it as an expensive fine for not planning properly in advance. (I know people have unforeseen emergencies, but if cheapest tickets were easily changeable and refundable, you will have too many unconfirmed bookings in the system which makes the airline's business much more harder to manage).  

Honestly, we are spoiled by our railways. In many places elsewhere, cancellation and refunds aren't even an option for things like buses and trains. 
If you're surprised by the rents, this is still half of some areas in Mumbai. 
Holi effigies are burned to celebrate victory over evil. Not sure how this counts as a victory, because Nirav Modi just ran away. 
Honestly, I was surprised they opened today. I was just walking around looking for some milk. The place was packed though. 
There's a good chance your flight is cancelled.
That Facebook event has updated the date to tomorrow and venue to pheonix park
I had the day off as it is, for other reasons. But I was feeling bored and wanted to experience the snow, so I stepped out for a walk. 
I seriously don't understand the need for the government to invade in every aspect of our lives. Can't we even use online services like Amazon without sharing a government ID any more? What is this nonsense? Where is this country heading?
Not Buddh-aa.. budd-ah means an old guy in Hindi. Slightly different pronunciation.  
Just went for a walk in the park. Dogs are going absolutely crazy. Having the time of their lives. Come on, let them have some fun!
This is Micheal Scott level of cringe. 
As an Indian living in Ireland (with northern Irish friends), it's no where near as bad as it is in India. People still get murdered in India for marrying outside their caste. Murdered. To this day. 
I haven't been around Dublin for long.. How did the Naruto run go?
Very common scam, unfortunately. 
"Adrien Ludovic", who is apparently the "Deputy General Manager" at "skyscanner.ch", tried a similar scam on me 6 months ago. He wasn't trying to get me to a fake Airbnb page, but he wanted to make a temporary Airbnb listing for the purpose of just taking money from me. 

I wonder if Airbnb has caught on to this, which is why they are resorting to fake pages now. 
Indian media, and indian people in general don't care about international conflict unless india is involved. For example: The only time you'll hear ISIS mentioned by indian media is when they're talking about indian recruits, or when isis releases some statement about India.   

That said, the obsession with Sri Devi's death and staying away from the real issues (even the ones in India) is pretty accurate. 
Yeah its a shame we are not going to actually see it any time soon. It's 10 years into the future even by their optimistic estimates. 
Well they are finally planning a metro for that purpose.  
I don't think there's going to be strong winds like Ophelia, is there? It is just a case of very low temperatures and snow. I think its just a matter of being careful on the road while driving (and making sure you don't slip on ice when walking). There's a decent chance that it will be too snowy to drive around safely, maybe for a day or something.  

But apart from that, I don't think there's anything to worry about. 
The most memorable parts of San Andreas for me was when a mission was taking me to a completely new area. It just felt so amazing.. like I am starting a new game. The sense of exploration reminds me of the good old days when I played it for the first time. Like when we are supposed to drive the van full of weed into San Fierro, or driving in the middle of the desert and emerging in Las Venturas, or the exploring the various rural hideouts in several parts of the game. It was just an amazing feeling which I don't think any of the other GTAs have been able to reproduce.  
I think they are talking about the SW commuter line between Heuston and Hazelhatch. It's not DART though, you are right. 
I was asked to do the same by another agency when I first moved here, but I didn't have a bank account yet. They agreed to let me pay using cash/postal order in their office, for which they gave me a receipt. I got my rental agreement only later on the moving day.  

It was a little weird, but the agents seemed nice and professional, and they had a proper office and everything. I also did some searching around, and found out about PSR.ie, and verified that they were registered.  

You can have a look on psr.ie and find dublinlettings.com registered there. 
The ones who don't make a profit are probably too ashamed to talk about it. 
A free online gambling voucher in a college welcome kit? That just sounds wrong.
You're right, this doesn't seem overly unfair. Maybe the author himself was hoping to commute to pearse/st stephens from SW commuter line.
Looks like some graffiti dude. He could have been a little more creative though. 
GTA San Andreas was better for just random exploration and wasting time doing side jobs. The world felt so much more diverse with different cities and so much rural area between them. 
Source: AIB facebook page. 

It's always nice to credit the source, OP. 
In some ways, I was disappointed that we are not getting the underground dart connection in pearse and st stephens green, but it looks like this will move a lot faster (since the line already exists and utilises the underused tunnel), and we can finally have full train connectivity from city centre to Heuston to SW commuter line. 
Nope, thats the amount I'm talking about. That comes to 1.4 lakh per month in rupees. A lot of the foreigners who wonder if they can move to India don't work high paying fields like IT and aren't in very experienced people either (in senior roles/upper management). They're mostly younger people from other fields who wonder if they can have a fresh start and live comfortably here, so I always point out this minimum salary requirement first before people can consider moving here. 
The biggest issue with foreigners working in India: to get an employment visa, you need a very high minimum salary, by indian standards. This puts most jobs out of reach for foreigners. What foreigners generally do here: teachers in foreign (mostly American) school, tech jobs (senior roles), upper management in corporates, foreign correspondents for media houses, etc. 
Forget backlogs, companies will hire people without degrees also if you can prove that you have some decent skills (internships, side projects, etc)
Do you really think some poor cattle farmers have the ability to actually go online to sell cow dung? How will they pack it? How will they ship it? 
If you read the full statement, he says he's only talking about the rich and financially secure Indians. Not the poor ones.
Quick question.. is this really going to make a big difference? it's not like there was true democracy in China anyway, right? 
Start123.
That's really well ordered and organised for rush hour. 
Honestly, this looks like a really cool time saving device. The only problem is that it seems to have a very small space, so will only work for small quantities of food.
Some issues with your survey: you've asked how often do you workout, and never is one of the options (which is my answer, and frankly will be the answer for most people), and the following two questions assume that the person works out.  

The last question about importance of various factors in a meal plan: one of the most important thing for most people which is completely missing is taste.. Even for fitness enthusiasts! Don't underestimate taste, especially if you're trying to get into this as a business. 
Stuff like this should be standardized if we want electric cars to be more popular. 
Most of the london buses are hybrid. They have some electric, and even a few hydrogen fuel cell buses. And the hybrid ones have been around for 6 years now! I won't be surprised if London has the largest public bus system in Europe, so I'd say electric buses are going mainstream.
They aren't designed to let people while away their time sitting on benches. It's not a public square or a garden. They are only designed to let people browse different shops and do some shopping, maybe go to a theatre or food court or restaurant to eat. That's it.  

One big problem is that many indian cities don't really have proper public places where you can sit and chill without buying a coffee. 
Is it possible that you've just seen minor illness being cured naturally while the patient is consuming homeopathic "medicine"? The medicine itself does absolutely nothing, and that's scientific fact. 
I thought we were just talking about correct pronunciation, which is clearly taught in Indian classrooms (although in various different levels of competency across India).  
Just because two pronunciations are approximants, doesn't mean its right to interchange them. There is still the right way, and the wrong way to pronounce it. Like I said, it isn't important and it doesn't matter. Especially when it is a second or even third language to most of us. But let's not just throw away the rule book because the rules are lax.   

Listen, we have been debating about this for a while now. My final point is that in any language, there are rules on how to pronounce words. Without this, we would just be speaking complete gibberish where each word can sound in 3-4 different ways. I am just saying that there is a right way to pronounce words, and there are other ways which are sometimes accepted in many parts of the world, but not right. 

That's all I have to say. 
To be honest, it is a complete mystery why he took the Canadian citizenship. He lives in India, its not like he lives in Canada or spends lot of time there. I don't think people would give up citizenship for just the sake of travelling with ease. It is a different matter if you actually want to settle in the foreign country. 
I think he's free to choose and take whatever citizenship he wants. Citizenship isn't something you owe to a country anyway.  
What I don't like about Akshay's case is that he pretends to be this nationalist patriotic character in media, despite giving up his citizenship. That's what irks most of us.  
Ah yeah, You have to book well in advance, or during one of the many ryanair sales. I guess you can get a bus to Cork tomorrow for under 20 euros.. so there is a difference.  
Yes, I have studied, in CBSE English. 
And we are not talking about regional differences here. Indian people don't say wow like van. That is wrong, even in India. 
What is this hatred you have with upper class people? They speak fluently because they learned the rules properly in good schools and come from educated families, not because they made the rules!   

I can't say who made the rules. They're defacto. Just like spelling. You can't just point out one single source who decided how it should be spelled or pronounced. But it is defined. Just like spelling is.  

I am just saying there is a difference between right and wrong in pronunciation. You claim to say we can pronounce however we wish. 
 I now think you're confusing accent and pronunciation.  

But yes, there is a correct defined pronunciation. Just like there is a correctly defined spelling. It is why we don't say island like lceland or often like off ten. Maybe not everyone is aware of it, but there are rules to a language. You don't need to follow them, like I said. You don't question why some words are spelled in certain ways, do you? Who decides spellings?
wow = waʊ  
van = væn  
https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/van
https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/wow  
In both American and British English.   
FYI, correct pronunciation is also a part of correct language. It's not just a matter of speaking in a fancy way.     
Now you give me a source which says Indian English pronunciation should be different. 

But like I said, nothing is wrong if you don't care about it. 
Ironic username for a blind bhakt. 
This is welcome news for business travellers. 4k rupees isn't a lot if it means saving a couple of hours in travelling, especially if your company is paying for it. 
Of course it is! Republicans are backed by NRA, who are backed by gun companies. This has nothing to do with freedom and constitutions. This is gun companies just wanting to make more money. Imagine getting a government contact to supply guns to every teacher in America, at the tax payers expense. Jackpot. 
From Dublin atleast, the Ryanair ticket to Amsterdam is probably only a couple of euro more than the bus ticket to cork. 
Yes it is still wrong. We may have accents but pronunciation should still be correct. Nothing is wrong if you don't care about it though.
Looks like he ran out of Indian clothes to wear. 
If you are saying there is no single letter in English which corresponds to the 'bh' sound, you're right. It's not a big deal. Many language scripts don't have complete written equivalents for all sounds.  
There is in fact a special phonetic alphabet which tries to represent all sounds and pronunciations.. You may have seen it used in dictionaries and wikipedia pages before: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Phonetic_Alphabet
It is wrong to pronounce the w in wow as v in van. It is a very subtle wrong pronunciation, but it is wrong nonetheless. Everyone will understand what you are saying, but it will just sound funny.  

But all "w"s for all words are not always pronounced as "w" in wow, if that is what you are asking. English is not a phonetic language, and pronunciation is always derived from spelling. 
So he thinks food is a lot more expensive, probably has never done laundry himself since the invention of laundry pods. 
Many people don't really care about the difference, to be honest. Many are just happy to speak just enough English so that others understand us, and don't care about speaking it correctly. 
Because Hindi doesn't have two different consonants to differentiate it. 
Wtf. That's crazy. 
It's good that they are slowly moving Aadhar out of things like this. But I thought PAN was compulsory for high value cash transactions to prevent money laundering. I don't understand why removing PAN requirement is a good idea. 
I can understand why politicians and celebs would have fake followers, but why does the pope have so many fake followers?
Many people don't remember this. At one point, google plus had its own messenger app!
I don't even know if people really want this any more. If the movie theatre can skip this, they can probably extract another full show per day on time saved in these intervals. 
Happens in chrome when you edit a bookmark. Just delete it and create a new one. 
Intervals are a relic of a bygone era for most other movies. Where I live (outside India), they show Bollywood movies in theatres, and those are the only movies with intervals. 80% of the people in the hall don't even get up, while the remaining 20% just go to the toilets. It's weird to stop a movie in the middle for 10 minutes and just see everyone sitting around and talking about the movie.  

Atleast they don't show ads or anything during the interval.
My wife had I got this done 6 months ago. Our biggest mistake was we weren't even aware of this and we had our visa appointment booked. Her address was already verified when he applied for her passport (stayed in same place for 8 years), so she got hers on the day of PSK appointment itself. I gave all my documents, and mentioned to the officer that I have my visa appointment in a week. They said it may not get processed by then and I'll have to get it through the cops faster.   
My father paid 500 rupees to the cops and it took 4 days, after much calling and following up. Apparently, the bribe thing doesn't really help, atleast in Mumbai. It takes around 5 days in the police station everytime, and maybe 2 days in advance to get an appointment. 
Arey PNB, aap yahaan. 
In case anyone was wondering, 18k GBP is a shit load of money to spend per week, even in London. That limit means nothing.. he'll be able to do whatever he wants. 
You've been a bit vague, but if you are talking about the overcrowding, they have started rolling out the bigger trams. 
> If your gonna get food and bring it on the luas, please don't eat it right there and then. No one wants to smell your taco chips stinking the place out of it. Grow up.

This is not an unwritten rule. It is a proper written rule. You are not allowed to eat inside the luas. 

source: https://luas.ie/passenger-behaviour.html
> Please do not eat, drink and smoke including e-cigarettes onboard the tram.

I use an OP2 with LineageOS. Luckily for me, I don't take a lot of photos, so I don't mind the camera. Fingerprint scanner works, but is slow, so I avoid using that too.  
It works fairly well as a daily driver for me. I would have still preferred better software support from the manufacturer itself, so I don't think I'll be rushing to get another OnePlus device any time soon. 
Eh. Everyone boasts a little when advertising. If you have no real issues, normal deos work. 
Tell her you can't start dating anyone right now, and you prefer her as a friend.
This is Mumbai. Unless you are super rich or lucky, you're going to spend multiple hours per day commuting if you rely on cars or any road transport. Sometimes, I'd rather prefer to have more free time to myself at peace at home rather than being stuck in a car, even if I have to use super crowded public transport. 
Probably, but that's not a big deal for Mumbai trains. On average, someone dies everyday on those trains. 
Atleast Congress expelled the guy from the party. 
In general, yes we don't care about a lot of sports outside of cricket. Winter sports are probably unheard of my vast majority of the population. 
Do you have a lot of body hair? Consider trimming your underarm hair and pubes. It helps a lot. 
Nothing lasts if you don't have good overall hygiene.
It's not about people's choice and the consumer here. It is having a player in the system who has special privileges and isn't following the rules of inoperability. IMO, one of the coolest features of UPI and why I personally feel its such a nice system is how different providers can interconnect. It is not a walled garden like older wallets, where the receiver must have a wallet account in the same company for you to send money to him.  
And whatsapp is getting away with using UPI without providing this interoperability. I don't buy the beta thing either. This privilege was never given to anyone else. They are bending the rules, because they want someone big like whatsapp on board.   

Edit: It is obvious that Paytm has a vested interest here. In fact, they themselves were super slow to adopt to UPI and were a closed wallet "walled garden" themselves for many years, and now they are suddenly concerned about interoperability, which is weird. I am not a big supporter of Paytm here, but their argument has merit. 
I don't think there was any issue with reporting of the fees. This process itself was pretty standard, the only issue was there was no collateral for the LOU guarantee. And they kept raising more LOUs and more loans to pay off earlier loans. 
Maybe it costs less because they already own the land on half of the stretch because of Luas. 
I don't think you even need to go there. If he attacked police like this anywhere in America, he would have been shot. 
His complaint does have merit. UPI is supposed to be an open interoperable system, where funds can be transferred from any UPI address to any, regardless of provider. WhatsApp isn't providing this functionality. 
His complaint does have merit. UPI is supposed to be an open interoperable system, where funds can be transferred from any UPI address to any, regardless of provider. WhatsApp isn't providing this functionality. 
Good explanation here: https://medium.com/@deepakshenoy/how-the-11-400-cr-import-ponzi-scam-at-pnb-unfolded-a7bbcebdce79
Modicare is nothing like ObamaCare.
Two bitter realities about wealth divide: 

- it's actually far more expensive to be poor. Being rich gives you better options which are more cost effective in the long run.  

- it is far more easier for rich people to make more money. Access to extra funds for investing, access to contacts, access to professional help. I'm not even going to go into unethical practices like tax avoidance, just perfectly normal opportunities which is just available to rich. 
Are you serious? I just moved to Ireland about 6 months ago, and randomly chose bord gais as the provider because I had no clue how the electricity billing worked. 
Do you have any idea how much auto drivers make? You have to subtract the fuel cost and the auto rent from the fare they earn. It's really not much. 
You've added a lot of small cities in the route, you could have extended the gcc route to Muscat! 
Remember how just 1-2 years ago, randians used to make fun of "intolerance brigade". Ab dekho kya ho raha hai. 
Damn. It was a really good write up. Looks like their site is facing issues now. 

Edit: Author has published on medium too: https://medium.com/@deepakshenoy/how-the-11-400-cr-import-ponzi-scam-at-pnb-unfolded-a7bbcebdce79
It wasn't even a 1 time loan. It started out as a guarantee from 1 bank to another for Nirav Modi imports, for a much smaller amount. And they kept taking out new loans to pay old loans. Like a ponzi scheme! 
this article has a very good explanation: https://capitalmind.in/2018/02/pnb-scam-nirav-modi/
Are you also considering the types of guns available?
Any of the bigger outlets of markets like Tesco would have all this stuff. If you are focussing on only toiletries and cosmetics, you can even go to boots, which have larger selections but are a little on the expensive side. 
Wtf! He has a brother? How has he stayed away from the limelight till now?
The source Op posted said it's a scan. 
The source website OP posted says it's a scan. 
Is this a reputed website? Because that letter really looks fake. 
I am ready to believe that the whistleblower tried to raise alerts, and the PMO didn't do anything because they are close to Nirav Modi. However, that letter looks fake as fuck. Terrible english, weird mismatching fonts, they say its a scan, but it has colour and a totally white background which you never get in a scan. Also, it is extremely tacky to mention "he will run away like Malaya" in official correspondence like this. 
If the GOP had the guts to impeach him, they had many chances to do it. He could rape a few women tomorrow and the GOP still wouldn't impeach him. 
Your parents are wrong on this one. CS field is stronger than ever. The only problem is a lot of IT companies in India are involved with low end maintenance and ops work, a lot of which is getting automated.  
For skilled and talented CS engineers, there are plenty of great job opportunities.   

So you disappointed your parents are little bit.. Who cares. That shit happens sooner or later in Indian families. Our parents are masters in guilt tripping us and trying to control us.  
People are comparing this to Mallya. This is a massive attack on the banking system itself, not just a bad loan. These guys have tricked the system and avoided all checks in place which are there to ensure that international banking goes smoothly. This will have big ramifications. 
In any discussion regarding Aadhar and foreigners and NRIs, I always find people who are surprised to learn that foreign expats who live in India can also get Aadhar, and NRIs who don't live in India aren't meant to get it. So many people can't differentiate between residence and nationality.  

And after I explain this, people start complaining to me about why Aadhar is required for x or y, and then I have to clarify that I'm not a supporter of Aadhar at all. To be a good and effective opponent of something, you should atleast understand it properly first. That's another concept which sounds weird to many people.
Sugar pills? Your skin disease wasn't severe enough and it got cured on its own (or by general care on your side).
What secret? Many randians here are the ultra rich Indians compared to the rest of the population.
IMO, anyone who has finished college is an adult. 
Shaadi kab hai
As encouraging as this sounds, I have a feeling this guy isn't going to last long over there. 
Yes. Just take it one step at a time. Don't expect to get married in one week. First, get comfortable around girls. Next, make a few acquaintances, and then some friends. Just approach this as a way of meeting new people. 
Can you still volunteer? That way, you will get lots of chances to talk to someone about whatever you are volunteering for.
Just try once with any random girl, if totally ignored, don't try again. Don't try 2-3 times and all.   
Think of something to bring up. Maybe it might be about some assignment, or something else related to college work? Don't bother starting with all friendly topics either. You are on level 0 right now. 
Dude, you don't just message a random girl who you have never interacted with and ask for coffee. Especially not on valentine's day! Can you try making a few friends with girls first? 
What's the worst that can happen? Who cares what the girl thinks? Don't start flirting with them, but atleast try talking to someone. 
Geez, I thought I was a pretty sad loner before I got a girlfriend (and eventually got married to her around 5 years ago). But seriously, how do you guys manage to get to adulthood without even talking to a single girl? That's like master level. 
> social anxiety

staying at home all day is not going to fix that. 

> depression and OCD

Are you sure about this? These are well defined medical conditions for which you need proper treatment if thats the case. 
Why don't you try going to college then? I am not saying try to get a girlfriend, but atleast try talking to some. Growing up to adulthood without ever talking to a member of the opposite sex (who isn't a relative) isn't great, and will probably not work out very well for you in the future. 
Have you seen this co-relation in the prices in the past when there has been a price drop, or is it just a theory? 

Edit: I was asking an honest question. Didn't want to offend you. 
UP and Bihar is to India what India is to the rest of the world. They are in the India of India! 
I wonder if there was a drop in Jan 2017 though, since this growth is only for the month of Jan 2018. 
20k per month in Mumbai is a dream, if you want to live closer to work and need a full flat (if you are a young couple or something). 
In any really good area in Mumbai, it will easily go to more than double of that for just 1 BHK. 
Because Hindi isn't exactly native to this part of the country. It is sort of a very casual dialect spoken here, and you will find lots of people who don't speak Hindi at home in Mumbai.  
Shudh hindi has nothing to do with "poshness" or even education in Mumbai. 

Edit: I have to add... Slum living in Mumbai is not like slum living elsewhere in India either. A lot of slum and chawl dwellers in Mumbai are properly educated and have decent jobs. Mumbai is just a very expensive place to live on rent. 
Restaurant GST is on the sale of their food. Swiggy provides a different service on top of that.. to deliver the food to you. GST is required for swiggy's delivery charge.   

Although from your bills, it looks weird. Delivery charge's GST shouldn't be 10 rupees for 28 rupees delivery fees. 
You'll find examples of this in almost every part of Mumbai. I'm so used to seeing it, it doesn't even strike me as odd anymore. 
100 per day for personal use sounds like misuse. Especially with everyone on whatsapp and stuff nowadays. 
Dude, why do you want to send more than 100 sms per day? This only seems fair. 100 sms per day is a good limit to prevent misuse and spamming, but otherwise perfect for personal use.   

Edit: If you want to send SMS for promotional/business use, get an account from an SMS gateway company. 
> moral policing

Let's just start calling it what it really is. Lawlessness and violence, general thuggery. Let's not attribute the words "moral" or "policing" to such scum. 
This is the case in many scenarios, unfortunately. It's usually the mother in laws who give the worst treatments to their daughter in laws. It is the mothers who usually give their undivided attention to sons and ignore their daughters which contributes to the vicious circle of patriarchy and spoiled and privileged men.   

I am not blaming them though. The entire social system is fucked. 

Edit: I just remembered that NH10 movie which came out a few years ago.. SPOILER ALERT  
It showed this perfectly. Ultimately, the person who was calling the shots and ordering the honour killings and stuff was the mother of the family. This was obviously a movie, but that situation is not very far from reality. 
The one that springs mind first was when I first moved to Mumbai and was trying to find a flat with a colleague of mine. Previously (in Bangalore), I mostly stayed in college hostel, and two apartments near college which was filled with college students.  

In one Santacruz apartment, the broker was talking proper professional English and explaining the area, the flat, etc. He said very proudly that there are no Muslim families in this apartment complex. He didn't realise that I was Muslim myself, as he only had my colleagues name. My colleague just pointed this out, and he started stammering and making excuses saying that's not what he meant. We just walked out.  

Luckily, my colleague stuck with me and we got an apartment in Bandra, which was super expensive, but the people were much nicer.  

This was around 6 years ago, but happens very frequently in Mumbai still.
Sounds like your mom is jealous that she grew up in much worse times and things are slowly getting better for younger women.
I was traveling in Rajasthan in a tour car with a local driver. The guy almost always refused to acknowledge my wife's instructions, and I had to repeat them myself everytime. 
Sometimes, it's hard to see if you are living right there. You probably had a house and never had to rent. And if you have family and friends, the number of contacts negate the casual discrimination by others (like you will never have issues getting anything done or finding work or whatever).  
Muslims bachelors from other cities have a very tough life in many Indian cities. 
Same here. We are so used to listening to shit like this.  
Sometimes I feel like I have grown old too fast, and I just can't connect with people who are just 5 years younger than me. This is one of those times. 
Girl next door syndrome. 
The bottom line is many students are not seeing the value in education any more. People are getting post grad degrees and lining up for peon jobs.  
This education and jobs situation sounds like a chicken and egg problem sometimes. 
I'm not supporting our shoddy engineering, but there is a bit of survivorship bias here. Any British era bridges which remain today are there because of their superior build. If there were bridges from that time which weren't built nicely, they're probably not even around any more for us to see and appreciate. 
Goa will die without Indian tourism. That's a fact. 
Yeah. Move. 
Apart from gocar, you can also check Fleet and Toyota Yuko. Though I've only really used gocar. 
There's some fancy complexes under construction in D4, right? Or is it just more office space? 
You will probably end up in a not so great company, in a not so great job. If you have thick skin, you will be able to survive peacefully, atleast for a handful of years.  

The problem will start happening when you get older.. You won't get enough raises or increments (because really, your work and efforts don't justify it). Company might also start hiring younger guys and slowly start pushing you out. You will try to look for work elsewhere, but no one will willing to hire someone at your age and skill level. 

But all this won't happen if you work hand and improve your skills. If you are not even willing to do that, you will end up having a bad life.. if not in the next couple of years, it will happen further down the line. 
I guess most people voted for infrastructure and development. I hope so, atleast.  
It's almost as if cow slaughter ban was nothing to do with actual welfare and protection of cows! /s 
Life insurance and health insurance are two different things, you know. 
Or demonetisation.   
Or GST.   
Or any real issue, really. 
there are 14 types of Rs 10 coins! Can you blame the public for being careful and suspicious? How is one supposed to identify a fake when he has to compare with 14 real ones!
Ah ok. Yeah I guess specific to US, things are getting harder. But for skilled people who can get jobs, it's still easy to move to other countries. Personally, I know about Europe situation where it's fairly good. 
Oh. If you're just talking about moving as an employee, whats the risk? You can always get a job abroad later in life, right?
Yep. See, there's no hard and fast definitions of stuff like this, and what's metro vs mono vs tram vs streetcar. It's flexible, and mostly depends on language differences from country to country.  

Like, in some places, they only have trains and no other public transport, so it's not limited number of stops, and often have several stops within the city too. 
Bad root detection code. Just deny it. 
H1B is out of the question for OP. He is talking about moving as an entrepreneur. 
Yes, it's much harder to move on a permanent basis to many developed countries as a entrepreneur (you need to spend some ridiculous amounts of money for that). It's easier with a job and an employment visa.  

But it's not like any change is permanent, right? Take a shot at entrepreneurship. See if you like it more than working as an employee. If you don't, you can always go back to working full time, and you can try getting a job outside India (which will give you employment visa).  
Such questions always bother me because most people won't have online banking experience in more than 2-3 banks. People will just suggest what's the best in their limited experience.  
It's not like asking feedback about something which people change frequently. 
Modi is angry with Congress and Nehru because he has to distract public from his own government's failures. 
Nah. On the work permit side, it's atleast another 6 months. I am also under a 2 year contract with my employer (if I decide to break it, I'll have to reimburse relocation expenses).  
I guess I can wait. I'm not super eager to change jobs right away. 
Interestingly, I just got approached by a member of their internal hiring team in Dublin today. It sounds like they have open positions in Dublin. Unfortunately for me, I'm still in my first year of my work permit, so I can't resign. 
There are many differences listed here which may or not apply in all cases. I think the biggest differentiator is that metro runs on its own closed network, where as city trains share the lines and network of long distance rail. 
That's exactly what people mean by city trains. It's the same thing. 
You actually spent the night in agra! You're a braver person than me, and I'm an Indian!
Honestly, I got like an upvote a minute for the first hour after posting that comment. I didn't know this subreddit is that popular! Lot of lurkers here. 
What? No! Not in the least.  
Trust me, as an Indian with a muslim name, you guys are nicer to me that many people I come across back home!   
And from what I hear from Indians living in other countries (UK, Aus, US), the people there are easily more racist than the Irish. 

Edit: This may the fastest I've got upvoted, ever. 
What do you think has held us back in the last 50 years? Exact same shit. And every decade or so, you will find people hoping that next generation will improve. But it never does. To be honest, I have never seen more young people who are blatantly and openly communal. 
What degree? 
Yeah, I guess that's another thing. I don't freelance now, but when I was, I just started avoiding this kind of basic skiddie work which takes 1 day or less. I felt it was too much time and effort for a small amount of work and usually a pretty small pay. Sometimes, it worth waiting for slightly bigger projects.  
IMO, doing any sort of online work without down payment (or atleast milestone payments) is a risk. 
Yeah, it may not have been enough to actually find her in real life,  but may have been enough to make her uncomfortable. 
Maybe that person felt like she gave too much information, and she wanted to remain anonymous. 
If you're actually interested in CS and have the skills and talent for it, you just have make sure you don't get lazy and continue to work and learn. You're pretty much guaranteed to be successful. Unfortunately, even in IIT, you have students who are in CS who don't have the relevant aptitude or even interest in it, so not everyone succeeds. (I don't blame them. It's still much more easier to get a CS job as compared to any other field, so it attracts all students).  

You should still try to get into the best college possible. While it's not essential for success, it will give you a good jump start in the beginning of your career. 
There are many who are not very supportive of this kind of communalism (maybe just not in public, who knows), and yet vote for BJP, saying that they vote for "development" and against "corruption". I just want them to realise who and what they are voting for. Only then can we get serious opposition. 
Yes I agree. Although that takes some serious amount of investment and time. 
They tell us to stop paying attention to fringe elements. Elected MPs have started saying stuff like this now. Can BJP voters and supporters atleast admit that their party is anti Muslim now?
Yeah, thats a good point. I don't know what I've been hearing about then. Maybe it stops but no one gets down, and its too full for anyone to get in. 
Yeah I agree that it is only a short term solution. From what I hear, the green luas are so packed that its completely skipping stops in morning peak hours, and the stations are jam packed with hundreds of people.  
Any long term proper fix will at the very best involve months to fix (more longer luas with more frequency is coming in ̨March/April/May, and cross city started in December). Just in the mean time, and only for morning peaks, I feel it would be okay to run a small bus along the really crowded part of the luas lines to just alleviate the congestion. Or maybe running a temporary bus service isn't as easy as I think it is. 
I wonder why luas didn't hire a couple of buses which run along the crowded luas routes, just to ease the traffic in the mornings. A simple quick fix to the problem.  

Edit: it would be nice if people atleast told me why I'm wrong rather than simply downvoting. 
Probably they aren't delivered yet?
Basic lawlessness leads to people like these guys assuming they can get away with anything. Others didn't want to get involved because they were scared that those guys may cause some serious issues. There have been cases were shady characters have got people murdered because of traffic fights. 
Because of gerrymandering, people aren't getting the proper representatives who will listen to them and vote on issues like healthcare. The basic premise of democracy itself is broken in cases of bad gerrymandering. Only after that's fixed, can people actually get what they want from their government, like healthcare. 
This is apocalyptic. Forget Aadhar, why would anyone need any ID to visit a park? 


Edit: wait I just read the full notice. I think it's satire. 
Hmm I thought they already increased platform size in all stations already to prepare for the new longer luas. I've never travelled on the green line, so I haven't seen anything myself. 
Yikes. Need to check my bank statement. 
Talk to your banks about reducing EMI for home loan and personal loan. I have heard of people cancelling credit cards and converting it to long term lower interest loans too, but I'm not sure about this.  

Divorce alimony.. seriously, you should be really happy that it's 5k. If your wife wanted to really screw you over, it could be a lot worse. 
With that kind of money, he can invest in property in UAE and get permanent residency. 
I'm waiting to see the day when we get proactive in safety and infra planning, but I'm thankful that atleast we are appropriately reactive now. Level of expectation from any indian government is so low. 
No one is going to trust any packaged food item from UP if things keep going on like this. So much for development, eh?  

Also, if these fuckers really care about cows, I want to know how they'll go about mass producing cow urine without hurting cows. In fact, these people should be staying away from all animal products, including leather. 
It gets too hot in many places to wear two layers of clothing. Trimming or shaving arm pit hair is very effective though. 
Wonder why Oman is in this list. 
That's it. Throw the lot behind bars. 
Yeah I agree with you. It has terrible safety features. 
Aadhar can't be citizenship proof, even defacto. It's residence proof. Even expats in India have Aadhar. 
OP just asked for the cheapest phone, irrespective of specs. If you want to get subjective with hardware speed and all, then there can be many right answers depending on what he wants. 
Fair enough. As I suspected, they ask for Aadhar to simply link with passport, not as proof of citizenship. An immigrant with Aadhar can't simply apply for indian passport. 
That's gapps. I'm talking about Google play services. You can download and install that from apkmirror.. don't need to flash with the firmware. I think you can also update from play store itself.
If we're talking strictly about universal healthcare, don't you guys already spend some of the highest in the world in healthcare? Sounds like you don't need more taxes, just need politicians who'll stop taking money from the insurance and healthcare industry. 
Do you have the latest Google play services installed? Their last version had crazy battery drain issues. 
She may never do her homework again after that. 
I'm not sure what all documentation they take for passport application. Maybe they ask for Aadhar to link to it (which is another draconian linkage), but it's not sufficient proof to establish your nationality.
I can see how they'd let you enter airports. It is a proof of ID. Just not a proof of citizenship of India.  

Do they really give out passports to Aadhar holders without more documentation?
I'm with you there. I'm not entirely sure why we needed this new ID. 
What did he mean by that? 
Sorry I didn't get your point. Which protests? Again, just to clarify, I am in the anti Aadhar camp. But refugees and foreigners getting Aadhar is not an issue. There are much worse problems with Aadhar. 
Yeah, needed that BS gatepass from parents (or local guardian) if going out otherwise. Was Seetharam the warden when you were around? I hated that fucker.  
The fucked up thing was that for many of us NRIs who were studying here, the registered local guardian was actually the warden itself, so he had his own rules on when to issue gatepass for us. 
I agree with you. It's really fucked up how they are forcefully pushing it everywhere. Like I said, I am mostly against Aadhar.   

But back on this topic, Aadhar for foreigners and refugees is a non issue. And I don't think we should waste time and give attention to non issues like this, and we should actually focus on the real issues Aadhar has: poor security and data protection, forced linkage with several different services, etc. 
If that is the case, the issue lies with using aadhar as a proof for Indian nationality, which it clearly isn't, and was never meant to be.  

Aadhar is for all residents of India, whether they are Indians or foreigners. 
> be it Indian or an illegal immigrant can get an Aadhaar Card made without any proof of identity. More importantly, they get an Indian identity

I hate aadhar as much as someone else, but Aadhar was never meant to be a proof of Indian nationality. Foreigners are allowed to get it. So yes, immigrations and refugees are allowed to get aadhar, and there is nothing shady or illegal about it. Having an aadhar doesn't automatically mean you are an Indian. 
Doesn't exactly feel good when someone attacks your beliefs, does it, my Hindu bros? 
The problem is its very easy to blame people who don't use toilets, and comparatively easy to even construct toilets. Fixing infrastructural issues aren't an easy quick fix, which don't grab the appeal of impatient voters who want to see development in 1 month, or netas who need to deliver on promises within their term.  
This same issue is there with almost every big problem in India. They are real complex underlying infrastructural or systematical issues, which won't go away within a decade. All we can do is start planning and building the infra required or putting the correct systems in place. 
> I guess I was just glad that our exams were more than just about rote learning (at least until they had relative grading )

In many cases, it was. The part which I hated the most was those long complicated mathematical proofs in electrics and electronics subjects for even CS students. We had some notorious ones in second year engineering math too (some advanced calculus stuff). 
True. Students would have raised a big issue if something like this happened 10 years ago. We even fought the mobile phone ban openly, saying that students who travel to college need to have phones with them for emergencies. (This was ofcourse smart phones became popular and phones because the ultimate timepass and addictive devices they are today). 
I was around before it got deemed. To be fair, most of the issues I had were not with PESIT directly (except maybe their overly strict college hostel). It was more to do with the educational system and the university in general (which again is far from the worst in India). At times when I had direct issues with the college, we had raised it and many of them did get resolved (including firing of a college professor who was a relative of the management.. really proud of that one).   


All said and done, my years in PESIT left me with a severe distrust in formal education and completely demotivated me in life. Even socially, it took a major toll on me, and I really only grew up after my college years.  
Ah. Okay, I am from PESIT (the original one in Banashankari). 
First batch of the college ever? Dude, I may be old, but I'm not that old. PESIT has been around for a while.. even though it changed from VTU to a deemed University a while back. 
Lol. You have no idea about Indian politics bro. 
Any other PESIT alumni here? Man, I'm glad I got out this shit hole. You always hear about people reminiscing about the good old college days, but honestly, I hated my life for those years. 
It's like some of these artists have never seen Christian people in India in their entire lives.
It's not like you are in the middle of the desert. It's only US. You're probably not too far from some indian restaurant which serves pakora..
Mumbai metro had an amateur photography contest about a year ago. 
*knicker 
I'm actually pretty sure that the majority of the people moving out aren't even super rich. 
It sounds fucked, but is anyone else actually relieved that they returned it? I feel like if some amount of corruption was involved, someone would have hushed up the results and made sure the cops get the unsafe equipment.
It's not that simple. Society as a whole will run into serious issues. Some research says that poor sex ratio leads to more violent crimes, which terms affects the productivity and ultimately the economy adversely. It's all connected.  
It's not that people will come into a simple realisation after x years and repent. Because it hasn't happened so far. 
From what I've heard, your biggest problem is getting the medicine across the customs back in the US. You won't have any issues purchasing the medicine in India. 
Actually, if you read the article, it says that Berlin has only banned renting of full houses in airbnb. People are still allowed to rent out rooms in their houses. 
Landlords will stop doing this only if we stop letting them get away with it. You really should have reported it. 
I don't think we should use the word "chef" for these guys. They are TV presenters who make TV shows about food. They don't even call themselves chefs, to be fair.   

A "TV chef" would be something like Gordon Ramsey or Jamie Oliver, who are actually chefs who own restaurants and have worked in kitchens.   
To be fair, he never claims to be a chef (even on his own website). He has never worked in a restaurant, so he is obviously not a professional chef. 
He is at best a TV presenter specialising food.  
Sometimes, even going outside India doesn't help. I've seen Indian tour groups who eat nothing but pure vegetarian Indian food even when abroad. 
200 rupees for 500 grams! That's HALF KG! There are fruits and vegetables which are more expensive than this. (really fancy imported fruits and vegetables, but still). 
Zebpay is a easy way to get started and buy some bitcoin in India. It is also one of the oldest guys who deal with bitcoin.  
But it is not a proper exchange if you want to get into BTC trading.  
Ever tried trading with your local kirana? Kirana guy needs to make a profit. That's where he is getting his money from. 

Instead, go to a real market where you buy and sell from other traders. 
Yes, but is it definitively the best food in the world?  
You yourself said.. it's pretty good. 
darklordind...
First of all, you don't have any data or proof to back that up (but I agree that you might be right).  

Secondly, just because that is true, it doesn't mean that India is better than most first world nations in loneliness. If we want to just look at the US, there many things at which India is better than US. 
It would be news if it wasn't. 
Tokyo is actually a great place to live, cultural differences notwithstanding. It's clean, green, has amazing public transport, surprisingly lots of open spaces and very quiet too. 
Indians who move abroad get lonely, because they have friends and family elsewhere.  
Doesn't mean people who are born and brought up in other countries are more lonely than us. 
Probably the only really good answer here. Especially after jio entered market and crashed 4g internet prices. 
That's my point. Indian food isn't always objectively the best food in the world (even for those who have tried great Indian food). 
I like indian food. I just know people who have had good indian food and while they like it, it's not their most favourite food in the world.  

Even me personally, I probably like Arabic and Mediterranean food better than indian food sometimes. 
All social media does this. It's best to keep usage limited and not get addicted. 
Not really the cheapest or best value for money. Take both income and government provided services into account.. it's actually quite cheap to live in some developed countries.  
The only real difference is that cost of labour and manpower is super cheap in India. It's super easy to hire maids, servants, drivers, etc. 
Arguable. Matter of personal taste.  

Edit: Before more people get confused, there is a very big difference between having an amazing and varied cuisine, and objectively having the best food in the world. 
This is just scaremongering to reduce anti government sentiment on social media. 
How? That phone was never made or delivered. You can't even use it as a brick. 
If you are looking for something fresh, look no further than Demonitisation
That's a pretty big wtf for people living in Europe too, tbh. 
He just doubled both the numbers. 
yes, this is solely for 80c so I am okay with the 3 year lock in. I need to finish my 80c investments and I don't have much cash funds left in India. Thats why this issue. 

Anyway, I have already put in a request to withdraw my funds, so I will quickly finish that, and then contact my bank for the account conversion (and then contact the MF company after that to declare as NRO). 
I think because its easy to share momos. 
Pollution, maybe? You'll never see a girl in a car with that dupatta face mask. 
The only difference in first class in Mumbai locals is that you will be squashed and squeezed in with slightly cleaner people. The number of people will still be the same, especially during peak hours. The seats have a little cushioning, but honestly, if you can get a place to sit in Mumbai locals, you should just be happy you are getting a chance to sit. 
Thanks
Hmm. I thought might as well get it over with, because I'm not technically allowed to operate a resident account there.  
Also, I wanted to start investing some of my money in Indian mutual funds (because investment options in my local country aren't that good) and wanted it to be freely repatriable because I will need that money here in the next couple of years. 
Seriously not happy about LTCG. They could have excluded ELSS. Or maybe introduced 0% tax for all holdings greater than 3 years. I have a feeling this will have a bad impact on the market. 
It's sad. When we were on the cusp of the internet and mobile revolution, we thought that access to instant information will get rid of all this misinformation and rumours. It seems that shit like whatsapp forwards have just made things worse. 
So the repeated several tax frauds didn't do it for you?
Admittedly, he was a pretty great actor some decades ago, but the guy is a shady person. Not a man of stature.  
He got hold of agricultural land and claimed to be a "farmer" and diverted many of his earnings as agricultural income to evade tax.  
He was also mentioned in Panama papers: He acquired a shell company in Bermuda for tax evasion.  

And, even after all this came out, he still managed to get a PR role from the government for GST and tax compliance!   

Seriously, in my opinion, in a country like India, sometimes the worst thing you can do is be a tax evader.  

I guess diehard movie lovers still think he is some major hero in real life. There is a lot of truth in that movie dialogue: 

> Jab tak Hindustan mein saneema hai log chutiya bante rahenge ...
Hey, thanks for your reply. That's a relief to hear.   
Another thing I have been wondering about is if I should keep my regular bank account and open NRO+NRE in a totally different bank... just in case (I am not sure why I would need it). The only ongoing thing I can think of which is currently linked to my old bank account is a car loan. I guess that can also be transferred to an NRO account easily?

Also, if this account conversion to NRO takes time, can I simply withdraw and re-invest in ELSS with my regular account first? 
There's a reason why it's called potential and not skill. He should look up what potential means. 
I just don't understand why some people can't see that people can have different tastes. If I don't like something, chances are it's not because I've not had the real thing or given it a real shot... I really don't like it.   
I don't like the taste of fish or shrimp, and my wife constantly tries to get me to eat it. It's irritating. 
Yes, that's a helpful work tip too, if you work in a very email heavy organisation where you get a lot of automated email from many systems.  

Also, I really don't think anyone needs to keep email notifications on the phone active. Email isn't meant to be instant messaging. 

Needless to say, when it comes to a lot of whatsapp and pointless facebook stuff, the information isn't really required at all. 
- Mute and hide notifications family and friends whatsapp groups. Seriously, the distraction is almost never worth it. Tell people to message you directly if they need your attention.  
- On the same lines, disable auto media download (videos and photos). Don't need to waste time with stupid whatsapp forwards and memes.
 
- Remove facebook app from your phone, and unsubscribe to most facebook notifications. On the same lines as above 2 points. You can keep messenger on the phone for people to get in touch with you. 

We get way too much pings and notifications these days. Too much short bursts of mildly entertaining pointless information. Just get rid of it all. 
I am sure 3 month old babies don't have such sensitive toes. Seriously, how can seams of socks hurt you? Where are you getting your socks from? 
I think that's the one he tweaked. 
> Bhaiyya

I always used to use this to communicate with auto drivers, but when I moved to Mumbai, people told me to stop using it. Apparently, it is a mildly derogatory term for people from UP. 
Yeah, that one doesn't need to show the full. I guess they just wanted to visually show the total available capacity to date, compared to what all has been added every year (and what the cumulative value each year was). 
Its a cumulative graph. So the shaded area shows increase in that year, but height of bar is total amount. 
The maximum you can invest for which you can get exemption is 1.5 L total, across all instruments. You can obviously invest more if you want to, but won't come under tax exemptions (except PPF, which as a limit on how much you can invest in). 
Sadhguru is nothing but Ramdev/art of living for upwardly mobile 1.6 LPM crowd. Ramdev is the baba of the masses, AOL and Shri^2 Ravi Shankar is for middle class and slightly better off folk. 
Well, there isn't one perfect way which everyone should follow to save taxes. It really depends on person to person and what you want from your investment. Whether you want your money back quickly, whether you want some amount of risk for greater return as compared to zero risk. Based on all this, its a mix of ELSS + PPF or FD. For me personally, it is 100% on ELSS, because I don't want the money in short term and I am willing to accept some risk for better returns in longer term.  

My initial comment here was to just advise to stay away from agents who will simply cheat you into putting money into stuff like ULIPs, which give very bad returns, but agents keep pushing it because they get commissions.  
I didn't want to get into full detail about how and where should one invest to save tax. I expect people to learn and do some basic research on their own (it is their money, after all). I don't understand this spoonfeeding mentality we have sometimes.  
Inspite of all this, I think I did condense the general recommendation fairly well (PPF+ELSS+FDs)
If you are already bordering 18, you better make a plan asap. It takes time to sort out the paperwork and learn how to do these things. 
You don't need a tax planner to save income tax if you are on a fixed income (salaried person). Chances are he'll most probably be some agent who will put your money in some ULIP type scam and rip you off.  

Just split 1.5 lakh into ELSS, PPF or maybe 5 year FDs depending on your requirements and comfort with risk. 

Edit: Looks like I have pissed off some agent. 
He's just a local watchman. Sometimes they walk around making small noise signals to communicate with other watchmen about their location. 
It all depends on which state you are travelling in. Since you mentioned UP somewhere in comments...

Chances are you won't be robbed outright. Theft? Maybe be extra careful with your things and always keep them with you.  
If you have females in your group, then definitely not safe from general harassment. You might as well cancel tickets and take a flight, or even drive.  

But not all parts of North India are like this. Rajasthan is perfectly fine, for example..
Wow, I'm amazed to hear it has good weather. When I think of Africa, I can only picture unbearably hot unforgivable desert. 
My wife has relatives who were born and brought up in SA. Whenever they visit Mumbai, they get so amazed at how we simply walk around, especially in the nights. They are so used to living in SA, the women always keep their purses on their laps or slung around their shoulders, even in really fancy restaurants.  
And they are constantly amazed at how fast a city like Mumbai is changing. 
Problem with many Hindus is that their hatred for Muslims is far greater than their love for the country. 
Can Ireland import power if we have no land neighbours? Honest question.. I thought power transmission lines usually go over land. 
For a lot of non vegetarians, eating meat isn't a special treat for taste, like eating ice cream, which you can easily give up. It is part and parcel of our diet, almost like a staple. It's not that easy to give up. It's not like we enjoy seeing animals suffering. It would be like asking a Indian vegetarian to give up dal. 
That's what I said elsewhere in this discussion: its not just non vegetarianism to that results in animal cruelty. Unless one is a complete vegan, he is also complicit. 
Yep. Pretty much the same here. But I really get pissed off at "vegetarians" who think they are peaceful monks and better than non vegetarians because they just don't eat meat (which is actually quite a big number in India)..It's my pet hate. That's why i am so active on this discussion. 
I am just trying to say that eating meat is not always unethical. 
Apart from standards, some farms have a higher level which gives them additional certifications (like free range, grass fed, etc), which take much better care of their animals (which obviously results in much more expensive meat rather than mass produced stuff). 
In that case, I'd rather purchase my produce from organic "free range" farmers who keep their animals happy rather than completely giving up on non veg. 

There are farming regulations which set standards on how animals should be raised and kept, atleast in developed countries outside India. 
There are farming regulations which set standards on how animals should be raised and kept, atleast in developed countries outside India. 
I don't consider consumption of meat is not same as animal cruelty. It's the way of life. We are omnivores and we consume meat, so do other carnivores. But I don't think animals should be abused or kept in bad environments.  

If one really thinks that animals shouldn't be consumed, they should also not use any other animal products: No eggs, No leather, no milk, no silk or wool or animal feathers or fur, no honey, etc. Total veganism, in short.  
In fact, I consider vegetarians who don't eat meat and eggs and claim to do so for ethical reasons and for welfare of animals, but wear leather or drink milk happily as hypocritical.  

I have no issues with vegetarians who don't eat meat simply because they don't like the idea of eating the flesh of another animal. I can understand that. But don't consider yourself as a more ethical and moral person than non vegetarians, and don't think you are better than them. 
It's not just plausible. It is standard protocol and well known knowledge. 
Of course. They need to verify if your passport is authentic, and also make a entry in the system about your travel. 
There is a lot of frustration in being poor, especially in a developing country like India. You work super hard and get beaten down by corruption. You don't really have access to same opportunities as even the middle class. You can't even enjoy simple life because our country has poor infra and services. Being very poor in India is really sometimes quite similar to being poor in some of the worst and undeveloped parts of the world. They keep hearing promises from politicians every 5 years, but nothing happens.   

And they just see the middle class who live a much better life without working as hard sometimes. They see the middle class who just don't seem to care about the difficulties they are facing.  

On top of all this, I don't think we have a particularly civil society. Many people are downright rude and treat poor people like animals.  

Is it really such a big surprise when they have outbursts of pent up frustration like this?
I don't think you should start with newspapers, like some people have suggested, OP. They give you details of current affairs and sometimes partial or polar views of it, but if you truly want to understand, you should learn some basic civics first and how the various levels and pillars of different governments are supposed to function. It's actually sad that many people don't understand this stuff. 
If you have passion in something and you're really good at it, and it pays a lot, then you're lucky. Not everyone is, though.  

You have to be realistic and chose something which has a future and can support you. But only if you can actually work in that field.  

For example: I know people who aren't really that passionate in tech and computers but are still quite good in that field. Hence they're quite successful and use their spare time to pursue whatever passion they have. And we have all come across people who have their degrees but aren't good enough to even get a job in their field, or are stuck in some dead end job which they totally hate because they suck at it. 

If you don't even have the aptitude for something, it's a waste of time and money to go for it. Passion comes after that. 
Its okay if you know where to go and which bus to take, like for your regular commute. I am not sure if its useful to figure out which bus to take to go to some random place. 
Looks cool. Actually, now that I think about it, I might have seen this used in a few hotel room minibar, but may have just thought they were normal mini fridges. 
Huh. I've never seen or heard of this before. Is it any good? Do you get properly chilled water from it?
It says BBC worldwide. Probably means international BBC channels.
So we are just posting perfectly normal mundane Facebook posts by Indians now?
Ah. That sucks. This is giving me memories of my own time in my shitty hostel. I didn't even have a fridge. Kettles were actually banned, but most people owned one anyway. 
That's an interesting idea, except I am not a fan of instant soup (or any sort of soup, for that matter!)
Not so sure about price difference.   
But you are already adding 2-3 vegetables and sauces to the maggi (according to your post), how hard is it to simply store a packet of noodles wrapped in a plastic bag :P
Lol. There is a difference between being poor and being efficient! 
I use Next Bus Dublin when I already know which bus stop I want to go to, or which bus I want to take (just looking at times), and I use google maps when I want to know how to get to a particular place. Google maps is good, because I get options from different modes of transport. The only issue with Google maps is that they haven't updated the new extension of Luas yet. 
You can't taste the difference between freshly cooked noodles and instant stuff like maggi? It's like comparing fresh naan from a tandoor with stale bread! 
My general rule of thumb in these discussions: If you are adding more than 2 extra ingredients, you might as well replace maggi with proper noodles. It is not hard to boil noodles (and even add some readymade chinese sauces to it if you want to). 
eww
Dude, you might as well skip the maggi and use proper noodles at this point. It takes a few minutes to boil noodles. Or even better, just make some rice in a microwave oven (takes 10 minutes) to have with the thai curry.  
But then you will be left with 1 maggi without tastemaker. That's inefficient. 
> known to use torture during interrogations

Source?
How will they do this? That's the only question. 
Dude. Everyone else in this thread is talking about discipline and corporal punishment. Mirchi in ass is borderline sexual harrassment. That is not fucking normal. Does anyone else know about this?
I don't understand this. Why were you being forced to give your scale when you also had an exam? 
I don't have much recollection of my parents beating me regularly. But I remember two occasions:    
I was a pretty smart student, but for some reason I can't recall, I failed my second term math exam when I was in class 8. (Scored 80+ in other two terms). My dad whipped me continuously with a belt.  

On another occasion, I was being very spoiled and was refusing to eat the food cooked in the house. Got another similar whipping. The details are a little fuzzy here.. I don't know why my dad got so angry about this. 
Come on OP. Don't be so lazy. You can't walk for 1 minute to get an uber? It's definitely not half a mile. 
I can say 1 thing for sure. A very large percentage of Indians won't have any idea about turkey is even located on the map and won't know anything about it. Indian awareness of other countries are mostly of countries where Indians move to, apart from our immediate neighbours, and a few classic tourist destinations like Switzerland. You can forget about stuff like turkish culture and all. 
To be honest, I'm not a fan of parties where you invite everyone else to join in with your happiness. It seems very vain. Seriously, apart from you and your parents, no one really cares about this anniversary. 
Immigration used to be a lot easier, even just a couple of decades ago. It's the reason why you find so many Indians abroad in UK and US doing nothing more than working in grocery shops. Nowadays, if you don't have a skill which is in high demand (like programming), or if you aren't rich enough to buy investor visas (which are VERY expensive), or if you can't or don't want to continue your studies, you're pretty much out of luck. 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0876621/quotes/qt0498947
You are aware that he's not really a wizard?
Let's see. I have a review and increment coming soon. 
Anything other than lighting themselves up on fire would be breaking their own promise. Come on guys, don't disappoint. 
Sometimes you can find a group and join them. My wife and I also wanted to go but didn't want to shell out that much money. We met a nice Singaporean couple and split the ride. It was right at dusk, and the later half of the ride was in the dark canals lit only by street lights. It was quite nice. 
Huh. Looks like I'm slightly underpaid for a tech lead. 
Those aren't IT jobs. Even if they are positions in IT companies. 
You've just got around to having land, which was under the sea not too long ago. Forests don't grow that fast. 
Why is business such a bad thing? I know Americans have this hatred over large companies and corporations who screw them over, but do you really expect the world to function on a non profit basis, for good vibes and feelings? Shell wants to make money. And we should be happy they are finally moving into greener energy to do so. 
Madhu Kishwar's work is done. Doesn't matter if she deleted her tweet and how much she apologizes for the mistake, the word is out, and there is nothing you can do to stop viral fake news like this.   


Sorry if you hate it. You are still wrong. 
Ah yes I didn't think of that. A deposit from a few years ago would probably be far from enough to get another rental today. 
Making new friends and meeting new people is always a challenging experience for us. The part where I tell my name is to them is a critical juncture..  I wait and see their reaction after they realise I'm a Muslim.  
Personally, I don't even practice the religion, to be honest. But I still don't want to hide my upbringing and I am not ashamed of it.  

Fortunately, most of my friend circle in Mumbai and Bangalore are extremely liberal.  

We get second hand treatment in some professional environments nowadays (not too common in places like Mumbai or Bangalore though), and those who don't have a home find it very difficult to get a decent place to rent in some areas (very common in Mumbai). I can't tell you the number of times I have been refused a flat or as a roommate simply because of my name.  Many of the skilled and hardworking ones just end up emigrating (even more than non Muslims) after trying to live a decent life for a handful of years in India. I also took that path 6 months ago.  

The amount of casual discrimination and racism we face would be viral news if it was against a proud bhakt. 
You've just been waiting for this once you saw this post here, right?
Probably crying and trying to wipe their tears with two thousand rupee notes. 
Why aren't you getting your deposit back from the landlord? 
Bhai saab, aap yahan? 
Ayurveda is vaguely useful in some herbal remedies. Homeopathy is total and utter nonsense.
I am just clarifying that no one is berating OP for simply buying an expensive TV. My point is that eBay is the wrong place to buy expensive stuff. It may not be constructive for him now, but its an important lesson for the future cc /u/hazelhutbrah
Not just his mind.. in the mind of all his bhakts too. 
I really, really hope BJP gets their ass handed to them in Karnataka. Our country is fucked if that doesn't happen. 
Which is the aldi which runs stores elsewhere in Europe? 


Edit: Just checked wikipedia, looks like they both operate in different countries, except in US where both operate under different names: 

> Aldi's German operations consist of Aldi Nord's 35 individual regional companies with about 2,500 stores in western, northern, and Eastern Germany, and Aldi Süd's 32 regional companies with 1,600 stores in western and southern Germany. Internationally, Aldi Nord operates in Denmark, France, the Benelux countries, the Iberian Peninsula, and Poland, while Aldi Süd operates in Ireland, Great Britain, Hungary, Switzerland, Australia, China, Austria and Slovenia (Aldi Süd operates as Hofer within the latter two countries). Both Aldi Nord and Aldi Süd also operate in the United States with 1,600 stores as of 2017.[10] Aldi Nord is owner of the Trader Joe's chain, while Aldi Süd operates as "Aldi".


He isn't calling you chutiya for paying 2.5lakh for a TV. He is calling you chutiya for buying it from eBay. I'll never spend anything more than a few thousand bucks on ebay. If the vendor was any good, he would be in Amazon instead.
I use Netflix, but I don't like messing around with vpns. I just use terrarium to watch shows which aren't on Netflix or Amazon prime. 
The best use of it right now would be to build a block of flats in its place. 
I moved to Ireland 6 months ago from India. Back there, most of my friends had investments in mutual funds and few even had in shares. Some had in deposits (which would be similar to savings accounts here). We actually get tax deductions on many of these investments.  
I wanted to get started here, and I was asking around my colleagues and a few of my local friends here, and most are clueless about anything beyond savings accounts and pension plans.  

I just thought it was my friends.. didn't know this was a thing. 
Osama bin Laden was already a wanted terrorist before 9/11. Of course, terrorism itself wasn't big global news as it became post 9/11, so he wasn't like a household name. 
American english is not clean accentless English. That is what the biggest misconception is. People here others speaking good English without any heavy accent and they assume its American accent. 
Just a heads up. There is a difference between clear English without any accent, and foreign accents. I've seen people make fun of Indians who just speak good clear English without heavy accents.  
Yep. They have some pretty regressive views, even by Indian standards. 
Laws only work if people get caught and tried successfully. 
Understandable. Maybe the scammer was relying on zoho's relative obscurity to trick you into believing he is working for a professional setup, and also maybe to hide the fact that its a remote control application. 

Edit: Looks like join.zoho.com has a warning and even a way to report scammers. 

> Beware of hackers and ransomware attacks. Join support sessions only with people you know or you've requested for support. 

OP, if you got the scammers session ID, you should report it to zoho. 
Zoho is a pretty popular CRM/ERP software suite used by many legitimate businesses. Join.zoho.com is just a video conference app, one of it's functionality is to allow remote access to your computer, but only if you give permission, like many other apps out there. That was probably what the scammer was going to ask next.  

Perfectly harmless to go to join.zoho.com otherwise.
UP and Bihar is more a numbers thing, I feel. They have a massive population, plus general law and order is also quite bad.  
Haryana, on the other hand, has a real issue with the way its culture treats women. 
I don't even download those messages and videos from family groups or from people who usually send useless forwards. I have disabled auto media download.  
I don't even use an SD card, never had space issues on my phone. 
> a dream sequence where she romances that alauddin

There is no dream sequence. 

>  Is it okay if I make a movie about a woman whose bio matches your mother and turn her into a porn actress just because it's a movie.

Of course it is okay. If this was not okay, we would never be allowed to depict any mother in the wrong light in any movie, ever. 
For that kind of money, you might as well travel to somewhere in Asia to get it done. 
Their tongues must have got sore after the interview because of licking so much ass. 
People didn't have instant access to internet and entertainment in those days. Even TV was very limited. Bored people needed to do something.. going to meet friends was one such timepass.  
I'm actually jealous of older generation who could do this. It's actually got a lot harder for our generation to meet people. Just randomly going to friend's house without any plan or reason is sort of weird now. 
Last few months? That shit was popular when I was in college 10 years ago. It has always been around, but never too popular. No one does it for too long, everyone eventually gets tired of it. Even college kids grow out of it within a year or two max, and other people "discover" the "fad". 
Nokia 8 is still quite different from Lumia though. Nokia 8 is android and it's still supported with tons of apps and updates. Lumia is dead. 
You can just buy the readymade stuff from shops. 
You step out of Ireland for one week, and this happens. 
How can following a salad recipe end up in disaster? Did it include some complicated dressing or something?
Do consider the differences in costs of living. Dublin has some really high rents. 
Also note that this doesn't apply to all countries. In India, for example, everyone just uses savings account for normal payments. They also accrue interest. Current accounts are only used by businesses. 
I've seen cloth recycling bins in h&m and TK Maxx. 
Is he planning to cancel the next 5 elections?
Can you try with Firefox? Just to isolate the issue to safari? 
Way too little population to sustain an expensive high speed rail link. 
Maybe you aren't hungry enough to consider eating some stuff you don't want to eat right now. 
People can still do this. It depends on how addicted they are to their phones. I have friends who won't check their phones more than once an hour. I've tried to replicate this with some success. It's quite rewarding. 
That game is a classic case of a lost golden opportunity. There was so much potential with that game which they didn't simply harness. It should be a classic case study on how to not run any app business. 
Nothing is free, but atleast Europeans are getting it for what they pay in taxes. Unlike the US. 
The only question is which program. 
I hope 57% of those Italians includes the ones who work in their restaurants. Reminds of the Seinfeld episode..
It isn't all that bad. Ireland has very low unemployment right now. 
Kyun behen ke loude... GST and demonitisation is what affected every common man across the country. 
What's with the BBC logo and watermark? It looks like it's been added by someone else specifically to ruffle some feathers. BBC doesn't hire political cartoonists and never have cartoons or any form of satire like this. 
Keto doesn't mean you'll have to stick with chicken and broccoli. Don't you eat other veggies? There's tons of ways of making delicious chicken with spices and veggies. You can have butter in your food too rather than some funky oil in coffee.  

Are you trying some extra hard version of keto? All you have to do is avoid carbs. 
Nope. I am not sure about iris but thumbprints aren't unique. You can google it and find several articles explaining about it. 
This isn't a secret at all. You want proof? Just look at who is funding the channel. This is all public information. 
This isn't even a highly secret conspiracy. Almost everyone, including modi supporters are sure about this. Just no legally admissible evidence, so "clean chit". 
A large part of the media is also complicit with this.  

Also, i feel it's not necessarily true on all levels and areas of government, but it's certainly present in some states. 
Makes sense. I've heard of many contractors misusing the system, so this is required. 
Fingerprints aren't exactly meant to be totally unique. Didn't UIDAI know about this? 
Sorry for phrasing that as a question. I'm pretty sure there is a minimum salary requirement for H1B holders. It's currently 60k USD per year. They're planning to increase that to 90k per year now. 
Wider roads are never the solution. Cars are terribly inefficient ways to commute. 20% wider roads will lead to slightly more people using roads to fill up that space and it's back to square one.  

Mumbai should push their metro construction and also start planning more local transport in areas around metros. 
Why are these auto parts firms so scared to innovate and diversify into EV car parts fields? 
Isn't there a minimum salary for H1B?
Just have a word with your TL or manager and clarify what are you expected to do at this point.
Lol macha. You here too?
Lol. If I was his alt, I'd pimp his latest book (the fever one). Not included to even read that though. 
Around 120%. You'll be paying more that the cost of the motorcycle to import it. 
I have been following sidin vadukut for a while now. He writes humourous and sometimes thought provoking stuff. I've read one of his books (sceptical patriot) and usually read all his articles in mint on Sunday.  

He is on Twitter as sidin.
GPS data will really help in real time updates for buses and trains. You won't have to stand around wondering where your bus is. 
I think the Malayalam one is the most creative. I've never heard of indian Christians named Robert or Simon. John is a pretty common south indian Christian surname. 
First you explain how these donations go into tax coffers. 
Too late? Dude, you've just spent 3 years working after graduation. Trust me, a lot of your batchmates in Germany will be older than you. 
Arguably most important thing which Patanjali does to serve this country: paying taxes. And they're stopping that.  
So much for nationalism. 
Anyone else think this was a suicide attempt? Guy probably wanted to get killed in his sleep.
Yes. It's a well known rule within Islam that hajj is only compulsory for those who can afford it (and those in good health).   
Most middle class and upper class Muslims will also agree that the poorer Muslim community desperately needs more education and funds to aid that.   

And anyway, this "subsidy" was nothing but a small discount on air India. Most bhakts like to pretend all Indian Muslims get a free trip to the gulf every year. Far from it. 
One thing I forgot to mention about cash. Enable international transactions on your credit card and use it in all shops and merchants. It is generally cheaper than forex rates. I say credit instead of debit because you can file chargebacks on scam transactions.  
You can also enable international ATM withdrawals on debit card and keep it for emergencies.  
Some banks allow you to set custom daily limits and transaction limits on international transactions from netbanking. On HDFC, you can do this easily online, so I actually just enable it when I need it and then disable.  
You will of course need to take some cash with you from forex though. You can't rely on cards alone.   

Forgot 1 last thing: google about prepaid Sims and see which gives most data for cheap. I don't remember what I used but it was very helpful. 
Yes, that's pretty much what I meant. The sunni observance is generally a quiet private affair with nothing more than some prayers and fasts.   
The Shia commemoration is about a different event (the battle of Karbala which happened during Muharram), and they have public demonstrations and walks for it.  
Even if the story is real, the machine only cleans up 4 square miles of area. That's simply not efficient or good enough as a way to reduce smog in entire cities. 
You can try, but it's not going to work. There are many people waiting for that flat, the landlord has options. He will just tell you to get lost. 
Will share airbnb host information on DM a little later today.   
Ballpark figure.. I think it costed my wife and me around 1.5 lakh for two of us for a 15 day trip (which was 9 days in Italy as I explained, 2 days in Geneva, and 4 days in Paris. This is including flights and airbnb which we booked way in advance (more than 6 months in advance) to get cheapest rates, and also all tours from viator. 

Schengen visa: I already had a multi entry visa which I got for work, but my wife had applied via a travel agent rather than VFS directly. 
Oh. That's interesting. Have to read about this. Do you have any good articles about it?
I'd say stick to 3 main destinations: Rome, Florence, Venice as bases. 
You can spend 2 in exploring each city and seeing the local sights and attractions, and then take day trips outside the city.  
You can travel using trains (book on trenitalia in advance). In each city, you can take city passes which will give you unlimited travel plus free entry into many attractions (Rome pass, firenzecard for florence, venezia unica city pass). For some attractions which aren't there in the pass, you will have to book online to avoid massive queues. Vatican museum is famous for huge queues outside the gate.   

For accommodation, look at airbnb. I had the most amazing experience with Airbnb in rome and florence. In rome, we stayed with an young Italian couple with a 2 year old kid and a pet cat. The place was in a quiet suburb a little outside the main tourist places, but had buses to get everywhere. In florence, we got a massive apartment for dirt cheap, and the host was extremely friendly and enthusiastic guy.   

Just make an airbnb account, and look for places with very good ratings. Make a request by giving a quick introduction about yourself and your family. Just don't treat it like a hotel though. Follow the house rules very carefully and be extra polite. I actually took a packet of Indian sweets for each host and they loved it!   

Apart from the 2-3 days per city, you can book day trips. Check out viator day trips section for each city. What I did: 

Rome: Amalfi coast with positano + Pompeii   
Florence: Cinque Terre, Tuscany region.   

Smaller tours will be a lot more enjoyable and better than the big bus tours, although much more expensive. We also made a bunch of good friends from US and Australia who we met on these tours.   

Regarding food: Don't eat in restaurants near touristy places. They will be a rip off and won't be good. Walk around a little and go to places which have local people. Italy has some of the best food in the world if you are open to trying. We did a food walk in Rome which was one of the most memorable things in our Italy trip. Drink lots of espresso and cappuccino if you are a coffee fan. Don't miss gelato too.    

Thats all I can think of now. Will add more when I can think about it. 
Have you already planned an itinerary and everything? I can advise on that if you want. You haven't book your stay and stuff yet?
Education is a good first step. They should accompany it with free pads for girls in poorer areas. 
Your identity and culture is what you experience and grow from around you. Nothing says that Bangalore urban kids should compulsorily follow traditional Indian culture and religion to remain indian. Culture evolves.  

You're not so special btw. Almost every upper middle class urban kid in Mumbai and Bangalore is exactly like you. Except many won't even be aware of their caste. 
Fucking ban fireworks already. 
Both taxes play important parts in healthy economies. Don't know why you want to compare.   
But there are major issues with income tax collection in India which need to be fixed. 
How do you know someone's from IIT? 
Reading TOI comments is like hitting your own head with a metal rod.
:(    
That's depressing. Two lives ruined. 
Where I've been so far:  
Thailand, UAE, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Japan, Italy, Netherlands, Switzerland, France, UK, Oman, Ireland  
Will need more space and time to write about India travels. 

Where I want to go: 
Apart from a few small trips around Europe (thats where I live)..  
Turkey  
Jordan/Syria side of the middle east, before it got too messy  
Africa(not sure where to start, maybe Kenya or South Africa)  
US(want to start with NY region or California)   
Australia/NZ is another distant dream.   
Always wanted to visit HK before moving away from India, never got the chance.   


Where are you from? I didn't know tourists were interested in these parts of Karnataka. 
Why shouldn't it count? 
We have way too much carbs.. that much is obvious. In a typical Indian plate of rice and dal, the quantities of rice and dal should be reversed for a proper balanced meal. 
I think both are different issues, and both are valid. 
Bull fucking shit. This is just the usual nonsense "feel good about my kulcha" advise you'd expect to find from whatsapp.  
No one should have 2-3 cups of tea per day with sugar. Our nanis and dadis died early due to heart problems caused exactly due to our diets. There is no fucking season where fried food is justified.  
OP, we are the last people who you should enquire about visa requirements to enter India, since that's one bit of information we will never need. Try to contact the airline our maybe check in some travel forums. 
Lol, no. 
I generally don't always buy into the idea of very liberal and open immigration, but we deserve this from the UK after what they did to our country. Either that, or they should play a much bigger role in developing our country.
Alongside Shia Muslims. Most indian Muslims, who are Sunni, don't have Muharram celebrations. 
Visit a gyno. I don't think you can have unwanted 21s continuously. 
Seriously, who thinks of such headlines? I've generally been quite happy with Indiaspend articles and analysis, but comparing sales tax to health care is like comparing apples to apple farmers.  

Of course, universal national healthcare would be awesome. But it's far from reality. We don't have enough infra, enough doctors, enough funds, enough taxes collected (yes, countries with universal health care have much more tax collection per capita, or they have lot of national funds in other ways like petroleum). 
Trust me, if I had my parents in Dublin with their own house, I'd gladly stay with them to save up for buying a place. Don't care what others think. 
If it was that easy to predict the economy, we'd never have collapses. Entire armies of analysts and economists try to predict, and they're not successful. 
Which operator do you use? BSNL has started online aadhar linking for special cases like you (have aadhar but can't do linking because outside India or can't visit center):

https://gadgets.ndtv.com/telecom/news/aadhaar-bsnl-sim-re-verification-starts-for-nri-elderly-1795699 

Personally, I have vodafone on my Indian sim, and they have told me that government will exempt NRIs or make another rule for them, so I don't need to link now. 

Also, technically, it is not legal to operate a resident Indian account once you are an NRI (though most NRIs just use it for some time after moving). You have to contact your bank online to get it converted to NRE/NRO account. 
Those will be the people who migrated to Bangladesh (erstwhile Pakistan) and left their properties in India. 
I'd say most employers care about skills and experience rather than degrees. The exception is some of the bigger firms with standard HR policies.  

But do a bit of research about digital marketing field in India and the job market here. Personally, I have observed that there are too many people in this field (relatively easy and low barrier of entry, and initially lot of opportunities due to startup boom). and the pay is also quite less. The people who succeed in this field are those who combine their digital marketing skills with other skills and experience in other verticals to get more senior jobs. 
They did seize a lot of his own property and start auction on it already. What I am saying is that it is nothing to do with the enemy property act.
Dawood's stuff won't be here, because he still has relatives in India who are custodians/owners of his property. This is about people who used to live in India and moved to Pakistan after partition. 

Edit: To clarify, Dawood's property is seized and auctioned off under different rules. He doesn't fall under the rule discussed here because he has family in India. 
There's several high value properties in places like Mumbai and Delhi which are locked out because of this. Glad we are finally getting it in the market, merely 71 years after partition! 
NRIs are exempt from linking their indian numbers with Aadhar. I didn't have the news article with me now, you can google it. 

Edit: 
http://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/nris-exempted-from-linking-mobile-connections-to-aadhaar/story-B5B6SevsbuRs9Hxmtw6wsK.html



It's not as organised and common as Chinese tour groups. 
Depends very highly on where to want to live, and how you want to live (with roommates, flatmates, etc). Rent is by far the biggest expense, and it can easily triple depending on just the area in Mumbai. 
They can't afford to deport all H1B employees. Several big tech companies will run into issues and resource crunch. But the visa system currently is broken: it allows cheap contractors in, where as it's only meant to be for jobs which they can't find suitable number of American employees for. 
Convert to postpaid on minimum plan. You can also activate basic international roaming (costs around Rs 250 or 150 per month for Vodafone India and Airtel) for just recieving SMS and OTP. Trust me, you'll need it for atleast first few months. Just be super sure you deactivate data and don't make or even recieve any calls on this sim.  


Apart from that, there is also a facility to freeze a postpaid number when going abroad for extended periods. I never tried it because I actually wanted my number active. 
Not here for hookups is usually just mentioned on profiles for plausible deniability in case some one who's not meant to find you on tinder finds you there. You have to remember that as a society, we are still quite regressive and haven't opened up the idea of premarital sex with people who find using an app.
Honestly, wait for SC decision and till it's absolutely necessary to share Aadhar with any company or bank.  
I have only linked it with my pan card and passport office so far. I've told my bank and mobile phone operator that I'll only link one week before deadline.  

Apart from this, set up biometric lock. Start using the new temporary virtual ID system (after its out) and then don't share Aadhar with anyone at all. 
International roaming is insanely expensive everywhere (except in some special cases like EU Sims within EU). No sensible person uses it. You either get a local temporary prepaid sim  or you survive on WiFi. 
A lot of people believe that CDNs don't violate net neutrality principles, though not everyone has the same view.  
Personally, I think as long as Airtel is not giving unmetered or unrestricted access to Netflix, they are in the clear. 
~~Why though? What is wrong with our current passport booklet? Honestly, it may be one of the few Indian things which absolutely no issues.~~

I just read this: 

> A few passports will also turn orange. Those who require emigration checks may be issued passports with an orange cover to speed up the process at the airports, officials say.

Fair enough. A very small percentage of passports have ECR. I still think orange was a weird colour to choose, but eh, don't care too much about it. 
Fair enough. I am with you on that. 
Why the change in colour then? 
~~Fucking pathetic. I have no more words~~

Just read another detail which explains in a little more detail. This is only for ECR passports, for faster processing in the airport. Only a small percentage of passports are ECR. You get a normal passport if you have a college degree, for example. I guess it is some reason. 
There's only so much you can experience in a vacation, really. You can't really fully experience living and learning about the local culture. Not to mention, moving abroad to a place like Europe also allows you to travel to other countries very easily. Personally, I am living in Ireland, and I went to London last month for a handful of days, and I am going to Netherlands and Belgium next week.       
And I am not even sure what one loses on this front (apart from being around family and friends).  It's not like you suddenly lose your Indian upbringing and cultural learnings. You don't just become a baby.  


But I can see how its not everyone's cup of tea. Like, some people like the comfort of being at their home country more than anything else. That's also perfectly okay. I don't really buy into the whole "run away from India to solve all your life's problems" view either. 
Stuff happening in India affects NRIs. Remember that NRIs aren't always permanently settled outside India forever, and most of them have close families in India.   
Don't confuse NRIs with Indian origin foreigners. 
That's the fun part of it. Opening yourself up to a new culture and new experiences.   
I guess its not for everyone though. 
Depends on the airline. I think they'll allow, but the cabin baggage space is pretty restricted. You'll risk breaking the glass if you keep it in overhead compartment as someone will try to put their luggage on top, due to space restrictions. 
Consider moving elsewhere in the suburbs and commuting. If your office hours are unusual, you could even use trains apart from the extreme peak hours. I guess even driving isn't a bad option, but I have no idea about the traffic situation in that part of Mumbai.  

If 1 bhk works on the same budget, you can try looking around Dadar and Bandra. If you need a 2bhk in that budget, you'll have to move further north or maybe east. I don't know much about central suburbs. 
Compare other service charges like usage of cards. As far as I know, there's no issues with Kotak atleast.   
It's marginally better to park money there, but you won't get any serious returns. I think you're better off just choosing a bank which is convenient in terms of location and maybe existing relationships, and of course what features it provides on their netbanking portal (I feel this is the biggest differentiator). 
He looks like he has to go to work to a job he hates early in the morning, after waking up with a severe hangover. 
Honestly, I tend to leave groups even before they graduate to bigotry. No time for all that spam, honestly. 
If they are all encounters which are essentially extra judicial killings, none of these people were convicted criminals. Is there no need to actually prove who is innocent and who is guilty any more?
This doesn't look good from any distance. 
Much development. Also, 63% upvotes right now.   
Keep at it, bhakts. With you guys in charge, the only way we can improve the country's reputation is hide our shit in shame. I've lost all hope of issues actually getting fixed now. 
I'll repeat what I said [last week](https://www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7o90au/india_is_well_on_its_way_to_be_a_global_power/ds7wbr5/)

> Sometimes, I wonder if regular mental masturbuation material like this is what is keeping most "nationalists" happy instead of waking up to reality of country and outraging and demanding more from their governments.




Some good suggestions here. I also like to buy good ground coffee online. Blue tokai sources beans from various indian farms and grinds it according to your requirements (type of brewing method), and delivers it to you. It's some very high quality coffee. 
Oh. If that's the case, this is disappointing and useless. I was initially a little surprised and impressed by UIDAI's solution (in theory), but its pointless if there will be exceptions to the rule. 
A resident account has to be in rupees.   
Certain non resident accounts can have euros, but they cannot be deposited within India. They can only be transferred from abroad.    

Here is what you can do. Convert your euros to rupees in a forex shop. You will need to show your passport. After that, you will need to figure out how to open a normal bank account (not NRI) to deposit this cash, and for your employer to transfer your stipend to.   

You can simply use your international card in ATMs and POS (if your home bank account allows international transactions) instead of converting euros to rupees. 
Admittedly, this is super late, and should have been implemented before aadhar details were leaked, but after a brief read, this looks like a pretty decent approach.  
This means that no one will be allowed to store your aadhar at all. They can at most authenticate you once. Is that right? If that is the case, doesn't this solve aadhar's privacy issue too? 


Of course, in practice, this adds more complication for those who aren't connected to the internet. 
I don't buy the pollution excuse people are throwing here. It is just a bad habit, maybe formed because of comsumption of pan/pan masala/tobacco.  
I've been to some dirty disgusting heavily polluted dusty places, but I have never had the urge to actually spit. 
Really? I've never had the urge to spit, no matter how polluted it gets. 
Is ISCE better than CBSE? When I was growing up in the gulf, the best Indian schools were CBSE (delhi board). 
Obviously, people can do whatever they want to in private, even in government run institutions. We are only talking about what they do with students. 
I think this is going into a little extreme territory. Celebrations should be fine. Otherwise, one can say that no government employers should have company events based on religious holidays for their employees.  

Celebrations don't need to be overtly religious with prayers though.
I wonder if psychologists in the near future will look into their patients minecraft worlds to more insight into their minds. This stuff is a goldmine for them. 
I am sure medical depression plays a big part here, but I imagine a large chunk would also be parents setting very high expectations on their kids and driving them to perform from an extremely young age, which of course, doesn't work for everyone. 
What heat wave. It's fecking freezing. 
I had just 1 rupee refund after filing IT returns. Not sure why. 
I always carry a plastic bag with me in my work backpack, and we also carry a few good bags with us when we go shopping. Most cashiers still get surprised when we refuse bags and pull out our own bags. I think plastic bags need to be more expensive to encourage re-use. 
I would have very happily paid 1500 for it about 6 months ago when I was looking for a place to stay. 
No one said it's admissible evidence to pin something on you. It just says that you can't expect the contents of your trash to be private, and hence you can't sue someone for going through your trash. 
Might want to get that checked out, bro. 
Many hindu Indians won't eat pork either, so will Jews. Not to mention vegans and vegetarians. I've come across Christians who stay away from pork. This isn't just anti-muslim. This is anti 'everything that isn't us". 
You haven't met enough young people. I wish we could just grow out of our conservativeness but it's not going to happen that way. 
Ranjana is more of his older style, but I think his music is evolving. His old style works with serious movies, and he has adopted to other moods too.
There's no way he's ever making any contact with Trump. Just google what Trump said about his dead mother. 
It's not the fanciest area in Dublin, but you'll be safe. Just don't do anything stupid. Taxis should be easy to find in most areas, but keep Uber and MyTaxi apps handy (there is a 2 euro app booking charge though). Honestly, unless you guys really don't mind spending the money, you could also take the bus, the luas (the local trams) which is only 1 block away from your hotel, or even the trains if you are going a little further away from the city centre (connolly station is also very close your place).   
Actually, if you just consider the amount of transit options, I think your location is pretty damn good. 
Sorry, man. I hate to say this, but this is probably the reason why the landlord allowed an unmarried couple to stay: they knew that the area was unsafe and were probably not getting any other tenants to stay for longer periods.  
Don't give up hopes though. When I lived in Bangalore around 8 years ago, one of our friends lost her wallet and phone, and cops actually found it. A few of us went to the police station to collect it. They were very nice, in fact.  

Remember to inform your clients/managers ASAP about this, too, especially if they are waiting for your work. They should be understandable enough to give you some extra time to catch up with the work. In any case, their IP (if any) was stolen, so they need to know. 
It's actually pretty common to have padlock locked houses for older houses without newer doors and locks. 
Oops. I was still thinking about east. Isn't north west of ballsbridge just the city centre?
So ringsend or irishtown? That's not bad. 
Maybe because of the typo.  

Edit: it has plenty of upvotes now.
This is tricky, because most old people don't want to move, especially to a brand new country and a new environment, leaving their old homes and family and friends behind. 
Huh? I think you replied to the wrong comment, bro. I don't have that quoted text in my comment. 
I have some consolation..I have two siblings, who I'm hoping will give my parents company. One of them is already married and settled in a city close to my parents. The second is also married, and planning to move closer to parents.  

It may sound a little selfish, but I really don't want to move back. My parents and I have very different views on religion and life, and they still like to impose their views on me. I cannot live with that. 
Most gaurakshaks just hate Muslims. They don't give a shit about cows. 
Most of us here have no idea what those acronyms mean. It sounds like you need to talk to a professional or someone in your same situation. 
Why do we need a unifying language? What's wrong with our situation now?
For anyone else, I would have strongly advised staying back in the US. But you have a very successful family business. Though, have you asked your wife what she wants?
You get instant upma and Poha mixes these days. Just add hot water. They are pretty decent.  
Alternate with toast with butter or jam, muesli or oats, eggs, etc. Breakfast is easy. 
Tell you what. Remove Bangalore, Mysore and Mangalore. It will still beat UP in social parameters like sex ratio and literacy. 
Not sure. My parents seem pretty liberal with it, maybe it's just because they use it on home on WiFi. 
I usually use imo to do calls and video with my parents in Oman. It's mostly okay. Sometimes the lag is too much. 
Is the vlogging scene really big here? Haven't seen a lot of Indians or Pakistanis into it. 
You fucked up. Get a lawyer, go to court, pay fine. They will probably not put you to jail because you didn't hurt anyone.    

And don't expect to be excused because you were only a little above the limit. Above limit is above limit. On indian levels, more than one pint of beer is enough to go above the limit. I'm not saying you were blind drunk. But that much alcohol is enough to delay your reaction time and impair ability to drive. Where I'm from, the breathalyzer catches you even if you had a heavy drinking session the last night and had a good night's sleep. 
Because other vehicles are actually allowed to use them in some cases. 
Are the images stretched? If not, the fonts and images look weirdly stretched out
No, he won't. He broke law on American flight. Will be tried and jailed in America. People aren't simply deported at all times. 
Oh wow, yes. I never realised how they are essentially the same thing. Lol. 

I guess frankie is a local brand/chain of kathi rolls. 
He deserves it. 
Yikes. That's scary. My wife got a small glimpse of DVT when she was recovering from an ankle fracture. It's not nice.  
I've heard of people actually dieing after long flights due to DVT issues and clots. Scary stuff.  
How long was that flight?
I feel like this area is overcrowded now. Too many sellers selling stuff with next to zero or even negative margins (to get reviews, ratings). 
I feel like this isn't suitable if you live in a city and don't want to move around a lot. 
Very common in Mumbai. It's a roll made with fried rotis, with various types of fillings. I'm not a big fan, to be honest. Never liked it. 
You can only launder money if you have black money to begin with. 
The difference is Kerela took action and shut the schools down. 
Even 201 was very popular in those days. I was a 201 regular for a few months when I had a temporary office in Koramangala. But I guess uber was not around in those days, and even ola was not as popular as it is now.  

Maybe even the metro has made a dent. 
It's a fine balance. I try to have a few small sips every hour.   
I also try to head to the bathroom on ground before boarding.  
For flights which are 5 hours or less, my target is to not use the in flight bathroom at all.  

It's one of the main reasons why I hate long haul flights. It's just to cumbersome and painful to get up from your seat and use the in flight bathroom. 
4 is too less to have a proper group activity outing, I feel. Maybe just drinks and dinner? If you want to do something more interesting, and if people are interested, you could go for a play or a local concert. 
When I used to live in Bangalore 6-7 years ago, the AC volvo buses were immensely popular. They were always packed! What changed?
Sometimes, I wonder if regular mental masturbuation material like this is what is keeping most "nationalists" happy instead of waking up to reality of country and outraging and demanding more from their governments. 
When 2020 finally rolls in:   
Wait till 2022.   
And then, wait till 2200! 
Fair enough. Also, I just realised who you are. What happened to your old account?
If you're talking about Sanskrit and how it's usually said that it's very suitable for programming..   
Scripting is more about a how simple a language's grammar and syntax is. It has nothing to do with how difficult it is to write. 

If you actually meant printing/writing when you said scripting, not programming, you may be on to something.
I'm not a fan of overpriced cinema food, but if they start allowing outside food, I feel the movie tickets will get pricier.
Yes, dude, I agree with you. Hence the second part of my comment. I don't mind paying, except I feel like I'm not getting enough returns for it. 
This is how taxes are meant to work. The problem here is that the non salaried are almost always dishonest with their taxes, and ofcourse we always feel like we're not getting our money's worth in terms of stuff provided by government in return for taxes. 
See. Once you force 1 token of nationalism, there is nothing stopping them from shoving more stuff.  

I feel like you're trying to complain to Paytm. Nothing is going to happen ranting here 
The big problem is there are people who prefer governments who are anti some sections of society and some communities. 
Honestly, you could have a seperate askreddit thread for just second hand car inspections. There's so much to look out for and to check. I feel the best thing to do is to go with a professional who'll inspect the car properly.
If the equipment is any good, they should bring it to our cities to fix our roads. 
And no, you can't say... well, opposition was corrupt, so we can do whatever the fuck we want and point fingers.
They have actually caught and arrested the people. And you still want proof? Dude, how deluded are you?
They aren't unidentified. I said shiv Sena because they are followers of shivaji, but apparently, they're from another local outfit. 
I'd rather have that than a government who are anti dalit and anti Muslim. Seriously, I'm depressed that that's the choice we have, but that's how I'd go.  

And please, please, get out of this mindset of simply finding faults in the last government to justify everything this government does. 
Dude, SS people came and starting attacking peacefully demonstrating Dalits (this demonstration happens every year). Violence breaks out because of that. Where is congress in the picture here? 
Here's another pattern for you: Maybe BJP is just anti low caste everywhere. 
60% upvoted. In fact, this is the first time I am seeing any post over here related the riots and violence happening in Maharastra. I was wondering why it took so long to catch /r/india's attention. Some active downvoting going on. 
Yeah, true, that's a no brainer. I was just telling OP its completely up to him and his circumstances, and there is nothing objectively wrong here. 
OP, you should know that Anant is suffering from severe sinusitis from a very young age. I am not a fan of the ambanis, but he is suffering from health issues which hampers his speech.  
Okay how? It's not illegal, if that's what you are asking. If you have sufficient money and reason to quit, and are confident of getting another job, you can quit. 

But being unemployed gives the potential employer an upper hand in salary negotiations when you are getting the next job. If you are employed, you can always say this salary isn't enough to justify a switch. If you are unemployed, you need any job to pay the bills (if you dont have enough savings or alternate sources of income). You will be willing to take up a job which you may not even like, or pay maybe even lesser than the last job, if you have been looking for too long.   

So unless you really can't continue working at your current job at all, and are even ready to unemployment and harder salary negotiations and maybe getting another job you don't like, its not advisable quit. Too many variables for us to decide. you have to think and make your decision. 
You have to pay a deposit to get the tablets. Don't know what it was before, but this deposit rule has been around for atleast 6 months. 
Not to mention, Australia is actually fairly close by. 
Most cruise ships are registered abroad in tax havens. It's a standard practice. 
OP, don't confuse corporation tax and sales and services tax. 
Fair enough. I guess every house snatched up is either a tenant who leaving the rental market, or a landlord putting a house in the rental market, so it is progress. 
What I don't understand is why construction isn't picking up, when housing and real estate is clearly a lucrative business to be in right now. 
No need for appointments or any documentation? Just walk in and pay for a shot?
I met an acquaintance at a gig in a local bar. We were joking around and laughing the entire night. Got pretty drunk too.  
Both of us happened to live nearby. Generally, around here, if it's really late in the night, it's not unheard of to crash in a friend's place instead of heading home if you live far, which can be unsafe.  

So after we stepped out of the bar and walked to her place, she asked me if I wanted to come upstairs to her place, I just said "what's the point? I also live right here!". She just giggled and said good night. Took me a while to realise she already knew where I live and what she was asking me. 
Subtle. Why do girls play such mind games?
Guys, I've only moved here around 6 months ago. Never had any interaction with the medical community yet (apart from registering for health insurance). How do I go about getting a flu shot?
Yes. What's your point? Even bombardier's engineering centre for aerospace is located in Bangalore itself. 
Are you using Google's vpn-reverse-tether app? You need to specify the DNS servers in the forwarder command's arguments.
Some of the Indians who aren't that exposed to a lot of media and the outside world really won't be aware of homosexuality. It's never talked about or mentioned in more traditional families.. it doesn't exist for them. But they've seen a lot of "third gender" people, so they think that's what gays are.
Did you mean to say playing firecrackers with monkeys?
Anywhere else in India, this would be amazing news. The amount of political PR something like this can generate is immense. But now, only complaining.  

Guys, companies like Boeing aren't stupid. They don't invest 1152 crores without doing their research. There must be good reasons why they chose Bangalore. We should be grateful that some high tech industries are even choosing India. 
This homeopathy nonsense is crazy popular back in my home, India. The worst thing is even the government there recognises "alternative medicine" qualifications, and homeopathy is part of this. 
You also have airlink by Dublin bus from the city centre. It may be more convenient depending on which pick up point is nearby. Marginally cheaper too, I think. 


Edit: never mind. Airlink doesn't start that early. 
If only it was that simple. Most problems are incredibly complex and interlinked and takes ground up infrastructural changes which takes decades to show results. Basically, there's no quick fix. 
Deleted comment. 
Fair enough. Deleted. 
Because there are way too many issues with this country. A train delayed by a couple of hours is the least of our problems. Can we do to fix even one small problem, really?
The entire setup to that was amazing. What a thread it was. 
You can't simply transfer money outside India like that. There's a lot of restrictions on who you can repatriate funds to, and for what reason. In OPs case, he'll probably have to restructure his entire employment into a contractor agreement, and also need a proper company setup in Nepal. In short, too complicated. 
Majority of the world is like that. Most of the older indian restaurants in Europe are indian + Arabic restaurants. It's all the same to them.  

Though, newer age restaurants are more authentic and generally represent only one region. 
Who uses those medivial things nowadays? 
🍅
It's not my first reddit account. This one was specifically made when I deleted my old account when I realised I had disclosed too much personal info. 
Whichever is cheaper and can get to me more quickly. There's not a great amount of difference between the providers, atleast in Mumbai. Exception was TFS, with whom I've always had bad experiences. 
It may not totally legal, but I don't think they'll come after you if you're not using the information commercially. If you're using it for a business, play it safe and get professional advise. Also, have you had a look at data.gov.in? It has several data sets and APIs given out with explicit licenses. 
Gold never gives good returns as compared to good mutual funds and ETF. Most people only invest in it as a safety net when compared to riskier investments. It's never invested in for its high returns. 
If this is the condition in a Mumbai suburb, forget about rural areas. 
At the end of the day, as a currency, it should hold a stable value, and you should be able to buy and sell stuff with it. That itself is being a problem. 
Difference between house and BTC:  

I admit that real estate investment is also subject to speculative price increases, but real estate also has other fundamental value: you can rent it out, or have a place to stay for yourself. It's this value which driving its price, not just mere speculation.  

If you read my comment, I have been involved with BTC for a long time. I've held it for more than 5 years and sold out for a good profit. I still say it's a bubble and Ponzi scheme.  

BTC network is already facing numerous other issues: whales, high transaction cost being two biggest ones. Honestly, I'm tired of waiting for its price to stabilize and people to really start using it. That's why I sold out. 

The only reason it's market cap is so high is because it's perceived value is so high. 
Google what are the good local markets in the area to buy stuff. Go to the small local shops, not "emporiums" or "exhibitions".  

Nowadays, even the tour guides inform you to simply enter their partner shops and spend 5 minutes inside, and will suggest better local markets to do real shopping. This has happened to me a few times. 
I wonder how many people try to time their baby's delivery, just so that their kids get born in January 1. 
Crypto as of today is nothing more than a ponzi scheme. It just hyped and used to drive up the cost, so that people holding can make a profit when more buy. That is a ponzi scheme. I have been pretty anti-govt about this current government, but I am glad they actually called it out for what it currently is.   

I wonder how many people actually use crypto for what it was meant to be: a currency. Most people I know don't want to actually spend and use crypto in transactions because its too unstable. 

I was myself a really old crypto "user" (in quotes because I never really purchased anything with BTC). I used it to make some obscene profits and wipe out some large long term loans and credit card debt I had, plus it bought me some cool stuff when I sold out a month ago. I am one of the older guys who actually profited from this BTC craze, so this isn't sour grapes. 
Are you talking about this device? 
https://blue-bottle.global.ssl.fastly.net/assets/brew-guides/steps/bialetti-moka-pot-5-2225287554539607aaebe85c4c540597026d4ffb683414a7c1638348e9463857.jpg

You can follow this video for making great cappuccinos with this device: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpyBYuu-wJI

Basically, this device produces espressos, to which you can add frothed milk to make cappuccinos. To make the espresso, you will need some water though. You can't use milk at this step. 
Sometimes I feel the government sector isn't doing a good enough job in building infra, maybe so the private sector should start owning and building infra in rural areas. Obviously, that has its own issues (private companies need to make money and be profitable). 
Unfortunately, stuff like that isn't glamorous and doesn't gather "nationalistic pride" points and votes. 
I am not disagreeing with you. We should fix these issues, especially education, and we should also improve internet connectivity, and we should also improve infra and transport infra, especially in rural places (whether bullet train does is this arguable, I am not sure if it helps).  
Sorry to say this, but there isn't any one single magic bullet which will solve our "shitty third world problems". They're complex systematical problems, and they're here to stay for the foreseeable future. Need to make long term investments in education and rural infra to see effect after a couple of decades.
Ah. I just realised that the equipment you have just makes americanos (full coffees with water) and not espressos (strong decoction). You can get a stovetop moka pot for making strong decoction and then add frothy milk to it to make cappuccinos. They are relatively cheap and work quite well too. 
Yes, because software updates are needed to slow down old phones, you smartasses.
The spar is right in the arrivals hall, on your right after you exit from customs. You can't miss it. 
Meteor pay as you go.
If you were working in a nice office or going out to classy places or even just trying to look fashionable, I agree that sneakers and proper casual shoes are better than running shoes.  

College is a totally different scene though. When I was in college, people used to not shower for days at a stretch and repeatedly wear same clothes to classes. I don't think your shoes will matter too much. Running shoes will give you more comfort, especially if you have to walk or run.   

If you're not planning to do walk a lot or run, sneakers might look better and more appropriate, but I don't think too many people will appreciate it in college. 
You can make milk coffee with froth from fresh coffee. Why are you resorting to instant coffee powder?
I've heard Harbor is much worse. I haven't travelled a lot on that side though.
I feel the entire ultra nationalism and modi worship going around nowadays has its roots in Bal Thackeray. He was an all powerful gunda who divided people along religious and cultural lines. But many locals worship him because apparently he raised their stature and stood up for them. 
Come on, parts of the music may sound a little similar, but it isn't totally lifted and copied.  
We don't need to make extra faltu controversy about this movie. It already sucks as it is. 
I've purchased sim cards from t2 arrivals spar on two occasions. 
No loan takes a processing fee upfront like this. It's just not heard of. You'll need to save your friend from a scammer. 
I only know one guy who got married and divorced in India. It was mostly mutual (got married too young to a childhood sweetheart, both realised after a year that its not working). There was no alimony, though she kept the pet cats which they had adopted during their marriage. My friend actually liked the cats, but admits that she'll take better care of them. 
Ah. I thought most traffic was in Bangalore, and hence nice helps. I had no idea Bangalore Mysore highway itself was packed. Anyway, thanks for the info. 
At this stage, I won't be surprised if Trump actually sucks at golf and tries to cheat all the time. 
I haven't really done much of road travelling around Karnataka. What's the obvious reason for not taking Mysore road/nice road?
Illegal parlours are already banned. Just that it wasn't heavily enforced. 
Why was the photo deleted? 
I'd be more concerned about apps than OS too, like others have said. Keep an eye on your activity monitor. Heavy Chrome apps are a common culprit, for example..
This is criminal. Her actions can lead to bad treatment and death of people who are actually suffering. If any such case is found, she should be thrown in jail too. 
Come on. It's not so bad, that you can't even raise a genuine non political issue like this one. Worst thing is they'll do is ignore emails.  

I'm not saying they're all saints. If you try to raise any issue which offends them, it may land you in trouble. But not this. 
Fuck. Of all the things in this subreddit, I really wish I hadn't seen this. I'm not able to get that image out of my head.
That's pretty shitty of them. 
I can't walk for more than 10 minutes, unless I'm just strolling slowly. My calf muscles start to hurt a lot, and I almost start walking differently to compensate, but it doesn't help. I don't even get tired as such, it's just that my legs start hurting.    

I was never a fit person to begin with. I'm slightly overweight, and hereditary high cholesterol, but that's under control due to regular medication. But it's still weird. All my friends get really surprised at how quickly I give up when walking. I can cycle for much longer.  

It's one of those stupid things which is too small to go to a doctor for, but I know it could be something important enough to get checked out. 
I feel this too, and I think it's just natural. We aren't conditioned to wake up in evenings. 
A bicycle. I don't even ride my bicycle everyday, and I use Dublin bikes for daily commute, but I learned to cycle because of my bike. I was a 30 year old guy who didn't know how to cycle before that.   

Edit: I would have added Amazon fire stick to this list, but it was a gift. I didn't actually buy it!
However difficult it is now, it will be more difficult after a couple of years. You don't need to project yourself as a failure. You can always say you were pressured into a field you're not interested in.. which is anyway the truth, isn't it? No one needs to know that you couldn't secure CS jobs and stuff.  
But do this only if you're sure you don't have a future in CS and you aren't interested in it at all. 
Chicken, I'll give it a shot. I don't like the taste of fish. 
You can try shoe sizes for a particular brands range in store, and buy it online. If you feel guilty about it (it is a slightly shitty thing to do), go to a large chain store with a huge selection, rather than a small store with dedicated sales employees.  

I have a pair of adidas running shoes which are so comfortable, I hate wearing anything else. It was pretty cheap too. It was around 2k on sale on Myntra 1-2 years ago. I am actually not a fit person, and walking more than 5-10 minutes starts hurting my calf muscles. I've moved to a country where I end up walking and using public transport a lot, and these adidas shoes are a savior. Almost anything else, even other adidas sneakers, are unbearable. I got a pair of Asics here on sale, which are also pretty good. It was around 30 euros, which is roughly around your budget again. 
Are you interested in computer science at all? If you're willing to learn more and put more hard work, further studies may be an option. Or you'll have to find someone to refer you in a fresher position somewhere.  

If you're not interested at all and have zero inclination towards it, I suggest switching careers now itself and thinking about something else. A lot of people have gone into this field and aren't very successful and eventually want to move, but they've wasted too much time already in IT and have to start fresh again. You have to ask yourself what you see yourself doing if it wasn't for your CS undergraduate degree.
Non vegetarian, but I mostly stick to chicken. I've probably eaten beef only a handful of times in my life, and I'm not a big fan. I won't eat lab grown beef because I don't want to eat beef. I know that a lot vegetarians truly have moral issues with eating meat, but many of them simply don't want to taste and eat meat. For them, it just feels wrong and weird. 
GST has reduced indirect tax collection in India. Government is actually making lesser money than before. 
I'm not a fan of hers, in fact, I dislike her a little bit. But she did the right thing. Her fans won't be happy listening to her views on this political subject which she can completely avoid. There's too many stupid people around who won't value her opinion and prefer she rather keep quiet. 
Couple of things about stuff like this:   
- I feel such a niche field will rely a lot on referrals from old customers for marketing. I think you need to focus a lot on maintaining good relationships with any customer you have.  
- If you want to make any sort of serious money for the amount of time you invest, don't just look at costs. You need to also factor in the amount of time you are spending on this (4 months is a LONG time). A profit of 2-4k per tank doesn't seem worth it. Maybe you need to ramp up the costs and go after super rich people.   

All said and done, there is a big difference between being good in a skill, and actually making it a business or working on it professionally. Not every amazing home cook can be a restaurant owner or even a chef :)
I am trying really hard to recall anything eventful. I guess one night when I was in college, I had a pretty decent time when I went out to a party, came back to a friend's place and chilled for a while before I got drunk. Another time was similar, except we all went out for a nice dinner.  

NYE celebrations are really overrated. Most places are super crowded and super expensive. That too, the worst crowd comes outside on NYE. It's best to chill and hang out with some friends at home. 
> My other guy friends had gone somewhere 

Yep, they knew what they were doing. 
Friday, December 30, 2011.. 
That too, its an alt. I had an older accounts for 2-3 years before this, which I deleted (revealed some personal info which almost got me into trouble)
To the average Indian, a pixel phone still means nothing, but iPhone has a lot of status value. I believe the only reason iPhone sells the amount it sells in India is due to this "show off" factor. Pixel can't simply sell their phones at this price and expect people to buy it. 
I'm an Android fanboy, but pixel can't sell for their current price in India, that's the simple fact. Unlike apple, they don't even have the brand value and show off factor, which is really what is selling the iphones in India. The only people who are really buying it now are in the intersection of very rich and Android enthusiasts, which isn't a very big number. We don't really have the contract system of getting phones either.
First season felt so forced and fake. Second season is a definite improvement, though somehow still not as good as the best days of top gear.
Just wait. Only 4 more days.
In case anyone was wondering, this is what true anti nationalism looks like.
Does he know Akshay Kumar's nationality?
The only places open will be a few turkish, indian and Chinese restaurants. No shops, no malls, no cinemas, not even public transport.
Was just browsing Netflix and decided to watch "Episodes". Two episodes in, seems pretty meh. Might revisit some 30 Rock. The wife wanted to watch that stupid Christmas Prince movie. It was so bad I wanted to throw stuff on the TV. 
Public transport will be shut, so will almost every place to eat. Pretty much nothing on the entertainment front. 

If you had asked this yesterday or earlier today, I would have strongly advised you to buy some supermarket groceries and keep for tomorrow.

Do you have anything?
Everything's closing at 6pm today. 
It is for Christians. They all make their special local delicacies during Christmas.
I reckon you'll not get to eat a lot if you're vegetarian. That's for sure.
It was really thick fog. I couldn't see more than a few feet ahead of me. I was so depressed I almost started crying because it was an old dream of mine to see mount Fuji. 

It is meant to be a very beautiful place. I'm just trying to warn people about the weather and maybe plan a longer trip with buffer days.
Yeah, I was walking home across the square, and I thought something in the distance was on fire. It looked really weird.
I had a very sad experience with hakone last year. The only full day I had here was totally covered with thick fog. At some points like the cable car or the ferry ride, I felt like I was in a white room. The fog finally lifted and I managed to see the sights around me for the first time when I was on my way back to the train station. It was depressing.  

On the positive side, it was the only bad experience I had in Japan, and it taught me the valuable lesson to keep buffers for last minute plan changes due to weather.
Yep! She is in one of the movies. 
Is it just me or does it feel like our country has gone backwards in the past few years, socially speaking? 
Sorry for buzzfeed link, but this is a collection of really nice short films, available for free viewing online! It's not the usual Bollywood crap, some of these are really good. 
Of course not. You can't put the bus company owner in jail just because there was a murderer on board. They can be called to give evidence or release records of the passengers by the police, if police starts investigation, but they are not responsible for the murder. 
You don't need to use the word "scotch". Whiskey is whiskey, even scottish whiskey. They are just trying to make it a different brand. Some of the best whiskeys in the world aren't "scotch" (irish whiskey, for example) 

What we get in India isn't always considered whiskey, you are right about that. 
Ever heard the often repeated phrase? "Passengers are responsible for their own belongings"  

I am not saying you are at fault. I actually feel bad for you.. I know how hard and frustrating it is to loose something valuable. But you can't go blaming redbus and everyone else. I'm sorry, man. 
Is it really that hard to use public transport?
This has nothing to do with redBus. They're just the ticket booking company. I know it sucks that you lost your laptop, but don't blame redBus.  

It's possible that the bus did stop for a short while in the middle of the night and you didn't know about it. It could have been stolen by a co passenger too.  

By the way, sleeping with luggage kept under the body is actually not unheard of in buses and trains. 
Then why use the main app any more?
You're not fooling anyone with that. 
Real frugal hack would be using buses and trains instead of cabs. 
Not really news or anything. Just an opinion piece. But I wanted more people here to read it. 
Exactly. This isn't just "help". He was probably making good money smuggling people. 
It's a monster of a city. At times, it doesn't even feel like one contiguous city. It feels like you're actually travelling outside, on a long distance journey, when travelling between some parts. 
Lot of good answers here but this is probably the best one. It nailed the trio combo which went on to make one of the most popular TV series. Richard and Jeremy needed a strong third. 
Do you have any idea how many Indians live in the US?
Please don't use any scooter for touring, even if it has the range.
What are they talking about? It's almost impossible to get a hotel room in short notice, especially during summers.
Jaysus, where do you live? I work in the city center and also go that side often for grocery shopping. Doesn't look half as bad as you make it sound. 
Atleast it has some decent interiors. 
I am so glad I cashed out a few weeks ago. 
What sort of kids are these guys? Do they think they're in 8th grade or something? Seriously, how old are they? Both of them should be a lot more professional at work. Your friend AND the guy who hit him. 
Come to Mumbai, you'll start loving Bangalore rents. 
I thought airlines outsourced the preparation of meals. 
This was big news half a year ago. Why are you bringing this up now? I was surprised after seeing this here, thinking they took half a year to arrest him, before i saw the date on the news article.
Most of the youth don't care about star wars. Maybe he just wanted to enjoy a movie? It's not like he made it a big public event. 
Yeah, the writers knew exactly what they were doing. 
I weep for our country if this is one of our elected representatives. 
This is your punishment for voting for BJP, Gujarat 😁
I think they revise their prices every year with new offers. I had a white season studio membership for 25 years. It was around 3.7 lakh (without annual fee of 10k).  
I stopped paying the EMIs and annual fees when I realised I had wasted my money. Didn't want to dig myself deeper.  

You can search for other seasons and other sizes of rooms. Just be wary of contacting their sales agents. They will never leave you alone. They work on commissions. In fact, if you are really interested, you can even try for a second hand membership for cheap. Just google for it (or pm me if you're interested in mine.. but honestly, I don't think it's worth it).
Yes. That's all I was trying to say. 
I'm saying Mumbai has better air quality than Delhi, overall. Not arguing for the sake of it. 
It happens every year, doesn't it? 
Delhi touched 999 about a month ago. 
It's bad, but compared to the Delhi - UP belt, its practically nothing. 
I hope you realize your in laws will not stop boasting about this to every single person they meet. I married a person from another state, and it's part of my routine introduction now. "This is our son in law. He's not from Gujarat, but he knows how to speak Gujarati! Amazing, right?". You're one step further away (not Indian), so if you learn Marathi, trust me, they'll start making WhatsApp forwards with a video of you speaking. 
Yeah, don't do this. 
I assure you most people thought he's a chutiya. Dont worry. Best way to treat such people is to ignore them.  

Full time soup person. ROFL. 
Depending on where exactly your office is, you can also consider the red line of the luas. 
Ever heard the phrase beggars can't be choosers? 