If this was a cover, it would've been an instant cop 
Bendis would be interesting on Nightwing
Thank you. Bless up and happy holidays 
Still waiting for Ted Kord and Booster Gold tho :)
And we never will
I kinda hope he comes back through doomsday clock
The exaggerated aesthetic makes it easier to hide vents. I've got to give props to Dell and Acer for making less gamery aesthetic laptops that still have some flare. 
It doesnt. It's about a 3-500 dollar premium for the most part. If you want thin and light, it goes up, but those are Max Q laptops and that's a whole other discussion 
Gg
If you're ever curious, check the tear downs for the last couple Galaxy phones. They're tightly packed. I think only Apple has their phones well engineered internally.
General consensus seems to be if you use 250 ohms and below, you should be fine. I personally use HD598s and they work just fine. But having used the V20, I know it can be done a lot better.
I mentioned Samsung pay for a sentence in the software section, but it's doing a disservice to the app imo. It's fantastic. Also, I'm an ugly person. I only use FFC for AR stuff on Snapchat... ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
I think it's the space taken up on top with the iris scanner setup preventing them from implementing a tweeter up top like the HTC 10. Unfortunately, with audio, the bigger the better internally. Hopefully they can shrink sensor size for the iris scanner so that we can get a dual tweeter and woofer design.
I personally don't use the different power saving modes so I can't comment on that, but are the macros useful? Im a Google boy through and through and I didn't personally find Bixby all that useful when it launched in the S8+.
I use the app Flud and my phone only really stutters if that app is being used. There are frame drops (very far and few between) but they are incredibly different to reproduce whereas the S8+ I knew what tasks would force frame drops. I imagine Samsung has changed the governor, which is what makes Samsung devices have better battery life when directly compared to their flagship Android competitors, less aggressive so there's less stutter but slightly worse battery life. I wanted the Pixel 2 but the lack of a headphone jack really hurt the device in my eyes. I don't want my audio to become like displays where HDMI is holding the tech back by like 5 years because of DRM.
Hovering over certain things in web pages is the same thing as putting your mouse on top of something. I forgot what that UI element is called but the Spen just works like a mobile mouse in that regard.
Thanks man. Love writing tech reviews, just don't have the money to buy a whole lot of tech. I didn't mention it in the post, but the 6 GB of ram does really help with multitasking. Its refreshing to go back like 20 apps and open an app without it reloading.
I'm upset that the X didn't replace the Plus model. At least the Note has an expensive digitizer to warrant the price. The X has admittedly a really good facial recognition software, but that bezeless design can't warrant a 1k price tag. Maybe a year ago when we were approaching it on the Android side, but not now.
If you don't value you the pen, I'd go for the S8+. Essentially the same phone with a better battery life and it's cheaper. Slightly dimmer display, but I prefer the shape of the S8+ better over the Note 8 personally.
I'd highly recommend watching PocketNows breakdown of audio. I'm using Adapt Sound, but it won't fix a weak amp.
I think the camera UI is really good. It doesn't get in my way like iOS nor is it too bare bones like the Pixels. I think LGs is better but that's also because I like having a lot of granular control over the camera.
Superman has no special resistance to magic. If a spell that turned everyone into kids, Supermans a kid now. But if there's a boxing glove thrown at him via magic, it does absolutely nothing.
Some issues are very good. But the pacing is off. The last 3 issues are breakneck fast and so much of the major plot lies in tie ins that they just don't tell you about. It really hurt what could've been a really good event. Also, I felt like Tony Stark's presence in the book is very cheap and shows that the Marvel editorial wanted Stark damaged, but nothing too bad. It very much felt like an event with 0 stakes.
https://youtu.be/X35voOs4rQA

Love listening to this when I need to relax. Also love the show. Thanks for the giveaway.
Some poor bastard has to sort comments by controversial.
When you make it thicker and just add battery, the weight distribution changes drastically and there's a lot of empty space that compromises structural integrity. While I would've preferred a larger battery, I understand why it's done 
The V30 comes with 64 GBs of storage and its camera is well suited for videography. 
On the DisplayMate test, the Note 8 is using a slightly better panel than the S8 line. It draws about 0.5 W less than the S8
Magneto moving the hammer is only in the Ultimate universe in an event everyone wants to forget
Internally not all that much. Look into the x-ray of the Galaxy S8. On the iPhone 7, it was removed because the taptic engine of the home button took up a crap ton of internal space relative to the bottom piece of the phone
Thanks man! Confused the socket name with architecture 
Was posted somewhere on this thread before. https://www.pcper.com/news/Storage/ASUS-X299-Enables-Intel-Virtual-RAID-CPU-RAID-0-20-SSDs

But screw Intel. They blackmailed all OEMs from supporting AND and its come to bite them in the ass hard. 
All I know is Joss got screwed by that movie too hard. I'm glad he's back to big budget projects. 
Not just the US. China and India too, three of the largest smartphone markets in the world 
Every cellphone modem, excluding Apple recently, used Qualcomm modems in the US. 10% is very incorrect 
Age of Ultron got screwed by Feige IIRC. They wanted to do a lot of setup and Whedon had to squeeze it in. Thank God they responded to the criticism and gave more control to the Phase 3 directors 
I agree. I think 8k shot digital blows film away if the right people are editing it
I'd argue with 8K cameras coming from RED, digital is a better solution than film. 
Pretty sure Nolan used film for the Batman trilogy 
agreed. Got to give props to Patty Jenkins, Geoff Johns, and the rest of the Wonder Woman team for the excellent job they did. Now for a Martian Manhunter movie. 
I definitely agree about the spectacle aspect. No super hero media on live screen has ever captured the idea of people like Superman fighting in a metropolitan area. A lot of misguided hate comes from people not understanding that Snyder was trying to show what happens when these individuals actually duke it out. The modern audience is used to seeing heroes preventing all casualties. I think Man of Steels problem was in character work as Lois didn't really feel like the Lois Lane from the comics all that much and it didn't show a whole lot of growth from Clark. I think the writers took too much inspiration from Superman: Earth One instead of something like Birthright or Secret Origins, which show Clark growing from goofy kid to the guy who wants to save everyone. And I didn't like how Pa Kent expected Clark to essentially kill everyone in that bus to protect his secret.

Rant over. I'm a big Superman fan. I want more people to see him as the guy in the Rebirth comics instead of Frank Millers butchered version that makes it to a lot of comic related media. 
In the newer incarnations of Darkseid, it shows him as a tier above Superman, able to go toe to toe with the Anti-Monitor. In the Justice League N52's first arc, it takes the combined force of GL, WW, Aquaman, Flash, Cyborg, and Supes to take him out. So hopefully they go for him being that physically imposing as it makes the team feel more important. I've never been a fan of Superman being physically stronger than the God of Tyranny. It made more sense it required all of the JL's heavy hitters to take him out. 
I guess. Idk how bullshit strong they're going to make Darkseid in the DCEU, where he can curb stomp any solo member of the JL like in the N52 or more like the DCAU, where a Supes not holding back is near equal footing with him. I hope he's handled well. Darkseid is the OG God of evil in comic book media
Well. If you like reading comics, you've got Doomsday Clock coming out soon
The city was being evacuated and Darkseid is a much bigger threat than Zod any day of the week. I agree the backlash to the destruction was a bit overkill. It could've been mitigated if they mentioned that major cities were being evacuated. 
Gg. Thanks for doing this man
A high end device with a stylus. The only OEM that does it is Samsung but I want someone else to give it a shot. Rip note 7 still wish you weren't a ticking time bomb 
S8+ user. Unable to get Pixel because its not on T-Mobile jump. This launcher is fantastic and I hope you keep going because this deserves a lot of praise
The problem they're going to run into is pricing. Gaming on Windows is financially better and there's a whole lot of support from devs on that platform. Its hard enough getting people behind Vulkan and Apple adding their own thing to the mix, especially since they have 0 holding in that market, I just don't think its going to work
IMO, it won't matter. If you watch a lot of videos on TB3, there are still issues with eGPUs through that interface. It has to be done via Alienwares method to get it done right. I don't have a whole lot of faith in Metal because Apple and serious gaming just don't go hand in hand. 
Well. They don't put in the effort on their end either clearly. If Metal 2 is so in depth, why aren't there games such as DOOM or Overwatch on OS X running on Metal? On Windows, Intel GPU support for Overwatch is pretty solid. Being apart of a group just means your product supports the platform, which OS X technically does. Metal def will be important for iOS, but its not going to match Vulkan any day of the week
The thing is Metal only works for Apple products and the reason why it seems faster is because it only has to work with very few configs. Even then, it doesn't compete with Vulkan and DirectX because of the intense depth of the APIs. You don't see games like DOOM or Crysis on Mac for a very good reason. 
Did you not watch his roast/rant on the i9 and its chip set? I'm sorry you can criticize him for sometimes being a fanboy but he's not a shill. I respect the hell out of him for roasting one of his biggest sponsors
It's solid (speaking for the S8/+). You see a lot more vertical content on the screen, which is always appreciated and multi tasking and typing is much easier because it doesn't draw over all of the screen real estate. The crop feature on the S8 does a good job and there's not that big of a loss of content. But when I'm watching movies, a lot of them use wide screen and having less black bars on top is super awesome. So 18:9 is def. a bit better than 16:9 in some regards
Loved both games. Loved 2 for taking a more evolved approach to level design. Just wish Arkane could work on fixing the weird AF frame pacing and mouse acceleration BS on D2 and Prey, which is why I haven't bought it yet
I should really get on this Humble Bundle. But thanks for the giveaway 
Didn't know that. Thanks!
Lol. Happens to me a lot too. 
If you have an Nvidia Card and have geforce experience, alt  + z records the last 20 minutes of gameplay I believe 
Dell won't be any better. Laptop IPS panels that aren't on proper gaming laptops generally blow. Wouldn't be surprised if the XPS 15 is just as bad 
The UX501VW for me came in only 4K. The 960m worked for esports games just fine. But the response time on the panel is absurdly high. It feels like 15 ms. Its immediately noticeably when I go back to my 1 ms monitor
Not OP, but I wouldn't compare the specs of the entry level models before pulling out price. As far as I'm concerned, the entry level XPS 15 is cheeks in terms of specs. Not defending the new Zenbook Pro's build quality, but the price difference is clearly there for a reason. I hope the panel catches up to the UX550. I do some light gaming and the colors and the response time of the UX501vw are not that great. 
I had the Zenbook Pro from last year with the 960M and the 6700HQ. I get about 6 hours of work out of this laptop, using multiple Chrome tabs, IDEs, and Discord on for the most part. I try to use mostly 75% brightness and that's the usage I'm able to get out of this thing. Assuming power usage is slightly reduced on the newer gen laptop (and the smaller battery), you should pull about the same. However, I doubt the panel will hold a candle to the XPS 15. If your workflow needs an accurate display, the XPS 15 can't be beat. If you just need a quad core machine for light gaming and some video editing, the Zenbook Pro is a better pick because of the price point. If you're into gaming on the go and you want a machine in this size range, like /u/Fab527 , I'd recommend the Gigabyte Aero 14 or the Razer Blade 14
Dude. Our problem is we're massive so implementing good infrastructure is very expensive. Also a lot of corporate greed prevents a lot of money from going to the right places. Watch John Oliver on Infrastructure. Its mind opening 
Google Play Music All Access. It's an excellent service with great queue management. It also includes YouTube Red which is awesome for ad free mobile use without going through any loops. I wish queues would sync up online and searching would be improved. Otherwise, excellent service. 
Hey man, Aquaman is awesome. I'm excited for Momoa to play a character that's been so loved by comics, but not by the general public
There are clip on attachments for all smart phones so you can attach it to your preferred controller
How do you feel about Seeley taking over?
Kind of hate how they phoned it in. Extreme sports does not make you good at firing military grade weapons. Maybe archery, but even then. They partially address it in 4 and hope that in 5 its mentioned how you can fully handle a desert eagle
While I disagree about Jason being all bad, I feel like the story would've been more interesting of we played as Grant
It was, but it was one of the minute details that they give out. He wasn't directly responsible for a crime but still went in because of the guilt. He chose military service to pay off his debt. Why Jason Brody can handle RPGs is beyond me though
In the defense of 4, Ajay does have military experience. 
I totally agree. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt on the squeezing. The true trial is if it works in an Otterbox
More importantly it added the novelty factor that Siri held over Google Now. A lot of my friends (not a joke) legitimately thought Siri was a better assistant because it could answer stupid questions, whereas Google Now/Assistant did everything astronomically better.
I'm very mixed about this device and so will a lot of smartphone buyers. There are a lot of good features that would sell this phone, but it banks on if the squeezing thing works well. It has to work through a thick Otterbox in order for it to be viable. No essential function of your phone should be mitigated by a case. Also the battery size is concerning. Samsung played it conservative but the battery takes up more space internally because of the safety features. But jesus, the U11 is closer in size to the S8+ but still packs a 3k mAH battery? 

I want a headphone jack. It doesn't take up enough internal space to justify its removal and Bluetooth still hasn't caught up IMHO. I'm excited for the speakers on the phone, they sound dope AF. 

Ultimately, the device's main problem is that it's not as immediately eye catching. The S8 and G6 immediately catch your eye and smartphone buyers who look at Android phones and see that the headphone jack is not present will think it's just trying to copy Apple. 
They're switching to OpenJDK, which is under a different license. 
[hdr prime](http://i.imgur.com/t6s3eB4.jpg)

Looks like this. You have to scroll down a bit
If you use the prime video app from the galaxy app store, it shows an hdr section for movies and shows 
1000 
Thanks dude
Like I said in the OP, it's hitting 6 hrs sot no problem with fairly standard usage of texting, redditing and watching YouTube 
Love the after launch attention the devs have given this game. It's absolutely fantastic and this game is so much fun. It's clear the devs cared a lot about it too. This game deserves more attention 
It felt amazing in the hand and the s pen was so damn useful
Note 7 -> to the LG V20. After the whole battery fiasco, I wanted to try another non-Samsung android phone on T-Mobile since I had the luxury of switching to an S8 when it comes out. The LG V20 has some things over the Note 7 such as headphone output, but the battery is unstable, inferior display, and the software experience doesn't feel as cohesive as TouchWiz. Also as much as I love the camera on manual mode, I still hate that I need to use manual mode to take a picture that my Note 7 could do with one tap of a button
If you can wait 3 months, you're in for the S8. The s7/edge were very good phones but if something better is coming within a reasonable timeframe then why bother? 
Commenting because giveaway
9928. Rayman origins. Thanks a lot
Is Aragami good? I love stealth games and it looks interesting but I heard the checkpoint system is atrocious.
Thanks a ton for the Christmas spirit. 8350 for the CPU I have
Nice. What made you switch? A lot of whatade that phone look good to me were the custom ROMs
What was your previous phone?
Yeah I'm aware. Love Textra. But this notification system is built into Android and can be easily implemented by all developers 
Instant reply inside the notifications. Works in all the apps that I use. Makes it so much easier to responds to notifications without entering apps and making it easier for app developers to implement quick reply
Telling you right now. If you think the notifications are good now, wait till Nougat
Gonna have to give that one to HTC and Motorola. Not saying LGs skin is awful but if I had to choose, it would be HTC
Last year's Samsung phones were not good battery performers
Try Phonograph. Not too complex and the album art can be made very large
While the pixel is really cool and the S8 has to be good for samsung's sake, if you're lg g4 is running fine, keep it. Assuming you have a two year contract, you can probably wait it out for an s8. If your phone hits the crapper before you can upgrade and want to stay on AT&T for financing your phone, the LG V20 and S7e are both solid
How do you feel about the V20? I switched from a note 7 to it and its pretty good so far. Obviously no s pen but the phones audio output is outstanding and the second display is shockingly useful
Crap. Just literally got my v20. I love the DAC and the build. 
Nice. Its what I'm most worried about switching from it
How is the battery so far compared to the Note 7?
Yeah. JoD customers got screwed. You need to buy the phone through T-mobile
Yeah. Was looking forward to it, but no store near me has it in stock
With tmobile
Just wish it was still available. With the Note 7 needing to be replaced, I want to give HTC a try.  Edit: with tmobile
Unfortunately not on T-Mobile jump
damn. That honestly sucks. I've seen people with very poor experiences with LG, but I can't keep exchanging my Note 7 over and over again till Samsung figures it out. I've invested too much into USB type c and ditched the old cables. I guess I can hold out with the V20 till the S8. 
Exactly. I love my Note 7. I just don't want to go through a second return process. 
Why do you hate the V10? As a potential V20 owner, what are potentially worrying problems of the new phone?
There's more to a screen than just resolution. But what honestly made the Note 7 perfect was that it had everything. Brightness, color accuracy, and resolution. I like the V20 panel because it can almost as bright and with the quantum dot technology, it's about 98% DCI compliant, which I prefer over the Adobe RGB scale
I'm pretty sure all 4 major US carriers are taking the Note 7 back, no questions asked. 
Oh I definitely agree. No screen even comes close to the Note 7. Perhaps the closest is maybe the V20 and the 7+. I have yet to see the Pixel XL so I would like to be proven wrong. 
I've noticed with all my friends who have iPhones that standby battery and using Snapchat is leagues better, but when it comes to using the phone for videos, Reddit, and camera use/
I'm just not looking forward to the 3200 mAH. My feeling is if the battery is integrated, make it big, which samsung did during the 7 series. Hopefully, the V20 can hit 5 hours SOT with a Bluetooth watch connected (my standard for good battery life on a phone)
Note 7- A display that is bright enough to use in all scenarios no problem. And the S Pen combined with MyScript calculator is a godsend when I need to do math and physics homework and it's easier to write out the math instead of typing it out. And having a headphone jack I guess. 

Seems to be compatible with my US Note 7
While I don't personally own MSI laptops (more of an ASUS, Dell, or ThinkPad guy), two of my close friends have MSI laptops and reporting from their grievances, these are the major issues. They have the best thermals, but they sound like jet engines when they are going full speed. This may be an issue for you, but my friends don't mind. The MSI GS72 with a 980 also has an issue where the GPU underclocks itself unless it's playing something really visually intensive. Someone I know owns the GS63 and likes it so far, but the laptop is brand. MSI laptops generally have a good track record AFAIK. 
See if the new MSI GS63 fits your size preference. It's a solid laptop with better thermals than the Razer Blade and more ports if you're into that. 
If you want to keep the camera and similar quality display, you can get the solid S7 edge or S7. If price is a problem, the axon 7 and oneplus 3 are solid options that really push what you can get for $400 
I'll diagree on that. I have a note 7 and I love my phone (except the whole blowing up thing), but some people need the simplicity of iOS. My opinion has changed dramatically with the lack of really new things and removal of the jack in the iPhone 7, but it just makes the 6S a much better phone 
https://www.amazon.com/Dell-15-6-Inch-Quad-Core-i5-6300HQ-Processor/dp/B015PYYDMQ its a dell inspiron 15 and packs good enough specs to do everything you need it to do. It stretches your budget but you can also buy a hard drive to put in if you need more mass storage 
What's your price range?
Try out the note 7 and s7 edge, because in the high end market, they are the endurance champs, especially the S7 edge. But the UX definitely isn't for everybody. I've heard that its a lot easier to transition to touchwiz from iOS so your milage may vary. If you can wait, I'm pretty sure the Pixel XL will surprise us somehow with something
Samsung Pay doesn't work when rooted for a good reason. Security completely goes out of the window and Samsung doesn't want to deal with the legal qualms of ill informed customers 
Honestly prefer blue alliance on Android
I know, but back then, they weren't plus the integrated controller of the phone was super useful 
My first smartphone. If only Sony continued with porting updated PS1 games over
Hopefully they can bring some of that pascal architecture to mobile
The Note 7 camera is one of the fastest cameras on the market but unless you want to pay the price premium for the pen, the s7 edge is just as good 
The S7 edge feels compact and is an endurance champ. If its within your price range, its definitely worth it. The camera is top notch as well
If that's your thing, definitely wait for the Nexus Marlin. If you don't like it, get the Note 7. Both will be good phones regardless 
The LG G5 has some worrying build issues and is starting to develop boot loop issues that plagued the previous gen LG devices. If you're on a budget and want a great software experience, get the S7 or the HTC 10 for good hardware/software combo with no tradeoffs. If money is no problem, the Note 7 is excellent
An app that you might have uninstalled recently
About a 20-30 minute drop in SOT which isn't that bad considering the larger display and the digitizer
As someone else pointed out, its samsung browser custom implementation of chrome custom tabs so that you don't need to have chrome installed for that feature
1) there's a setting in advanced features called one handed mode that's far more effective than Apples implementation IMHO. You triple click the home button to shrink down the entire screen 
2) theres a recent apps capacative button on the left of your home button. 
See if Good Lock is available in your region as it brings you closer to the stock Android UX
If you really don't want the dramatically bigger screen or the pen, get the S7 edge. It has better battery life 
As preciously mentioned, he was testing a feature and accidentally pushed it out, which happens. This is a Dev who posts the most detailed changelogs I've ever seen. His response, considering the absurb responses (including pseudo death threats), was quite swift and mature. 
Its a smaller battery capacity and a larger screen. The battery life is still good, but slightly disappointing considering the amazing S7e
developer got bought out by Pinterest I believe. Switched over to Chrooma too. I only wished the autocorrect was as aggressive as Fleksy, but it has its pros too
Welcome to Android. Check out /r/android and /r/androidapps if you need any help switching over
definitely has to do with the battery calibrating. My S7e took about 4 or 5 days before the battery life estimates started to become accurate.
Yeah. I'm worried about how complacent Samsung became after the S3's success. It took them 3 years to pull themselves out and it worked out well, but who knows?
Damn. That blows. Good luck
Thank god for third party keyboards
Yeah. I'm kind of hoping Good Lock comes to the Note 7. I never had that kind of lag when using Good Lock. Its not a deal breaker for me
Preordered at Best Buy?
The iris scanner is targeted towards business and government users as it's far more secure than a fingerprint. I'm kind of worried about the phone screen too as it just feels softer to the touch than the s7. But maybe its just paranoia.
Do you still enjoy rooting and flashing custom ROMs? If you still love it, than there's no better phone than the oneplus 3
If you don't particularly care for the s pen, the s7 edge has slightly better battery life than the note 7 and cheaper. But if you like using the pen for signing checks digitally, than the note 7 is an excellent pick
The battery downgrade is noticeable, but not that bad. Im loving the big screen and I'm one of five people in the world who avidly use the s pen
How do you feel about Doom?
Yeah. The vibration motor improvement is a big plus. I could never feel my S7E in my pocket. Now I have to tone it down so my leg doesn't feel weird.
S7 Edge. 
np, waiting for my t-mobile preorder rn
Check out Benson Leung's excellent Google Spreadsheet of all of the compatible USB Type C cables. He's a Google Engineer devoted to testing out as many as he can. 
This is the link: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wJwqv3rTNmORXz-XJsQaXK1dl8I91V4-eP_sfNVNzbA/edit#gid=0
Not many reviews have focused on the mobile HDR aspect of the display. Its only Anandtech and GSMArena that even mentioned it/emphasized it as a legit feature
No the active is att exclusive. Definitely see if you like the size of the s7 edge in store 
The S7 Active or Edge should be good for you. The Edge feels a lot smaller than a 5.5" phone so you should definitely give it a look
Its said that the three jokers storyline will be continued in Batman #9 by Tom King. The mystery involving Wally West is the main focus of Titans
If you can wait, wait till the onslaught of new phones of September, including the new iPhone, the new Nexuses, then decide. I would personally lean to the new Nexus phones or the S7 as all three devices are solid
My first real smartphone, the Galaxy S3, felt like it was a monster in my hands and then I kept upgrading and pushing the limits. While I love the size of the Nexus 6, 5.7" is the perfect screen size. The Note 5 and the upcoming Note 7 have the perfect balance between being able to squeeze into jean pockets and viewing content. I know its' not for everyone but I think making phablets mainstream is the best thing that Samsung has done for the smartphone industry, besides making awesome cameras and OLED panels
Yeah, the only bad thing about this phone is probably the lack of expandable storage; otherwise this phone was the best phone I ever had. Hoping the Note 7 can prove me wrong
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B0150PLLKM/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1470535182&sr=8-1&pi=SX200_QL40&keywords=msi+gs70&dpPl=1&dpID=41SSp0E4h0L&ref=plSrch

The MSI GS70 is a solid option right in your budget that has a good keyboard, great performance, and good display. I'm not sure when the new 1000 series mobile GPUs are coming out but this is a solid option for right now
I'm warning you right now Doom has the same quality of story as Transformers 4. But it more than makes up for it through gameplay. Try out the demo. Its half off right now 
Yeah its two small chips about 0.2 mm wide each. Thanks for the swift response 
Thank you so much 
Get Wolfenstein the New Order or the new Doom. Both games are excellent FPSs that bring back more traditional mechanics and blend it with the good stuff from modern FPSs. They're both a lot of fun to play and I would highly recommend them.
I'm going to guess its the Legion of Doom. Its the only threat that's large enough to really engage everyone 
No it does not. A 6700HQ will allow you to edit without any hiccups but the dGPU is for any light gaming you might want to do later on. 
Since you're doing CAD work, this laptop might be right for you. It has a dGPU so it can be used for light gaming.

https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01578ZKPO/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1470415153&sr=8-1&pi=SX200_QL40&keywords=asus+gl552&dpPl=1&dpID=41rzZTFQqWL&ref=plSrch
Ikr. If I knew it would be this heavily discounted so soon after release, I wouldn't have bought it during the steam sale.
Since you didn't give a budget, I'm going to assume you have some money to blow. The 1080p Dell XPS 15 with a GTX 960M is good, and if you want to go above and beyond, the Razer Blade 14 or a Surface Book with a GPU. There are better performers, but they aren't as light weight. Video editing is a heavily demanding task so you need the horsepower to back it up. All of these laptops have touchscreens, but the Surface Book is the only true 2 in 1 and a bit on the pricey side.
This video ultimately made me go with the Zenbook Pro as the XPS 15 didn't feel like it was worth that much more to me. 

https://youtu.be/GOVdUtGfteM
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B015ZG997I/ref=mp_s_a_1_7?ie=UTF8&qid=1469802175&sr=8-7&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=asus+gl502&dpPl=1&dpID=41rzZTFQqWL&ref=plSrch

A solid build and great performance if you want to game outside of DOTA. 
IIRC the radio/modem wasn't integrated in the SoC last year and this year it is, forcing them to switch over to Qualcomm this year
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01BMERZJ6/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1469392878&sr=8-1&pi=SX200_QL40&keywords=asus+ux305&dpPl=1&dpID=41vZl7Pe2HL&ref=plSrch#nav-search-keywords

Solid laptop with decent performance at a good price
What's the price of one? If its cheap enough where buying one Moto Mod makes it function like a fully featured flagship for the price of one, it might be worth it.
If you don't mind the downgrade in specs, the XPS 13 is a fantastic machine and great for day to day use. I have that laptops bigger brother the UX501vw, which shares build and keyboard style. The display isn't as good as the XPS 13's and the keyboard and I/O are better on the Dell. But you get a better price to performance ratio on the Asus laptop. I would recommend the Asus over the Dell. 
In four or five years maybe. If modern high end PCs have issues running Witcher 3 at 2K-4K, how is a mobile SoC supposed to handle it? 
Yes, primarily in heat, power consumption, and 15-20% increase in performance. However the more important aspect is the improved connectivity. 6th gen processors support M.2 and U.2 storage as well as USB Type C 3.1 as well as Thunderbolt 3. 
When you pack a 960M on a 13", it's going to be a lot thicker. I don't know of any laptops with those specifications. 
I also have this laptop and feel it's a great buy for those who don't want to spend $2k+ on an XPS 15 or MacBook Pro (which are good products but just pricey). If you are looking for a smaller laptop, you won't get something as fast in a relatively thin package. This is the Zenbook Pro's smaller brother the Asus UX303. ASUS ZenBook UX303UB 13.3-Inch QHD+ Touchscreen Laptop, Intel Core i7, 12 GB RAM, 512 GB SSD, Discrete GPU Nvidia GT940M, Windows 10 (64 bit) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B014VHVZFQ/ref=cm_sw_r_other_apa_s0hDxb9PTKCY3 it's solid but doesn't have a type c port. Otherwise it's a great laptop. 
Try Doom. Best single player FPS in awhile.
How good is your signal at your work? If it's bad, then that could explain the battery drain.
Probably a battery upgrade which is always welcome 
We need Pied Piper IRL
Check out r/MechanicalKeyboards for more stuff on mechs and thanks for the link.
What keyboard is that? Looking for a good 60% keyboard for college.
Congrats. I just purchased this laptop myself and it's pretty great. Just wanted another perspective, how do you feel about the keyboard?
No eGPUs yet. But I got a solid 6 hours average use when doing fairly intensive work. I keep my brightness at around 60% and used the dGPU for a few apps
Just bought this laptop and so far so good, it's amazing. The battery life is solid and the display quality and performance are at a steal compared to its closest competitor, the Dell XPS 15. 
6969 thanks a ton OP!
Superman from the pre-Flashpoint universe entered the New 52 universe during the Convergence event with his family after his earth got destroyed. They have been in hiding to avoid interfering with the N52 Supes until he died and this Superman replaces him.
You can watch Google Play Movies content on YouTube 
Only in the United States. 
Galaxy S7 Edge. Phenomenal battery life, great screen, amazing camera, and with Good Lock, an AOSP style interface that builds off the positives of Touchwiz. I never felt like I had to root this phone. 
It's complicated. Trust me. Definitely worth the read 
Trust me. You got to read it. It's not a reboot. 
Ironically Flash point is being reset Wednesday with Rebirth. 
Yup
/r/flashtv is selling dank memes and trying to convince you you're Jay Garrick
Damn. Bought the app like a week or two ago. But I honestly have no regrets. You're an amazing dev and remind me why Android can be such a dev friendly ecosystem.
Norman Osborn and Doc Ock got pretty close.
Install the app Good Lock, the material design themes from the Theme Store, and download Google Now Launcher. This will get you the closest to stock Android look that you're going for.
How is he still alive? It's been established that if you're separated from your other Firestorm half, you kind of die. 
Google has had some timed exclusives. Riff Raff and Logic had albums last year that were exclusive to Google Play for a day or a week if I recall. That being said I'm not a fan of this trend in the music streaming business as it's negative for both parties. 
Rooting your phone adds extra functionality that is targeted towards enthusiasts and people who want their devices to work a specific way. I was one of those people and besides one or two apps, I have never felt like rooting my S7 edge. Look at all the functionality and see if it's worth it to you. There's a legitimate risk of warranty issues that I have not personally experienced (mainly because my local T-Mobile reps don't do the insurance checks properly), but that risk is up to you. 
More like rose gold 
Personally recommend dbrand or slick wraps. 
Getting a skin is perhaps the next best thing. It protects the glass from scuff marks and it gives the phone a better grip. 
I currently have the T-Mobile S7 Edge. The G5 was interesting but the battery and the somewhat disappointing feel of the phone turned me off. It also felt as big as my current phone but the screen size was smaller. The HTC 10 has me questioning my choice. The screen, while not as good, is a decent middle ground and the battery life seems to be equivalent to the regular S7. If you have expensive headphones, the 10 is a better choice as it can power them better than the S7. If you're listening with $100 in ears or max $350 headphones, I don't think audio quality would play such a difference. Day to day performance on Android phones has become relatively standardized and both phones use the same chipset so there should only be minute differences in games. The build quality is completely up to you. I love my edge and its the best phone I've ever held. But glass isn't for everyone. The camera on the S7 is better but only by a slight margin. The software is up to you too. I have TouchWiz ptsd from my s5 but the s7 has convinced me it's ok with Samsung pay and the gear vr. But the HTC 10 has pulled a Motorola. I'm still sticking to my S7 edge because it works well with my use case but I hope your choice fulfills your own. 
Those panels are nice, but my main problem with his artwork is that it's inconsistent. Sometimes it's really good and sometimes the speedsters have more muscles than Superman or some body parts are too large comparatively. 
I returned my phone no problem. It was probably a one time deal though. Wouldn't do it again 
I had T-Mobile so jumping to the s7 edge was free. The first thing I missed was the s-pen as I soon realized i used it enough where it was kind of useful. However, the stability of the battery (i rooted the hell out of my note 5 and tried out marshmellow) and its improved longevity made it a major upgrade. Also the microSD card slot was a definite pro. 32 gb isn't a lot for music and camera nuts like myself. If you can do the upgrade on the cheap, it's totally worth it. But the note 5 was an amazing phone and it holds up beautifully. 
Samsung Good Lock is a battery killer. I only use gps when i need it so my sot averages around 6-8 hours. 
Galaxy S7 Edge: 

Pros: beautiful display, phenomenal battery, edges look beautiful, camera tops my Note 5 and the return of expandable storage is welcome. Also Samsung pay 

Cons: no quick charge 3.0, and because of the display, it feels like my phone is more fragile than a newborn. 
Have you checked out the g700s?
Try looking for a Nexus 6p. No microSD card slot but the storage upgrades are relatively inexpensive in comparison to the competition and it was practically made for flashing ROMs. It's also just a really good phone. 
Easy. Outsider War with Richard Dragon weaved in. He can be Oliver's mentor in the flashbacks. 
The regular S7 is 5.1". 
Problem with Verizon phones is that they tend to be incredibly difficult to root and in some cases, impossible for unlocking bootloaders. Especially TouchWiz devices. If you can live without root on Verizon, I would recommend either waiting to see how the G5 turns out, which I hope is good, or the S7/edge. This year you really can't go wrong either way this year as both offer really great features. I'm not that into the modular features so I picked the S7 edge (not really delicate I promise), but they might appeal to you. Hope this helps. 
LG's phones are usually on par or cheaper than Samsung's offerings. On LG's part, it would be suicidal not to match or best Samsung at pricing. 
Try waiting for the lg g3. It's looking to be a solid device. I'm right now using the s7 edge and if you have the money it's worth it. I'd avoid Sony because of their poor availability and HTC because they're on shaky grounds 
Logitech and Corsair. 
Zxing is owned by Google. 
I'm assuming your power supply is above 500W and has the current to handle the card. If that's all up the snuff, you should be good. But I would see if you can get an R9 390 for cheaper. Similar performance in most games and if you ever choose to get a 1440p monitor, it ekes out the 970.
/r/builapc is a better place to ask but if you're running a 1080p display and depending on what's cheaper, a GTX 970 or R9 390. Or wait for Nvidia's new GPUs, which should be coming out soon. 
I have $50 in Steam wallet credit. I've been looking forward to Just Cause 3 ever since it was announced, but a lot of the reviews are saying it's just a reskin of Just Cause 2 with a new map and some minor changes. I have an i5/GTX 970 combination, so performance isn't an issue. I'm just wondering if I should spend it on something else. To give you guys an idea of what games I enjoy, I've been putting too many hours into Witcher 3, MGSV, Arkham series (except Knight), and Bioshock Infinite. Thanks so much. 
How is the screen and do you use the 4K option often enough to make it worth it? A lot of reviewers have very mixed opinions about both 
This became /r/roastme really quickly
Welcome to /r/buildapcsales
They were banned at my elementary school because our idiot principal thought it was a way for kids to sell drugs to each other using the cards as placeholders. 
Someone's read the New 52.
Thanks fam
you mean the TTIP. 
EDIT: My bad
It was quite dank, good sir. 
Basic games like Minecraft with little to no mods, and much older titles might work at 30 fps but that would be pushing jt. Ultra books were not meant for gaming. 
Tell that to Sara Lance
Yes. Even if you're new to the franchise, the gameplay is fantastic and it's very easy to run. Also, the attention to detail in the game is very refreshing to see compared to its competitors. 
IIRC Killing Floor 2 uses a lot of Nvidia Gameworks software so performance on AMD may not be that great. 
You have to understand that by rooting your phone, you are opening it up to a new different kind of potential security issues. If a rogue Android app with root access has access to the Android Pay API, you are screwed. I'm not a big fan of it myself but do understand why it's there.
Wouldn't going with Skylake be better? 
COMIN STRAIGHT FROM THE UNDERGROUND
Whoa there EA!! Calm down. 
Or Web developers. 
It contains all the information. It's faster and doesn't require having a connection to work. 
There are a few bugs on 4.3 that I'm trying to fix. Sorry! 
Thanks for spotting that. Don't know how that got past me.
/r/buildapc is a better place to ask this question, but my personal recommendation is to up the i3 to an i5 4690 if you can. Your CPU is going to bottleneck that system. Everything else is fine. Also add in an SSD if you can. Once you get one, you can never go back. 
FRC and FTC. 
Will do. Thanks for the advice! 
Yeah. How'd you know? /s
178
What's up, OP? 
Holy crap. This is a good week for this sub. 7789. Didn't get Witcher 3 with my graphics card but would love to play it. Thanks man. 
Well. 696909.
I'm using a horrific Kensington keyboard (feel the need for a mechanical) and a Logitech G700s.
347.
Also true. I enjoyed Titanfall so much because of how fast paced it was. 
You can use Music Mate to download added music if you don't like GPMAA. 
Also helps that the developer is also very active in the Google+ community and adds in popular requests. 
Yeah, the movement also looks nowhere near as fast paced as Titanfall which is kind of disappointing. 
Number 7 will really surprise you
Considering the GTX 970 is equivalent to the 780 relatively, the GTX 780 Ti is probably your best bet. 
Woah there, Jared. Calm down.
I just want an Nvidia Shield type device so that AMD and Nvidia users can play pc games on the go. 
To add on to that, GTAV has an issue where fps tends to tank whenever shadows and/or lighting sources get a bit too complex. Happens on every card that I've seen. 
GTA V has performance issues in general when a lot of stuff is going on so that's not a real issue. That sound you're hearing from your graphics card could be coil whine. 
If you have a 970/ R9 290x and above, it's playable. 
I'd still wait to see how this whole port thing works out. And yes, the 760 is the minimum requirement. 
687. You're the best. 
Still better than Gotham. 
Definitely would invest in a higher wattage PSU. Have a similar setup and my peak wattage with a 970 is about 520W. Plus, the cx series PSUs are known to have questionable quality. 
Give us other specs. But even then, 430 Watts and Corsair CX series is not a good idea for a GTX 970. Would recommend a PSU upgrade 
This is the second best idea that we've ever had
Seriously. Do it as fast as possible. My Cx600m decided to nearly blow up a year in use. Took everything with it. 
YOU TOO DEVS IF YOU DRM ME. 
You just gave EA an idea for a $20 DLC. 
4999 

Intermediary patch. Hopefully it's good. Apparently the issue is that the game stores too many assets into RAM and too many CPU calls, which causes the frame rate dips. 
If you're on PC, yes it still is. Would not recommend playing unless you have a Nvidia 700 series or AMD 200 series and above to play. It's rumored to be fixed by mid September or October. 
No. Saints Row 3 is so much more fun than the over serious GTA 4.
M
Clearly you haven't read the New 52.
You mean the app everyone is going to switch back to once it goes material. 
You can definitely install it. You just can't run it. 
Or how about fixing the PC version? 
1245. It's stuff like this is why I love PC gaming. 
Console peasants? 
Cancer? 
Hey Aquaman is a bad ass! Says one of the five Aquaman fans
I only said it because ultimately battery life is relative. If you personally feel the usage of your phone requires a bigger battery, at least you have the option to change that. 
If you can wait, get a Note 5. If not, the LG G4 is a solid option. If battery life is an issue, you can always purchase a higher capacity battery with that particular phone. 
Can't be worse than Olly. 
That's what they said about Arkham Knight. 
Best subreddit ever. 
My problem with Arrow until he got  the mask.
Good idea. Not executed properly. 
Nice to see you back. Good job! 
I can't really argue. Has Shuttle incorporated material animations yet? 
Dammit, not another Laurel. 
http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00K85X2AW/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?qid=1433814968&sr=8-1&pi=AC_SY200_QL40&keywords=Evga+650w&dpPl=1&dpID=51l-Tp4er2L&ref=plSrch

Would this be a good option? 
Confirmed busted power supply. Thanks for the help man. You're the best. 
Clean out the general bugs. Damn you Phonograph and your beautiful animations. 
I've tried that. Is it possible that my power supply is barely giving power? 
GTA V. Thanks so much. You're the best. 
Curious OP. What texting app do you use?
Well, that's the risky click of the day. 
Please use this as a way to get hired by the showrunners. This is fantastic. 
Top men? 
Or you could get superpowers if you're the Flash. 
Oh my God. You must be ecstatic for the new one coming out. 
Verizon Galaxy S5. I will pay for anyone to unlock this bootloader. 
Yeah. It supports many languages and you can easily switch off autocorrect. 
Fleksy is one of the best keyboards available. It costs money but the gestures are incredibly intuitive and the autocorrect is actually leagues better than SwiftKey. 
Battery is replaceable according to a leaked manual. And, the memory on the S6 is substantially faster than any of its competitors so the loss of storage expansion isn't too bad. 
That functionality is still extremely limited. It's more to do on Google building the intent system into the infrastructure. Apple still hasn't baked full on sharing app data because it reduces dependency on their apps. 
Get MusicMate. Worth every penny. 
What's wrong with Hannibal from the TV show?
Use Music Mate to download the files to your phone.
Which is based off of TWRP
Archer and Lama.
Ever heard of the Xperia Z3?
Nuclear bombs. My bad, Japan.
"We were on a break!"
Perhaps it is a buckling spring keyboard like the IBM Model M keyboards of yesteryear. It's strange how certain technology has actually gone backwards.
Pray they get better in the next movie. 
Real cinema is actually in 21:9. It's edited for 16:9 for digital and physical release. 
Android Wear is definitely the platform that's growing quickly. Moto 360 if you like the minimalist look (like me) and LG G Watch R if you don't mind the bezels. 
I agree. As much as I am not a fan of iOS app principles, I still think Google should keep their apps consistent with what's on iOS. It makes it more confusing for Apple users unnecessarily. 
Hearthstone is coming to Android tablets soon. So don't count out Android tablets either. 
I'm not totally sure, but I think you might. But it is very cheap and has more app support than what most people realize.
A phone with HTC build, Motorola software additions, Samsung's display, Sony's camera/optics, removable battery, microSD card slot, and stock Android OS. 
Chromecast if you have an Android phone. You can stream most major content and music.
True. But I've never been a huge fan of the UI. It feels really bland and generic. If you can't tell, huge fan of Material Design. 
IP67 rating. Has saved my life so many times. 
The whole rumor that some apps aren't on Android is false. It's true some apps aren't there on Android but it works both ways. Is there a YouTube AdAway app on iOS? All major apps are on both platforms because the developers want to make money. Sweet and simple. 
MKBHD video explains this really well. The reason is the lack of magnesium in the chassis makes the stretched out frame of the iPhone 6+ vulnerable to bending in certain pressure points. The Consumer Report report was highly inaccurate as it put pressure in the center of the phone instead of the top of the screen. Sapphire is scratch proof, but not any more shock resistant than Gorilla Glass, a very common mistake. 
Bullet by Hollywood Undead. 
My favorite is Google Play Music All Access. It's well designed and for people who primarily use Android devices, it's well integrated into the Play Store. It's also a fairly good looking music player. Pros: You can cache songs onto your SD card and suggests new releases via Google Now and the app itself. Cons: It's not free and the UI pales in comparison to some Android music player. 
PIN is not really less secure than fingerprint sensor. If the iPhone 5S has taught us anything is that fingerprints are more convenient, but not secure. The way Google Wallet encrypts the PIN is still light years ahead of Apple's security on the fingerprint in the 5S and 6. 
You just read my mind. 
I'd go with the HTC One M8 or if you are willing to wait, the Note 4. The One M8 is better looking, but the Note 4 has better specs and can last much longer in terms of battery life. 