I reached out to about 60 different consignment centers around the Bay Area. They were either full or would require me to pay for their removal. I’m sure the shops you know of are great, but the reality was that no one was interested in all the furniture I had. Fuck everyone down voting me. I tried. My parents furniture is not out of my hands and I can move on with my life.

I’m assuming you’re not referring directly to me. My comment wasn’t taking sides on the matter. 
Most people don’t have an issue about peace. They take issue with the idea that Trump has anything to do with it beyond proximity. 
Wow, that would suck to have that much emotional investment in something so superficial. 

I do understand that there is a difference. One is more expensive and slower while the other is faster and much less expensive. When it comes down to the bottom line, they are the same thing and unlock a phone with your face.
Cheer up little guy.
It's already gone. I don't have to deal with it anymore.
The set they had looked exactly like the sets they make today.
Samsung's IR Emitter is different that Apple's. What's there to get? It's secure, it's fast, and it's half the price (and doesn't have an ugly notch at the top).
The only thing it doesn't allow is Samsung Pay. Good thing there's still a fingerprint reader on the back for that.

The S9 is still using two different cameras and an inferred emitter to do it's job faster than the iPhone X. it's right there in the iFixit Teardown. So far no one has been able to spoof it with a picture or something.
> and everything just work for me

That's my problem though. Everything isn't working for me. Maps is still a mess. Home automation is crap. Siri is crap. Their repair policy is absurd. Prices are astronomically high with very little justification other than to keep the stock price up. The short fused and rabid fan base is rude to any and all who have a different opinion.... yeah the grass isn't green anywhere.
The saying is meant to encourage your brain to "think differently" about the situation you're in. If you perceive someone is mad at you, think about it from their perspective. They're probably not mad at you at all, but mad at the situation, a situation that you would probably get mad at too if you were in there shoes. Assume that the other person is only trying to get to an outcome that benefits everyone.

Just because I complain about my Apple products doesn't mean I want to see Apple fail. It simply means I want them to do better and my complaints are based on the aspects that need improvement.
If only that were true...
> there’s no Windows laptop that supports 3D face scanning, not even the Surface.

I literally just linked to a list of laptops that use this feature in the comment you replied to. Most recently, the new Lenovo X1 Carbon has it as an option.
They actually are. They both use infrared lights and a camera to map out a face in 3D.
>as cheaply as possible

Well that eliminates anything new. Shop for a used machine. Whatever is available in your area will differ from region to region. Just get something that has either an i5 or i7 and make sure is already has an SSD or at least factor in the cost of upgrading to one. It'll last four years easily.
Vote for whoever you want. To hell with the fear that your vote won’t count because not enough people are going to vote for the same candidate. If 10 million people voted for someone other than the main two, that would send a powerful message to the politicians in power today. It would make a difference.
Apparently, neither did any of Facebooks users who are now complaining. 
Do you run a store? Because I ran into nothing but trouble trying to sell my parents furniture. No one wants it. Eveeyone is happy with the shit they sell at IKEA. 
Yeah good luck with that. There’s a problem in the furniture industry, there’s too much furniture. My parents recently passed away and I couldn’t even give their solid wood and/or antique furniture away. Within my region it’s even worse, all the fires whipped out thousands of homes. So while there’s plenty of people who lost furniture, it’s going to be a couple years before all those people have places to put new furniture. Combine that with the fact that everyone already has most of the furniture they need/want thanks to the cheap stuff sold at IKEA. We wind up with a market that has no need for a big heavy desk that doesn’t have any cable management. 

I found the receipt to my parents bedroom set. It was Ethan Allen, bought in the 90s for well over $20k. I sold off the last of it netting me a total $700. Keep in mind, there was virtually no damage to any of the furniture. No scuffs, no noticeable dents or damage, but it doesn’t matter. No one wants it. Everyone wants to buy something “modern” looking even though it’s made from composite board that’ll fall apart before it becomes an antique. I kept what I could but even I don’t need a set of matching dressers. I did save the big solid wood desk from my grandfather, but that’s about it. I just don’t have the space or need to keep it all. 
The files app is no Finder. It’s essentially the same thing as using any cloud storage app.

> You asked for opinions and I am giving you my honest opinion

I know and thank you very much for your input. I honestly appreciate it. If my direct replies are coming off as rude, that’s not my intent and I’m sorry for that. I really do appreciate the feedback everyone has given me so far. 
You mean like how patronizing *everything* Apple does? I mean it’s not nearly as bad as how condescending the job title of ”Genius” is. 
Kind of, I mean it’s been a long time coming. I keep waiting for Apple Maps to get better or let me pick my own default app for navigation but instead the service just stays the same if not worse than before. That was the first instance of me disliking my Apple product. Apple Maps is just a nightmare to deal with. It’s inaccurate, no one every replies to my feedback, corrections take forever to get implemented... I mean just last year there was a closed bridge in my area, google and even bing maps knew it was a closed road... I took pictures of the construction and sent it to Apple... months went by and finally Apple Maps showed the road as closed... the same week the bridge re opened. Meanwhile google and bing already showed the road as being open again. 

Anyway, Apple Maps was the first big issue I had with iOS and Apple as a whole. I could defend Apple just as good as the rest here but that was the tipping point. Now that androids have reached a point where their reliability, performance, specs, etc. are so enticing I can’t help but be tempted by the dark side. 

It’s not like I couldn’t ever go back. I’ll be more than happy to come on this sub and tell everyone how bad my time was on Android. It just feels like a grass is always greener kind of situation. If I do make the switch, and enough other people do as well, that could kick Apple in the bottom line enough to force them to fix the glaring issues I have with iOS. Maybe it would push them to drop prices. Maybe they’ll get rid of the notch. 

Point is, I appreciate everyone’s feedback. I knew going into this post that it wouldn’t be taken kindly but I’m doing my best to stay positive in spite of the negativity thrown my way.

While I may be going back and forth with some of these comments, it is reminding me of the features Apple is good for. I still don’t know what the best option is for me. Maybe I should at least give Android a shot. What have I got to lose?
> Colour balance is typically the biggest issue. It seems to be a nonissue on the X however.

Yeah but when I hold the S9 and X next to each other, the difference is so minimal it’s hardly noticeable. Compared to my 6S Plus though the difference is dramatic. 

> there are other factors to consider like the impact on price.

That’s what has me leaning towards and S9, at $570, it’s cheaper than almost all of Apple’s LCD iPhones. 

> The OS is largely inefficiently designed.
> Its approach to various aspects of mobile computing is flawed

But we could literally say the same thing about iOS (or any OS for that matter). I mean with I hit the search button in the App Store or Music app, I then have to reach all the way to the top of the screen to bring up the keyboard. Or Maps for example, that app is still a huge turd in the OS and there’s no way to change the default. The biggest issue I’ve had with Maps is its integration with the calendar app. Copy and paste a saved address from the location section of an appointment and we get this...

x-maps-mapitemhandles: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

Tell me how that makes sense.

> Android devices typically get only between 1 to 2 years of software updates

With Samsung getting at least 2 and then still offering security updates a little longer after that. Besides, don’t most people simply get a new phone every other year anyway?

> The OS gives the user very little automated control over the activity state of background processes and applications

This one intrigues me because when I look at the settings and such in Android, I see the same kind of stuff in terms of managing what apps are running in the background, heck it was Android that offered energy usage monitoring well before Apple did.

> • It’s notoriously troublesome for battery life

Reviews for the S9’s battery seems very positive to me. Besides it’s got a larger battery than my Plus phone now and my brand new Apple battery in it still needs me to carry an external battery pack when I’m out all day. I’m not saying that Android is as efficient, it’s probably still worse just like how Windows laptops are compared to MacBooks. I’m just saying that my charging Selena doesn’t go away with my next phone no matter what one I buy. 

> The system UI is clunky and unintuitive in addition to having massive consistency problems

This has been a complaint I’ve heard from all OS sides. Apple is constantly changing and removing features, burying options in dumb places, screwing with the layout of apps... it’s not really an issue to me since everyone does it. Maybe Apple is better at it but I don’t know. I’ll take your word on it though. 

> many things simply don’t exist or don’t work well out of the box requiring the user to seek a decent quality replacement app from the Play Store

Any examples you can think of off the top of your head?

> There are privacy concerns over how your data is tracked, collected and used by Google.

I have he same concerns with Apple. They also have access to a huge amount of my personal data and I have no way of knowing who at Apple has access to it and what they do with it. 

> most of the important data on your phone remains there where it is encrypted

Except it’s not. It’s all synced to the iCloud Drive. A service that uses a server based encryption. It would be naïve to think that Apple hasn’t been forced to hand those encryption keys over to the US government. Just look up Lavabit and that whole situation. All it takes is one terror suspect to use Apple services once and that justifies the FISC to issue warrants to demand access to the whole server. What some marketing agency does with my data is not nearly as scary as what the government is capable of.

> permissions system problems of Android has allowed applications to maliciously / secretively collect and use private information such as text messages without the user’s knowledge or consent. See the recent outrage over Facebook abusing this for some time

But that’s a problem that has already happened to me as an iOS user. Big name apps for iOS have pulled the same stunts and gotten away with it. Instead of Apple punishing Facebook they let them stay with no repercussions. We get more pop ups now that ask us to let apps do stuff with our data... and then the vast majority of the time I wind up letting the app use that data anyway since it’s needed for some feature I need the app to do. 

> That’s all I can think off right now. In short, I don’t like Android. :p

I really do appreciate your input. At this point I still don’t know. Maybe I should switch for a little while and see how it goes. If I come crawling back, I’ll be first in line to write a post about how awful it was using a droid. 
How am I being a dick? I’m not insulting anyone (unlike you who is calling me a dick for no good reason). 

I’m trying to encourage a debate between an S9 and virtually the entire iPhone lineup. Spec for spec, the S9 seems to be a win for my needs. What concerns me is that I’ve been an iOS user for so long, I’m not sure what things I’m going to truly be missing out on if I make the switch. Since there are plenty of users on this sub who switched over from Android, along with the people here who use both regularly, I was hoping to get their perspective.
> I have no idea what discussion you’re trying to encourage.

Funny since in the quote you picked partly explains what discussion I’m trying to foster. I’m trying to find that one good reason for me to stay with iOS. If you can’t think of something then just ignore me and move on. 

> It sounds like you made up your mind about the S9.

I’ve only made up my mind in the sense that for my desires in a new phone, spec for spec, the S9 is a much better phone than any iPhone. Since I’ve spent a lifetime in the Apple ecosystem, im just trying to figure out what I’ll miss. I see people post on this sub who talk about how they switched from Android to iOS and was kinda hoping that some of them might chime in. 

> So instead of being confrontational and snarky here

How am I being confrontational and snarky? I’m only being direct. I’m only trying to figure out what it is I’m missing. In return I’m getting a lot of very vague and general replies that say, “Android bad.” but with no examples given.

> head on over to /r/Android for your new phone community.

Now who’s snarky?

> If the most convincing argument you take from this post is “iPhone users downvoting me means I’m buying an Android”

Ffs it was a joke! That’s why there was an lol at the end hahah! Why are you so bitter?

> Literally no one cares what phone you buy. But don’t come into this sub, ask a question and then get upset when people answer it in a way you don’t like.

I’m not upset with the answers I’m getting, I’m simply asking more questions. You’re nearly taking it as confrontational and snarky as opposed to casually conversational. When I worked for Apple they had a saying, assume positive intent. It might be a good idea for you to take that expression to heart for a minute before you get so defensive over literally nothing. I mean, according to you...

> Literally no one cares what phone you buy
iMessage is the same things as a regular text message. 

Calendars, notes, reminders are all things that any device can manage and sync.

You’re going to have to explain what you mean by “make use of files” because iOS is very limited in how I can access my own files on my phone. 

Apple Music isn’t any better than Spotify. 

I know the decision is mine, I’m just trying to find whatever it is I’m overlooking. Thank you for your help, I really do appreciate it. 

How is what I said pessimistic? Am I wrong? 
“Too depressing” as in, not marketable. Not enough cool and colorful stuff to make a profit off of product placements.
> Their devices are fine but Samsungs Software just can‘t deliver the harmony and perfection iOS does.

How so?
I should add that for every down vote, I’ll take that as confirmation that the S9 is a better phone and that the fanboys and girls here are too upset to admit it.

Seriously, lol what’s the point of down voting my comments? I’m not being offensive. I’m simply replying to other comments with honesty and sincerity. FFS, chill the fuck out guys. This rabid fanboyism is part of the reason I want to switch! If you’re going to downvote me, tell me why publicly and not in a dm. 
What’s to exaggerate about OLED? Black is actually black. Each pixel is a set of RGB lights as opposed to the uneven backlight of a standard LCD. As you said, it’s noticeably better contrast. It’s also easier to look at in the dark. 

> Have you had an Android phone before?

Yes but it was back when I had the 4s

> Android devices have some amazing hardware but Android is lacking in many areas compared to iOS

*Like...* that’s why I’m asking for what other think. What about Android has you avoiding it?

> only give you some more info to help you make your own decision. :)

That’s all I’m after. I’m trying to figure out what I’m missing here. No subject is off limits. All I want is for someone to point out that one feature that I’ll flat out say to myself that it would be stupid to leave iOS for. Thanks for your help. 




> No shit Sherlock

 No need to cus. This isn’t a personal issue with you. 

> They bought the company.

... That built the first generation of the Kinect sensor, but not the rights to the texhnology as a whole. Literally any brand can still build the IR sensor into their product if they do choose. This feature has not and will not be exclusive to Apple. 
No worries. 
But the 8 doesn’t have OLED, is heavier than a 7, and a lot more expensive than an S9 edit: or 7. 
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/design/device-experiences/windows-hello-face-authentication


https://www.windowscentral.com/complete-list-laptops-support-windows-hello

> Samsung is now using it in the S9

Citation needed... because it’s literally the same tech. 

> Have you compared the size of a Kinect and the notch on the X? Miniaturization doesn't come for free.

Have you even looked at what the competition offers? Miniaturization already happened and it’s way cheaper in the S9 (and the same thing). 
I want a smaller phone than my 6s Plus. The S9 meets that qualification, but if go with a 7 that means a much smaller battery, no OLED, worse cameras, less features overall, and a higher price tag. 
No... the S9 is smaller and lighter than my 6s Plus. The only size difference that makes the S9 bigger is in the thickness. An S9 is bigger than a 7... but I don’t need it to be that small. 
Because there are people on this sub Reddit who might have an argument against what I’m thinking of buying. 

I could afford a 256GB iPhone X, but this phone is less than half the price. 

Do I need it? No. I don’t need a smart phone to begin with. None of us need one. 

And this is nothing more than a personal self post. If you don’t want to help, you don’t have to reply. If you’re going to be a jerk about it, well that’s your prerogative. 
Apple hasn’t been innovative with it. The facial recognition tech Apple has been using for less than five months, is far from anything new. It’s been used in a number of Windows laptops before. As a matter of fact, the tech itself is the same stuff that made the Xbox Kinect fiction. Samsung is now using it in the S9, a smartphone that starts at $719. If anything, Apple is just throwing money at something no one was asking for. Had Apple released an OLED iPhone with only Touch ID and no notch... no one would have been complaining. Maybe some would ask about facial stuff but no one wanted the notch. 
You’re right, it shouldn’t... it should start at $750. 
Well that’s a bad argument since wireless headphones are not as eco friendly as wired ones that already exist. Every pair of wireless headphone require radios, batteries, and more electricity to operate. 

Reduce, reuse, and then recycle. 
Adding storage verses taking features away are not the same thing. 
Okay grandpa, but we expect prices to go down and performance to improve as they always have. Combine that with how inexpensive OLED Android phones are.... yeah, $900 is still very expensive for a smartphone. 
Still not cheap enough. Apple needs to make an OLED iPhone for less than $700 for me to consider one. 
It might not be “tax evasion” as per the court room definition... but companies definitely evade paying taxes every way they can. 
I’m not telling anyone they have to like ads. I’m simply arguing that it’s a lame reason to complain about a product overall.

You are more than welcome to “stand against it” although it’s not a very worthy cause to fight for. Besides every studio offers the vast majority of their content for purchase ad free. It just costs more money. You want to pay less? You get the subsidized version with ads. It’s also a supply and demand thing where some content is valued Heuer than other content. That’s one main reason why Netflix doesn’t get a lot of brand new AAA content. 
Oh I hate Apples planned obsolescence. Check my comment history... I’m not a fan to say the least. What really bugs me is their eco friendly propaganda. If they truly cared about the environment, they would be marketing the importance of reduceing and reusing the products we need. Recycling should be a last step. 

Beyond that, Apple’s OS support is pissing me off as well. It’s almost hard to believe how many versions of macOS they’ve gone through over the years and how quickly they abandon them. Did you know that 10.6 Snow Leopard came out after Windows 7? Yet Microsoft continues to offer security updates for that OS. Why can’t Apple? Think of all the perfectly functioning Macs that have been discarded over the years simply because Apple no longer offers any support for them. It’s insane.  
Yeah that was the first Mac to solder storage. The first MacBook Air was when they started soldering RAM. So pointless. Literally the only reason they do it is to prevent people from upgrading their hardware to force people into buying a new machine. 
Are you talking about physical snail mail junk mail? If so, what you have to do is write to them requesting to be removed from their mailing list. I no longer receive those big coupon packs or weekly coupon booklets.
It wasn't until the late 2016 models when the MacBook Pro lineup started soldering storage. All Retina MacBook Pro models have removable storage, but they sadly use a proprietary drive.
The Retina MacBook Pros also have drives that can be replaced. However, Apple decided to use a proprietary drive instead of the M.2 format for no other reason than to make the customer's lives harder.
Everyone pays for ads. Even the Apple ecosystem has a ton of ads. The TV has a bunch of ads all over the home screen. The App Store is nothing but an app for more ads about other apps. The music app is one big ad for Apple Music. 

Theme parks, grocery stores, even local coffee shops are going to have ads in them. Ads everywhere and they're not going anywhere anytime soon. 
2012 is not old for a Mac.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUaJ8pDlxi8
Oh I thought you meant you were on 10.11. 10.10 is already unsupported and vulnerable to all the nasty Meltdown and Specter crap. Just don’t use your Mac Pro online and you’ll be fine. 
Except it’s a low power device that everyone has. As I pointed out already, you mentioned a 0.2% electric use in 2010, as of 2014 it’s up to 2%. What your defending is a continued and exponential increase in power when the goal should be to make it lower. 

I’m not surprised that someone who profits from electricity usage is defending an increase in electricity usage. 
You say the power consumption is so low that it doesn’t matter I say that we should be doing everything possible to lower our energy consumption. Beyond the electricity bill, there’s also the material cost and pollution generates from building all these wireless chargers. 

What you’re defending is an increase in pollution. It doesn’t matter how small you want to tell yourself it is, it all adds up.

It’s funny because my quick google search netted a 2% electric total from the article I found... from the same website. https://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business/2014/sep/10/energy-consumption-behind-smart-phone

Then again, my article is newer than yours and it’s not hard to imagine that the percentage has gone up even more so in the last four years (eight since your article was written).

And that is my problem. Oh it’s just a little extra here. A little bit more there. Oh it’s fine, it’s just a small increase... before you know it, the world is using exponentially more electricity and still relying of fossil fuels to do it. Remember, these devices are made from rock an oil. We don’t need a reason to increase energy consumption. 
What’s trash about it? Already we’ve got an example of why it’s not trash... since it helps you move things... to the the trash!

By the end of this summer you’ll basically have no choice but to use a new OS. You’ll no longer get any security updates.
> I don't think anyone wants to battle a rich company like Apple in court

You’re joking right? Apple faces lawsuits all the time (and they settle all the time as well). Heck, most of the lawsuits wind up turning into ~~recalls~~ repair extension programs. I found r one look forward to a day when a law firm doesn’t settle and make the case decision precident.

> I take a big issue with the fact that I can't open/repair a physical device that I legally own.

You are far from being alone on this. As a matter of fact, this sentiment is probably the majority... that’s why it has to be made into a legal matter. 
You’re point is that it uses more electricity? There are literally a billion of these devices all over the world. If everyone was using the inefficient wireless chargers, that’s a huge up tick in power consumption.
I mean I’d at least try the generic meme subs. Not sure what the rules are for each of them but this meme is kinda popular lately and the Reddit community as a whole is up and up on the tech world overall. 
How is that a problem? Apple’s 90-day limited warranty only covers parts that were replaced. 

Hypothetically, if Apple replaced the logic board and a month later a second logic board is needed because it turns out the PSU is bad.... that means Apple didn’t do their job properly and missdiagnosed the issue. Maybe Apple shouldn’t be so cocky naming their technicians “Geniuses” if their worried they can’t do a simple task like repairing a computer... you know... their job. 
But if they’ve found something criminal against the president, no punishment would be given if the legislative branch is full of Trump sympathizers. It would mean all of Muller’s and his teams work would be for nothing. 

I’m not expecting anything. I’m just speculating like everyone else.
Is anyone else bothered by the fact that no matter where you are in the world, if you play this game, the US Government gets a copy of the data collected?
Consumer protection laws don’t protect your data from government requests. 
If I wanted to, I could take apart my entire car, put it back together, and if something didn’t work afterword the local authorized auto shop would be more than happy to take my money to repair it. They wouldn’t deny service due to the circumstances in the manner Apple is. 

Apple is a for profit business. They not only have the time but they have the means to bill accordingly. Simply because, “they don’t know what’s wrong” is a huge and almost insulting statement. Do you honestly believe that Apple couldn’t figure out what parts have been tampered with or are defective? If that’s the case, Apple isn’t nearly as adept at hardware as most fans believe. You’re not giving Apple enough credit. 

If all in ones are known to be non repairable, why does Apple continue to sell them? Selling a complex device that is unable to be repaired is far from eco friendly and goes against their green propaganda. It also goes against the fact that Apple performs repairs on all-in-ones  every f***ing day since all-in-ones are basically the only thing Apple makes!

This in fact concerns every single basic average user who buys an iPhone. On a daily basis, Apple denies repairs to iPhone users who have had repairs done by a third party. Accidents happen and people do in fact break their Apple devices and take them to places that Apple has not approved. Many of these repairs are done without the user even knowing that there are authorizations to begin with. Sometimes it’s proximity. Millions of apples customers live hours away from authorized repair centers or Apple stores. Sometimes the best option is to get your iPhone repaired by someone unauthorized. (There are also plenty of bad AASP’s and Apple Store staff members that it’s possible for a customer to be burned by Apple in the past and do not want them touching their products again). 

Now at a time when Apple will actively throttle iPhones with “consumed” batteries, they will turn down performing a battery replacement simply because someone else replaced the display. This is absolutely insane. Apple’s software will even continue to throttle or even brick devices outright who have had third party repairs. That is not okay.

Finally, LTT has said that they system won’t turn on and they admit to being at fault for the issues. Beyond the physical damage, it’s purely speculation as to what other components are broken though (if any at all since it’s possible the device won’t turn on because of something built in by Apple that bricks a device that’s worked on by an unauthorized person). Typically when a computer doesn’t turn on, there’s ways to narrow down the issue in a few hours. For Apple to be incapable of figuring out what is wrong with the machine implies the job title of Genius is more condescending than ever before. It is impossible for the repair to cost more than the machine and if it did then Apple truly built on if the least efficient computers ever built.
Despite my feelings and thoughts on the matter.... this is a funny meme. Nice job OP. You need to repost this meme on other subs.
There should be one coax cable coming out of the ground or coming from the lines hanging above your roads. Everything else should plug into that cable...

But even if you plugged everything in, your cable ISP provider still isn't going to magically turn on your internet until a rep visits your home and tells the system to start flowing bits to and from your modem. Plus the chance that your home might not even be plugged into the node in your neighborhood since the last tenant canceled their service. The cable rep would need to physically plug that in or tell the system to start working for your line.
I sincerely hope that LTT has he legal stamina to take Apple to court over this. True it would only help Canadians... so I hope someone in the US a takes Apple for court over this policy. Apple pulls this shit all the time on iPhone users who have paid for third party repairs.
No

https://store.apple.com/Catalog/US/Images/wty-refurb.html
The 90-day replacement part warranty Apple gives to people who have OOW repairs done by Apple only cover parts that were replaced during the repair.

https://store.apple.com/Catalog/US/Images/wty-refurb.html
>I don't think consumer protection laws apply when both parties are businesses

The laws that protect people from stuff like this in the auto industry do. Businesses who own fleets of vehicles don't have their warranties flat out voided after a third party repairs their trucks or vans or whatever.

>Samsung smart TV

Significantly less components in there, but yes, Samsung will repair products that a consumer has broken.

>Or a Surface Pro?

Do you have any examples of Microsoft denying people repairs that people are willing to pay for? They repair XBoxes all the time even when a user breaks or opens them.

>If Samsung or Microsoft considered the device to be beyond repair, would there be a similar outcry?

Yes there would because it would go against their documented history of repairing things that users break.
>How much energy does it cost to produce all those wired charging ports?

A lot less that all the copper coils and components that have to go in a wireless charger. Remember, you still need to have all the other components that make up a wired charger plus all the bits and paces that allow it to be wireless.
That's not what I've heard or seen.
Even if it was at 85%, that's still a huge amount of wasted power.
I didn't say you said that it was okay... are you implying that you think Apple's actions are not okay?

LTT and those who open Apple products without Apple's permission are not asking for service under warranty. They are asking to pay for a repair.

>This has been a problem for a long, long time.

Glad we agree.
> deliberately hiding the context and making a saga where none existed.

Please elaborate on this some more.
>If you wreck your car and it cost more to repair that to buy a new one then why bother.

Aside from the fact that there is no way the damaged parts are more than the value of the computer... your analogy literally doesn't matter. If a customer is willing to pay for the car to be repaired, the shop is going to do it and gladly take your money. 

Also keep in mind that the auto industry has laws in place to protect consumers from this exact kind of situation.
Please stop using the auto industry as examples unless you are fully aware of the fact that the auto industry has laws in place to protect consumers from the exact BS that Apple is pulling here.
Apple did in fact state this as the reason for not repairing the product. The store they took it to was unable to obtain parts because they have to specify how the product failed. Apple's policy is to not repair products that have been opened up by non-authorized people.
Except in this case the computer is not totaled. Also, it's a bad idea to use automobile analogies with Apple since there are laws that protect consumers from this very situation.
>Several licensed repair shops can repair them, that shop in particular hadn’t been certified yet.

Except Apple doesn't offer a certification yet.... So in effect that means there are no licensed repair shops that can do the repair.
> Apple doesn't do partial repairs, AFAIK.

Who is asking for only part of the computer to be repaired?

>It would have been cheaper for them to buy a new iMac.

Then there is something wrong with the costs for parts and labor in Apple's repair ecosystem.

>It's like totalling your car and wanting the insurance company to fix it rather than giving you money toward a replacement car.

Not the best idea to use cars as an analogy here. With the auto industry, customers can get their cars repaired at any shop they want and the manufacturer won't void their entire warranty or refuse to repair the car down the line.

As for the idea that this was a total loss... even if the display, logic board, and PSU were hosed, that still leaves the 2x SSD's, the Xeon CPU, the AMD Vega GPU, all 32 GB of EEC RAM, speakers, keyboard, mouse.... all the cables and screws inside it... It's not a loss, it's not even close to being totaled.
>So even if Apple wanted to fix it, they couldn't.

But that's the thing. Apple *could* fix it. Apple doesn't want to.
> broke the screen, and damaged the logic board and PSU.

> The machine is a total loss.

On what planet is the machine a total loss? The combined sum of those parts and labor doesn't come close to the cost of the machine.
In what world is that okay?
> Here’s the biggest issue, he’s voided the warranty in a spectacular way.

Why does it matter if the warranty was void if they are willing to pay for the repair? That's literally how every other company does business.

> Even if he pays double the cost of the iMac just to fix it, Apple then have to give a warranty on the repair. 

Apple only offer's a [90-day limited warranty](https://store.apple.com/Catalog/US/Images/wty-refurb.html) on repairs and only on the parts that were replaced. What's wrong about fixing issues if the components fails within that time period?

>That then puts them in all sorts of shit if something else is broken due to his tampering.

Not much shit at all. Only the parts that get replaced have the warranty you speak of. If Apple puts in parts that fail within three months, that's not a good sign when it comes to Apple's repair process in general.

> Essentially, if they repair it, because they know what he’s done they’re going to have to inspect and possibly even replace every single component just to be able to safely offer that renewed warranty.

Wrong. Apple will only warranty parts that are replaced in a repair.

> None of this is worth doing for Apple and his childish whining just shows how petty he’s being.

As opposed to Apple's childish refusal to repair a product? Or Apple's childish practice of not even offering a third party way to repair it?

> It’s not like it was an accident 

What wasn't an accident?

> and the issues can be pinpointed with diagnostics, 

You mean Apple's Diagnostics that only looks at what the SMC is reporting at the time of the diagnostics running? YOu do realize that the SMC does fail as well. I helped a client who had a 5k iMac that would randomly shut off on it's own. Four times I took it into the Apple Store only for it to pass the diagnostics every single time. After demanding that they keep it testing until it failed... What do you know, the iMac randomly shut off on it's own in front of Apple's "Geniuses"

Sorry, but you are flat out wrong. Diagnostics do not always report issues.

>he took the whole thing apart.

Nothing inherently wrong with doing that.

>Removed parts that were never supposed to be removed 

Really? Then how does Apple repair them?

>and now for some reason he feels he’s entitled to make the manufacturer do something about his stupidity.

Okay... and Apple is somehow entitled to shun anyone asking to pay for a repair on devices that were not opened by "authorized" people. This happened at the Apple Store on a daily basis. People who have had their shattered glass replaced by a third party get turned away for battery replacements. 

> When I first saw his video I thought “Man, I love Apple, but they’re absolute dicks sometimes” but the more I read into it I realized Apple aren’t being unreasonable at all. They’ve seen what he’s done and want no part of it. 

Except now Apple has put themselves in the hot seat. They have refused and do not offer any means to repair a product simply because someone opened it who doesn't have permission from Apple. This is something that the customers owned. It's not Apple's iMac anymore. The customer is willing to pay for service and Apple is refusing. That's not right.

>It’s not a stance they’d take on an everyday consumer, it’s a stance they’ve taken on him because of his actions.

EXCEPT IT IS!!!!  Apple Store's around the world turn iPhone users down all the time as stated before. It's Apple's policy not to repair things that unauthorized people have opened or worked on. Apple pulls this card with customers on a daily basis.


Why not make a video targeted at Apple and their hardware?

There’s plenty of YouTube action going on from Louis Rossmann and now some scandles coming from Linus Tech Tips. Combine that with their history of intentionally bricking device, thermal throttling (I bet that’s why your test in the last podcast had the MacBook render taking twice as long, Apple refuses to properly cool their products so renders take longer in general), forced secret throttling with iPhones (a problem that’s only solved by buying a new battery, oh and since Apple’s policy is to only support products that authorized persons have worked on, that means only Apple batteries are supported).... their green and eco friendly propaganda says nothing about reuse or reduce, they only care about recycling when it’s the other two that actually have a positive effect on the environment.... ugh! I’ve been an Certified Apple Consultant for about a decade now. Shit has really sucked some beefy Dick in the Apple ecosystem over the years. Fuck Apple. Tear them a new one. 
**Worst Case:** North Korea is getting ready to surprise attack the fuck out of the world. 
“Pawned off for drug money”

Fuck you op. I had to sell my parents shit because there was no way for me to keep it all. 
Dude, and the rules got worse than when it was just medical. I’m not going to be complicit.
Except that fraction is 1/2. So if everything were wirelessly charged then you need 50% more energy than before. 
Completely unacceptable. 

There is no good reason for Apple to do this intentionally and they better fix the issue if it was by mistake.

Could you imagine if Ford pulled the same stunt? It’s a good thing repair laws are so well flushed out in the auto industry. We have the choice of who repairs our products and we should not be forced to use one repair center over another. I’ve seen plenty of Geniuses and AASPs do low quality and low effort work on Macs. Enough at least to justify the need for third party options. It’s not even about the money. Sometimes a store has repeatedly done a bad job and you’d be a fool for thinking that the fourth or fifth time would result in anything different. 

I am sick and tiered of Apple’s outrageous repair policies. 
What phone was it with? Is the phone less than a year old? Did you buy the case at the same time? Did you get AppleCare? Did you pay with a card or Apple Pay? Did your receipt get emailed? There are a lot of ways they can verify a purchase date without a receipt. Especially if the product didn’t exists that long ago. I mean, someone walking in with an iPhone 8 doesn’t need to prove they bought it within the last year. 
Technically any hardware issue could be called physical damage. If/when a GPU fails in a MacBook, that’s something physical. If something fails due to a flaw in construction, even though it’s physical, it should still be covered. 

To OP: Contact Apple and complain. If the damage is not your fault because there was a defect and you’re still within either your one year warranty or AppleCare, Apple should have no problem replacing your case. 
They’re made to fall apart easily?
Imo, your best bet is to just start playing around. Try and do what you used to do on your PC. The only difference is that the buttons look a little different or are in slightly different places. If you don’t know what something does, click on it. If you get stuck and can’t find something use the help menus at the top and search for what you need. 


What’s wrong with the Pixel’s display?
Screw that! Post it on the internet so Apple gets there lazy ass out of the break room and actually fix the issue. I’m sick of how Apple constantly forces annual upgrades on us. Adding superficial features while ignoring huge security flaws and glitches. Only telling Apple means that they don’t have to do anything about the issue. Kudos to OP for bringing up what they found. 
Until wireless charging becomes as efficient as a tethered charging, forcing everyone to use only Qi style charging is a bad idea for the environment. 
Except there is a huge power loss when using inductive charging. It’s bad for the environment. 
iTunes used to have a dark mode when you viewed things in the album layout. iPhoto even gave users a slider to adjust the background color from near-white to almost-black. 

Bottom line is that it’s easier on the eyes not to be staring at a bunch of white space on our screens. 
And the other guy is still right about expecting to get more for your money. 
It better not be. If they do make it the last iOS for that model, Apple better continue to offer security updates for at least another two years like they do on macOS.
Why would you use a longer abbreviation for CPU?
It would still be nice to use iOS apps on macOS.
I would like to see Apple build a mechanical keyboard for once. The membrane style is too squishy feeling.
Why not build it into the power button of the computer like with the laptops?
Your cousin is trolling you.
Yeah they did that with the second gen because the first one only came in 4GB and the second came in two sizes.
It's almost as if both ways are good and we should have the choice to have notifications viewed a certain way.
Every single one of my clients have had to get their's swapped out at least once. Beyond their reliability, they also need to stop using [rivets](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KuVvb9DTaU) to hold them together.... (trigger warning, the link is a Louis Rossmann
video)
Also, the second gen colors are brighter while the first gen was more pastel.
I'm glad we agree. Apple should have fixed the issue.
>how likely do you think the average buyer is to run into this issue?

First of all, this issue shouldn't be an issue to begin with. the fact that Apple has such a piss poor policy with how repairs are managed is the problem here.

The odds of it happening is not zero and Apple has a responsibility to repair their products especially one that's so new. When the first iPhone came out, stores kept a bundle of brand new iPhones in the back specifically to swap out with customers who broke their phones no matter what the reason. They didn't just tell people, oh well since it was your fault we don't have to help you. 

The odds of a customer running into this issue is far grater than you seem to realize. Anyone who has used a kiosk in a mall to get their screen repairs on an iPhone can no longer get service at an Apple Store. This happens on a daily basis. My friend who still works at the local store has told me that it's common to turn customers away who (for example) want a new Apple battery in their iPhone but had previously replaced the glass by a third party.

Not everyone lives near an Apple Store or near an AASP. Sometimes, things break and the repair has to be done by an unauthorized person or by the user... because being iMac Pro certified is kinda bullshit. It's not rocket science. But once that happens Apple will turn that computer away no matter what the other issues might be simply because someone opened it without Apple's permission.

>"if you break your iMac Pro in such a way that you can't get Apple to just swap it for a new one, they don't have in-store repair parts available yet!"

You clearly don't work in journalism.... or write... that's not a good title. It's also not accurate since parts are available. The reason parts cannot be obtained for this repair is for two reasons, Apple does not repair products opened by unauthorized people and they do not offer certification to AASP's to work on the iMac Pro at all. In other words, Apple refused to repair an iMac Pro.
>They're leading with "Apple REFUSED..."

Because Apple did refuse to repair the product.

>They don't seem to be interested in documenting what happened so much as pulling in as many outraged views as possible.

Like what for example are these outrages views you speak of? 

>it looks like parts aren't available yet

They're not available because the Genius has to list the reason for repair. When the reason is because an unauthorized person opened up the device and broke something, the part cannot be issued to the Apple Store.

Of course the parts exist. How else are they able to build brand new ones?
Nice!
Okay, I’ll let Trump take this 100% as his own success if the rest of the nation will finally agree that the reason Korea is split in the first place was entirely the USA’s fault. 
It’s all timing. It’s like making a tobacco smoker quit, they can only do it when they are ready. There’s finally a younger leader who is running out of options. They have a large population of people who know their nation is fucked up. NK is risking all out rebellion/mutiny/revolt by keeping itself separate from the world. They just sent a bunch of their best citizens to Soul and saw how fucking amazballz the rest of the world is. They’re afraid that there is a greater chance of a foreign invasion. 

All that combined makes it a good opportunity to seek peace. Question is, will they follow through and who is going to make requests/demands that will jeopardize the whole thing first?
I was just down in LA/OC visiting family and friends. Everyone constantlywatned me about the insane two hour traffic I was going to hit to get from one end to the other... fools... I’m on vacation and I’m not driving during rush hour! Not once did I hit any crazy traffic all week. The only point I ran into a slow down was on part of the 5 where there was construction going on. Other than that, it was smooth sailing. 
I always think new as in new to the user. When people buy used things they’ll still say, “I got a new whatever.”
Parts are available though.... there just not available on repairs where an unauthorized person has opened the device. This isn’t a part constraint issue. This is an Apple repair policy issue. 

Accidents happen. People break stuff sometimes right after they take it out of the box. Apple knows this. They have the parts available. 

So wait, instead of not believing LTT outright, you believe their video is clickbait? Explain. Since Apple’s policy has been made clear, and you yourself can ask Apple and they will tell you that their policy is to not repair products that unauthorized people have opened. Why is a post that reflects negatively on Apple get  classified click bait? This is Apple’s policy after all. It does line up with the chain of events laid out by LTT. 

What could possibly be missing from this story that you refuse to believe?
It sounds like you need to repartition the drive properly. What exactly did you do when you installed the windows iso?
Actually, you can defrag an SSD. The latest Drive Genius will do it. It’s not recommended because of the shorter lifespan per writable bit on an SSD, but doing it once for a situation like this is not a bad thing. 

If OP didn’t want to buy extra software, they could use their Time Machine backup drive, use it’s recovery partition, and then erase and reinstall their data. This will put all OP’s data together and allow boot camp to partition the drive.
They didn’t shatter, they would bounce and crack. 

Issuing a brand new machine over a repair is far from eco-friendly. Reduce, reuse, and recycle. 
Because you haven’t been wronged by Apple, you believe Apple can do no wrong? What could possibly be facts LTT is leaving out?

I think the reason you believe there is more to the story than the facts is the sad fact that you disagree with Apple’s repair policy and refuse to admit that Apple has a bad policy. 

Go ahead. Ask Apple. If an unauthorized person opens up a product, Apple will no longer service the product. That’s there policy. That’s what happened. 

Then the problem is made worse when it turns out even official Apple certified repair professionals don’t even have the opportunity to do a repair on said product simply because Apple offers no way to be certified. 
How does it make sense to release a product no one is allowed to be certified to repair?
I still use a third gen Apple TV. I set up a few fourth and fifth gens for other people and I just don’t see the need. While waiting for Apple to let Amazon in, I got a Fire Stick and it turned out to be a great alternative. I’ve wound up using it more than the Apple TV. It’s basically just an AirPlay hub for me at this point.

A long time ago I bought the Star Wars XBox 360 that came with a Kinect, I didn’t play a lot of games with it and found myself only using it for streaming. But on the plus side it made binge watching really easy. “XBox, play next episode.” I wound up selling it.
I stopped using a case with my old 5S. With my 6s Plus, I just recently started using those skins from D Brand. They offer enough protection for me and how I abuse my phone and don’t add to my phones girth. Also, the white marble with my black bezel looks sooooo good. 
My only complaint when it comes to craftsmanship is when the way it’s built is outlasted by the hardware’s specs. I have recycled hundreds of MacBooks, Pros, and Airs. More often than not they are still great machines except Apple’s OS no longer supports them and doesn’t offer any security updates for them. To that end, moat people don’t need a machine to be built to such a degree. 

The problem with aluminum is the way it bends. One of the best aspects of the old iBooks and MacBooks were that they could take a bit more abuse while not becoming deformed. 
I would also like to be able to set how long banner notifications stay on the screen. Grouping an app’s notification together. Grouping them so that all of one app falls under one notification object. This would especially be helpfull with the watch. 
What’s funny is that when Steve Jobs introduced iPhone, he proudly stated that the best part with a touch screen was how easy it is to add buttons and features. 
Except by removing the feature you have to actively spend resources in doing so. Plus support staff have to be taught that the feature is gone, but Apple doesn’t do that often. More often then not it’s when a customer brings it up with an Apple rep that they learn about a features removal (and often times the same is true for new features) 
Why? Apple’s policy is to not repair products that an unauthorized person worked on? What more explanation do you need?

What do you have against LTT?
And how is that policy logical?
It’s a bit depressing. 
What did you do with your iPhone 7?

I guess I wasn’t clear. I’m not talking about people who reuse their phones. I’m talking about the people who participate in annual upgrade programs or those who turn in their phone to Apple as opposed to those who pass it onto someone else directly. By passing it onto another user, the phone doesn’t have to go through a wasteful refurbishment process. Seriously, the amount of waste that Apple puts into refurbishing a phone is unnecessary. Just fix what’s broken and don’t worry if the case has a scratch in it.

Sell it or give it to someone directly is good. Handing it back to the manufacturer is not nearly as good. 
What’s your point and how does that change my stance on people who buy new phones every year or every other year who don’t need it? I should have been more clear about my recycling bit. I’m talking about the people who are specifically trading in their phone to the Apple Store when they buy a new one. The people recycling as opposed to reusing. Some of the ways a phone can be reused is by repairing or making sure the phone is used by someone else without going through Apple’s wasteful refurbishment/recycling process.


Maybe it wasn’t a black hole. Maybe it was something created by future people and it resembled a black hole. 
It’s not that they don’t just have the part. They also don’t have someone “qualified” to do the repair. 

Why can’t they swap it? That’s what they do for OOW iPhones, iPads, Apple TVs, Watches, and I’ve seen them do it with MacBooks of all denominations as well. They’ve have also done it with their CRUs in general. Something I had done with my Quad Core 2.5 GHz Power Mac G5.  Since he radiator and CPU block were restrained parts, I was promptly given an Eight Core 2.8 GHz Mac Pro. Granted, I had AppleCare, but what difference should that make for LTT’s situation? The customer pays for the parts, labor, and fees. Apple gets a bunch of working parts to use in future repairs... clearly they don’t have enough to go around. 

They have the explanation, or should I say, Apple’s poor excuse. At 1:11 the Apple rep says, “...typically if a Mac is taken apart by someone other than an authorized technician, we can typically no longer service the Mac.”

LTT was declined a repar. Another Apple rep states at 2:26, “If they are unable to obtain the parts, they wouldn’t be able to repair the iMac.” Apple told LTT, that the parts would not be sent to the store. 

LTT then tried to take it to an AASP, but the AASP isn’t allowed to do the repair on the grounds hat Apple doesn’t even offer a certificate that allows anyone to do a repair on an iMac Pro. They also cannot sell the parts at all to the customer to do the repair themselves. 

Does any of that sounds acceptable to you? Remember, the parts aren’t available because they refuse to give them to anyone. The parts do exist though.... so wtf?

What, aside from the source as well as the screenshots of official Apple responses, would qualify as proper evidence to you?
Yep. That’s exactly right. I feel like that would be a logical feature for a card like these since odds are that people buying the cards won’t have the internal connection either. I guess people don’t usually change cases on an old build very often. 

Thanks. 
> I've never heard of Apple refusing to fix something flat-out

Then you have been living in a very comfortable Apple bubble. Apple Stores have turned down repairs left and right. Most of the time it's when a customer replaces a part on their own with a third party one.

>I'd bet on "you'll need to get the unit swapped" followed by a "no".

LTT isn't known for omitting major details like that. Edit: and they also state the official reason from Apple, the repair will not be done because an unauthorized user opened the computer. 
What’s sad is the number of people replacing their perfectly functional devices. Resuce, reuse, and then recycle. Apple is so quick to focus on the last one since that means greater profits and growth at the cost of the environment. I sincerely hope that Apple’s eco friendly propaganda shifts to encouraging iPhone users to keep on using their iPhones for longer than a year or two. Reduce. Reuse.
I moved the argument onto asthmatics because you don’t even bother budging on the topic of function. The topic isn’t just about functionality after all. It’s about how stupid Apple’s mouse is overall. Overall it’s a stupid design. 

Great job avoiding my direct question to you btw. 
It’s funny because you literally have to break the law to do what you’re talking about. Two wrongs don’t make a right. 
Wow... so you’re advice to someone buying a new desktop is to either buy an extra mouse (creating more waste) or buy a four year old computer? You’re defending Apple so hard that you’re starting to sound dumb. 

Can we at least agree that the Apple Store should offer the option to buy an iMac or iMac Pro with a trackpad without having to wait for it to ship? 
Except if I buy an iMac or iMac Pro at the Apple Store, I have no choice but to buy Apple’s poorly designed mouse. 
No cop is going to give someone a ticket for trying to get to a hospital to save a life. If they did, a hundred lawyers would beg to take that case. The district attorney would laugh at the cop. The judge would take the written testimony from the doctor who states that it saves my dad’s life, and the case/ticket would be thrown out. 

Stop trying to justify obstructing traffic as if you’re a cop. You’re not. You’re just another schmuck on the road trying to get from point A to point B. While you might not like it, some people have legitimate reasons to go faster than you and use safe means to get to their destination. 

Try this for once, assume positive intent. 
It literally takes 2 seconds to plug in a change cable with any other wireless mouse. Apples mouse literally looks ugly while charging. Apple made a bad looking while it’s charging. That’s not normal for Apple.
You mean ceramic watch *faces* are not fads? Because a ceramic watch implies the face and band are ceramic...

Ceramic watches (including bands) have been popular since the 1960s.
Don’t worry, the comments here are full of white knights blindly defending Apple for their poor decisions. 
Apple has always focused on looks and presentation, going so far as to proudly showing off the back sides of their products. Steve Jobs once proudly stated that, “our back sides look better than their front sides” (or something like that)... but when the mouse is just resting at your desk getting it’s charge... it looks uglier than any solution ever conceived by any brand to charge an accessory. 

It’s a dumb design. Looks dumb. It’s functionally handicapped. Stop defending Apple. 
That’s still not the same as a mouse with two separate buttons. Many apps allow for both buttons to be pressed simultaneously and Apples mice are incapable of that function. 
Both the latest keyboards and trackpads from Apple all allow the the cable plugged in while in use.
Ah not if you honk your horn like a mad man and drive through the intersection anyway. It’s the same technique an ambulance uses. They don’t just rip through intersections blindly. That’s what I did when my dad needed to get to the ER. Fuck traffic laws when there’s an emergency. Drive smart and safe, but there’s no need to wait for a green light when people are dying. 
It’s not even a rural thing. Response times are not instant. Due to family health stuff, I know that calling an ambulance here in suburbia means about a 20 minute wait before the EMTs actually pick up the person and shove them in the truck. As opposed to just getting in the car and going, that’s an eternity.
My dad needed to go to the hospital right away sure we could call 911 and then wait about 15 minutes before they arrive, or leave now and drive like an ambulance to said hospital. Yeah, option b literally saved my dad’s life. Every doctor at the hospital told me I made the right choice. I drove in the shoulder. If that action netted me a cop to try and pull me over, I wouldn’t have cared. I would have kept on driving to the hospital and called 911 to tell them to escort me instead of trying to pull me over.
The luxury watch market is full of high end ceramic watches with matching ceramic wrist bands. It seems silly for Apple to not make a ceramic band in the same or similar style to the stainless steel link band. 
Trusted source? Who cares? It’s not like the banks and credit companies we use haven’t had major security breaches. That combined with how easy it is to dispute a charge, it’s not like there’s anything to lose by shopping on a site that’s not trusted... whatever that means. So long at the site is https, it really shouldn’t matter.
It’s almost as if people treat their products differently or something. Combine that with the manufacturer’s budget on build quality... and you wind up with some people that say they work great and others who say they suck Moof tits. 

That being said, there’s a reason why every Apple store literally has a bin full of hundreds of replacement headphones ready and waiting for warranty swaps.  
Considering how most states have laws in the book requiering slower traffic to move over for people traveling faster... technically the action of preventing people to pass is also against the law. I sincerely wish traffic laws and punishments were similar to that of Germany’s autobahn. 
You know the reason why it has such a good resell value is because it’s still a really good phone. I got a new battery in my 6s Plus and the thing is like new again. Literally the only spec that matters to me at all is the OLED display. I’m not paying $1,200 for that privilege. I switch to Android before paying that much to replace a phone that already does everything. But that’s the thing, it does what I need it to do and still works. The things that don’t work are mainly just complaints that only get worse with a X. Reduce, reuse, and then recycle. For obvious reason, Apple is mainly a fan of the last item on that list. Unless they want their taxes reduced! Hey-ooo! Zing! But seriously, trying to consume less is a goal of mine overall and I’m still very happy with my 6s Plus. I have wanted a smaller screen ever since I was past the return policy, but I’ve put up with it in favor of the stabilizes camera... but if I needed to I could just find a used 7 and be a happy camper. 
Because it takes too many taps to get to what you want. 
What’s left to explain? You get pleasure from other people’s failures. I feel sorry for you. It must suck to live life waiting for more things to go wrong so you can be happy.
It’s not weird at all and easy for companies to adapt to. Brand loyalty is with the... well you know.... the brand. It’s not like the “gaming” brands within the main brand have any reach over into one another. Like Republic of Gamers is just ASUS. So people will still look for ASUS. Plus people who are for whatever reason loyal to begin with are also going to want to stick with AMD or NVIDIA. Requiring ASUS and the rest to make branding more clear between the two makes complete sense. As of now, the box art between the top of the line 1080 and 580 from ASUS look almost identical. How is that logical? What’s under the hood should be the focus of the primary branding. I mean for crying out loud, you said it yourself, there’s a reason why companies spend billions on branding. As of right now, for the lay person you’re talking about, it’s hard to distinguish between AMD and Nvidia from the box art and such from all the makers aside from a small bit that’s either red or green. The names should be different. 
Also worth looking into Reddit’s policies overall. Asking for upvotes is against [Reddiquette](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette). 
There’s something wrong with your if you get pleasure from someone else’s failures. It’s cynical. 
If you don’t get it ahead of time you can just add it on web you’re here. I found it to be way to easy to get fast passes with this thing. As soon as I’m in line for one fast pass I got, I can get on the app and make another one. Depending on the time restrictions, I even managed to snag two fast passes at a time (the app lets you know when you’re allowed to order more again and sometimes that’s before the time of the first fast pass you got). 
I’m just on vacation and I swear I’m surrounded by Pixar employees today. 
I just watched it about 30 minutes ago (this is Wednesday). Not bad. The coco part got the biggest applause and most cheers for sure. Sounds like they’re just starting the Pixar stuff as they can. It almost looks like Splash Mountain will be ready early too... but maybe not but it’d be nice to ride it before I leave Anaheim on Friday. 
Why do you love to see people fail?
If a train traveling to Connecticut is traveling 60 MPH and a train traveling to Delaware is traveling 55 MPH, how many explosives will it take for both trains to be late to their destination?

None, all you need is a drunk TJ Miller.
Have you deleted your account? No? Oh you did? Either way, that means you have/had one and Woz is waaaaaay more important that you or I. If he deleted his account, that’s a big move from a big guy.... and a move that is only in jest since Facebook doesn’t actually delete anything...
Oh I like that answer. Everything before the 6 was so slow that having a crappy battery doesn’t matter. 
How does it make it less competitive though? Grats, you know what they’re going to call the new gaming card.... how is that a bad thing? 
Good job. You decided to chime into a comment thread to state the obvious. 
It’s rushed because Apple is the one rushing the rest of the industry. 
Why do you assume that? Couldn’t Asus make the Nicosia gaming brand the shitty name?
Yeah, essentially it mean that instead of Asus selling a Strix gaming card in both AMD and Nvidia variations, Asus will now have to have Strix gaming be just one or the other chip and then come up with a new marketing hype name for the other chip. 

Basically that means more work for every brands marketing departments and that’s it. 
Jitter can be caused by either a weak signal due to range, battery life, or the surface you’re using. Speed should be adjustable in system preferences under mouse and tracking speed. 

Imo, even the cheep free mice that come with a Dell is an upgrade from Apple’s nice. Also worth considering the trackpad from Apple if you’re not using it to play any games. 
What web browser are you using? Check and remove any and all add-ons and/or extensions. You met have added. 
Unfortunately the program ended last year. You can try calling Apple customer service and ask nicely. 
I thought anything older than a 7 with a “consumed” battery running at least 10.2.1 would throttle. 
Right.... and at the end of that survey process you learn that PCIe, M.2, slots for RAM, are all three things that all use cases would want. This has he added benefit of being eco friendly. Less factory power is needed to fill warehouses wit duplicate hardware because Apple decided to make a special cable. NVIDIA/AMD already make their hardware so that you only need one driver. Other add on cards know that they are sold responsible for supporting drivers as they are with Windows *or* macOS. Because even as a Thunderbolt accessory, drivers and software are still an issue.... speaking of! Maybe if Apple didn’t insist on making a new OS every single freaking year, 3rd parties wouldn’t have so much trouble making software for macOS. Apple is known to drop support for things without warning every year. Every year, Apple puts banner ads on everyone’s Macs proclaiming the new OS and all it’s glory. Little do the masses know that it was only widely beta tested for a month or so and that it will be up to new and old users alike to speak out about the things that are clearly broken with the OS. Apple has huge security threats. They continue to sell seriously outdated hardware at top of the line prices. seriously, don’t buy the cheapest Mac. That’s as dumb as buying any of the cheap PCs. Your data isn’t private and Apple still gives it away. Still waiting for Tim Cool to say that he’s against PRISM...

Sigh... I got way off topic. My point is that Apple is dumb sometimes. In the case of the the missing PowerMac Pro.... they’re downright stupid. 
This isn’t about administrative privileges. This about being able to delete data on an account. Even the most restrictive office server will give users the ability to delete their personal data. 

I repeat, if we choose to delete our Facebook account, it’s not actually deleted. That’s like purchasing an app but then never getting a copy of the app. You’re clicking one option and the action is doing the opposite.
Make up your mind. He’s either done something wrong or not. You literally just said he’s not wrong and wrong writhing two sentences. 
But he is wrong in doing so. He’s using an important feature that he doesn’t allow the users access to. If I want to delete my account, they don’t. They save the info in their database and continue to sell what info I’ve given. What Zuckerberg is doing essentially admits that there are reasons to want your info removed from a server and he’s not allowing other to do so. It’s hypocritical. 
Do I get to chose what charities they're taken from? If so, then of course I would.
Drivers are the responsibility of the manufacturer. That burden is not on Apple.
I do know Apple and if they do what they have been doing, they're going to build an overpriced specialized machine that will thermal throttle under load.
What? Can you rewrite that to be a bit more coherent? 

>I've never seen an interesting argument

Arguments don't need to be interesting.

>claiming that the spending

What spending and where?

>Apple decided to pretend was connected to the tax cuts

What is there to pretend. Tim Cook has publicly stated to the government that Apple would be willing to bring their cash from overseas if they got a tax break on it.

>was a) connected to the tax cuts

The $350 billion coming to the US from overseas over the next five years is directly tied to the tax cuts planned by the Trump administration. This is not a sentence meant to support or vilify Trump. Just facts.

>or b) that significant of an expenditure for a trillion dollar tech company that, duh, will have to invest a few hundred billion here and there to keep going over the next five years.

I'm not sure what you're trying to say here at all. That the amount they're bringing over the US is a lot or a little.

Keep in mind, my first comment in this thread was simply to clarify what was initially said. *"Apple is investing $350B plus for new jobs..."*

That is a factually inaccurate statement and a misunderstanding of what Apple has said. Apple has much more cash overseas and if they brought it over a year ago they would be subjected to a lot in taxes. Since they've waited for a billionaire president to change the rules, Apple has decided to bring a bunch of cash over. As stated in the article linked a few comments ago, Apple will be investing money over time in the US. The rumor in this post is that $100 billion will go directly into shareholders pockets. Saying "$350B plus for new jobs" is oversimplifying the whole situation.
The stuff you quoted has nothing to do with Apple building a standard box for professionals. It's talking about macOS in the quote.
It was something they always built.... until the trash can came out.
Sigh... what a waste. You know the way the lawn is kept so tidy during transport and installation is because they add a plastic net in the soil that never degrades. The whole industry behind lawns is a complete waste of resources and a burden on the environment. The fuel, water, and time wasted making this artificial nature accessory is by far one of the dumbest industries on the planet. I see engendering-gore when I see shit like this.
I don't know guys.... maybe we should support the 3D film industry. Converting 2D film into 3D images gives Indian's something to do other than tech support and tax scams.

Edit: Proudly downvoted by the people working in a call center preying on the elderly and disabled.
Specifically, look for someone who specializes in low voltage wiring.
There's knowing how to do it and then there's knowing how to do it right. Someone who's spent 100+ hours on a specific task is going to do a better job and do it faster than someone who just learned how to do it the day before. Not saying you can't do it... it's just going to take you longer and you're going to waste some materials along the way.
Take/break apart the Seagate enclosure the HDD is in and then plug the HDD directly into your new enclosure/adapter.

Maybe return the adapter you got and get one of [these instead.](https://www.amazon.com/ORICO-Toolfree-External-Enclosure-Support/dp/B00GAML7OK)
Ah ha... way too buried and not very clear. I already settled on Narwhal and paid the $4 to remove ads.

Thank you for your help though, I really do appreciate it.
What’s there to troll? I only stated facts unlike your comment I replied to. 
Do you have facts to back up this claim about who doesn’t file for taxes?
The regular iPad is also thicker and heavier. Also the FaceTime camera is crap. 
I’m so bummed that the new iPad doesn’t have 3D Touch. 
Just build a regular box for crying out loud. 
That only happens if you press the Touch ID button. You could just rest your finger on it and it will stay on the lock screen with your notifications. 
An internal and unverifiable stat put out my the company who’s only interest is selling you the new expensive phone.... yeah I’m sceptical. Also, how does Face ID know if there’s been a failure since the only way it works is by getting in its line of sight first? How many times have people picked up there phone and had to slide it around before their face is recognized on the “first try?”
Yeah the new one has no ugly notch, the same kind of facial recognition (with the Xbox Kinect style sensors), and a fingerprint sensor. All packed in a phone with and OLED display for almost $300 less than an X. Yeah, sign me up for that kind of phone. 
I bet Apple wanted to use it but wasn’t ready. Now it’s ready and hopefully they’ll implement it in the next version. 
Touch ID can be used without looking at my phone. Sorry, but that’s an immediate timesaver and win over a camera I have to aim at my face. 
How much time is needed to give power users what they want? They have the template. It’s nickname is called a tower. They have standard ports and plugs for PCIe and M.2 and not just a bunch of Thunderbolt. Room for big fans that spin slow and silent but actually keep components below 40°C as opposed to running them at the thermal redline. A tower that can hold multiple standard GPUs for easy upgrading down the line with standard DisplayPort so there’s no adapter needed. User accessible RAM, storage, and the rest. What’s the point of trying to reinvent the wheel here?
According to Siri, 46.2 million people are below the poverty line in the United States. That’s about 14% of the population. While it may not be a majority, that’s still a lot of people. Plus you have to keep in mind that the statistic on what it means to be below the poverty line is outdated in many ways. People can be in poverty while technically above the poverty line simply because the cost of living is so high and wages not increasing as high as inflation. 
They pay a low percentage of taxes because they’ve been keeping the majority of there cash in off shore bank accounts where there in little to no taxes (along with a ton of other strategies that can only be exploited if you’ve got extra money lying around). Trump is allowing people and companies who do this kind of foreign investing a tax break if they decide to bring that money home the the USA. 
Ah... re read the article. That’s $350 billion being spent in the US over the next five years. Only 20k new jobs promised. To put things in perspective, there’s over a million employees working at Foxconn. This $100 billion stock dividend ~~is~~ would be part of that five year plan. 
What stores? All the modern Apple Stores I’ve been in definitely have at least a dozen visible cameras. 
Too bad these wars includ the deaths of millions of inosent men, women, and children. Too bad trillions of dollars are spent on it. Too bad soldiers are still sent into die in these these nations on a daily basis. We don’t have peace. We have the illusion of peace. With western nations leading the charge in far away and forgotten places of the planet. Only seen through the eyes of propaganda. We don’t have trust because we live in a world that is in constant war led by ultra wealthy and greedy individuals who don’t give a fuck about us. 
No full screen mode?
Are they in 4k for the EU?
Ethernet alone shouldn't break HomeKit stuff. That being said, many routers have issues showing devices that are connected differently. Like if your iPhone connects to the 5GHz network but your printer is on the 2.4GHz network, it's possible for the two not to see each other (the older they are the more common this is a problem).
Yeah, send one CAT 5e or 6 cable to your entertainment setup and then attach any old undamaged network switch next to it (I like [these](https://www.amazon.com/TP-Link-Ethernet-Optimization-Unmanaged-TL-SG105/dp/B00A128S24/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1522859292&sr=8-2&keywords=tp+link+unmanaged+switch)). Then the TV, BluRay, cable box, Apple TV, etc. can all get hard lined.
> wifi is more load on the network

How? It's the same load.
So you're looking for an HDMI extension cable? What are you trying to do?

https://www.amazon.com/HDMI-Extender-Extension-High-Speed-Resolution/dp/B00GBBSX4W
Human and doing shit without slapping their names on everything. I have a sinking suspicion that they get hired to work on other people's projects frequently enough to influence the music industry. Also, don't they have families?
>Meanwhile: it's 2017, the West has been at peace for decades

What world does this website live in? The West has been at war with Guatemala, Sierra, Vietnam, Korea, Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan.... seriously, the West has not been at peace since the end of the first World War. This game breaks itself within the first page with this "we have peace now" bullshit.
Apple Insider, Linus Tech Tips, and my own testing when I bought a base model... yeah, it throttles. No surprise. Every single 5k iMac with an i7 does the same. There’s no way a CPU and GPU with double the power consumption of those rigs is going to magically run cooler. 

I can just seen the ~~recall~~ Repair Extension Program now. 
Lololololol!

Clearly you’ve never used one. The damned thing (even the base model) throttles under load and there is no way to manually increase the fan speed. What’s sad is that Apple already ordered a bunch of pre throttles Xeon’s for this machine and yet they still run at the red line. I returned mine and plan on building my own PC (for less) that won’t throttle, run cooler, and render projects faster. Bonus points, my office won’t feel like a sauna this summer. 
Literally every key and clue mission from the book could have been its own movie. Wasn’t going to happen. That and the fact that there are far too many copywriten references that there was no way the story could remain the same. I though the changes were well done. 
I’m being serious. At risk of repeating myself... I thought the movie was great given that it would have been impossible to make one movie with every single pop culture reference from the book. 
It’s a pop culture in general that takes place in a VR MMO. There are references to movies, TV shows, comics, video games, etc. The premise is that this crazy realistic VR game is able to simulate anything and everything. 
Bullshit! I read the book twice and listened to the audiobook with Will Wheaton and the movie was fantastic! Definitely stayed faithful to the original story. There was no way the book could be a shot for shot remake of the book unless they made it three movies long and somehow managed to make trademark deals with every single company on the planet. Not going to happen. The way I see it, the different games they had to play were essentially bonus scenes and and kept in line with the book nicely. It’s like the movie gave use more from the story.

Seriously, this was the first time I read the book before seeing the movie. I was looking forward to shutting on this movie like every other person who’s “read the book” with other movies... but I honestly can’t. The movie was great! At no point did I feel like something left out or changed was a bad decision. 
I just activated Siri on my first gen watch and all it did was show the screen that says, “I’ll tap you when I’m ready...” for about 15 seconds before it told me that my watch and phone are unable to connect to Siri. First try on my 6s Plus and it did the command right away. 
Who wants to place bets on what the last 11.X version number will be before they move onto iOS 12? Price is right rules, so the closest one without going over wins. My bid is 11.6
It cannot. 
> Pretty sure it’s a license deal thing.

But we don’t know that. It’s very likely that it’s a limitation implemented by Apple to encourage the sale of the new Apple TV.
When did stores stop having access to their own security camera feeds?
I wish it had proper cooling. Even the base model iMac Pro thermal throttles. 
How did you get it for $3 a month?
Yeah but the Spotify app isn’t garbage. 
Without an Apple Music subscription, that app becomes one giant mess filled with advertisements. 
You can file a complaint with the FTC over just about anything. If a business rips you off, the FTC is the group to get in touch with. 
Because a lot of people don’t pay attention to what the government does in general. 
What a shitpost. I mean at least make the damned thing legible. What did Ted Nugent even say?
Yeah, watches are way too slow and the screens are way too small for any of the apps to actually be useful in most cases.
Same cable that comes with an iMac Pro.
Oh... you're stuck on iOS 10? Gratz! You are now vulnerable to all the specter/meltdown nonsense. That's Apple for offering security updates to pats iOS versions! /s
No rose colored glasses. Just a calendar and list of updates that shows how Apple used to work on each version longer and weren't rushed to release a new OS every year. Users could reasonably wait for a stable OS before upgrading. There wasn't a need to stay in sync with a mobile OS that gets zero security updates after a new one is released. People could stay on OS 9 comfortably before even wasting their time with OS X.
Yeah... back when it was called Mac OS X and they spent more than a few months working on each version? Yeah I remember that... I also remember when 10.2.8 came out... you know... back when a version was worked on longer and not tied to an annual upgrade cycle that doesn't need to exist in the first place.
Then let the rest of the sub know so they stop blindly praising Apple for their "perfection"
Now now. Let's not put chemtrails (aka cloud seeding) in the same category as a west coast tourist attractions and right wing propaganda, okay?... I'm, just saying.... after looking into that shit on my own... there's at least a sliver of credibility to what all is entailed in chemtrails ( at least a sliver more than Bigfoot).
It's more of a knee-slapping and head-shaking comment based on your lack of facts, sources, reasoning, and general knowledge of this topic. You don't even bother trying to back up your claims. Gratz! You're more hated on this sub than I am! thx!
Source?
Try a new/different-known-working cable and then pop in a new battery. It would be abnormal if it was the connector on the iPod.
So you want developers to wast their time (= money) specializing their apps for an interface that Apple can change at any moment? The planet kind of settled on the non-notch standard long ago when humans invented things like TV, books, and the wheel.

>People had to “get used to” Touch ID yet that was a great feature.

No. No they did not. People got used to Touch ID the same way people got used to taking a piss in a toilet. They said, "Wow! This is way better and more convenient."

With Face ID it's, "Yes. I bow to my phone because I worship the lord an savior Seven Jobs."

(*cough*.. Touch ID is faster since you can unlock your phone before you look at it.)
> did get used to it. Not had to

Anyone who says they, "got used to it" implies that it wasn't something they preferred. Honestly, no one likes a display that has a permanent blind spot... content since the dawn of visual entertainment and art has always been in a shape that din't have a blind spot. If you seriously want to sit there and pretend that it's fine... by all means, pretend that the notch is ideal.

>isn't a 'feature'. It's a requirement

Thank you corporate overlords for this requirement... seriously though... how does that sounds better? It's a requirement for a problem that wouldn't have existed if Apple didn't decide to waste OLED tech on wasted space.

>Consumers have EVERY choice.

Apple makes one phone with an OLED display. I still have my 6s Plus and that kind of display is literally the only thing I want out of my next smartphone. If I want to upgrade within the only ecosystem I've been a part of, *I HAVE NO CHOICE* but to buy a phone that has a wort built into the top of the screen.

Real choice would be offering OLED phones across the board. Let me pick the CPU, resolution, storage capacity (since I can't used a micro SDXC card), battery size, camera, etc., at the time of purchase instead of being pidgin-holed into an abnormal design element that has never existed (nor requested) before.

>No one is forcing you to spend your money on ANYTHING.

That's exactly why I said that I will never buy a phone with a notch in it. Apple won't get mine or a lot of people's money because of the dumb decisions Apple makes. You'd be kidding yourself if thought the notch is actually beneficial in any way shape or form.
Create a playlist with multiple copies of the video =( I think you have to categorize it as a podcast? (it's been a while since I had to do this...)
So what you're saying is, this app is shit and real artist should look elsewhere. got it. thx
> Odds are if you can’t afford it, you (probably) realistically have no need for it either. 

Because art can only (probably) be done right by people who have money.
Fuck the notch.
If only wireless charging wasn't such a waste of electricity.
This will also improve your batteries lifespan. Constantly keeping your battery charged means less wear on it. 
I misspoke in the comment I deleted. Basically, you wouldn’t be the first person who was able to charge their iPod one way and not the other. Try a new cable. The other problem might be with the battery and that the charge indicator is malfunctioning because of an old one. 
First of all, that's not a very nice thing to say. Second, I am constantly reading comments from people who bought an X who say they had to, "get used to it." That's not resounding praise for a "feature" and it's possible that something like this would make the appearance more appealing to those who didn't like it at first or still don't like it at all.

If someone wants an iPhone with an OLED display, users have no choice but to buy something they might not completely like.
Because the notch is something that get's talked about here a lot. This Android app has a good idea that I think would be beneficial to iPhone X users who don't like the notch. I like to hear what other Apple users think and not just what the Android community thinks. 
Turn off Conference Room Display mode... https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202618

You'll have to combine videos and photos into a single video file and manually play that movie on the Apple TV.
Well, my first thought is, what kind of display is that? It's probably just such an obscure resolution and aspect ratio, in combination with the new style ports... macOS just don't know how to deal with it. I've also had bad luck with a number "ultra wide" displays for the similar reasons.

Contact AppleCare and see what they say. 1-800-275-2273

Worst case if you still need a faster Mac, you return the new MacBook Pro and find a 2015 MacBook Pro to hold you over.
Have you only been trying to charge it with the same cable?
Except fully functional devises stuck on iOS 10, 9, etc. don’t not get them. Nor do Macs stuck on 10.8 and by the end of this summer, devices stuck on 10.11. 
Oh a senior advisor, well then, those guys are never wrong /s... the bar is set fairly low for that position in terms of tech knowledge. Clearly I wouldn’t qualify since I’d just be telling customers to RTFM newb. 

https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208033

I could see where someone could get confused though. Apple internal SSDs will now automatically default to APFS but not any other drive. However the format is optimized for SSDs. Internal, external, doesn’t matter.
So you’re saying that it cuts off full screen content... weird... that’s what I was complaining about. I prefer symmetry with my displays.  
Tell me again how this contradicts my first comment... it is the most restrictive EDU program by Apple ever. 
Displays aren’t meant to have a section chopped out of it. 
The only way to get an EDU discount is by going to an approved school for either your job or to get an education. 
I sure hope not. It looks dumb and ruins full screen content. 
Oh I know what it is... I still have ~~two~~ four Apple ID accounts now and one has been my iTunes one forever and the other was my .Mac from before Apple ID was a thing.... and now I manage my two deceased parents.... fuck. Apple really need to let us merge accounts like the way Amazon let me do it. It was a 10 minute call, just had to prove who I was and then both of my parents accounts were absorbed into my own, and then another minute and my own two amazon accounts were merged. 

But yeah my bad, it’s not taking my gift card balance because Apple can’t merge accounts. 
EDU = education = school
Not in the slightest. Apple is still more expensive, offers less, and is more restrictive. The only thing Apple has going for them is the development aspect... but even then you’ll want a physical keyboard for that.
It’s interesting though. Hopefully more third party styluses will come out. 
The laminated display is really the main thing that keeps me from getting the low end iPad. The flex and added reflection caused by the gap is not something I want... I’m just glad they haven’t added a notch to the iPad. 
Wha? Many people guessed it was just going to be this kind of stuff. New low end iPad, new school oriented software and developer stuff... that was all I was expecting. Pleasantly surprised to see a less expensive third party stylus ($99/$89 for the pencil is a joke). The extra iCloud storage thing is cool I guess but it’s only for school issues accounts to compete with google drive. It is a bummer not to see Apple try harder to compete with Google though. Apple is getting slaughtered in the edu market because of how expensive their products are. Interesting to see them double down on iPad as being the school device. 
Am I the only one who still gets billed via my credit card for iCloud storage enliven though I have a gift card balance associated with my account?

Edit: my bad, I forgot I had multiple accounts and that Apple still has no way to merge them. 
Considering the trend with the way Apple offers EDU discounts for students, this is the most restrictive EDU program yet. It would have been cool if any .edu email address would qualify.

It’s funny though, because you’re literally complaining about people complaining. 
Your forgetting the best [one...](http://gloriousporpoise.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/dodonna.gif)
Fingers crossed, Apple announces a low cost laptop that only works through iCloud. Like an iCloudBook. That’d be neat. 
Can iPads be managed with Remote Desktop though? I think it’s that level of management that schools are after. Sure Apple let’s you remotely fiddle with an iPad, but you can’t observes a live stream of their screens. 
I wonder if it’ll be a the “Shadow Grey” color scheme like the Studio3 headphones. 
You say that as if computers aren’t the ones keeping track of the millions of model numbers that already exists. 

> It’s the reason the iPhone comes in so few colours.

Okay but they still have many many skies to keep track of all around the world, each color has different internals including the combination of radios and storage size. Plus the different generations that are all sold.... heck, there are less Apple Watches than iPhone even if we ignore that part. 

There’s only 16 Apple Watches if you ignore the bands. They already sell each band separately. Heck if the number of barcodes is the issue, then they would be selling the watch faces separately from the bands right now.
Maybe it’s at the bottom because half of the comment is factually wrong.
What makes it not true are the lack of facts you have to support your claim. 
I’ve never heard that before. Why isn’t APFS supposed to be used on external drives? Virtually every result for, “APFS external drive” nets results encouraging users to do it. 

Except a fix still means that there was a huge security flaw that should have been found before it was ever released. If Apple wasn’t so concerned about releasing a new OS every single year, there would have been a better chance of them catching said issue. Furthermore, when High Sierra was announced less than a year ago, we were told that this would be an OS focused on improving Sierra. Instead they made it worse. 
It’s not a direct OS = $$ kind of thing. The problem though is that the way the economy works is on an annual schedule. Every year Apple needs to post results showing growth and adoption rates. They need to be able to tell their shareholders during the quarterly calls that this years OS has already been installed on X amount of devices, a X% greater adoption rate than last year. If Apple decides to delay an OS now, the stock market will see that as a sign of failure. The stock price would drop and money would be lost. 

I for one think it’s complete BS that Apple has moved to this annual upgrade cycle. It’s to demanding on users and developers alike. What’s really lame is how quickly Apple abandons old versions. I mean look at Windows 7, it came out before 10.6 Snow Leopard yet still receives security updates. Apple stopped supporting 10.6 years ago. Now they’re dropping security support for OS’s even faster. Only supporting this years and the two prior. For iOS it’s even worse! Only the latest version gets any security updates. A big let down considering how many fully functional iPads and iPhone exists. I myself have two iPads, one stuck on iOS 9 and the other stuck on iOS 10. I mean these gadgets are less than five years old and already they are vulnerable to major online attacks. 

Back to the demand it puts on users, it’s an absolute mess. People don’t like change but it’s sometimes necessary. I understand that. But humans aren’t accustomed to things changing every single year. Computers are tools first and foremost. Could you imagine if every year Snap On came to everyone’s garage and removed some frequently used tools, added some new ones that don’t quite do the same thing, and then neglect to fix issues because they’re already focusing on the next years tool replacements? Screw that! I’ll buy from a different tool maker. One who lets me use my tools as long as possible.

Facebook still took everything else we’ve entered into their website no matter what platform we use. 
So then why do they have no problem doing this for Mac purchases? 
Why? They already create custom orders for everything else. Heck they even pull aside iPads for laser engraving. Putting watch face A in a box with wrist band B doesn’t sound like a challenging task for the worlds most profitable company in the world. 
Hold an x next to an 8 or 8 Plus. No space is lost by placing the status bar in the same spot on the screen. The X leaves a gap between the bottom of the notch and the top of the UI. The same amount of space than an 8 uses for the status bar. The phone would not be taller. We would lose nothing since the interface for the X isn’t using that space to begin with. 


Here is why I don’t want the_donald banned from Reddit. I was banned from posting on there sub so long ago now I can’t even remember, but that doesn’t matter. They are in one easy to find place and no matter what “side” we’re on, it’s still important to listen to what they have to say. It’s the best way for anyone to be able to come up with a rebuttal. To that extent, it’s important for us to know what these die hard trump supporters are thinking so we can effectively argue with them when we meet them on the street. If the sub is banned, they’ll still be on Reddit if we take away their primary spot, they’ll just go to a new sub and do the same thing.
I did the search multiple time on multiple browsers. All of them gave me nothing but text results. No images whatsoever. 
My point is that not wanting to adopt is not a valid argument for denying someone’s opinion about abortion. From their perspective, abortion = murder. What happens to the living creature post birth is irrelevant to the alternative. 
> X would either reduce screen size for clock and status or need to be taller.

FFS did you even read what I said? Put any other iPhone next to an X and you’ll see the normal interface has enough space to fit the exact same clock and status bar that every other iPhone has. Apple has literally extended the space required for the clock. 

Go to the home screen and compare. The gap between the “notch” of an X and the top of the top row of apps is the same amount of space between the “bezel” of an iPhone 8 and it’s top of the top row of apps. The clock and all the stuff that you imagine needing more space is a complete fallacy. 
And those sensors would also fit comfortably in a black area that extends to the edges. Bonus points since the OLED display doesn’t need to exists on that region.

>  This would create a much taller phone because they would likely add an unnecessary bottom bezel also

It would not create a taller phone. The clock and all the other status stuff played in the pockets would fit in the same spot. Hold any other iPhone next to an X and you’ll notice that the gap between the bottom of the notch and the beginning of the regular UI is the same as the traditional non-notch style iPhone. The X literally fines need the pockets for that information to be displayed. 

I’m not asking for a bezel at the bottom. Though it sure would be nice since fingerprint scanners are still faster than having to bow to your phone. Also that space could be used for a true stereo speaker experience. But like I said, I’m not asking for extra black space on the bottom. 

> the notch doesn’t bother me nearly as much as I thought it would

But it does bother you to some extent. So why the fuck does it need to be defended? It’s literally a waste of space, waste of resources, and doesn’t conform to a world where content fits in a box sans-notch. Apple tried to be cleaver. The fanboys and girls defend it. Everyone seems to agree though, it’s not great. It’s flawed. So maybe... it shouldn’t be in the next version.
I don’t understand how not wanting to adopt a child requires them to changed their mind on abortion. If they’re able to make their own babies, why should they adopt? The reverse would be equally dumb. You’re pro abortion so that must mean you don’t need any other form of birth control. Oh you mean you use condoms and such? But you like abortion? That makes no sense /s
Thank you very much for your help 🙂
See that’s my problem with the Hermes. I already feel bad enough about paying an Apple tax. If the Hermes bands offer nothing to the functionality then I just feel like I’m paying for the name and nothing else. Seems like a huge waste of money on top of already wasting money. 
A: the 2015 15-inch was also made without a dedicated graphics card. Significantly lowering the amount of watts needed to be cooled.

B: you as a person doesn’t need to notice the heat in order for your components to throttle and run slower than advertised. 

“Significant heating” is something that I’ve experienced, yes. Download and install the Intel Power Gadget app and watch the numbers for yourself. If you have an i7, your Mac will thermal throttle. This is bad for the reasons I’ve already mentioned.
>Any app that forces overlap of content is designed wrong. 

So basically every single video player for iOS including ones made by Apple are wrong... no, the display is wrong. 
I guess if you like wasted materials, added cost and absolutely don’t care about functionality whatsoever.... sure.
> tons of images of porn sites, men on men, ebony, large black **** filling the screen

Do you normally search using Porn Hub? Because Google doesn’t do that. 
VMWare does the same thing when a new version comes out. Just check the box to not show the ad again and you'll be fine.

No exaggeration, I was sitting next to a client who just installed Parallels and was pissed about the ads just like you... but the guy didn't even bother to look at the window and see that there is an option to hide the one ad before he mashed that close button.
The mirroring feature let's you AirPlay anything you want.
There will be no harm to the computer if you use it that way. As a matter of fact, you'll be doing your MacBook a favor as those types of docks actually help cool the computer a little bit better.
Annihilation was a bad movie. The special effects were cool... but that and the cast were all it had going for it.
IMO the whole movie is it's own plot hole. They spent three years sending in small groups of people only to have them go missing every single time? They don't try and establish communication? Why not go into the anomaly just a little bit, collect some samples, and then almost immediately go back out? Why didn't they send in a whole squad of tanks? Also, why didn't the squad we watch have any helmets on?

I mean the ending leaves a bit to be interpreted, but as far as I could tell the entity and it's anomaly was defeated with a single grenade.
If it has commentary, it should say so on the page in the store in the iTunes Extra section. If it's not listed, assume it's not there and/or search the web for that specific movie and see if it has audio commentary. At least with the handful of movies I have, if there is a commentary, it's listed in the extras section.
If you hold down the Shift key while opening Safari (or any app) it should reset it so that it will open properly. If that doesn't work, follow the other steps people have listed but I think my quick fix is already too late.
My mistake... 

It was iPhone 6, 6s, and SE that was secretly throttled with iOS 10.2.1.

The point is that Apple has lied to it's users and they could do it again. I mean, it's not an isolated issue. They've lied about the maximum amount of RAM a system can use since basically every single Mac going back beyond Intel.
So far? It was only a few months ago we found out that Apple was secretly throttling our phones. No one has mentioned iOS 9 (or all previous versions) because they never did any secret throttling back then. Also, it was iPhone 6, 6s, and SE ~~and 7~~ that was secretly throttled with iOS 10.2.1. 
It's appearance at face value is subjective but it's functionality and all that comes with it is objective. Objectively, it's bad.
>Bezels get in the way of the phone real state,

What good is extra real estate tucked in the corners if it's not actually adding functionality? Plus the notch is literally in the way of a portion of the display. It's actually in the way of full screen content.

> why have two huge bezels 

They don't have to be big.

>when you could have only one with some room for the status bar?

Not sure I follow. The gap left between the UI and the bottom of the notch is still the same amount of space between the UI and bezel of other iPhones. The pockets are literally a waste of materials. 

>Obviously, it would be better if there was no notch at all

Glad we kind of agree on something...

> and we had 100% screen state,

But that's not practical from a build standpoint. There's always going to be a bezel of some kind between the edge of the display and the housing of the phone.

> but a notch is still superior than two bezels

I not seeing any explanation for why it's superior.

Be honest. If Apple originally came out with the new iPhone X, would you be bothered by it? 
And we know this because the people who secretly throttled our phones told us?
*"Since 2007, Apple has retired it's 2GB version of the iPhone"*

There never was a 2 GB version of the iPhone though.

*"The newest iPhone currently runs on a 3G wireless network and contains a large 32 gigabyte storage capacity."*

When was this written?
Nothing says personality like wasting space and adding to component costs. If your friend jumps off a bridge, do you jump too? There's also more new Androids without the notch. They look cleaner too.
Seriously, I'm not upgrading from my 6s Plus for at least another two years. After getting a new battery, still works great. I mean, the difference between the 6s and 8 are so minimal that I just can't justify the waste. A slightly better camera, slightly better CPU, thicker, and heavier... Smartphones have finally reached a point where we don't need to upgrade as soon as we've payed off the last phone.
They're only thicker along the shaft. The part that goes in the ear is the same exact shape.
Could be if the battery is defective.
Actually... yeah. The battery could be defective. That is a thing that happens sometimes.
But why do you like it? Objectively it is nothing but negative things as I mentioned before.
How? A notch literally gets in the way of full screen content. It adds zero functionality. Plus it's a waste of expensive OLED tech. It ruins the symmetry. Honestly, I'd perter two bezels if it meant getting properly positioned speakers.
But the notch is a bezel. One that cuts into the display in such a way that literally wastes space. Put a normal iPhone next to an X and you can clearly see enough room under the bezel for the normal info stuff at the top. It's not like it actually gains screen real estate and only gets in the way when you play a video. From a manufacturing and cost perspective... adding that extra bit of expensive OLED into little useless pockets makes absolutely no sense.
But an important lesson for any would be political party.
https://www.amazon.com/Belkin-IEEE-1394-Firewire-6Pin/dp/B00004Z5XM

https://www.amazon.com/Apple-FireWire-Adapter-Discontinued-Manufacturer/dp/B0000D8LSW
It's a jab at how bad the thermals are with the iMac Pro lineup. Damn thing throttles under load and there's no way to make the fans spin faster. Down sides to a computer that runs at the red line: the components will wear out faster than one that's properly cooled. A hot computer runs slower than one that's properly cooled. Hot computers use more electricity than a computer that's properly cooled.
What a delightful surprise. Thank you for correcting me.
Except developers can literally run iOS apps on macOS right now.
Neither does your cooling.
Yeah.. this would be it... it's essentially the same feeling as the keyboard cover from Apple for the iPad Pro.

https://www.logitech.com/en-us/product/keys-to-go?crid=27

Internal monologue: (What kind of sadistic bastard would actually want to use that kind keyboard?)
I will never buy a cell phone with a display like that. The "notch" is the ugliest thing to happen to technology in my lifetime.
Technically they need to buy 10.8 first and then they can go to 10.13.
Links in the chain... Someone at ESPN has the job of sending out those notifications. From there the information has to travel across the web to Apple and Apple then needs to push it to you. At that point it's up to your Apple TV's internet connection.
In other news, the DNC had such bad security that they successfully lowered the bar for what qualifies as a hacker.
Depends on the user. IMO, there are still more places without coverage than places with coverage. So by that metric, I like to be able to save content for offline consumption. That being said, my 128 GB 6s Plus is still able to do what I need.
at first I thought you were correcting my spelling.
Serious question, do you still get security updates for it?
Great, a Coca Cola ad disguised as a viral video....
https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/867jo1/the_cloud_act_would_let_cops_get_our_data/ See it's this shit we need to be worried about... thanks Apple
I really wish people could die in this game. makes no sense. Seems like a reasonable statistic for an amusement park.
But why do you think they give you those points? The only three credit bureaus (one is Equifax) make their money by preying on the people who don't use cards in the fashion you speak of. 

So I guess you disagree with this post and don't want to delete Equifax? They're similar in the way that they hold onto a ton of personal data and have had huge breaches over the years.
Oh shit! I forgot I was subbed here. I honestly thought I removed all the porn shit I used to keep in my feed.

To answer your question... sigh... because she's different now. She had a boob job and now looks like most average blond porn stars. A quick search on porn vid sites nets the same results from five years ago. I'm not saying that's a bad thing, I hope nothing but the best for her. I'm just saying, she's not the same person anymore.
Well then I would say you're argument can be flipped. If we only use Facebook to keep in touch with people on occasion and never share false information, I don't see any reason why not to use it.

To that end, If you can pay the bill every month, then just pay it at the time of purchase. If I just need to contact people on occasion, just call, text, or email them.
Seriously, stop using credit cards. Stop paying for cell phones on a monthly plan. Stop buying things with debt.

As for the social networking portion of this topic... If you leave Facebook and just start using Twitter instead, you're not really changing anything.
It's a music video... not some dudes vacation vlog. Editing looks good to me. 
When the clock speed is lower, the amount of time to render gets longer. Because of how hot the components get, there are also more individual commands and tasks that fail to operate and the CPU has to redo them, thus adding to how long the operation takes and increasing power usage. Another side effect is the increased room temperatures, thus requiring more air conditioning for a room or building (but that one isn't as direct).

I've only learned about this from following different overclockers who look at power consumption, volts, watts, clocks, and all that stuff like hawks. They all agree that a properly cooled computer means faster renders, less wear and tear on hardware, and less power used for the same task. Even if only one of those things were true, wouldn't you want Apple to do a better job of cooling hardware? Or at least give users the option to properly cool their systems? I mean the wear and tear issue alone is huge! 

IMO the power thing is just one more problem on top of making products less reliable. Components do not like being pushed to their thermal limits. The process of heating and cooling stuff to such extremes over and over again will kill hardware sooner than if they remained cool. I mean, Apple has a long history of needing to issues ~~recalls~~ repair extension programs because of hardware failure. More PowerBook G4's and MacBook Pros with dedicated GPU's have had REP on their logic boards than not. It's a real problem with Apple hardware, and now they ship an iMac that is literally suffocating itself whenever it takes any workload it was intended for. I will be very surprised if this iteration of iMac Pro doesn't wind up with it's own REP in a couple years.

Does it bother you that so much is spent buying such a high end CPU/GPU only to have it run slower than advertised? That alone makes the concept of building your own system more appealing. I mean, just for kicks... https://pcpartpicker.com/list/xZsD8Y

Sure, we can nit pick and say that it's not the same... but be honest... that machine will outperform a similarly priced iMac Pro. I put in two GTX 1080 Ti's to make up for the cost of the sold out 5k display. Even then it's still quite the bargain for such a sexy machine. Bonus points, you won't be required to make an appointment at the Apple Store in order to upgrade anything.
>Apple has ALWAYS been a big proponent of shaking up the status quo.

That's exactly what there marketing and propaganda wants you to believe.

>protestors and social demonstrations are in Apple’s DNA

Then why are they silent on issues like the PATRIOT Act? Why doesn't apple sue the government over the issue of FISC requests?

School shootings don't directly effect most people but every day our 4th Amendment rights are trammeled on with cooperation from Apple and all the other tech companies that manage our data.
I know... I was just pointing out that being paranoid about how she deleted stuff is easily explained and makes sense.
Sure, but since you dodged the question I can only guess that your house is chalk full of Orwellian devices. Trying to call out an AI that fucks up by mistake while sitting in front of a computer with cameras and microphones pointed at you is a bit of a let down from the person trying to remind us how unacceptable things are at such a low level. It would have been so easy for you to lie and say that you use a PC with no mic or camera, but you didn't. You dodged the question suggesting that even your own convictions and fears are not as important as you project onto others. 

The difference between our products and an Orwellian outcome is that we have some level of trust that these corporations aren't fucking us over by sending a live stream to the NSA. To that end, the same is true when it comes to our trust of an AI that automagically tries to pair songs in our library in order to sync them. It's not being done maliciously. I've only noticed my own library doing it when it was an obscure song that was never officially released (aka from a torrent), but it doesn't happen to most of those kinds of tracks. So at this point the pattern is random and does not seem intentional. No one is sitting at Apple HQ going, "oh fuck, users are listening to a version of the song that is banned! We need to censor that." It's just a shitty AI going, "oh that sounds like this song, I'll give them the higher bitrate version."

 To go back to your last comment... 

>If you had asked me or just about any other music fan if corporate of government entities knowing even approximately what music you listen to and when was Orwellian -something that seems normal now-, they would have asked if it was a trick question as it would have seemed such an obvious answer.

When could you have asked that? "Corporate of government" has already known that information for a long time. People have been buying music on a traceable system for decades now and other "music fan" don't care. In the grand scheme of things to worry about, Apple's shitty AI is small potatoes. Knowing what I listen to is an important aspect of the services it creates. iTunes has been able to track what we listen to for over a decade now. Can we assume that since iTunes Genius came out in 2008, your fears of Orwellian life made you stop using iTunes? Probably not (if anything it would have been the shitty UI changes or how inefficient the app is overall). 

My question to you was mainly because *I understand what you're getting at* and wanted to see how far your convictions go. Turns out, it doesn't seem to go very far. Do you have a camera/mic on your hardware? Do you buy things with credit/debit cards? What about checks? Do you have a bank account? Do you participate in society at all? Of course you do and all that is traceable and has been so since long before your "couple of decades ago" metric you mention in your first comment in this thread. Ever use an Emoji? Congratulations, you're using newspeak. Oh and with minimal effort (seriously took me 30 seconds to find this) [you](https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/830c7d/13_touchbar_mbp_late_2016_model_screen_issue_my/dvgnwfn/?context=3) don't even have a webcam cover on your devices. That's bold considering how much you preach about an Orwellian society.

My concerns about privacy remain focused on the big fish. The PATRIOT Act and FISC needs to fucking go away. Until then, I'll keep syncing my data to the cloud because it's convenience is real and it doesn't change my opinion that privacy is important. I'm doing my best in life to be realistic. To truly avoid Orwellian issues would mean going off grid entirely. That's not something I'm willing to do. Are you? Obviously not since you're here. My point is that worrying about a shitty AI from Apple is a benign issue compared to the real threats to our privacy. Crying about how creepy tracks changing doesn't really make people worry about what is the real threat. Apple will continue to follow the law and submit our data whenever requested and available since the FISC has already obtained the private server side encryption keys. There's really nothing we can do other than try and change the law and sue the government over breaches in our 4th Amendment rights. 

So back to your question...

>Can you explain in a concise way how that relates to me reminding readers of the severity of change in our standards of privacy in a relatively short time span?

I feel like by now I've answered this but to be as direct as possible... It's related because you are worried about an automated system with no evidence of malice while sitting in front of a computer that is capable of looking and listening to you. You're worried about being traced by the government and yet you probably have a back account. You use a phone that in and of itself is constantly tracking your location wherever you go 24-7... and yet here we are nit picking what classifies as Orwellian as if most things we do haven't been Orwellian since before we were born.
“Mind tricks don’t a werk on meh. Only money.” - Watto

“Ho ho ho ho ho.” - Jaba 
But then you have to ask yourself, how many other moment could have been finished off with force powers? Let’s see, Qui Gon could have fucked with everyone’s pod racer to make sure Anakin won. Anakin could have force grabbed the worm things attacking Padme instead of risking her life using the light saber, then could have force powered the droid to stay in one place. Yoda could have used it when order 66 was given instead of flipping around the clone troopers and sabering them. Obi Wan could have used the force to turn off the deflector shield on the Death Star instead of walking on such a precarious ledge and doing it by hand. Death Vader could have prevented Luke from falling in cloud city and could have captured him. Princess Leia could have flown around the moon of Endor apparently and shut off the shield on her own. Kylo could have used his powers to get a better hair stylist...

Seriously, the whole series is chalk full of, “why not da force powerz?”
Go to the online store. 
She could have been mistaken.
There was an app like this for the first gen iPhone back when the official App Store didn’t exist. It only used the accelerometer but it had the same effect. 
In response to the actual tweet and issue brought up. Of course they did. They were trying to follow tropical once they were called out for not following protocol. Whenever a government organization wants to delete something from a computer, they are required to use the best deletion methods possible.

Ever watch Argo? You know how they're trying to burn and break everything used for communication? Yeah, this was the digital equivalent.
What? Then how was he able to pod race? Also... the very idea of midichlorines was absolutely absurd when that line was dropped. The idea that a grown adult would have better understanding and use for the force “out of the box” is not to insane. Luke said she had a ton of power.  
I’m sorry, but the vast majority of iOS users do not use an alphanumeric password or anything beyond the 4/6 pin.  
Yeah it looks like it belongs to a cigarette smoker.
> OP made a fake post, what did I do?

What's fake about the post? Siri has popped up on my Apple watch multiple times without me saying, "hey Siri" first. You said it yourself, OP might have pushed the crown... and it does happen by accident.

Also, there's nothing fake about the response. Try it yourself.
What kind of drive are you using? HDD's are very slow and can barley reach USB 3.0 speeds. (Just making sure your using stuff that actually benefits from 3.0)
But it’s elected officials who appoint them. That’s why it’s important to vote, especially for local elections. 
Well you’re in the minority. The point of this box is for the average criminal. For the big fish with more complicated security, hackers are not going to sell a box for $15k. They’ll sell an unlock for $1 million a pop. 
And then a new box will be born. 

Seriously, every iteration of Apple’s iOS security has a weakness and has been exploited over the years. Combine that with the fact that Apple doesn’t offer updates for more than a few years, hardware eventually becomes stuck in a vulnerable state. 
If you’re a developer and you don’t have your own website and social networking accounts... good luck. You might struck gold without, but that’s incredibly rare. 

Those services I mentioned are specialized to do what they do. I’d rather not have Apple waste their own developmental resources managing a social network for iOS apps. I’d rather have them spend more time on security updates for past versions of their OS’s. That energy is best spent elsewhere.

To your last point... that doesn’t happen on iOS where the vast majority of developers and app action is. On a Mac, that’s exactly what a lot of companies do. 

No joke, find an app in the top 100 who doesn’t have their own website. 
So does that mean none of your computers have a camera and microphone?
Why? They’re on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram... they don’t need to be on a platform specific social network. You can just as easily follow them online elsewhere. That’s essentially why the iTunes social networking stuff has been a bit of a flop. Is it really that hard to go to a developer’s website and read their blog or whatever?
As if being born with extra midichlorians is any better?
> Star Wars has always left exact time uncertain

["The Death Star will be in range in five minutes."](https://youtu.be/2WBG2rJZGW8?t=6m20s)
It is also a very strong storytelling mechanic to use a ticking clock. The creators must have wanted there to be no interpretation of the perceived time. 

Has Apple's removal of battery time estimates on macOS extended into the opinion of how people choose to tell a story? lol!

It's not like specific times haven't been used before in Star Wars. The first film used a countdown for the final Death Star battle. ["The Death Star will be in range in five minutes."](https://youtu.be/2WBG2rJZGW8?t=6m20s) for example.

Switching from time remaining to percent isn't necessary for the story at all. Your argument doesn't make sense and seems like an incredibly nit picky and useless thing to worry about.
One thing we can all do to lower our own costs would be continued use of the gadgets and phones we have right now. Don't get a brand new phone if the one you have now works. If you're at the two year mark, get a new battery and most people will be in good shape for another two years.
Fuck war. Fuck murder. People should not be signing up to be soldiers. Fuck this ad and all that are like it.
How is being able to stream music on demand “Orwellian” exactly? Sure the music changing from one version to another is reminiscent of the ministry of truth kind of stuff but that’s not what happening here. Apple’s AI is just a pile of shit. I don’t think anyone at Apple is intentionally trying to censor or change things in this case. 
You can contact iTunes support and complain to them. That’s about it. 
I’m glad you and your friends have extra money to burn on products you don’t need. Nothing says eco friendly like adding a lithium ion battery pack into everything AMR? Let’s force everyone to use an adapter who wants to keep using their perfectly functional headphone and create even more waste. Don’t worry about how easy the adapter is to lose, the plastic island in the ocean needs basic twig like parts for birds to nest with as well. Let’s just use more electricity by recharging an extra battery all the time.... sigh... but thank goodness, now we can all rest easy because we won’t accidentally tug on a cable. 

I just don’t think it’s a clear cut victory for any side. There’s already too much waste going on around the world and forcing everything to be wireless doesn’t help with that problem at all
What is there to explain? How does that help someone even less than a year later from that release when even more security issues are exploited?
So because they’ve done it a handful of times that means I’m mistaken for bringing it up? I don’t get your point. Look at macOS. At least with that, Apple supports the past two versions of the OS with security updates at the same release schedule as the same security updates for the current version. Or look at Windows 7, that OS came out nearly a decade ago (before 10.6 Snow Leopard) and it’s still getting security updates. By doing so, this means old hardware doesn’t go to waste. Reuse is more eco friendly than recycling after all. 
But these cars need security updates. 
For starters, they could continue offering security updates to older versions of iOS. Edit: we can literally count the times they've done this with one hand. Apple could do a much better job at offering longer support for functional devices.
But people can be bias as well. 

I’m not picking sides to be clear... but did you guys see the big “Student Protests” page in the App Store? It surprised me a little. I thought it was interesting how Apple used their weight to influence and encourage protesting. 
It’s a quad core with hyper threading. Meaning two threads per core effectively making it like an eight core processor. Lightroom is a multithreaded app and you will benefit from the 16GB of RAM (something you cannot upgrade in either machine). Plus the larger screen is going to come in handy. That being said it’s also a heavier rig. 
I’m not a fan of AirPods but they most certainly have better audio quality than the regular EarPods. Better base and much crisper sound. That being said, I lost my AirPods and don’t plan on getting another pair. 
The iPhone X actually got thicker. 
I own the Solo3 but 9/10 times I grab my little earbuds. No battery, easy to carry around, and sound much better than my MacBook Pro’s speakers. Even a professional audio mixer will bust them out for all their projects since little earbuds are what most people use in a day to day basis. So if they make their audio sound good on those then they are guaranteed to sound good on the majority of people’s experiences. (Obviously a pro audio guy will use other gear and master for sound systems better than the basics, my point is that the basics are used by everyone.) 
Literally one mistaken click could open a back door to a hacker. Apple has participated in hackathon’s where this type of threat has been created in a matter of hours and deployed on a Mac newer than OP’s. 
Plus they a lot of them come in a plastic tube in a plastic wrapper. It’s all such a waste. 
I’m not blaming anyone for anything. That’s kind of my point. I didn’t know unsented cleaning products existed until I started making house calls for my job and had clients recommend them to me. My clean cloths were all lavender scented and apparently it bothers some people. So now I shop for unsented products in general. Lesson learned and no blame needed. 

Personally, I’m disgusted by the disposable economy we’re in. I mean I don’t see Amazonian woman crying about their lack of menstrual products.  Diapers used to all be made of cotton. Everything didn’t come in plastic packaging... sigh. I don’t know the answers, I just see a lot of waste. I see a lot of victims and no one taking responsibility for their actions. Life is full of shit we’re not told about.
That makes sense. So if OP sold all his alts that loss would help a little? Obviously I’m just looking for laymen answers for a complicated thing.
I guess it’s because it’s not slow for me at all. I have an i7-4770k, Radeon RX 580, 16 GB 1333 DDR3 RAM, and my startup drive is an old 500 GB Samsung 840. But on the flip side, I was just helping a friend who just bought a Lanovo with a 7th gen i7 and a 1050 Ti on a PCIe SSD and that thing was screwed up from the start. It blue screened on my a dozen times yesterday while just trying to get it to properly do its Windows updates. She ended up just returning it. 

There are so many factors at play. It’s possible that there is issue with your hardware and/or software. What you’re experiencing is not normal. It’s also a problem I’ve seen with new and old Macs alike. These machines aren’t perfect. 
The problem with any casual browsing is that you will at some point stumble across a malicious advertisement that has the potential to open up a back door. 
It’s funny that you cap locked the word flagship but didn’t punctuate iPhone properly. 

Anyway, based on that metric, I guess Apple will make all future displays round with a notch to the top.

No, my guess is that they wanted the fingerprint sensor behind the display but the tech simply wasn’t ready for prime time yet. They’ll pop it in eventually. Maybe they won’t. No guarantees about this kind of stuff.  
Our democracy was “vandalized” decades ago when the US started going to war with nations that were none of our business to go to war with. Vietnam, Korea, Guatemala, Afghanistan, Iraq... so many deaths. It has to stop. If anything good can come from trump, it will be a political awakening that the rule of law has been abused by many people. Everyone who wants peace and love to prevail need to speak up about it to their representatives and try their best to get involved even at a local level. 
I just wouldn’t. If you do, it’s purely for nostalgic purposes. There have been so many security issues that have never been patched for that era... it’d be like going to a free clinic in West Hollywood and intentionally having sex with every person there with crabs, AIDS, and Hepatitis (A, B, and C). You’re going to be vulnerable. If you’re trying to get online because someone needs a computer and this is the only option, load Linux on there. At least that way it will be a little bit more secure and a lot more compatible with modern websites. 
Yeah you might be better off buying a used iPad or find a deal on some other hardware to hold the kids over while school is still going on. Maybe try out a cheap chrome book? Just an idea. Depend on what apps they’ve been using. 
> My boyfriend doesn't see the same ethical issues with it because sex isn't INSIDE HIS BODY.

As if it should be any different since for a man the sex is SURROUNDING HIS BODY. 

I had a woman remove my condom during sex. I didn’t notice that action, I just noticed everything being better sensation wise.  We dated a little bit longer because I thought she loved me and such, but she was way to weird and we broke up. That instance was just part of the problem. Apparently she was on the pill but it made me feel uncomfortable with the idea that she’d do that without telling me. 

Your boyfriend sounds like he wants to have sex without a condom and some people get turned on by simple actions. Maybe for him, the idea of taking the condom off without you noticing is a turn on for him. If the two of you have been together long enough, you might have already done it without one. If that’s the case, the fantasy of taking off a condom during sex sounds innocent enough to me. I mean there are people who literally eat poo and/or have rape fantasies. 

To answer your question directly, to call it rape... I think it depends on the circumstances. Sometimes that action in bed is just a naughty little turn on for a couple trying to keep things spicy. But in another scenario it’s completely deceptive and malicious. 
Yeah find my iPad makes them bricks if you can’t sign out of them. Or can’t prove you own them. Or can’t prove the owner passed away and you inherited them. Or can’t find where the other person writes down their passwords...
They did? When?
Plane clothes employees for security as well as a boatload if cameras and regular staff watching people like hawks.
Thy all can. You just have to sync manually with iTunes.  An iPod Touch will let you download new ones via Wi-Fi. 
Each app is probably led by different teams who try out different methods. 
I don’t think in any culture that cat calls are specifically about getting anything other than attention. It’s letting someone else know that they look good. 
I don’t think it’s done with the intent of “working.” It’s for showing that you think someone looks good/sexy. 
It still blows my mind that Windows 7 came out before 10.6 and yet Microsoft still pushes out new security updates for it.
Please don’t. Even the base model throttles under load. That’s not good for components or your electricity bill. Build your own rig (proven to still offer more bang for your buck compared to a iMac Pro) and don’t support a manufacturer who locks down an entire system like Apple. Build a machine with proper cooling.
> sold most of my bitcoins

I noticed that you didn’t mention how much in bitcoin you still have and only mentioned the alt coin value... as others have said, talk to a professional, but I’m guessing you’ll have to sell more of your coins to pay the bill. 
It sounds like OP is also still holding onto some bitcoin and that OP does have enough money but is afraid to lose everything to taxes. 

Wouldn’t OP’s loss in the alt coin market help lower their taxes?
Seriously, what a sexist thing to say. I highly doubt this was the brainchild of just men and even if it was it’s still women who buy them and post on reddit when they go missing.
Even if it was true that men made floral scented tampon/pads, it’s still women who buy them and use them and an OP posting about how they’re missing. 
Oh shit lol! I just had a flashback to users at a corporate job I had who would constantly disable and end tasks. Then they or the team he worked with would complain about stuff not working... we had to lock it down. Some adults do not understand when they’re told, “do not do that.” and they continue to do that. Since the majority of users don’t ever need to touch Task Manager (or insert whatever thing here) and since it’s our job to be their computer concierge, disable it. If by chance it slows their job down for an hour because IT has to deal with it, it’s better than dealing with the hours it can take to fix the issue a user has created. 

It’s a fine line. One that’s got good intentions and greed mixed in together. There’s a corporate bureaucracy at play. Egos to contend with. That and just because you grew up with computers, doesn’t mean you actually know what you’re doing with them. (Not *you*, but like the you that people refer to when they assume someone is part of a group who knows how to use a computer but don’t).
I wish other developers were as on top of shit on Reddit as you guys at Blizzard are.
Keep in mind that there is lag when AirPlay'ing anything and it is prominent when playing games.
I keep auto updates on and candy crush isn’t in my computer. I wonder why that is?
Does the Metered Connection setting help? It should. 
1) this problem is a bit harder to address for this topic since it’s literally an issue that everyone has to deal with on any platform with any OS. It’s partly why so many software makers have switched to a subscription model so that they can come out with updates before Apple or Microsoft releases the next OS updates. Odds are if you have such a specialized app that can’t take another update, it’s because that app itself has a paid update the user is avoiding or is so old that there are alternatives that the industry has moved onto.

2) If your connection is Bert slow or has a data cap, flip the switch for your internet being a Metered Connection. 


3) Like going on a long road trip, you want to do your machines maintenance before you hit the road with your long project. Updates that require a restart are cued in the updates for days before it will automatically run them. Simply run them manually yourself before you start your big project. 

4) This is the same issue as #3 and has the same solution. That being said, I have never had Windows 10 quit a game to run an update and I seldom do my updates manually. I have my schedule set to not do any auto updates until well into the early hours of the morning when I’m not on my PC. 
“My internet is gone!”

Typically means they moved the browser icon from the Dock or Taskbar. Cracks me up every time!
You know what’s crazy? Windows 7 came out months before Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard. Apple dropped all support for 10.6 back in 2014. Meanwhile Microsoft still pumps out security updates for 7. So the next time an Apple fan proudly gloat about how long Apple supports their products, you can laugh at them little. 
> The fact that the windows update utility is so broken

What’s broken? I honestly have no issues with it. It does what I tell it to do. It doesn’t update outside of the hours I tell it to. That’s basically all that can go wrong... so I’m sorry to hear that you’re having issues. I’m just wondering what they are specifically. 
The amount of people who think they know what they’re doing is staggering. I had a roommate who had a Windows 7 PC, he considered himself to be tech savvy and I thought he wasn’t a complete neophyte about that stuff. He was complaining about how slow his machine was and that he was getting all kinds of errors. The guy was complaining for a couple weeks before I offered to take a look at it. Turned out the guy had not only disabled auto updates but all the windows defender stuff as well. He had so many issues and updates that it literally took about 8 hours before there were no more notifications popping up. Windows defender found and removed all sorts of malicious crap. Sure enough his system was running fine again. 

Honestly, I’ve been on Windows 10 since my PC could auto update to it, I even did the trick to trigger the update sooner (wanted to get off of 8.1). Once I tweaked the auto update window to the time that I would be asleep, I have never had any issues whatsoever with my system. If I have a project that needs to be rendered overnight or longer, I simply check if there are any manual updates needed. The vast majority of the time, the updates don’t need a restart. If there are any that need a restart, I do it before I work on my project. I mean, I don’t go on a long road trip without checking my tire pressure and topping off or changing my oil. You don’t want to have to do that stuff while you’re in the middle of a long trip. Same thing with updates. 
Typically those wraps come with a dipping sauce or dressing that comes in a little plastic cup. I bet that little cup of sauce makes up for any gap. 
Except on a Mac, it only has to be turned up to 5. Apple is notorious for poor cooling. They favor silence over spinning the fans a bit faster. A typical Mac running an average load is going to operate at the thermal redline all the time. 
Optimize Storage = slow
Apple hasn’t made a 15-inch with 8GB of RAM since 2013. 
Seriously, the Genius Bar is an absolute mess. 
> I use it all the time at my job

Maybe that’s why they’re not letting you use it anymore. 
Literally any display you want will work with a Mac. You don’t need a special cable. An adapter for USB-C or Thunderbolt 3 is all you need to get your next monitor to work.

What kind of work do you do?
OP is literally not blaming Apple.
Search for the app in the App Store. Does it come up there? Maybe you removed the app at one point. If that doesn’t work, you might have to reset the app layout. 
Never tired that one, AppZapper is where it’s at! AppCleaner is basically a repost of the OP that is AppZapper. 
Why not a restart? A restart literally is a shut down plus a startup. 
I for one would like an app that will trash any old, unused, or unnecessary crap left in my Library folders. AppZapper seems to be the best way to actually remove apps I want removed from my Mac as it will actually remove the corresponding folders from the different Library folders. But there are so many other things in the Libraries that I know are just wasting space. 
Have you contacted your carrier to make sure there’s nothing wrong on their end? Maybe they need to reset something and push you the latest carrier update again or something. 
Do you use iCloud Drive to sync your desktop and documents folders? If you do, they then show up in the iCloud section usually below the favorites section in the sidebar. 
Yeah seriously, a 150 MB update is not out of the ordinary for Office and many other apps. 
Every year Apple changes materials in hope of reducing production costs. The idea that they used an alloy that has a percent less of another metal to save an extra penny per ounce would not surprise me. They must have changed the light-grey/white-ish rubber they use on the bottoms of stuff about a dozen times over the last decade. 
Friction most likely.
It will launch along side Mac OS 11. 
No but it is exactly double 720p. My GPU was having issues and I had to reply on my integrated graphics for a few days. I was able to play Overwatch and PUBG at 1280x720 and it actually wasn’t that bad. While the resolution was very low, nothing looked completely crappy since one pixel was using four on my display. 
That’s only if you use the windows scaling options. If you use the native resolution it looks proper. 
To be fair, Apple is the one who decided to put a notch in the display and add large rounded corners. That doesn’t really help interfaces meant to work on everything. 
Is that number based on regular users or overall? I mean I know I loaded steam on my Mac and have occasionally played games with it but 99.9999% of the time I’m playing on my PC and I bet the same is true for all steam users with both OS’s. 
Only if you use the scaling options in windows. Otherwise it looks like any other app. 
It does? You mush be using Windows scaling nonsense. 
Meanwhile gaming is still primarily in the 1080p realm. A display with a high ppi is not nearly as important (or playable) as a display with 1 ms response and 144+ Hz refresh. 
How is it awful? I don’t have any issue with it. At least Steam doesn’t put games I don’t own into my game list like blizzard. Fuck that. 
Well we know Apple didn’t. 
Apple should really implement a service where they make sure apps that run on our Macs aren’t doing anything nefarious /s 
That’s how I lose trust in Apple’s vetting process. 
Ewe... not really... can we get some context with hat edit? Han switches sides and they don't really flow together at all.
At least with a joint it's just paper and will literally do no harm.
https://support.apple.com/watch/repair/service/pricing
Meh... Have you worn regular watches before? Just have the spacial awareness not to flail your arms around and you should be fine. I still wear my first gen Apple Watch Sport and if I look really closely and hold it to the light in just the right way.... I can clearly see that I did the right thing by not wasting money on the sapphire and steel version.
Meh, Pro Tools is still king.
I hate Final Cut, I wish they would go back to the old interface. I liked being able to customize everything and use multiple displays.
Oh yeah... sure... because Reddit search is so reliable /s
One reason... This years flue shot was less than 10% effective and since many flue shots include the same stuff from previous shots it's not as important for a young and healthy individual to get one.
I'm not afraid of the future... I just don't want to waste resources on crap I don't need. 
Those numbers are extremely low...
My parents were hoarders. I've gone the opposite rout. Can't accumulate stuff I don't need if I only buy stuff I actually need. Think of it this way, the less you buy, the more eco friendly you become. Aside from random shopping, I ues prime for the entertainment benefits like streaming movies, TV, and a Twitch sub once a month. (friend of mine is a Twitch streamer and he told me that he get's a few pennies more from each Prime sub than he does from the regular $4.99 Twitch subs.
It doesn’t say in the article but I’d wager it would be along the lines of almost dead if not for all the spare parts lying around a hospital. Like, bleeding so badly that you’d die without a refill. 
One could say this issue was caused by previous administrations. 
It’s in the title. 
At the end it mentions that California had improved and they are going to try and figure out why. My guess... California is a state that embraced gluttony and then organic diets. What I’m saying is that California totally got fat like the rest of America but has also swung the pendulum back with better diet and exercise. I don’t know obviously, I’m not a doctor. I’m just curious as to why they have no clue as to the cause of this issue. 
I’ve never had that problem when I sell mine. Then again, by the time I’m done using my stuff it’s so old that no one cares if there’s a box or not. I’ll let a museum curator worry about keeping that stuff around. Also I’m a bit biased though about holding onto frivolous stuff like a paper box because my parents were hoarders.
The thing that bothers me about building technology into my car (or a house) is that a car is going to last me for at least a decade and there is no guarantee that it’s going to work with the next gadget that comes out. There some level of assurance with systems like CarPlay... but what happens when CarPlay 2 comes out for iPhone 2020? Am I going to need to buy a new head unit for my stereo? What features will I be lacking if I don’t? Ugh. Just give me Bluetooth in my car and I’m happy. 
You would have to be using a really old or really cheap HDMI display for protected content not to work. 
What about the 4K content in iTunes?
> I have multiple "credible" sources

*links to breitbart*

Well you sure do know how to use those quotations lol!

Do you know what peer review means? I highly suggest you look into it. 
Obviously, you and I have very different qualifications for what makes a decent website. This one has plenty of high res photos and a means to reach out to the creator. It’s not like this person needs to cater to you. They make custom artwork and not a mass produced pos. 

> Most interested people will see the "contact for price and ordering" and just give up

Then I guess they don’t actually want one. 

> They could just throw them on etsy or something

Why? So some corporation can take a cut of this person’s hard work?

> if they want to take the easy way.

That’s the thing though, going through a third party service is not always the easy way. 
Because it’s Apple therefor I shouldn’t complain is not a strong argument. That’s like saying it’s pointless to complain about slavery to a plantation owner because they’re so pro slavery. 
> besides the global warming models have failed to establish the link

Source?
If you look closely at the “rough” soldering jobs on their site, you can clearly see it’s done in a pattern.
Not always. Sometimes people don’t realize what’s going on in time and sometimes the vehicle may stop instantly do to different type of malfunctions that can happen.
The throttling on the new iMac pro is very frustrating as well. Apple insider mentioned it briefly and most YouTube reviewers skim over it... Apple has historically snubbed reviewers who are too critical. In a market where it pays to be first with those kinds of things, reviewers rely on getting sample units ahead of customers. Being delayed by a couple weeks because Apple won’t let you review the new thing ahead of time like the rest means less views since the audience already moved on.

Also, I’m still pissed off at Apple Maps. It’s literally the reason why I’ll switch to Android after my 6s Plus dies. I’ve waited Patiently for Apple to listen to my feedback, whether it’s based on accuracy, the shitty copying of gibberish from the calendar apps address field, or vexing abode to pick my owns default navigation app, they’ve ignored all my requests. 

As for the 4K Apple TV... I’m kinda over Apple at this point to buy one for myself. I’ve set them up for others and the process is clunky. I really like the way Amazon does it, how was your devices already have your account ready to go with just minimal activation when you receive it. Plus that remote is way overpriced. I wish they would stick with just buttons and not an unwieldy trackpad. 

Edit, oh and I’m definitely not buying a cell phone with a fat notch in it. So ugly. 
Lol! The terms are literally the same as Apple’s! Quit being such a hypocrite.
Try really hard. Because I honestly don't know what you mean by "self awareness." I know what I stand for, an open and limitless ecosystem of technology.
>Why not take responsibility and spread awareness yourself

WTF do you think I'm doing right now? The point of getting the government to pitch in is get companies to do things on legal grounds. You say they are obligated to make money, that it's the law... Isn't that a bit hypocritical to comfortably allow laws that negatively effects the environment and creates a society of indentured servitude to the banks verses on that would literally create jobs and end a monopoly on repairing our own gadgets? 

>If people would not accept shit repair policies at large, they would be gone in a second.

Except people don't have much of a choice. It's like agreeing to the T&C's for software. There's only one source for what we need and by opting out we don't get to participate at all. 
Not after Fukushima!

First step to sustainable fishing is eliminating plastic nets. We need to go back to hemp ASAP.
And If I don't waste my money to replace a perfectly functional Apple TV, then I guess I'll never have to worry about that.

Although, I have set up the new ones for other users... It sure doesn't feel much faster.
Nice! I'll have to play with that site. Looks cool. Thank you.
I have about 1000 vinyls, 500 CDs, and frequently listen to local news and sports over broadcast radio. If I'm going to buy a speaker system, I'm going to make sure I can listen to those things. Otherwise I'm just wasting money on a gimmick.
> This is a new era.

I don't want to live in an era where the power cables are proprietary and small Bluetooth speakers have no battery inside.

>One of Apple's pillars is privacy. No way would they violate your privacy.

That's still not a guarantee that no one with malice is listening. Also, it's in Apple's T&C's that use our recordings to improve Siri... yes that means at some point a human who I don't know might listen to my "Hey Stupid" requests. That and they'll hand over our information to the government upon request.... just like every other tech company.

>You can turn off personal texts if you want.

And there goes 10% of it's usefulness.

>Your phone and tablet also have microphones also.

Yep, and it's creepy as fuck. Fortunately, their microphones are not nearly as sophisticated or capable of picking up sound from across the room (let alone from outside my pocket) to be as big of a concern as these kinds of systems.

>Especially since they make less than 0.01% of their revenue on ads.

Since when has a corporation ever ignored revenue? Of course our personal data is used to improve ads. I mean... 0.01% is still over $21 million dollars in annual revenue for something they don't care about Apple from ads. Are you sure you got that number right?
Actually, yes! If your photos are under 12 megapixels. Also, Flac is another form of compression. Comparison tests from multiple sources have proven that Google's compression is far from "aggressive" as you put it.
Yes, if your photos are under 12 megapixels.
>Apple create a product, often it feels expensive, a little restricted, 

Or in this case, extremely restrictive. They couldn't even be bothered to use a standard power cable. Don't forget, Apple has made it's fare share of flops and abandoned ideas. Furthermore, who's to say that the cry's for being expensive, restrictive, and lacking in basic features don't net a better product when Apple stops making what they want us to use and just build what we ask for? For Apple to not allow third party integration, drop the ball on multi-speaker setups, and not add an aux input... that's beyond "a little restrictive" and becomes it's own parody about Apple.

>but usually has at its core a very solid proposition or purpose.

Let's be honest here... even Apple employees are disappointing in Siri. The main feature of buying a speaker like this is for the personal assistant. The only two reasons why Apple users haven't bought Alexa yet is because they are either prejudice against other tech brands or they are creaped out by this whole product category to begin with.

So then there are the core "affluent" customers you speak of... They buy it because it's all Apple all the time, and even though the competition offers better personal assistant tech, the sound quality is just so amazing that it makes up for itself as being the new go-to Bluetooth speaker... Then you realize that it has no battery.... Fuck. So they still need to own another Bluetooth speaker.

>Almost nobody is ‘wrong’ about this stuff.

Ehh... Apple was definitely wrong for not using a standard power cable. For crying out loud, they use one on the AirPort's and Apple TV's. People who are buying this box are literally wasting there money on something that will be outdated in a year. That too is something we can see in Apple's track record.
But that's the point of that saying. They don't need to tell you the price if you really want it that badly. Just ask for one and don't think twice about the cost.
Stained glass usually looks like that. Also, it looks like there are different textures to pick from. Some are smooth, some have a kind of wiggle to them. At the end of the day, it's stained glass on some art and not an weld on the Falcon Heavy.
Someone mentioned $600?... 
As if they knew they were going to go viral ahead of time.
Think of it this way... You alone are able to make a widget. Since that one widget is probably not the only thing you have to do in your life, because the widget is fragile, and the components are not cheap, you have to set the expectation to your clients that this product cant be made with a standard timeline/cost/features due to the custom nature of the widget.

I'm just saying, while you can't stand places that make you interact with another person... this shop doesn't need to care. They're looking to sell to people who care about the craftsmanship. People who are looking to order real art not found on Amazon. The price can change. Running your own store isn't easy. Demand might become so high that the quoted price would have to change. Going "viral" can be difficult to deal with.

Besides... if you have to ask the price, you can't afford it.
no
Just like how there’s more to a photo than it’s megapixels, there’s more to compression than having less data. Take Apple ProRes in Final Cut or Apple Lossless in iTunes. They are forms of compression and are used by professionals. 
That’s true for many files, but there are plenty of forms of lossless compression. That’s why Apple’s ProRes is so popular among Final Cut users. Or why Apple Lossless is indistinguishable from the source AIFF tracks ripped from a CD.
Same with the memories that Photos.app puts together. 
All I want is for the left and right to be the same size they used to be. There’s not enough room with the way Apple lays out their keys to have the up and down arrows be full sized. If they went back to the style they used to have though it would be way easier to know what key your fingers are on in the same way. 
Great speakers allow for more than one source of audio. What I mean is that a really good sound system will have inputs for CDs, Vinyls, even AM/FM radio. Plus there’s still the added creep factor of having a bunch of microphones in your house capable of reading personal texts that weren’t sent to the listener. 
Apple offers their own videos for rent and purchasing though. Allowing the other streamers is going to cut down on sales. 

> Nobody would buy an Apple TV just to stream purchased iTunes Videos. 

Just like how no one would buy a Home Pod if it only used Apple Music... oh wait. No one is buying home pod because it only streams Apple Music (that and Siri is not that great of a selling point). 

I’m just saying, odds are third party support will become available for the Home Pod eventually. Just like everything Apple does, the first version is a crippled version of what the product can do. This way they can make sure the few hints it does do will be done well. 

Personally, I’m more frustrated with Apple’s decision to exclude the third gen Apple TV from getting Apple Music playback. At first I thought it was because Apple would no longer update the third gen ever again, but all of a sudden I got the Amazon Prime app on there. So they obviously chose to keep Apple Music off of it even though they totally could. 
> “it’s not a smart speaker if there’s a dumb assistant”

I honestly hadn’t heard that one yet, lol! That’s a good one. 
> And regards third party adapters ; that’s bullshit

They’re not bullshit. They work. If you mean to tell me that Apple couldn’t build one to meet some sort of longevity metric, you’re sorely mistaken. 

I agree, the only reason they removed MagSafe was to narrow down the ports to be as uniform and easy to figure out as possible. That being said, you’re fears about people using the wrong power brick are only amplified by the new USB-C power brick diversity. If using the wrong power brick was an issue, Apple should/would have made sure Rachel version had its own plug... which would only boost the idea of using MagSafe. The connectors themselves could be sized small to large. 

Technology isn’t magic but opting out of a kind of technology that already exists and has been proven effective shouldn’t be cast away and dismissed so easily. Literally nothing you’ve said about MagSafes inabilities to work with new machines holds any merit. It could work to Apple’s specifications (excluding corporate greed of course). 
A 10% failure rate is sad for a company like Apple. 

> quality of software definitely can be impacted by hardware. 

Like when an 80% consumed battery makes the OS secretly throttle?

> You can also do simple diagnostics from home on your Mac by holding option-D on startup.

You can also waste your time by downloading RAM. That test does nothing other than say pass or fail. There’s nothing there that will help a user determine what exactly needs to be repaired. 

> I was still impressed with the amount of training and thought put into manuals, Mechanical Inspections, knowledge bases, and so on. I don’t think it belongs in the hands of just anyone. 

Why not? What danger does this cause? Just anyone has access to many things that can cause serious harm to people and gaining access to a repair manual, hardware tests, and OEM parts does nothing but good for the user. If they screw it up, that’s not An excuse to let someone screw it up. 

The best solution is reuse before recycle. Repair and keep the system going for as long as Apple offered security updates for it, and when that stop, load windows because they support older hardware. Most people don’t need the castes and most powerful hardware, they just need something that lets them communicate with the world, so some shopping, and play some games from time to time.
You say that as if it has anything to do with the fact that USB-C is faster than Lightning. It’s up to 20 times faster. That sentence is true. It’s factual. The vast majority of cables and accessories for iOS devices use the USB 2.0 standard. One (maybe two?) iOS device is capable of USB 3.0 speeds wit one adapter for memory cards which is still half the speed of what USB-C is capable of. 
I don’t see your logic. “Because that’s not how technology works” does not change the fact that a form of MagSafe would have been able to be installed on Apple’s new laptops. There’s more than enough room. Heck, there’s even adapters that will do it for users right now and they are tiny. Apple could integrate it and make it even smaller. 
In this case, third party shop and end user can be interchangeable. So when people start making up issues for problems that have already been solved in other industries, I question the logic. As for saying shut up, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to come off as being aggressive. It depends on the infliction and it’s hard to read in text like that. I meant “shut up” as in... like “nigga’ please” but I’m not black, so I say shut up. I’m not actually telling you to stop talking. I’m telling you that you’re wrong and I’m frustrated over the lack of empathy for the end user. 
What’s the point of showing me an adapter? It doesn’t allow me to plug an iPad into my computer to backup/restore/update/sync via iTunes. It’s also limited to being half the speed of what USB-C can do. Like I already said before, Lightning is slower than USB-C. The idea the one device can use one accessory at 5Gbps still means it’s slower than 10Gbps. It also doesn’t help the dozen other products that have no access to 5Gbps Lightning accessories who are limited to USB 2.0 speeds (aka, the twenty times slower connection as compared to what USB-C is capable of). 
A hemp rope or net left in an ocean will dissolve in about three months to a year. That’s significantly better than a rope or net that never breaks down due to it being made of plastic. 

You also have to keep in mind that a rope like that can be more easily chewed off or broken out of. The fibrosis nature of hemp and the harsh ocean waters combine to making the rope weaker infinitely faster than a plastic rope or net. The isn’t a lot of evidence that supports the fear that a hep rope will kill a bunch of innocent creatures on the same scale that plastics do, nor would they do more damage than plastic. You mentioned the soda ring thing... yeah that’s plastic. If the cans are tied together with hemp, it’s much more easy to break, snap, or tear. Heck, an animal could literally eat the rope and poop it out. 

Rope that’s biodegradable is infinitely better than plastics. Even if you made some sort of law requiring fishermen to bring back all nets and rope, that’s literally impossible to accomplish. Sometimes nets and ropes are lost at sea and not intentionally thrown overboard. For that reason alone we need to eliminate plastic ropes and nets. There isn’t going to be a one size fits all miracle solution, it needs to be a little bit of column A and a little bit of column B. 
I’m speaking from personal experience along with that of the staff at my local store... they would describe it as being as simple as putting on a new display and putting it in the machine. The only reason why it’s more complicated than that is because of how inaccurate the calibration machine is. 

That aside, no one is asking Apple to foot the bill. Apple is free to charge for their services as they always have. The point is to get them to at least offer it much in the same way the auto industry works. Obviously, the average person isn’t going to invest in a large and expensive smog testing equipment, but a do-it-yourselfer is able to buy a stock exhaust from their automaker. If they need the big tool to test with, they are free to go to a local shop that isn’t affiliated with any manufacturer. It’s that kind of ecosystem that should apply to our electronics. 

Apple’s diagnostic software, primarily the one that looks at a Mac’s SMC for example is extremely helpful to someone who wants to repair their own hardware or for smaller local shops who already do great work for the community. If I had access to the full fledged hardware test from home, that would mean no wasted energy driving to the mall (sometimes hours away depending on the users location), wait hours to be seen by a “genius” (seriously, what a condescending job title), sit there while the staff try’s to sell you something new, and then driving back and forth again to pick up the machine sometimes a couple weeks later due to it being a depot only repair. The more eco friendly way would be for the user to mash a few keys at startup and be told from the comfort of their own home what the issue is and then either order the parts on their one way trip to the users house. 

False flags and bad diagnosis is what people have to deal with already and because there isn’t access to the same tools it happens more often then it would if we had access to the same tools. 
So what you’re saying is that USB-C is as fast or faster than Lightening. Up to twenty times faster since there are no USB 3 Lightening cables in existence. 
Way clearer! Thank you. 
Yes. I was referring to the whole thing. They could fit if they wanted to.
USB-C is literally twenty times faster than Lightning. USB-C looks cleaner as it doesn’t show its pins or show burn marks like Lightning. USB-C is on more devices making it universally adopted would lower prices and cut down on pollution...

Now that last one I have to be a bit more specific.  As it stands right now, factories have to spend time and resources making two different cable ends when they would only need to make one. Requiring two means there are plenty of cables sitting around doing nothing. With one cable, that means between my different devices I would only need one cable instead of two. 
Source?
MagSafe 2 would fit on new MacBooks without issue. Also, there would be nothing stopping Apple from making an even smaller MagSafe connection. 

MagSafe 2 would fit on new MacBooks without issue. Also, there would be nothing stopping Apple from making an even smaller MagSafe connection. 

MagSafe 2 would fit on new MacBooks without issue. Also, there would be nothing stopping Apple from making an even smaller MagSafe connection. 
For crying out loud, just use USB-C already. 
> You know that CEOs and such are legally required to bring in as much profit as possible?

Sure, and that’s why we need laws like this right to repair so that way they are allowed to make less money. 

I don’t understand your position. Because people are ignorant and businesses need more money we don’t need more laws. Is that it?
What am I triggered over? Someone worried about how “messy” a situation would be even though there’s absolutely no evidence that it would be any more messy than the issues we have now? I used words to emphasize the stupidity behind the excuses being used to defend Apple. 

Seriously, explain why I’m hypocritical. Please. I do try to improve as a person. 
I don’t understand. It’s possible that you’re not being clear with your point. Would it trouble you to be polite for a second and tell me what you’re getting at?
They already have the supply chain set up. The act of offering parts to regular people doesn’t mean that more phones get dropped increasing the amount of replacement parts needed. 
I’m not being aggressive towards you. I’m being aggressive to the idiot who thinks Apple is responsible for some other shop’s bad repair. 
> Displays require calibration

LOL!!!!! What like that POS in the back of every Apple store? Those things are a complete joke. They’re known to fail on brand new iPhones and pass when there are still cracks on the display. I’ve seen thousands of iPhones that never pass through the display calibrator function perfectly.

> third party parts end up in the phone prior to warranty expiring when you go to sources outside of Apple and Authorized Apple Service Centers. You can’t control quality outside of that. 

No one is asking Apple for guaranteed quality from a non authorized service provider. We’re asking for access to official parts and diagnostic tools. 
Except Apple rarely allows shops to be authorized repair centers and when they do they force sales metrics into the agreements. We’re talking hundreds of thousands of dollars in sales a quarter. They won’t let you open shop if you’re too close to an Apple Store. They won’t let you just be a repair shop. 
So just because some stupid a-hole doesn’t know who to get mad at, we all have to suffer? Who cares about that rude idiot Complaining. Our right to repair our own stuff should not be determined by the dumb minority. 
> it requires manufacturers to honor the warranty even if an untrained, unqualified tech users cheap clones. 

Yeah, just like a car warranty. But they’re not responsible for the part that gets replaced by the other tech, they just have to uphold the warranty for the rest of the hardware that came from the factory. 

Let’s say you’re iPhone is dropped and the glass is shattered. You buy your own kit and successfully do the most common and easy to do repair on a cell phone. Months go by with no issues and then your stabilizing camera starts shaking uncontrollably while taking pictures. This fault (common in the 6 Plus) is covered by the manufacturer warranty and could be replaced for free at the store....

Right now, Apple can tell you to either pay for a phone replacement or take a hike. Because you replaced some glass you are no longer eligible for any warranty service. 

The way repair rights are being written is in such a way that the defective camera would get swapped out under warranty. If it’s something to do with the parts you had replaced yourself in the past, then those parts fall under whoever’s warranty sold you the parts. 
So what? All I want is access to official parts. It’s not up to you to decide weather or not I can fix the device. 
I say, ban plastic nets/ropes and go back to using hemp. The whole reason fishermen are casually dropping their nets in the ocean is because they’ve been doing it since forever. Difference is that a net/rope made from hemp will safely break down in the ocean and not harm anything. 
What about seafood that is grown in captivity?
Well, I think it has to do with old habits. Before nets were made of plastic, they were biodegradable, and so tossing them overboard was harmless. 

What really should be done is eliminating plastics wherever possible. Eliminate plastic nets altogether and switch back to hemp. 
What? How does your ability to see a Netflix star rating have anything to do with your right to repair your own hardware?
It's funny that someone took the time to add a censored heart image over the nipple even though it has no bearing over who actually will wind up paying for the censorship's removal. Like, "look at all this but you can't see my areola! I'm leaving a guise of mystery even though you can totally see 99% of everything else."

To: the woman in this photo... *I'm just laughing at your cartoon heart and not you.* You're totally hot, the watermark is appropriate (although easy to remove), but for some reason you're afraid someone will see your nips without paying the big bucks? Seriously, add the watermark over our body and don't worry about your nips.

I'm just jelly.  Look at you and your hot bod. It's not like I'm one to judge.  A.) I'm not handing out with you and B.) I don't have a cool hat like you and your cat ears.

I can't stop looking at the duck tattoo. [Everybody loves duck sauce](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWhtcU4-xAM).
Fuck Apple. I've had enough of their aggressive business practices and green propaganda to cut them any slack. There is absolutely no good reason why they don't sell replacement parts. They should be required to follow the same repair laws as the automobile industry. $29 for a replacement cell phone battery should be standard and not a one year apology for secretly throttling our hardware.
It's not difficult at all. Companies should not be allowed to restrict a users ability to repair their own products. If a customers screws it up, that's there fault. It's not rocket science.

>messy in reality

Shut up. Quit being such a snowflake. Grow a pair and deal with life like the rest of the world. If you don't want to fix something yourself, pay someone else to do it. The advantage with a right to repair law is that we would then be able to pay someone other than the manufacturer to fix our stuff with official parts.
Shut up. It's not Apple who get's to decide if we are "capable" of repairing our hardware in the same way a carpenter doesn't get upset when we replace things in our home.

>Imagine how frustrating it would be if people who aren't experienced in repairing

Frustrating for who? It's obviously not going to be Apple's responsibility to solve problems that users create. That never has been the case.

> Those people might do something wrong that they can't fix.

At that point they'll pay someone to fix it. Benefit after a law like this being that it won;t have to be done at the Apple Store.

>Then they'll take their device into a store to ask them to repair it.

Just like any other product on the planet...

>This could then result in people starting lawsuits saying "I didn't do anything, it's the company's job to sell a working device". I would find that pretty frustrating.

Well yeah, that would be frustrating if that was something people could sue over... but they can't... so... WTF is your problem with?

>I just feel the company will be losing more money

So what?

>it'll be harder for them than it will be for us.

Fuck them!... and what exactly would be harder for them? Oh, that they'll have to tell a hand full of stupid people that they broke their own phones and that now they'll have to pay more to fix the issue...? What's the problem exactly? That people will have to deal with life? Oh no.
There is absolutely no good reason why tech companies don't offer replacement parts to consumers other reason than corporate greed. It's a fallacy to believe that only people in Asia are capable of putting together a cellphone. If my screen breaks, I should be able to buy a replacement from my manufacturer. Fuck Apple. I really hope this bill passes.
Eliminate ~~or limit~~ spray and weed killer

Seriously, so many flowers come from what many people consider to be weeds. It’s really not that hard to pluck plants you don’t want as opposed to spraying them with chemicals that literally cause cancer. 
Bullshit. The window of time you have to enter BIOS is a consistent timeframe that has nothing to do with the computers HDD or SSD. 
Then what happened?
> What Louis did was gross and creepy behavior... But don't come here and tell a half-lie about what he actually did

"Louis CK - Invited women up to his hotel room after drinking all night, said he was going to get naked, they didn't leave, he got naked, they left."

What in that sentence is a half-lie? Sounds exactly like what happened.
Really? My third gen has no lag. Maybe you need to reset yours or maybe something else is wrong.

That being said, I also have a second gen and is it a bit slower and missing a few other small things. But for iTunes and purchases like that it still works great.
It depends on the model you have. Take a look at this... https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT206587 But just about any display, TV, or projector will work with a Mac
I’ll just say that since I’ve built my PC, I’ve had an amazing machine. It’s easily upgraded and . It runs cool, doesn’t throttle under load, and is more likely going to last longer because of it. Picking a windows laptop is a bit trickier. Once my 2012 13-inch dies I’ll probably get a ThinkPad though, the carbon series is a really well build machine.

I noticed people talk about how the updates will get in the way... I’ve literally never experienced that. First of all, I’m able to set what times it automatically does updates. If you’re planning on rendering something overnight, just manually do any available updates. It’s easier than people make it sound. 

But if you go with a desktop, I highly recommend you build your own. It’s so easy, especially when you use www.pcpartpicker.com
Phone book sales. Before the internet, the way people looked up local businesses was in the yellow pages.
I don’t understand how people think they have the best build quality when they do such a piss poor job at cooling. Practically every iteration of the MacBook Pro has had graphics failures leading to inevitable recalls (aka: repair extension programs). Even when they are working, they thermal throttle like crazy! That’s *bad* design. It’s inefficient. The hotter a computer runs, the more electricity it uses to do the same task as a machine that’s properly cooled. The keyboards have taken a noticeable decline in quality when they made them unnecessarily thinner. My point is that the grass is always greener on the other side. For all the good things about Apple, there are plenty things wrong with them as well. 
Change all of your passwords every year. 
Drunk lol! I meant to say... One that’s not stretched so thin like the ACLU. 

My point is that the ACLU isn’t focused on any one thing and in doing so they never accomplish anything major. Me asking about it in question form is my way of bringing up how ineffective they are. I ask because it’s hard to know what it is they do other than try and do everything. 


Yeah, it has many names now, Neoliberal comes to mind. 
Great job everyone! You’ve successfully warned their fans and they’ll take their time downloading them all to reupload later. 
It’s funny because you’re complaining about the way I’m complaining. 

> They've spent millions lobbying congress on this.

Obviously it’s not enough. I’m already a member, and they haven’t done shit to tackle the big issues imo.

The problem is that real privacy isn’t a product. There’s too much money in security. 

Honestly, if the ACLU spent as much time suing the government up to the Supreme Court to end dick pics at airports as they do helping people people with family law and abortions, we might get somewhere. The bottom line is that we do need a new organization. One that’s not street he’s so thin like the ACLU. It’s convenient to think that they have any real power to protect our privacy when they deal with so many issues at once. It’s time for an organization strictly concerned with our privacy in mind. 
So you just get to pretend that you know what IT means and then that’s it? I don’t know I was talking to the President Trump himself. What an honor. /s

My point still stands because you’re probably lying. Everyday you use tools that you didn’t create yourself. Everyone is reliant on one another. For that reason alone we either need to revert to a more primitive culture or accept the fact that guns are not supposed to be so freely available as they are right now. The idea that you’ll be able to stand up to a government with you’re puny arsenal is laughable and embarrassing. 
I honestly wouldn’t know where to start. Are you saying that I’m not allowed to complain?...  Because that to me is a good place to start. Do you want to help? Or do you just want to pout? I’m criticizing the group who say they’re on my side (not you) but see little being done compared to the scale of the NRA’s ability to stop legislation. 
Ironic since you don’t know what IT means. 
The IT industry includes chip makers. IT actually stands for “Information Technology”

It’s a noun....

The study or use of systems (especially computers and technology) for storing, retrieving, and sending information

So “chip making” falls into the category of IT. Although for my example I was referring to tech support.

With the being said, I highly doubt you’re so independent that there isn’t anything “basic” in your life that someone does for you. If that’s the case, congratulations, you’re in the minority. 
Well let me know when they are able to stop the government from taking a dick pic of me every time I fly. 
I thought we were talking about a different kid who took a picture with is gun got arrested. Was that also the same kid who later commit the shooting in Florida recently?
Sure. Can we get them to repeal the PATRIOT Act already? No? Okay. Can they lobby the government to stop adding to it, lower the budget of the FISC, and make it so I don’t have to give the government a dick pic every time I want to fly somewhere?

Oh they barely try to stop any of those things? Well then I guess we don’t have a group nearly as powerful as the NRA. 
I’m not saying it’s a shield, I’m saying that it’s a side feat of killing anyone. It continues the cycle of abuse. No one deserves to be killed. 
Except this is a case where the people unable to do it themselves wind up murdering innocent people. To think that if everyone has a gun would limit people from shooting strangers is dumb. Isn’t the argument also that if we take guns away, the crazies will still do it, right? Well that means that the crazies will do it no matter what... even if everyone has a gun.

I don’t have the answers but I do see how other nations have gone to the extreme and just banned guns entirely and mass shootings are practically eradicated. At the same time crazy people be crazy and instead they just splash acid in people’s faces or drives trucks into people. But even with any number of things like that a bunch of armed people don’t stop that until it’s too late.
Are you implying that no one does anything for you? Are you completely independent in your life? Your cloths, you woven your own fabric? You built your own house? Tended your own vegetable garden? And in doing so you never exchange goods for other people’s services? 
[this](https://giphy.com/gifs/robot-breakfast-cereal-xT9DPvWQj7K5CtUDwk) is me in a nutshell
Definitely not encouraging anyone to kill themselves... but that would be the most effective (or at least groundbreaking? If that’s the right word...) way to get a message across. Just a bunch of people shooting themselves in protest... hmm... that’s a dark thought even I don’t like... fuck...
Not for a long time and dds are that you won’t run into any asbestos in popcorn form. My house was built in the late 70s and had mine tested. No asbestos. According to the lab I sent my sample to, it doesn’t have to be popcorn ceiling and have asbestos in your house. Its been used for insulation in walls, pipes, and water heaters. It’s been used in carpets. Ceiling panels like the ones used in offices and schools. The list goes on. 

https://www.epa.gov/asbestos/asbestos-professionals

Get tested though. Read up about it. I only tested mine because of the age of the house. My sample cost $45 plus the stamp I mailed it in with. So it’s not that hard to get done. 
Is it really that easy?
It’s my accountants job to do my taxes since I’m retarded at maths. 

It’s IT’s job to fix my printer because I never figured out the pegs through hole games as a kid and don’t know how to plug in a printer.

It’s the laundry mat who cleans my suits because I’m too poor to own my own dry cleaning service.

Welcome to modern day society. Where everyone has specialized traits and stuff we can’t do as well is taken care of by wither people. This ain’t the Wild West anymore. I’m okay with calling someone else to take care of an issue I’m not equipped to handle. 
So can we try and figure out the cause for a person to commit a violent crime and address that part instead of worrying about who has the guns? There are intrinsic issues in society that cause people to do what they do. Adding more weapons to the mix just means more hurt people leading to more issues. I mean that person commuting a violent crime probably has kids. In you’re scenario, that means we stop them with guns. Potentially leading to their death. Now how do you think that kid is going to be able to cope with that? Isn’t that kid going to wind up in trouble one day just like their parent? 
Not from the government, that’s for sure. Correct me if I’m wrong, but it’s never been legal for a US citizen to own a drone capable of delivering a nuclear bomb. I mean, so far the examples given by people with a lot of guns who stand up to the government wind up dead. Lot of good that Second Amendment has done. I’m honestly more concerned about our lack of Fourth Amendment rights. The PATRIOT Act and all it entails is exactly the kind of bullshit that the Second Amendment supporters were supposed to protect us from. Yet here we are, being spied on by our own government. 
You know, this wouldn’t be such a big deal if there wasn’t such of a prominent group supporting the Second Amendment. It makes me with there were groups as organized as the NRA who support some of the other ones like the First, Third, and Fourth Amendments. Those rights get trampled on every day but no one seems to care. 
I know the point of this post is to encourage the use of turn signals, however I would also add that they need to be used in advance of your turn. My friend was driving around the other day and couldn’t believe how no one would let him merge.... yeah you have to use the signal, wait, and then turn/merge. It’s not something you do as you’re turning/merging. 
Good point. I guess the question is weather or not brandishing for a posed picture is considered art and free speech. 
Believe it or not, so does Craigslist haha! I met him once. Cool guy. He was at a design convention and boy did he get a lot of funny looks when people read his badge. 
I think we need to blame Apple here for this one. 

Apple began releasing a new OS every single year. Every year, Apple removed or changed core services and APIs that would greatly affect the performance and reliability of CS4, CS5, CS5.5, and CS6. Adobe never had to address major changes every single year. Before they would just have to worry about improving stability and security. Now that Apple was changing the OS more frequently, Adobe had to hire more developers to not only address security and stability, but now they had to address core functions on a regular basis. 

So what better way to pay for the constant need to adapt to their main customer base on Macs than to bill annually or monthly? Plus the added benefit of lowering piracy and lowering the introduction cost. 

Actually the intro cost is the other factor at play. The economy tanked right around the same time Apple went to an annual upgrade cycle. With the amount of work required to make sure “CS7” would be out fast enough, they would have required users spend another $1,000 in upgrades depending on the version needed. So, to make the pill easier to swallow, we wind up with a monthly fee ecosystem. 

It’s hard to convince people that they need to spend hundreds of dollars every year for a functioning app when it was working fine before. At the same time the die hard Apple base loves the latest and “greatest” OS all the time. Adobe just did what they had to do. 
Yeah I get that, but Hollywood doesn’t have an issue pointing guns at people. There’s planning and safety precautions in place but it’s all done to get that image. It’s art. It’s speech. A picture of one person pointing a gun at someone else should not be illegal. 
Don’t get upset that I can’t understand what your point was. Be more clear from the start. I did read the previous comments, but because they they never mention the broken phone issue, I can only address the issue with the idea that cellular data costs money. You are correct when you say that mountains don’t have Wi-Fi, but mountains are the likely location for a cellphone tower. So when you ask, “what about when I’m out and about?” The fear seems to be that you don’t want to pay for the data. As a matter of fact that’s exactly the issue you brought up in your previous comment. Only now are you adding the, “what if I break my phone?” thing which contradicts your issues with paying for data. 
What personal data though? The same personal data that people give to other corporations like Apple, Microsoft, and your local ISP? The same privacy that forces all these companies to hand over our information to the government thanks to the PATRIOT Act and FICA?
Yes, but I feel like people have to be reminded since so many are lead to believe that trading in a two year old phone (aka, recycling) is good enough for the environment. That and Apple’s propaganda about a closed loop system has everyone thinking that there are no side effects to buying a new phone as frequently as possible. Where are the ads from Apple telling people to continue using their old Macs? Where are the security updates for older versions of iOS and macOS? Where is the encouragement to repair instead of replace? It’s just *BUY MORE* and *RECYCLE*. None of Apple’s green marketing even mentions reuse. 
But a lot of people do and even more assume that we have crystal clear internet everywhere since California is home to most tech companies. Fact is that it only takes about an hour or less drive away from a major highway to wind up in the country where internet sucks big time. Offline features with smartphones is very important. 
It’s quite a popular option at check out. 
Yes. It can. That’s kinda why I find it so hypocritical when people proclaim Apple the champion of privacy. 
My issue is what is set as default. When I tap a link on iOS, I have no choice but for that link to take me to Safari, Apple Maps, Apple Mail, etc. at least on your s7 you’re able to change that default to be whatever applicable app you want. So the default s7 map app sucks you say? Oh well, set it to Bing Maps if your want to or whatever. Yeah, I’m still able to use any app I want but I have to manually go to that app and paste in the link (as long as iOS was able to properly copy the link first). It’s such a pain in the ass. Since iOS 6, the os has gotten more and more in my way from doing what I want to do in favor of what Apple makes me do. I’m done with that nonsense.

I find it interesting with a mobile web browser, how you’re still technically using the built in browser. So when you use Chrome on iOS, it’s actually Safari with a Chrome skin. This way you get the syncing features from your desktop. But you’re not getting Chrome’s rendering engine. Fuck... I really hope Apple doesn’t do that kind of thing with Maps. 
Right but what kind of encryption? Where are the keys? 
> All the data is encrypted before it goes into storage

Do you have a source for that?
There are only so many construction companies, hardware manufacturers, engineers, developers, and resources in general. On a smaller scale, take the PC community right now, there is a shortage on GPUs, RAM, and NAND flash memory in general and the cot to build a gaming PC right now is nearly double what it was less than a year ago. While I have the money to build a new PC, I’d rather not. I’d rather wait until the market improves for the components need. If I had the ability to affordable rent/lease a gaming PC... I probably could but it’s not going to be in bulk like how Apple is leasing server hardware... point is that it’s better to use someone else’s equipment until circumstances are different. Apple might have the cash to build there own, but they have needs right now. They have a demand for x amount of cloud space and to build their own box will take months of local government approvals, months of constructions, and then the equipment itself has to be set up for the cloud. 
Get it together... yeah I mean it’s really challenging for large metropolitan agencies to adopt new tech. They have budgets. They have bureaucracies. They also, presumably don’t want to pay anymore fees than they have to. Odds are Apple and/or whoever makes the magic possible has terms and fees that people are not what to agree to.
Yeah my first gen Apple Watch is never in sync with my phone. At this point I see it as normal operation.
>I don't feel that way. 

Good for you. Unfortunately, my experience is very negative with that app and still is. It’s the primary reason I plan on switching to Android after my 6s dies. I’ve owned an iPhone since day one and have been an Apple user all my life. The fact that Apple won’t let users pick their own default apps in a way similar to the Mac is absolutely infuriating to me.


>Have you used Apple Maps recently? 

Yes because the OS forces me to and not much has changed. The things that have improved were things that were already good to go with the competitions map and navigation apps.


>Apple Maps got really good

When? Compared to what? It’s still really bad for me and I only live about two hours away from Apple’s mothership.


> (they bought Tom Tom's data) 

Yeah they bought that data on day one though. It’s not like they were shit at launch and then they bought that data to fix their problems.


>and IMO it navigates far better than Google Maps as of the past few years. 

Lol!... no but seriously... HAHAHAHHA!

The only advantage Apple Maps has on iOS is the fact that it’s the only app that can be default for navigation. That’s it. Strip that away and you’re left with a sub par version of Google Maps. 

Even within the last year, Apple Maps has directed me down a dozen private roads when it shouldn’t. It had me drive in circles, literal circles, approximately a block away from the hotel I was trying to get to. It told me my destination was in the SF Bay. It guided me down three closed roads. None of my feedback has every been addressed (no pun intended). 

And in all of those instances, Google Maps and even Bing Maps got it done correctly on the first try.

Screw Apple Maps. What’s even worse is when I try and copy and past an address from my iOS Calendar. This is what it looks like...

x-maps-mapitemhandles: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

That link does absolutely no one any good unless they’re on an Apple. Guess what? Not everyone... most people are not on Apple. Furthermore, the Calendar used to copy and paste the actual address before iOS 8. I’ve submitted feedback about this issue countless times and it’s still happening. Please explain how this action is good design.

Still waiting for an offline mode. Still waiting for my own neighborhood to be mapped out. Still waiting for my feedback about a road that’s closed to take effect. Still waiting for the ability to pick my own default map app on my iPhone. 

I mean this sincerely. I’m glad you find the app useful. I do not. And for the dozen reason I do not, Apple has not addressed them. Everyone who proudly proclaims Apple Maps to be above average should have no issue also asking Apple to let us pick our own default app. It won’t effect you. Apple can and will still use my location data for whatever stats they can wheeze out of an already small user base. I don’t care about that. All I want is the ability for a linked address to take me to anything other than Apple Maps. 
So ah... where’s that privacy fanboys and girls are always hyped up about? If my data is passing through Google’s servers anyway, where’s the guarantee that my data stored in iCloud is actually private?
That’s precisely what /u/sprucelord done. They didn’t tap on restore purchases and type in their password. 
No need. OP isn’t accurate with their post. If you bought the app for $5, you just have to restore purchases and the ads go away and you can play offline. Sega has literally lowered the price and introduced a way to play for free... this could be celebrated. 

Those emulators are too slow for Sonic anyway. 
Put down the pitchforks people. OP is not spreading accurate information. 

If you already bought the app for $5, click on the restore purchases option and the ads will be removed and offline play will work as it did before. 

Sega has literally lowered the price of the app. It only requires an internet connection if you play it for free.
Yeah wait a minute... I was just able to play the app in airplane mode too... this post is not accurate. 

I bought the app years ago and did the restore purchases. No ads and works offline. 

So is the offline mode only for people who bought it long ago? Or do they go away if people remove ads? If that’s the case, that effectively means they lowered the apps price from $5 to $2 and made it so people can play it for free... that actually really cool. 
Wait what? I have Sonic the Hedgehog 2 on my iPhone right now and I didn’t have any ads and requires no internet connection!...

Edit: Oh fuck me. They updated the game. They changed it. It wasn’t like this originally. This is fucking stupid. The amount of people I told to buy this app back when none of this BS was happening. Fuck me. Fuck Sega. 

Edit 2: Oh look at me falling for fake news. If you bought the app like me for $5, just choose to restore purchases. Done. No ads and works offline. Basically Sega just lowers the price of the app to free-$2. We should put down our pitchforks and applaud Sega for this move. 
Hey OP, do you have anymore generic things that I can be thankful for as a single person with nearly everyone in the family already passed away? I guess the moral of the story is that I need a girlfriend and have kids. The list gets a lot shorter when that stuff is removed. 

6. My dog 
9. The smell of flowers and rain 
11. Smelling the fireplace ~on Christmas morning with the family~
12. All my friends 
14. The rush of weekday mornings. I know it sounds crazy, but I'll miss it. I'll miss the coffee, ~the crowded bathrooms, my wife's quick peck goodbye, the kids forgetting their lunch..~ you get my point 
15. Rain. Is that weird? 


Sad considering that it’s a green way to move around. I always find Apple users selective eco friendly lifestyles to be a bit hypocritical. Like, reduce your footprint by buying a new phone every year.... that’s not how you help the environment. Recycling should be a last resort. 
> and the internet is available everywhere

Lol! You must not live in California. 
I still have an iPhone and google maps ability to save maps offline has literally been a life saver. I really wish Apple would let users pick their own default map and navigation app. It’s basically the main reason why I plan on switching once my 6s dies. 
That’s what I thought. 
I thought you could make it so it only uploads/downloads on Wi-Fi?
I mean, at least google doesn’t make people pay for that storage. 
Why should they? How are we supposed to know what they’re saying? How can we effectively debate them if we try and silence them? People just want to feel safe in there little bubble. Fuck them. Let the NRA have a channel next to the thousands of others who stand against them.

Leading up to the 2016 presidential election, I swear I felt like the only liberal listening to the conservative radio in our area. They brought up some good points and had I not heard them I wouldn’t have had time to form a rebuttal if someone asked me about it on the street.

Seriously, trying to force these companies to remove a station based on not liking what they have to say is not a good way to go about this. 
Turtles eat stuff that’s still alive. This prevents their food from swimming away. 
To not only do this to the NRA but to make a big deal about it on Twitter is so brave.... couldn’t they have just told the NRA? Why does this have to be news?
Child porn aside... since when is it illegal to post pictures with guns? This article mentions other students being arrested for just that. How is that a crime?
> they never came in with cockroach infestations or twenty years' worth of nicotine soot covering the internals

Oh, you didn’t? You must not have done it long enough. We had to change our policy to explicitly state that if you’re shit smells like shit, you’re shit’s got to go someplace else. Lol!

We had someone bring in a G5 Power Mac and they were clearly a smoker. The color was reminiscent of the gold MacBooks today and here was this dusty brown paste all over the inside. That thing had great airflow AMR?

Also had people thing their iMac HDD was dead due to clicking noises only to find out that a bug was stuck in the fan. 

People are gross. Doesn’t matter if you have a Mac or a PC.... see, just one more reason we’re all alike. 
You say you don’t want to waste time but you keep replying. I must have peaked your interested list at least a little bit.

No please. I insist. Explain. I have an open mind. Convince me that what I said was wrong. Or maybe you can’t. That’s cool too. I don’t blame you for being a Russian bot trolling the web with lies. (Idk what the kids use these days to make broad insults. SJW? Such weak shit.)
Same with Apple. I remember working at the Apple Store back when it was a lot simpler to get a hold of someone in the store you called. At least once a month I’d get a call from someone saying, ***“My internet is gone!”***

That sentence equals, “I accidentally removed Safari from the dock, please show me how to find the Applications folder for the first time, and teach me what click-and-drag means.”
You don’t know how to brows the web until you’ve used 12 displays with one tab open for each one. 
But one can dream....
HOA's can suck my nuts.
Did you pull over to take this? 
Try and use your brain for just a minute and maybe you'll understand the similarity between a factory worker's life in China vs that of slaves in The South.

Let me make it as simple as possible for you to comprehend. I believe that the employees who build out products should have to be compensated the same way they would if they were in the USA or the EU. It's that simple. But I can understand how you might get lost.
Awesome. Thank you. I'm moving soon so this is good to know.
> What you’re also missing is that America isn’t the only country in the world who buys iPhone

No, I'm not missing that... 

>iPhone is sold globally and distributing a finished product from the USA is not always the best option

Neither is it by shipping from *only* China.

To that end, I've never suggested that iPhones be built exclusively in one place either.

>into the USA, which would be more costly for Apple.

yep...

>Just because it’s sold in America, doesn’t mean it must be Made in America.

Okay, seriously, you're making counter arguments to statements I've never made.

My issue is with the way things are done in the factories right now. Pay is abysmal. Living conditions are grotesque. While America abolished slavery, corporate greed found a way to make it legal again. They don't have to follow the laws of the land where the product is sold, and for that we need change.

*"The Americans may boast of the rights of man, the great law of nature, as being the basis of their constitution; they may declaim against tyranny and oppression; yet every man who becomes a slave-holder in Missouri is a tyrant of their creation … . The effects of slavery are truly appalling. Where slavery exists, virtue and morality are swept as with a flood of corruption."* - Isaac Holmes 1823

Replace Missouri with China and there is literally no difference in sentiment.
If AirPlay matters to you then go ahead and get a used third gen Apple TV. I switched to a Fire Stick a while ago, no regrets. Been able to stream Amazon Prime (as well as everything else) with zero issues. I have a number of purchases in iTunes but my goodness there is so much lag with playback and iTunes on a PC or Mac is absolute garbage. So I've also been making more digital purchases from Amazon, Google, and I even tried YouTube's process... they're all way smoother than iTunes. Seriously, why does iTunes take up 80% of my i7's resources when it's just downloading a file? No other app does this. So because of my dissatisfaction of iTunes in general, I've been more than happy to try out the competition. No regrets.
By far the least biased answer here.
What about when the weight is all in the car/truck with no trailer? Is it best to keep the most dense load near the front, center, or rear?
Or it's just as simple as it being a place filled with young people working minimum wage jobs who watch Adult Swim. If I worked at McDonald's, I'd be posting picks of sauce too.
>upcoming season 4

LOL!... No but seriously... LOLOLOLOL!

Season four is a long ways away. Like probably another year and a half at least. The sauce is all we've got right now.
The only effective tool poor people have are their words. The rich and powerful will always do whatever it takes to make sure those people are not trusted or even given a chance to speak. Taking away their means of communication with the rest of the world is exactly the kind of bullshit that is meant to censor the people who need help the most.
Anyone who thinks Activision Blizzard or Ubisoft won't do the same exact crap with micro-transactions is delusional.
> If Iphone is ever produced here, it will be 100% automated.

No duh, it would cost a lot less.

>sorry to say this but America is not the best at everything.

Never said it was. But the idea that people here are incapable of screwing and gluing together a phone is complete BS. Other high tech equipment, including many components that go into an iPhone are made in the USA.

>I have many years experience in manufacturing

So you too have a biased opinion on the topic and could very well be a victim of the propaganda. You're like a cotton farmer telling us that white people are simply not cut out for pickin'.
> The USA simply doesn’t have the capacity or skill to pump out 50,000 iPhones a day or 350 per minute to meet global demand.

I don’t believe in that fallacy. Of course people here have the capacity to build cellphones. It’s not a difficult task. 

> China stopped being the low labor cost country many years ago

Bullshit. Employees work longer days. Labor laws are very lax. Hourly rates are pennies on the dollar. 

Of course the person in charge of the company making money off the backs of slave labor would tell us that it’s just not possible. These were literally the same excuses made by plantation workers before the US Civil War. 

The “skills” we lack have to do with our inability to work in crappy environments where we’re not allowed to talk to one another, take short lunches in a factory owned cafeteria, sleep in factory owned dorm 8-12 people per room, no vacation time, and a salary that would mean you have no choice but to stay on the factory grounds because you can’t even afford to go see a movie. 

If Tim Cook and Apple are good at one thing... it’s propaganda. 
Oh it’s to cut out the middleman alright. It’s so Apple can save money. Just like their push into solar. Just like the forests the bought. The more they can control, the higher profits can go. 
It’s to save money and cut out the middleman. 
> How would this benefit Apple, 

They would cut out another middleman and save money on another raw material. 

>how would this benefit the Miners?

That one is tougher to say, it would mean they would have a reliable buyer for their product but also a more strict one. If they make too many mistakes the deal could screw hem over and then loose the mine. Like that sapphire factory. But that would depend on the contract. 
Apple wants to cut out another middleman? Color me surprised. 
That's all that owl is good for right? For the last fifty years, that's all the owl ever had to do. Count the licks (giggidy). I know that when the customer at my job actually gives a shit about me, I immediately give a million more shits about them.
How about we discus facts and debate what I’ve said instead of trying to attack my character with personal insults? Seriously, what’s wrong with disagreeing? I praise Apple for their successes... I just see less of them as time goes on.

> You think an AR SDK is not a big deal and trivial.

 I think it’s an incremental step towards something cool. It has potential. But to me, what qualifies as a “big deal” is different from yours. That’s all that’s “wrong with me.” We have different opinions. 
> Uh yeah no they don't host downloads of releases from nearly a decade ago

Well that’s essentially what this lawsuit is requesting. Windows 7 came out before Snow Leopard 10.6 a decade ago. (And don’t forget Microsoft still offers security updates for 7, unlike Apple who only offers them for three years. Which matters for computers that still function just fine for their users and would rather not have to recycle and buy new as that’s not good for the environment compared to continual reuse.)

> You can always snag the newest version

Not always compatible with other software. 

> and the previous version of macOS from the App Store

Only if you had it associates wit your Apple ID and now you can even do the same with Sierra. It would appear that from now on we will only have access to the latest OS.

> If you need older than n-1, then you can access that via the Apple website: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT206886 

That only offers El Capitan 10.11 for System’s who cannot go past 10.11. What about users who can’t go past 10.8 or 10.7? Those had cut offs for system support as well. 


Anyone with a smartphone has been delivered AR. It’s up to the apps to make it worthwhile. Unfortunately, it’s all just a sandbox phase. For the AR, we need a headset.
How am I a troll exactly? Because I don’t agree with you 100%? I’ve been an Apple user my whole life. I only want them to do better. Don’t you?
Understandable. It sounds like a lot of the issues they’re left with are really big ones that would have a domino effect if they just tried to quickly change something. 
They still have to have regions since servers are spread out around the world. Ping to the server does not equal what region the player is in either. 
To bad it will also effect a lot of people in the region they select as well. It’s not like North America has great ping in every city. Our networks are complete trash. 
Bad ping does not equal region. It can also equal a shitty network. Like where I live, I’m an hour away from San Francisco but my only option for internet is copper DSL. These lines were placed underground in the 70s and are complete shit. I’m lucky to have a 30-40. Other people live far enough in the country side that microwave dish and satellite internet are their only options and ping above 100 is normal. 
iOS does not remove location data when sharing photos. 
Yeah thanks to Apple, having a notch cut out of our displays is now acceptable and not ground upon like notches from older Android gear. 
I think what they’re trying to say is that the source for this claim in the article isn’t very clear. Who voted? What was the criteria? What other brands/products were considered? But the key is the who part. Are the authors qualified to make this call?
Seriously, Apple has only contributed to AR in a very general way.
AR? What? I’ve yet to see any AR stuff take off beyond some gimmicks. It’s not like Apple has done anything mind blowing in that realm.
To bad there aren’t NRA level of lobbying protection for our other Amendments. I mean the IV Amendment has been shit on quite a bit. Especially after the PATRIOT Act. Fuck the FISC
Some people finding it fun is a lot different than none. 
Really? You can download a copy of macOS 10.6 through 10.12? What if I never downloaded them wit my Apple ID before? 
Can’t wait for this feature to get in the way. 
So the guy could get a copy from Asus but wants to make a big deal about it?... I wish them luck, but I doubt any judge is going to side with them. At the same time, a lawsuit that forces Microsoft and Apple to easily provide older versions of their OS would be fantastic.
> No one wants to hear it

I disagree. I've seen first hand positive reactions to people playing music in public all the time.
>How do I set up over-internet Time Machine if I don't?

You don't. It's a very bad idea. Each incremental backup would take hours or even days (if they don't fail or time-out first).

>How do I pick between WD options? Red, Re, Purple...?

I love [Goooooooold](https://media.giphy.com/media/XlvbF51R0T9uM/giphy.gif). Seriously, you want the [WD Gold](https://www.wdc.com/products/internal-storage/wd-gold-enterprise-class-hard-drive.html) drives.

>I have five Time Machine drives for myself lol. Two where I live, one with my parents, and one with each set of grandparents.

Cool. Are they portable drives or do they need to be plugged into power? I always recommend portable drives for local backups since they are they easiest to take away in an emergency. Like the fires we experienced here in Sonoma County, I was pleased to hear some of my customers telling me that they took my advice and just snagged the drive and ran, leaving their iMac or whatever behind. USB cables are cheap.

The other thing you can do is get in a monthly or quarterly habit of swapping out local TM drives with one you keep in a safety deposit box.

>The one overseas only gets updated about once a year but since they have high speed internet I would like to make that possible!

>Like I said, the two places we actually spend most of our time are in pretty high burglary risk areas. Local backups aren't enough.

That's why you've got an off-site NAS with all your data in your own little cloud backing up everyone's data where it's safe and sound... but you won't be using Time Machine with your NAS. It's just not going to work... I mean, it will work if you set it up right; but backups will fail all the time, each incremental backup will take forever, and replacing corrupted backup images will be a daily-weekly chore.

>Oh god... I wish I could answer this easily.

Then you need to hire someone insured and make them sign an NDA. Or... trial and error is always fun if you're into that sort of thing.

>NAS sharing Time Machine partitions

That would work on a local network. But that's it. Time Machine is not going to work over the internet, even if you had Gigabit fiber on both ends, the speed would be terrible. It's slow enough doing it to a local server let alone one traveling across the web. When I worked at Oracle, all the directors had MacBook Pros, plugged into the local network, and would backup to servers. We're talking 800+ Mbps up and down between their laptops and the server. They'd change about 5 GB of data in a day and one backup to the server would take an entire shift. Half my job was just scolding people who canceled to many TM backups in a week. I had to play good-cop/bad-cop every time I told them how much it sucked but that it had to be done. We eventually gave everyone with a laptop a portable drive for reliable and consistent TM backups. Then they could cancel the ones that went to the server so long as they agreed to let at least one backup to the server each week. TM packets are huge and the verification process will destroy your network speeds. Go ahead and try. Seriously. I would love to be proven wrong... but I also love watching people fail... so seriously... try it. It sucks. I can picture you now at your desk shaking your head whispering, "god dammit, that takeabitch on reddit was right."

>But since they'll be pointing onto common property it is worth looking into.

Do so. Or else you might waste a bunch of time and money setting up cameras for a nosy neighbor to call the cops on you for. It's worth having a professional at least consult with you about it. I'm all for doing it yourself, it's just that surveillance laws are a thing.
I didn't say you do or do not trust Twitch. I'm pointing out that both are not to be trusted and by your own metric of distrust, your sentiment should be about the same as it is with Facebook.
Eh... [not really](https://pro.sony.com/bbsc/ssr/cat-broadcastcameras/cat-hdstudio/product-HDC2000B/). They use high end equipment for the medium. I mean, most broadcast TV is only 720p, maybe 1080i. So it's not like they need some epic 8k stuff. 

The main reason's why soaps look so cheap is because they shoot an insane amount of episodes in a short amount of time. There's not much rehearsal. Sets are dressed and lit in less than a day. There's not much done in post. Take, "The Young and the Restless" for example. They release about five one-hour episodes a week... That's a lot of content. That show is on there way to 12,000 episodes! Like holy shit! Like this is the definition of quantity over quality. It's not a show people binge watch. The audience just moves on with the day and waits to see what's next.  The producers don't get a year or two to make thirteen episodes. They're pumping out episodes like a daily vlogger.
I'm with you... but we can still disagree on the details.
So it's not hurting you? You're just annoyed by it? Therefore it must never happen?
So what about all the other noises out in the world? All the squeaks of big buses and trucks. Construction equipment chopping up the streets. Air planes and helicopters passing by... Some guys prolonged ringtone is the least of my eardrums worries.
No, it's just racist. It's a claim made with no evidence to support it and calls out one specific race in a negative context. 
I mean, there's random music in the background of every single retail store on the planet. Does that offend you as much as a stranger playing their stuff? Honestly, if they're not being obnoxious about it by drowning out your conversation, then it should be easy to ignore. They're just trying to live their life just like you.

Edit: at least I'm not being racist!
Oh..... you're absolutely right. My eye's played tricks on me. I thought the comment was below the other one.
Are you kidding me? This whole thread is about the state paying for people's healthcare at a time when the State doesn't want to pay for our healthcare. It's ripe for political discourse. A one liner jab like that only brings up more issues at stake.
Sounds a lot better than a lot of the ones I've heard elsewhere. This was borderline classy. It could have been a lot worse IMO.
Must just be something wrong with the site.
>Can you put four 6TB drives in a NAS and make two 6TB drives in RAID 1?

Depends on your hardware... and I mean hardware and not software. DO NOT USE A SOFTWARE RAID IF YOU'RE USING MACOS. Actually, don't use macOS for your NAS at all. I wouldn't partition them either, just use disk images and other settings on the NAS with other software to limit each systems storage space. 

When it comes to syncing there is no perfect solution for this. Ever since the first geek bough a second computer, it's been a dream to keep everything in sync. The solution is... well Chrome OS... I kid but at the same time, the concept is that you keep and access all your data on the server (AKA "cloud") and then all your systems will always have the same data. You log into that server and grab what you need. Apps are stored locally and the save files are pulled down to the system as needed and then put back on the server when done. iCloud Drive Desktop & Documents syncing does this in a much more elegant way but the concept is the same.

It all really depends on the data we're talking about here. You need to have business class internet wherever your NAS will be so you have a static IP, unless you want to jump through more hoops.

Battery backups will be needed for the NAS, network gear, and all your security equipment.

The drives themselves should be rated for this kind of work too. Ones that offer longer warranties and even data recovery are a must IMO.

You won't be using Time Machine to the offsite NAS. That's just not going to work. But I would recommend that you buy a small portable encrypted HDD or SSD to keep with each system as a TM drive. Data on a RAID 5 NAS is inherently backed up so you don't have to worry so much about that. The local TM drive will be a lot more reliable, faster, offer you the recovery partition, and gives you a second backup for each machine.

No joke, what you're trying to accomplish is what people get paid a lot of money to do for people such as yourself. It's a lot of protocol and equipment. Not trying to discourage you. I'm just saying, we need more info about how you use your computers to get the best setup for your data to be synced. There is no easy, one-size-fits-all kind of thing.

The security gear stuff is it's own ecosystem of nonsense and legal headaches. If you plan on placing any of the cameras in view of the public, I would highly recommend you look into a local security company to help you with the setup of the cameras. There are a lot... a whole lot of laws when it comes to setting up cameras in places where they are in the line of sight of other people's property. If security is important to you, a couple webcams inside your house isn't going to be enough. You'll want ones outside. Gotta catch those licence plates.

At any rate. I'm not trying to discourage you at all. I'm just casually throwing you my two cents. In that regard, you might get some ideas on the NAS from this [video](https://youtu.be/uykMPICGeqw?t=4m35s) if you haven't already seen it. They use [these](https://www.45drives.com/) in a lot of their NAS builds and the software they use is very slick. Offers a lot of flexibility and top notch support.
The link I posted was the site I was taken to when I went to the buy page like a standard person would. Apple.com > Mac > iMac Pro > Buy. If you go here https://www.apple.com/mac/ and then immediately click the "Buy" where the iMac Pro is featured, it still takes us to the random "call us" page. Your link is like one I would have if I was still a sales person and needed that link on the fly. It's weird. Must be something wrong with the site or something.
And if that's true, then that's precisely how Apple will lose customers.
[Good artists copy; great artists steal.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CW0DUg63lqU) Could you imagine if someone patented the wheel or fire? There's only so many ways to build a cell phone. Even in video games the derision was made long ago that one cannot patent a whole genre of entertainment. There are multiple FPS, Racing, Sports, ect. games that are all very similar but different. I mean one could say that Apple "stole" the idea of using a touch screen from Star Trek. Intellectual property rights are a joke to begin with. 
Also, what am I "getting away with?" If I'm allowed to say it, then that means I'm merely excising my freedom to say something. It's not a privilege, it is my right as a human being to be critical of people in power.
What does that have to do with kill count?
Tell that to the people still playing Smash Bros. for the Game Cube.
You don't see Amazon (who owns Twitch) manipulating people as well?
It's naive to think Twitch doesn't do the exact same things.

Like what anti-trackers are you referring to? I don't have a problem with mine. I have Disconnect and Ublock running.
What sucks is that means their track record isn’t consistent. I used to submit feedback all the freaking time. Since Apple refuses to let users pick their own default map app I figured I might as well try and help right? Well for about a year there was a bridge closure in my area while it was being refurbished. Apple Maps always sent me across that bridge. Google... even Bing and Yahoo Maps...  showed the bridge as closed. About once a month I submitted feedback in the app and on the website.  I sent them links to local news articles about the closure. Took pictures and video and sent them to Apple. I wish I was joking... the first time Apple Maps showed the bridge was closed was the day it reopened to the public. Edit: and when that day came, Google showed the bridge being open again. 

That’s just one example of why I absolutely hate Apple Maps. Let users pick their own default for crying out loud. I’m glad it works for some people but it consistently fails for me and the feedback I submit seems to be completely ignored. Lack of reliable navigation by default is one of the reasons I’ll switch to Android after my 6s Plus bites the dust. 
I wish I could set my own default apps. 
Serious question. Why does an anonymous employee have to tell everyone on Reddit about this? Why can’t the multi billion dollar corporation have a mechanism for explaining this issue as soon as someone calls with an automated message? Apple wouldn’t even have to pay a voice after to do it, they’ve got Siri. 
Someone said that the “watching now number is based off of people signed in. Also, isn’t it possible that the number is so low because of all the unjustified hate?
Seems like a waste of resources to install Wi-Fi into your batteries....
I mean, some others are talking about a wireless connection... but if that’s the case, why would the robots intentionally put a Wi-Fi card in anyone? Seems like a waste of resources. 
Cannon how? Can you specify when they explain this so called wireless connection to the Matrix?
Why not? The dude in the TV room even said that the whole thing was planned and part of the program. It’s all just part of the system of control and what not. At no point did anyone say or imply that Neo has a wireless connection to the network. 
But once you know that all you have to do is hit the watch button on the sidebar, the stream for the game comes up as the top link. 
In the first 15 minutes of me on that site, the majority of the screen was filled up with betting on the games. No where is a “watch now” kind of button. But each page has a lock to place a bet or gamble with skins. 
So don’t use Facebook for anything other than the stream. You don’t have to log in to watch. 
> don't need to log in

You can stream Facebook live stuff without an account. You just go to the site and start watching. 
> For me personally the site is slow and laggy as fuck

That sucks. I’m sorry and I mean that. I just wonder if that’s a startup problem being new at live streaming. I mean that sounds like a fixable problem. 

> I also dont want to go to facebook or download the facebook app JUST to watch a csgo match.

Hmm, okay so just to watch one thing, yeah that sucks but it could be the start of a lot of live events streamed online so it could become something you need to have like downloading any app...

I mean the biggest complaint I have about switching from traditional cable is the infrastructure surrounding live television. If I wanted to watch the Grammies, Olympics, New Years ball drop, or even local news, There has to be more than one option to stream that stuff online. It’s only inevitable. I mean, maybe the solution is for Facebook to set up a different company altogether just for competing with Twitch. Of course then the headline would be, “Don’t use the new [insert app name here], Facebook is behind it” but odds are the complaints could apply to any corporation. 
Oh it’s totally possible. It’s just that the complaints need to be specific and not just, “Facebook sucks!”

Why does it suck? What could Facebook do to suck less? Does god exist and is he Gabe Newell?
See that’s the thing, I was just visitingw my cousin (app developer) and at first I was on the side of everyone else.... we started talking about PUBG, then CDGO, streaming, and then all this Fasebook/ESL BS. So we immediately popped on the stream in the iOS Facebook app on a 6s Plus... worked fine. We instantly found the option to hide the emojis and left it running for a wile and felt nothing different about it compared to any other live stream. 

This is in no way meant to discredit your issues, it’s just that network reliability sucks for everyone from time to time and I question weather or not people are just experiencing a streaming issue that could happen through any app. 

At any rate, I think that if people would be more specific about their complaints (and eliminate the network issue factor) that it’s quite possible for Facebook to improve and become...  of an alternative.. but just another gamer streamer. To let Twitch be the end all be all of that sort of thing is dangerous. There’s not telling what they’ll do in the future and Twitch could one day do something so fucked up that it ruins everything. I have no problem with there being 10 different video game streaming options. It’s almost inevitable. 
Oh! Nice. Well then fly safe and I’m sure it’s fine. I mean, it’s not like Anker would look any less scetch than any other rando cell phone accessory brand. It’s just not one I’ve ever heard of so it scares me. 

What kind of stuff do you fly?
Yeah I mean it’s so frustrating to see people not even budge on the topic. Like there has got to be a way for us to have our cake and eat it too. I think guns are cool and would like to buy one. Not as a toy but a tool. I don’t want to kill anyone. It’s just that I’d rather have one and not need to use it than need one and not have one... even in the peaceful world of Star Trek they have guns.... there has got to be a middle ground on this. Baby steps, right? Like today we make sure studies can’t be done exclusively on gun violence but studies can include violence involving guns... Big picture wise, there is a larger problem at hand. I don’t have all the answers. I just think that there has to be something at the core of why people shoot up schools, rape children, throw acid in people’s faces, etc.... Bad shit happens everyday. Maybe pass a law that requires everyone do some psychedelics lol! 
Okay, well if it can’t be about gun violence specifically, let’s make it about all violence in general with guns being one part of the study. A study like that would help identify the source of people’s need to kill.
Someone mentioned that the Facebook number is only counting people who are logged in and watching.
I don't know of any examples where this dooms day scenario has taken place in the history of sports. I live in the SF Bay Area. The Golden State Warriors changed who their radio broadcaster was a year or so ago. Many fans were upset since this also brought in completely different announcers. But since it's the only way to listen to the live games, people now tune into that station an have since moved on with their lives.

You're still watching the games right? That's what your post is about. All the sponsors who've plaster the sets with their corporate logos are still getting the eye traffic they payed for. The only looser is Facebook since they're the ones who spent all the money on the broadcasting rights. Using back doors to watch the show through different sites in different regions is just going to give more lawyers more jobs at Facebook. It will be increasingly harder to to watch the stream any other way from the prescribed site.

I think if people were more specific with their complaints and offer some constructive criticism, it might just give Facebook the opportunity to improve their services for everyon.




How is going to a different website so difficult? It's the same as changing the channel on TV. "Seems to be inferior" Is it though? What specifically is making it inferior? Because I don't notice a difference when I was watching it today on my phone. I'm not doubting that you or others are having stream quality issues. It would be hypocritical of me since I have issues with some of my technology from time to time and hate it when someone chimes in only to say, "Well I don't have a problem." It get's us nowhere. But being super vague about what's wrong won't get us anywhere either.
And Amazon isn't? Amazon owns Twitch after all. Amazon tracks and sells personal data all the time. They are constantly undercutting local businesses. Profit for Amazon is a repetitively new thing for them since they've been using this strategy.

https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/qbd1dLVex31AbOZ0OrkyUpyV1mY=/1000x0/filters:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/10139779/YzT65.png
>  the neat pop-out thing twitch can do while you're in other apps is pretty great and much missed

So if Facebook added that and made the stream more reliable for you, would there be anything else wrong? Personally I have not seen the issues you're talking about but that doesn't mean they're not happening to you. So for the sake of argument I believe you. I'm just genuinely curious why there's so much hate when I honestly don't see much of a difference between a stream on Twitch vs Facebook. It sounds like we watch it in different ways and use features of Twitch I have not tried before.
> I truly despise Facebook as a company and I am very impressed by how many people don't want to give them control.

As opposed to giving control to Twitch/Amazon? A company that also profits from tracking, collecting, and selling our personal info.
I did. I seriously do not understand what's wrong with it. If it's the emoji BS, yeah it's annoying but it can also be turned off.
I'd rather not use a gambling website.
I sincerely don't get it either. What specifically is so bad about Facebook streaming these games?
Why though? I genuinely curious. You say you hate Facebook but give no reason. I want to be on your side but I don't know what that is beyond the fact that you don't like it.
So are most companies. 

For example, Twitch is owned by Amazon. Amazon is a company hell bent on destroying local businesses by undercutting the competition. They are simply waiting for all the alternative shops to either close shop or use Amazon as their storefront. At which point Amazon will be able to comfortable raise prices. They also collect and sell every drop of personal information about you just like Facebook. So... it's kind of hypocritical to blast one brand and not the other when they pull the same BS and beyond.
Serious question. Why don't you like watching it on Facebook? The only post I've seen so far was the one that showed all the BS emojis flying across the screen but all that can be turned off and you just see the stream.

I am in no way trying to defend any brand or site. I have no motives here other that to understand why people don't like it in Facebook so much.
> Anker 30w

Can you link to that?
Definitely recommend Anker over whatever brand that one is... Anker costs less too.
Correct. That's why Neo was able to force block the Sentinels in the second movie. It's all part of the system of control. The "real world" was set up to throw people off the trail. People would try and escape the Matrix no matter what and so allowing some to think they did keeps the batteries plugged in.
Had an interview at Blockbuster about ten years ago. They liked me so much they wanted me to be a store manager right away. I was excited. Becoming a store manager in retail is like the golden ticket to mediocre success in life. So I get called in to meet the regional manager and she starts telling me about all sorts of exciting changes coming to the chain. Because of my experience working at the Apple Store, they were hoping some of my Apple retail know how would jump start their new programs. They wanted to start offering a USB drive service where people with crappy internet could come in and download movies onto a flash drive to watch on their computer later. They were going to start offering more and more pop culture knickknacks. Remodels and consolidation of some locations... wait what? Consolidation? Why do you guys need to change you’re business model again?... oh fuck this! I’m out. Good luck with that! Aaaand they filed for bankruptcy a couple years later. While it would have been nice to have a manager credit on my resume at the time there’s no way I’m boarding a sinking ship. 
Even if it was true that Twitch didn't make an offer, it says a lot that Facebook managed to snag the broadcasting deal. ESL wanted the cash, and they knew their audience would watch it anyway. The idea that they are losing viewers when everyone on here is exclaiming how wonderful it is to watch it on a gambling site seems a bit contradictory. Twitch simply doesn't get the foot traffic for them to ignore major events. They are way down the list compared to Facebook on any top sites rankings. If they didn't bid as you claim, it's because they don't have enough money to compete.
Not using Apple products in general was the best thing I ever done.
No joke, I bought an iMac Pro last week and I'm returning it today. The damned think can't stay cool. It constantly runs at it's max temperatures and instead of making the fans spin faster it throttles. I only got the base model too. I can only imagine the throttling the higher core count or Vega 64 versions will do while rendering. A hot computer is an inefficient and slow computer that's more than likely going to have a hardware failure over time. Last Mac I'll buy for the foreseeable future. The 2011 15-inch I still have was actually throttled by about 300 MHz after I upgraded to High Sierra. Apple intentionally made my older Mac slower because they don't want to have to repair them anymore because they don't know how to properly cool them to begin with. Fuck Apple. I'm done with there overpriced nonsense.
ESL didn't, "give up." Facebook outbid the competition to get the broadcasting rights. Facebook wants ESL to keep their younger users logged in.
Actually the truth is that Facebook outbid the competition to have the broadcasting rights to the show. It's that simple. 
It is nice to see more ESL going mainstream. Relatives I have will get a glimpse of it on Facebook and then I can tell them to check it out elsewhere if they're interested in watching it. In terms of reach, Facebook puts this sport in front of a lot of new viewers and there is nothing wrong with that. We can have a discussion about why Facebook sucks but at least they make it easy to access the show. The live emoji's are annoying (no shit) but at least those go away in full screen mode on my PC. 

I hope HLTV makes their site a bit easier to use. There needs to be a big fat "watch" button on the home page. At first (second and third) glance I have no idea how I'm supposed to watch one of the games. Also, why is there straight up gambling on that site? That's not something to be encouraged.

Neither source is perfect IMO. I'd rather just use Twitch. But it's not rocket science why it's not on Twitch... Money. Facebook payed to have it on their site. It's that simple. Twitch was outbid.
My main entertainment setup means I always have my different remotes in front of me so I just use the receiver controller. That being said, it boggles my mind why this wasn't a feature from day one.
Just leave the characters alone! Every time I play the toons keep changing. Fuck! I miss the days when a game came out and stayed the same for the lifetime of the game. Just set it and forget it. 
> The Chinese government is responsible for more death than any other government still in existence.

Source?... because I don’t recall China invading nearly as many countries over the last 50 years Vietnam, Korea, Iraq, Guatemala, Afghanistan, Iraq again.... and let’s not forget the fact that the US dropped not one but two nuclear bombs on civilians in Japan....

At the very least, I’d concede it’s a tie between the US and China when it comes to killing innocent people.
This is the most benign TIL I’ve seen on the front page yet. Someone left their job at the end of their shift regardless of the circumstances... wow... how insane is that? I’ve never heard of someone doing that before. /s
And yet Apple keeps trying to sue Samsung for ripping off their design. 
Just post the link and take your upvotes with dignity. 
>Edit: i hate that I appearantly need to add /s for this

We live in a post r/the_donald reddit. A post like this is bound to bring out the crazies from that sub and post something like what you first said.

I didn't like the "/s" thing at first but I used to keep a post-it my my desk that said, "sarcasm doesn't work in text." I used to try and be funny by being sarcastic on Reddit but most of the time it would just confuse and upset people and cause a downvote frenzy. The "/s" is kind of liberating for me. I've never felt more alive!... /s
Who said I don't use TFA? I'm merely pointing out that it's not a requirement for everyone. Someone who only has an Apple ID because they wanted to buy some iBooks and subscribe to Apple Music doesn't really need to put that account on lock down.

I agree, it's a very good idea to use TFA. The problem is the way Apple and others have forced it down everyone throats without actually explaining how it works. I've had to help countless people figure out what the hell happened to their accounts. Do you know how confusing it is for people to see a notification saying that someone in (insert city and state) is trying to log into your account when that's not the actual place the user is trying to log in? ISP's are not very accurate with that stuff unless you happen to live in the larger cities.
Yes, I have a serious question.... Now breathe... wait for it.... breathe again.
TFA doesn't prevent someone from accessing data on a device when they have physical access to it. If someone gets a hold of a device from a person who doesn't use TFA, they would still have to get through the passcode to get the information.

Who cares if someone has my credit card? One call to my by and any charges are reversed, the card is disabled, and a new one is in the mail. Equifax already handed criminals much more damning information than a replaceable CC#. My SSN, address, phone number... it's all out there already.
It's hard sometimes you know? I only downvote shit that is blatantly out of line. I try really hard sometimes with what I write on here and then other times I just send shit off the cuff and it just makes matters worse.

If it makes everyone feel better, I use TFA and Find My iPhone lol!
They didn't mishandle all that much. Apple admitted their software was wrong and following an update and another test CR recommended the product again.

I can't say either way about the sound quality as I've only been able to listen to the HomePod in the local Apple store... the one they have on display sounded distorted... probably due to damage, but the employee told me that they knew about it and planned on replacing the demo unit that night so... maybe not every HomePod shipping from China was built properly. Maybe CR bought a dud.

Consumer Reports is still a lot more reliable than some random dude online posting to Reddit.
But that's not for personal accounts. A soldiers Apple ID is not required to have TFA.
> Despite the fact that the original is still on the front page,

I don't see it on the front page. I also don't see the front page when I'm looking at the comments of a different post. I've also come to expect someone would post the original in the comments... though it's usually with less sass attached to it.
For my case, I had to swap phones because the phone was a brick that wouldn't turn back on so I had no time to turn them off. The backup codes didn't work. Close friends and family member are statistically more likely to rip you off than a stranger.

>I promise I’m not trying to argue with you

I wouldn't mind if you were but I get what you're saying. I don't see an issue with arguments. That's how most of discourse works. It's not evil to argue. It's just easy to make it personal and get distracted. Too often people get stuck in a bubble and never admit when they're wrong (not saying that's you)... Not too long ago I said something similar about being wrong and then some other person swooped in, proved me wrong, and then proceeded to tell me how hypocritical I was for not admitting I was wrong, replying to all my comments, insulting me... Dude, I'm not on Reddit 24-7. At least give me the chance to look at the new evidence and respond. Sigh... yeah, I'm off track here but whatever... Point is, Apple needs to stop putting notification badges on the Settings app for what should be optional stuff hahah!
You're the one who thinks I've created a mountain when it's Apple who put the hurdles in the way and the annoying notification icon on peoples screens. 

>not sure why people are opposed to Apple Pay

For starters, Apple takes an extra cut of the transaction costs on top of the regular fees from the credit card company. Overall, this increases the cost to the consumer. Not all banks use Apple Pay, mainly because they don't want to pay Apple a fee to do so but also Apple's terms with said banks are not ideal and the banks would rather not deal with Apple on this level.
> 5 minutes of your time just to do it or cancel it really isn’t that big of a hassle.

That is not the issue at point here. Though, a five minute set-up process is a lot more time than a two second dismissal.

>Yes they shouldn’t make it require setting up first

Thank you, we now agree.

>you’re just looking for a reason to complain

As opposed to looking for a reason to blindly defend Apple? Yeah okay.
So... life.... but I wanted to update you on the Test folder issue I'm having.

So I just set up an iMac Pro yesterday and did a migration from my laptop. Test folder appeared in my user accounts trash and I emptied the trash and it's back today. Nothing else had been plugged into this computer. Both my old MacBook Pro and this new iMac are running the latest macOS 10.13.3.

Here's where it gets even more weird.... The option to move the item back does not exist.
Okay but we were talking specifically about Apple ID not banks or accounting.

>Authenticator app (I use Google’s) 

Yeah, I did that for a while until I had to get my phone swapped out and the restore process doesn't bring back the Google authentication settings. That meant I had to contact four different companies and submit documents to prove I was who I said I was. The scary part about that process was how easily it could have been faked. No one needed anything mailed to them. I could have just sent off a bunch of photoshopped stuff and gotten in.

>you are prompted to create one time use backup codes (usually 10 at a time)

Yeah... and I had taken a screenshot of those codes.... and they didn't work.

>why not have it be for a free security feature that protects your assets and gives you additional privacy and peace of mind?

Because some people seriously don't care. They don't put enough of themselves online to begin with for any hacker to actually effect their life in a negative way.
Couple examples, some jobs like the military have to have location services off on their personal devices. Some people like seniors and disabled never leave their home. 
Yeah, of course people could figure it out... if they wanted to set it up. If someone doesn't want a feature, going through the set-up process is counter intuitive.
Could you be more specific? Consumer Reports doesn't seem to fit the description of dishonesty or stupidity. Of course critics should scrutinized, that's why people are here criticizing Apple Insider. Their issues with Consumer Reports all steam from CR pointing out actual flaws with Apple's products. Remember, CR doesn't get free hardware to test. AI on the other had... they get free test equipment from Apple, and if they upset mother Apple too much they risk losing that privilege.

I have to ask, what "general dishonesty" are you referring to?
More work than it would take Apple to add a "dismiss" button. They only have to do that work load once and then everyone saves time. Why should someone have to set up a feature to turn it off?
Only if they turn on Find my iPhone. It's not on by default.
http://appleinsider.com/articles/17/12/29/video-does-the-imac-pro-get-too-hot-when-under-load 

So this article goes into more detail about the thermal throttling the new base model iMac is doing. The more powerful models throttle even more so. Apple intentionally lets the components run at their red line. Apple Insider points this stuff out but never explains why this is bad. Other PC reviewers (like Gamers Nexus) go into detail about why this is bad practice and bad design. The components are under more stress making hardware failure more likely. A hotter computer requires more electricity. A hot computer means there's a higher chance that the CPU or GPU will make an incorrect calculation. These are some of the reasons why PC users avoid running their computer above 90°C.
The iMac Pro has awful performance in general. The base model I have in front of me throttles under load and there's no way to adjust the fan speeds above silent. It's mind boggling to me why Apple intentionally builds their computers to run against the red line. Computers use more electricity and are less efficient when they are running as hot as an iMac Pro or i7 iMac. It's also bad for the components in general. AppleCare is basically a requirement now as the odds of hardware failure from it's own suffocation is bound to happen. I thought running in Windows would help but the way Apple sets up the fan through the SMC is so fucked up that none of the PC tools can tweak the speed on that side either. I only had to run AIDA64 for about five minutes before the CPU would throttle.

Don't waste your money on an iMac Pro. It's tempting but it's poorly designed and performance suffers.... and this is just from testing the base model with 8-cores and Vega 56. I can only imagine how bad the throttling is with the 10/14/18-core versions or with Vega 64!
> You need to expand your brain and look at things from other people's viewpoint.

I agree and so should you...

>Adding choices that people don't need is an invitation to clutter.

By that logic, the settings app should be eliminated all together
But why should someone who hardly loads anything on the cloud care about all the extra steps?
Some people don't put anything on their clouds to matter. Anyone who thinks TFA is a requirement for everyone is delusional.
Going through the whole set-up process and canceling it at the end is not even the same ballpark as just clicking on it. 
>This will not be supplied by Apple in boot camp.

AMD Drivers were installed with Boot Camp on this iMac Pro I just set up.
Makes no sense why it shouldn't be removed by the user. Users aren't completely retarded. They understand how basic power cables work at this point. Why couldn't they use the same power cable used by an Apple TV or AirPort hub?
So a regular power cable (like that of the Apple TV) would be to plebeian I guess...
And the cable used for the Apple TV wouldn't accomplish the same thing?

>It’s not meant for the user to remove regularly.

Neither is the one used on an Apple TV...
Oh thank goodness! I was worried it would use some sort of plebeian generic micro/USB-C/Lightening cable.
I remember when this was new. There was this one for the first video iPod and one for the brand new iPod nano. At $99 they were basically a joke. The onely people who bought them were the kind of people who didn't care about how much something cost. We opened one at the store to see what made it so special... yeah, it had a Apple Logo and it was made of leather (along with polyester). Couldn't use an iPod inside it without taking it out of the case. It was dumb... They're probably still selling through their initial batch! lol!
c) You don't intend to use any other source of audio.
I've used one of these hubs on a clients iMac and the difference they make is marginal compared to the lack of proper cooling iMacs have to begin with. Ever since Apple got rid of the top exhaust, all iMacs with an i7 or Xeon will throttle under load.
So many downvotes but no comments or rebuttals... I love it when fanboy/girls ignore the facts.
I firmly believe companies make things thicker one year so they can tout how thin it is the next.
Get a 2 in 1 or convertible. The kind where the screen is attached to the keyboard and flips around. They last longer, are more powerful, and have an actual keyboard.
That's one more example of why tablets are a *nice to have*.

>We had laptops already, but those are kinda burdensome to haul around

What kind of laptops were they? Sounds like your boss could have gotten new thinner and liter laptops and the benefits would have been the same, plus they have an actual keyboard for that paperwork. IMO a convertible or 2 in 1 would have been just as good and would probably last longer.  No one enjoys doing paperwork on a touch screen. It's cool for a minute but after a sentence or two the touchscreen becomes a burden.
>No there is a difference between a tablet and a laptop.

Tell that to the marketing department at Apple! Here's the first paragraph on Apple's website touting the iPad Pro's prowess against other laptops and computers...


*"No matter the task, the new iPad Pro is up to it — and then some. It offers far more power than most PC laptops, yet is delightfully simple to use. The redesigned Retina display is as stunning to look at as it is to touch. And it all comes together with iOS, the world’s most advanced mobile operating system. iPad Pro. Everything you want modern computing to be. Now even, well, better."*
Yes
Edit: Before you downvote, come up with a rebuttal. I'm happy to be proven wrong but the facts don't lie. All new i7 and Xeon iMacs throttle sue to poor cooling.

And the iMac's lack of proper cooling to begin with doesn't stop people from wasting their money on the poorly designed iMacs. Seriously, ever since Apple got rid of the ventilation exhaust at the top rear of the iMac, none of the i7 and now Xeon models are actually able to run at their advertised clock speeds under load. They throttle with or without this hub.
Cost would be one reason. Besides, people who buy an iMac aren't concerned with thermal throttling.... otherwise they wouldn't be buying a machine that is constantly thermally throttling due to lack of any proper cooling solution. Seriously, any iMac with an i7 or Xeon made after they got rid of the optical drive is using a machine that throttles all the time. You don't need this hub to make that happen. One just has to buy a poorly designed iMac.
The thing is, those iMacs already throttle without this hub in the way. Lack of proper ventilation, fans that never automatically go faster than half their speed, and throttling from the OS itself has been preventing any i7 or Xeon iMac (sans optical drive) from reaching it's advertised clock speeds.

Edit: Before you downvote, come up with a rebuttal. I'm happy to be proven wrong but the facts don't lie. All new i7 and Xeon iMacs throttle sue to poor cooling. 
I know where their getting there work done... that's my point. They've been waiting for one system to rule them all and wind up settling on compromises and extra app/accessory costs. They're dealing with it but they would have preferred to have the ability to do it directly on their Mac. More powerful machine, bigger displays, and no need to wait for the cloud to sync shit.
> take resources to create.

So does adding/changing/removing anything. Just add it and burry the option for it in the Settings app.

> They make users have more choices to worry about. 

What's to worry? Apple can still implement the new defaults however they want to. Most users won't care. All that can happen is make more people happy to have the option to use what they prefer.

>Why confuse 99% of people

Stopping you there because people get confused every time Apple changes something. Giving users the choice to pick what they like to do is a relief to anyone who doesn't like the new option.

> just to have an option that only 1% would take advantage.

Except Apple is renowned for catering to the 1%. The people who "Think Different" and look for the most out of a computer. They want a system that just works. Adding a choice between option A or B is not going to confuse or upset anyone. 

I mean what if Apple removed the ability to change the layout of the Finder. Icon only view. No list or columns view. Those options are deemed no longer needed. Users could still sort by date or size or whatever... Would you not miss the ability to do it a slightly different way that existed before?

> laptops with a touchscreen.

So would iPads if Apple used a full fledged OS.
But Apple’s increases in tablet sales is dwarfed by the fact that less people are buying tablets overall. 

We can kind of assume that the rise in iPad sales come from:

* Kids thinking it’s good enough of a new computer for grandma without asking her

* Parents who want a mobile TV for their kids to use

* Android users who caved after waiting for something better from Android

* Graphic artist who are still waiting for a touchscreen Mac to do their work on

Tablets are cool, I want one, but it would have very little use for me. My phone does it all. Keyboards suck with tablets, might as well buy a real laptop if I’m always going to be writing with it. 

Tablets are a *nice to have*.
> no one cares about tablets

That’s a bold statement. 
I read that as two separate things. The rise of Chrome OS [stop] and Windows Tablets. Chrome OS because those laptops and convertibles are cheap as shit. Windows tablets because there’s no need to buy or find new apps when on the go. 
iPhone 5(S/E), let me finish...

I come from the world of Apple and the one thing that bothers me about the Android ecosystem is the lack of small devices. Basically every single flagship phone coming out over the last six month for Android have bee monster phablet sized devices. I have a 6s Plus at the moment and I hate how big it is. Sure it has a better camera and larger battery but I lose the one handed operation and not all pockets are big enough to be able to sit comfortable with it in my pocket. Apple kind of kept the smaller phones updated and the new iPhone 8 and X are nice and all... but I don’t want an iOS device next time. I just wish there were more small form factor smart phones being made. 
Projecting an array of lights is not a serious feat of engineering. It's been done over and over again on Windows and Xbox. Apple literally just ordered up a smaller version. There are quite a few laptops that have been using Intel's RealSense 3D tech for a few years now. https://www.intel.in/content/www/in/en/architecture-and-technology/realsense-devices.html

The dot projector and a second low-res camera added to the front of the iPhone X are the only new sensors added. It's not a miracle. It's been done before. Apple just used a smaller version of it. It's not even Apple's technology.
But why should it be one way or another? Why don't they let the user decide?
What you are experiencing an install issue many have experienced and the only solution is to start the process over entirely. This may mean going as far as using the network recovery rout if the instal failed the way most of them have. This also happens to people doing 10.13.x updates and also require a complete reinstall of the OS. 

I really hope Apple doesn't rush another version of macOS this year. The reliability is getting worse every year. Issues like this are work stoppers, wasting hours of our time and potentially the loss of data as well... remember how High Sierra was supposed to be nothing but improvements?... yeah that's how they introduced it. Yet we still have major issues with the instal process alone and odds are thy'll just move onto 10.14 or whatever without actually solving any of the major problems.... again. I am sick and tired of this annual upgrade BS. Fuck macOS!
Kingsman was absolute trash for me. I would have walked out while watching it but I was with friends who found it tolerable enough to stay.
I would try replacing it first. These tiny and powerful wireless headphones are still a new thing. My initial reaction to Apple’s AirPods was, wtf? They’d go out of sync from one another, one side would disconnect, they would pair to the wrong equipment, the controls wouldn’t work, it was a mess! Being that I bought them at release, this also meant I had to wait weeks every time I needed them swapped out due to limited supply. One time I was in the Apple Store with an appointment to get my AirPods fixed. After waiting about 30 minutes some random asian dude picked up all four AirPods on the shelf and bought them without question while I waited for my “Genius” to help me. Another 30 minutes go by and it was finally my turn. They informed me that the store was sold out and have no more replacements to offer, and that I should come back in about two weeks when they would get more in for service swaps. 

Once I finally had a working pair, the shitty plastic case they come in slipped out of my pocket. I’m not buying another pair. They weren’t anything special imo. 
Wtf is the point of this? GTFO. Can’t remove it on mobile without logging into a browser? I fucking hate shit boys like this. What a waste of resources. 
I never care about mock-up. People always put their own crappy spin on stuff like that.

The notch is such a waste of space. I was just comparing my 6s Plus to an X yesterday, lined up th top of the UI of the home screen and any app I also had.... the clock and crap that’s shoehorned on either side of the notch has plenty of room to go right above the UI like on my 6s Plus. Apple is literally wasting resources by adding that notch and extending the display in such an awkward way. It’s ugly. Apple has literally made the ugliest phone ever. People keep saying, “I got used to it” why? Why compromise? Why should I have to get used to something purely aesthetic? It’s ugly. Get it outta here!

Maybe Apple should stop wasting time and the US court system with frivolous lawsuits and spend more time making a stable OS release that doesn’t intentionally throttle our hardware. 
There’s lag like that on iOS too. I think it’s somewhat intentional because the sensor can be triggered by accident. Phones are just waiting to make sure it’s gravity and an actual rotation as opposed to someone moving swiftly left or right. 
What’s so great about iMessage when regular texting does the same thing?
Happens a lot on iOS too. 
I went through three pairs of Apple’s AirPods before I got one that actually worked properly. Did you try getting them exchanged at all? Did you make sure it wasn’t your phone’s fault? 
Yeah it’s ducking annoying. 
> Why does the hamburger menu exist

This is everywhere and not just Android. The reasons more and more buttons have gone from using words like, “Menu” or, “Settings” and instead switching to stacked lines or a cog, is so that anyone can understand what the button does without reading. Believe it or not, but there are more languages other than English. Ever accidentally (or purposely as a joke) change a system language to something completely foreign to you? Ever wish there was an easy way to find the language option again after that? Well now just find that little globe button and there’s all the region setting again. The other reason is because those symbols are much smaller than spelled out words. This allows for a more unified and streamlined interface and saves vital real estate on small displays like a phone.  
You can just send texts though
> Lack of a complete backup/restore solution

iOS doesn’t have that either. 

If you use Apple Music for example and you just finished downloading 60GB of songs and playlists from the internet, oh no, now the Apple wants you to restore or swap your phone because of issues.... now you’ll have to spend however many days to redownload all the songs and playlists all over again. Basically everything but the very basics gets restored with iCloud or iTunes backups. Everything else, all the actual data, pictures in iCloud Photo Library, all the cashes, all the videos, all the actual data has to be manually downloaded from the web again because the backup and restore process doesn’t load that stuff back on.

The only way it will is if you don’t use iCloud Photo Library or Apple Music and only use iTunes to backup manually... but how realistic is that for a power user on iOS? You’re going to use iCloud backups. And so then you’ll have to wait literally days if not weeks for your data to load back on as there is no download manager and any interruptions from Wi-Fi means you’ll have to wait for it to automagically resume it’s download again.

Nothing’s perfect. The grass is always greener on the other side. But there’s no need to fill up Apple’s war chest of cash anymore. 
[Super cute!](https://youtu.be/505w0AVDnjI)
Not with the way Apple abandons their past operating systems. In less than three years time, past versions of macOS are dropped from support. This means no more security updates. That means a group of people already vulnerable to scams become more vulnerable to legit hacking. Someone who suck it out on Yosemite for this long is completely vulnerable to Sector and Meltdown.
STFU
stfu Different regions of the world say things differently. gtfo bot. No one wants you around here. You're not a human and you don't get to decide what's a word we can say.
While I do not agree with you I think that Apple should allow the option to make it go either way. Nothing wrong with that. There are infinite possibilities with an interface and I see no problem with the ability to change settings. Give users the choice.
Neither should the notch.
If Apple had an old people setting, it would add to the OS and never take options away. Many old people have terrible memory problems and every year Apple screws with the OS just enough to make old people hate it just a little bit more. They just started to use the darned thing to connect with their family but they're constantly getting lost when the tools keep changing.
I bet that notch looks nice when you fill up that screen too /s
There's no way the labor costs $20. The employees who does the install is only paid about $20/hour at the most and the battery installation takes less than 10 minutes to do. Every other step in the process from shipping to processing is done in bulk to say the least so the cost in between manufacturing and installation is next to nothing per unit.

(I don't count the crappy display calibration process as being part of the install because it's a joke to begin with. Apple should seriously cancel that part of the process as it's a huge waste of time and resources. I've spoken to a number of employees and pass/fail system it uses is insanely inaccurate. Passing when there is a sticker on the screen and failing with brand new out of the box units. Apple needs to stop building those machines and stop requiring their use immediately.)
I thought the translation was, "After it therefore because of it."

No, I have two conclusions for two different problems. Intentional throttling, which has happened. Bricked phones due to piss poor quality updates, which has also happened. Both have happened more frequently.
Well, since many users reported throttling on third party batteries... yeah we kinda do have to shop at Apple. 

But I like how that’s the defense. Don’t like it? Don’t buy it. Fine. But if that’s the attitude more and more often, Apple any going to be top of the mountain for much longer. 
Yeah and all that combined still doesn’t make the battery a loss at $30. 
Fact, Apple has intentionally throttled iOS devices (I’ve also observed triggering on older macOS devices, specifically my early 2011 15-inch). Fact, macOS and iOS have seen an increase in bricked or faulty x.x.x updates. 

So that’s the “it” and because of it I’m upset.

After it therefore because of it... I’m upset? That’s not how the phrase is used. 
But do you sympathize and have any empathy for the people who do? 
You have the power of the downvote. Use it. It ain’t shit if people like it. 
So then why call it 12? If it’s truly for simply fixing issues than that would mean they don’t move onto a new version. 
> Post hoc, ergo propter hoc

You’re not using that term properly. 
It’s a battery. A really small battery. I can get a 20,000 milliamhour (or whatever I’m at a bar fuck you lol I don’t meant that I love you) for $40 on Amazon. 
Yeah they also ain’t worth $80. 
Except, the installation is super easy. Also... 90-day warranty? What a joke. Might as well admit your product sucks. Also, your analogy kinda sucks. The local BMW dealership is known for their shitty work. The local auto parts stores are just as good if not better. 

>$30 is, with absolute certainty, **below cost** for Apple. 

Bullshit. It takes 15 minutes tops (minus the bullshit display calibration). It’s not a “Genius” doing the instal. The component cost for the battery is well below $10. To ship it round the world is next to nothing. Lol! Below cost... Since when has Apple ever done anything below cost?  It’s Apple for crying out loud. Everything is charged at a premium. 
Considering? It should have already been the case. And the price should stay at $30 indefinitely. There is absolutely no reason to charge $80 for a cell phone battery. 
Why not? We have physical evidence and Apple admitted to throttling older devices in secret for over a year. That and there have been an abnormally high amount of people reporting that their iOS and macOS devices require a complete reinstall/restore after doing x.x.x updates over the last few months. 
No. 
Tell that to the FBI! I mean, if OP was a millionaire they could pay the same group in Israel to unlock it for them. There’s bound to be a way in. That device is so old now and it’s security is completely broken since there’s hasn’t been any updates for it. 
But the vocal minority still deserves to have their issues fixed, right? You too could face a work stopping issue with your phone one day.
Censorship is never the answer.
NO! Why do we want that? They haven't even fixed the OS they have now and you want them to just move on to another rushed version as if it's not going to be filled with bugs and problems like the last dozen updates... Seriously, I miss the days when a new OS was not an annual show for the stock holders. They came out when they were ready. Did they have problems? Duh. Did they at least make it to the x.9 versions? Heck yeah, and by then the software was practically perfect. Obviously I'm talking about OS X a little bit here since each version of iOS never lasted that long, but that's kinda my point.
As if that discredits all the people who are having issues.
I don't think the Razer phone supports Edge networks.
The sub is whatever you want it to be. Don't like the posts? Make your own that are better. Then again, if your complaint is specifically about people calling out Apple's BS... well that's you're problem. I for one as an iPhone user from day one would prefer Apple be honest and upfront about their throttling. I would like Apple to focus on making a reliable product as opposed to rushing half ass'ed apps, breaking root users, or removing features. I want Apple to be held accountable for their mistakes and correct them. Most important of all, I want a product "that just works" and doesn't get in my way. Unfortunately, installing updates that brick phones or slow them down has become an actual problem. Meanwhile, I'm still waiting for the ability to set my own default apps because more an more of the defaults ones are crap. Maps comes to mind but that's an easy target. The podcast app is annoying, iMessage syncing is hit or miss, home automation is a joke at times (especially when Siri gets involved), and as if that wasn't bad enough we now have to worry about Apple slowing down people's hardware without telling them. Maybe the sub is garbage because so is the product. Once my iPhone 6s Plus bytes the dust I'll probably wind up with whatever the newest Galaxy or Pixel is at the time. I'd rather not do that since I am in the Apple ecosystem, but until Apple get's their shit together and stops forcing their apps down my throat... This post is relevant and hilarious! 
Would you ask that same question if OP was a man and it was his girlfriend that was raped?
If the patient wants the nurse to tell the person on the phone what’s wrong, the nurse is not violating HIPPA. 
What good would knowing everything about the case do? How would it change you’re ability to offer your condolences and support? 

Usually, hospitals will go with their better judgment and say things like, “while we will wait for the lab results it seems like you have been....” so it’s not weird for people to at least have an idea of what happened. 

The exact texts are none of our business. You got the gist of them now take it for what it is and move on. Take it with a grain of salt but you might as well just give OP the benefit of the doubt. OP is here asking for help and is knowing the exact text won’t change what kind of help we can offer. Assume positive intent.
> Why did she do this to him?

Why does anyone do a bad thing? Greed, power, control... take your pick. There are bad people out there who don’t give a crap about anyone but themselves. 
And you know this how exactly? Doesn’t explain the rapists texts following the assault. 
Your comment comes off as insensitive to the situation.
Just remove the age requirements for Medicare and call it a day. 
> I hope Apple finds another solution too

So you don’t even like it either? Lol!
So could any addiction. 
I remember they also did the iPod and iPod Shuffle. 
I don’t think that really as big a priority as you think it is if the sacrifice is a weird looking notch. It’s not adding any value by having such a weird shaped part at the top obstructing the view of what’s on the screen. It’s limited the information displayed at the top and it’s made an already constrained component (the OLED) more expensive to produce, chop off the two extra sides and less materials are used (sounds eco friendly too). 
Need a link. Because all the charts I’ve seen show the opposite. 
Still waiting fo r proof on this topic. So far every chart shows NVIDIA in the lead with Open CL performance. Is it that hard to believe that they’ve optimized for both?  And that Apple simply went with the lowest bidder who would agree to their terms?
Doesn’t have OLED 
It’s not that impressive to me. It’s the nature of technology. Time and time again, components get smaller. I have no doubt in my mind that the type of scanner being used will become commonplace on devices without an ugly notch. 
Yeah it makes it really way to identify who Salem’s an obscene about of money on an ugly phone. 
What are you talking about? It’s in the T&C’s that allows Apple to use the data they do gather to improve Siri.There are people who work for Apple who have access to what people say to Siri, it’s their job. 
And you know that how? You watched over the backs of every single Siri developer at Apple and made sure they weren’t doing anything nefarious?
It’s a good read but while that is there policy, it doesn’t prevent a bad apple from breaking it. 
You cared enough to reply. How about instead of dismissing me as an individual, why not try and actually counter what I had to say. Apple security isn’t perfect after all. 
Giving away 100k of something when they sell tens of millions a month seems like a drop in the bucket to me. 
There’s absolutely no reason to trust any corporation. Apple give us privacy unless there’s a law against it. They removed VPN apps from nations who ban them and don’t put up a fight. The FISC has most certainly obtained their private SSL/TSL encryption keys by now. The retail jockeys and call center staff are obviously way too low level to have access to information and of course they are strict, but there’s bound to be a developer at corporate who’s able to read what people ask Siri and see the basic random identifying info for their job of improving Siri. All it takes is one bad Apple (no pun intended). It’s already happened. Sure an employee risks losing their job but I Jew a guy who basically started his own Apple support business after he took a bunch of contact info from the Pro Care database. to pretend Apple is impermissible to security flaws is ignorant. 
Yeah I know that and I will hope that that is the case. 
Right so it’s sent to Apple encrypted but while it’s being looked at and being analyzed it’s not. 

I guess now I’m wondering if the “random identifier” makes things all that private, since they have a record of the sale for my device and it doesn’t sound like the identifier is random every time, they could still track a particular user. Based off their questions and requests, it would be possible to identify a user to some extent. 
Anyone who thinks excel runs better on a Mac is in denial. That goes for bookkeeping apps if any kind as well. 
Meh. I go back and fourth between Colima and lists. Being able to quickly sort by a particular category is very useful too. Just choose to show path and then it’s really easy to go back to a particular folder. 
You’re computer has been designed to run with silence in mind. This means that the CPU and GPU will run at their thermal red line when doing your pro work. This is typically bad for components. I highly recommend that you invest in a cooling stand with a large fan and use an app like MacsFanControl (I use iStat Menus) to keep the temps as low as possible. But no matter what, it’s still going to get too hot wen rendering and it will throttle. Just hope you’re MacBook doesn’t become like one of its many predecessors who wind up needing a repair replacement program. My early 2011 15-inch no longer qualifies for a repair or replacement if the GPU dies in it again. Instead, I guess in order to help prevent my GPU from failing, Apple has throttled my laptop even more with the CPU speeds dropping by at least 300 MHz under load. If I go back to using El Capitan, the throttling goes away. To keep an eye on CPU performance you can use Intel’s Power Gadget app. 
I don’t recall Apple ever publicly stating that AMD was better at anything over NVIDIA. I think it just comes down to price. AMD is probably just willing to go to a lower price point for Apple than NVIDIA is. 99.999% of Apple decisions are based on profit margins and chatting costs wherever possible. 
So I’m not being clear, I don’t have to have the phone in a proper position in front of my face in order to unlock the phone. With Touch ID I can unlock it while it’s resting flat on my desk or as I’m pulling it out of my pocket. I’ve seen too many people have to position the iPhone X just right, that I’m not eager to move away from a fingerprint sensor. 
The only reason I’d get a speaker system is if it can use any input or if it’s portable. HomePod does neither of those things. So in every category I’m looking at for a new speaker it misses the mark and Siri literally becomes a detractor. 
They can already do that with everyone’s iPhones. 
But you can’t control it with Siri. 
I mean have you seen the prices of some speaker systems? Even someone the headphones people get are in that price range. In a way it’s like the new iPod Hi-Fi. That thing was $350 as well and that was over a decade ago. 
How does that secure it? The spoken commands are recorded and sent to Apple’s servers before Siri reached back across the web to give the results requested. That means at some point along the way the recording is converted to text and interpreted by the server and saved for future analysis to improve accuracy. It’s not out of the question that someone at Apple would have the ability to read or even hear what has been said to Siri. Maybe it’s not in real time but it’s probably there on some level. The question is how anonymous are the individual requests? Is each “hey Siri” linked to my Apple ID or what?
It’s not illegal if they agree to the terms and conditions. It’s says all the recordings are sent to Apple.
They used to treat ‘em better. 
It’s just that they used to give the products away. That’s how I got my first iPhone. Was a full time employee and they gave everyone an 8GB version about a month after the release. 
I ‘member when Apple would give new products to employees. 
Meh, the way I do it is just give my friend the money and they pay with their card. 
Do you have a source for that? I’m seeing plenty of charts that say the opposite. https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=arrayfire-amd-nvidia&num=2
The problem are all the unknowns. What if someone invested in a complete scam? What if no one will ever use a particular crypto again? What if it gets regulated to an extreme that makes it less enticing? What if, what if, what if... at a time like this I can’t help but think about my friends who invested in the .com boom of the 90s and it’s bubble bursting after Y2K. There are simply too many cryptocurrencies out there and the fact that anyone can make there own kinda defeats the whole inflation can’t happen idea. Meanwhile, the only people making any guaranteed income are the websites that do the trading. Electricity usage is off the charts. GPU prices are sky high. And the foreseeable future says I’m still going to need regular old cash to do any real business. It just seems like a big bubble is about to burst. Maybe things settled down for now but everyday I look at my wallet and see the number comparing to USD dwindle into a fraction of what I put into it. Fortunately, I hardly put less money into crypto than I did my last GPU. So I don’t feel too bummed out. I looked at it as a bit of a gamble. I’ll hold onto it for now, hope it rises again, but I’m not holding my breath. I only spent what I was okay with losing. The same strategy I have when going to Vegas.
I still prefer Touch ID. Don’t even have to look at my phone to unlock it. 
Seriously I’m not buying a phone with a weird cutout like that. It looks stupid. 
They also don’t have an ugly notch at the top of their display. 
They just made it smaller. And to that end it’s been used in laptops as well. 
Or just extend the black par across the top of the display.... 
I see it as them adding lipstick to a pig. 
What I find to be neat about the 3D scanning is that it’s basically the same tech used in the Xbox Kinect and Windows Hello stuff. It wouldn’t take much for Samsung or any maker to add this feature to their phone. I suspect the S9 will add it. And it’s addition to the phone still won’t require the addition of an unsightly notch. 
Seriously, it wasn’t that long ago that Myself along with many Apple users dismissed the Android gear watches with notches.
If that’s the case I’m not going to be buying an iPhone for a looooong time. 
Remove the notch and bring back Touch ID.
Except it completely is in the same completion for me. I don’t want a huge phone. I want one that I can comfortably use one handed. My 6s Plus is too big for me and my next phone will be smaller. So when I do my comparison shopping I’m looking at the 7/8/X/S8 etc. and comparing the S8 to the X is a close in terms of what each one offers. The Note is considered a phablet by most people. I don’t say it was out of league. I’m not implying any particular device is better than another. I’m just stating the fact that when I compare cell phones, the devices size matters much more heavily than price.
Not much size? The Note 8 is a giant phone. They’re referred to as Phablets for a reason. It’s not a one hander. There’s no way I’d be comfortable using that phone one handed. The 6s Plus I have right now is way to big as well. iPhone X is more in line with the S8, or iPhone 6s/7/8 for size. 

The S8 is also a premium phone that uses an OLED display with face recognition as well.

Price doesn’t necessarily dictate the bottom line when it comes to a comparison. Sure it makes iPhone X users feel better about their $1,000+ phone but when I’m doing my comparisons I’m looking at what I can use one handed. 
Sorry, and NVIDIA supports Open CL as well. 
Then again they expanded their lineup and added one more generation of phone. Meaning the price points are more spread out. All the X has to do to meet its metric of top seller at Apple is be out sell the  SE, 6s, 7, and 8 so that would be roughly 21% of sales. 
No way, other brands are releasing 8th gen Intel stuff right now. I’m sure there will be a spring refresh. 
> semi-custom design, which Nvidia does not allow for. 

Source? Because NVIDIA allows third party card makers to make their own designs using their GPU’s. 
NVIDIA fully supports OpenGL (edit) and OpenCL as well, they just also support CUDA.
But I wouldn’t complain the Note 8 as being the direct competitor to the X. The Note is a giant phone. If your comparing phones by cost, sure they’re both $1,000 phones but the iPhone is much smaller. The Note is a phablet.
How is the Note 8 it’s direct competitor? The Note is freaking huge. I would never put the two phones in the same category. I mean the regular S8 is much more in line with the iPhone X. 
Any notch looks hideous to me. 
I like the bezel at the top. I hope Apple ditches the notch. I don’t know how it’s able to fit more content when it literally limits the amount of information at the top of iOS and creates a weird lump on the screen when watching a video. 
> do not do the same for the bottom corners, and

Except the top and bottom of the iPhone X is different. The top has six corners total and the bottom has two. 
It would look so much nicer without the notch though. 
I don’t mind having an account. It’s an easy way to get in touch with people. It’s just a matter of how you use it I guess. 
sand it
Because that's extra work for the grieving family to deal with. It's not always a top priority. 
I'm sure some sanding and new finish would take care of it.
It's good to hear that people are spending less time on Facebook I guess. I just had a friend who completely left it but keeps using Twitter as if it's any different based on his complaints. Makes no sense to completely leave a social networking site if you're going to keep using others. Might as well just keep the account going so that way people can get in touch with you at least.
Boo! Your rule sucks. OP had a reasonable title. You’re “strike” policy is nice so you get bonus points but that doesn’t excuse you’re stupid rule. 
Unless time traveling creates an alternative reality and in another dimension there has been the most epic party ever
What other charitable type of things does Samsung do? This ones is really good. 
Not like it wouldn’t take less than a minute to add a couple numbers next to your own cropped screenshot. Also I’m like 99% sure that this idea came out of the PUBG realm. 
Why?
Good artists create. Great artists steal. 

I’m pretty sure this idea came from PUBG users and it’s not like they couldn’t easily photoshop their own version. 
Okay fine. Leave Facebook, but you’re not doing the world any favors if you continue to use Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, and so on.
First of all, what is up with your language? There's no need to cuss.

If people on a Star Wars subreddit don't know who the other nominees are, that's a separate issue altogether. My question is in relation to people who may have heard at least one other nominee and not to your hypothetical neophyte on this topic.

You seem to care enough about the results to deem important to chime in. Chime in you did with derogatory slender that completely ignores my question and statement.

Furthermore, I didn't say winning only because someone passed away was a bad thing. There's literally nothing wrong with admitting that. Again, someone like Carrie Fisher would have probably agreed with the sentiment.
Unfortunately the test folder has returned. Interesting to note is that the folder appears over time and not right away after logging back in as I may have implied or said earlier. I thought it was gone permanently and as I was originally responding to you the folder was back in the Trash.
I'm not trying to discourage you from getting anything. I'm just saying that the microphones you use will be the most important tool you get. From there, just about any Mac/PC/tablet will do what you need.
Oh shit! And that would allow iPhone users to send them to Androids and PCs! Awesome!
Right but you didn’t mention where you unplugged the cable from. I understand it was minimal but if you always unplugged it by gently tugging on the wire as opposed to the connector, any cable will wear out at that area. It’s just that other cables are thicker and use more rubber.... and so on. I’m telling you what Apple is going to tell you. Kind of like roll playing. You wanted a free replacement right? 

If you haven’t been unplugging the cable from the correct area, and you don’t specify to the Apple rep, you’re odds of a free replacement go down. 
Sorry, I wasn’t trying to accuse you that it was your fault. You didn’t mention initially that you always unplugged them from the stiff section closest to the Mac and that’s why I brought it up. It’s common... and I’m not telling you to lie... I’m just setting you up for a similar speech you’ll get from Apple. I’m telling you about the reasons cables break because whoever you complain to at Apple will say the same thing. If you get defensive in front of them when they tell you you’re supposed to unplug it a certain way, they are going to assume that you’ve been unplugging it the wrong way.

Again, if they give you trouble and make you pay, do it as a repair and tell them that you will only pay for the cost of the cable and not the power brick. 
> It's annoying because I have some music from CDs, but not enough to feel worth the yearly fee so it's not on my phone. 

If you have a Mac or a PC, you can load iTunes on there, rip your CDs and then sync them to your iPhone with your charging cable. 
I’m not referring to the extension cable. Other companies also use more rubber at the ends. Using more materials cost more money to produce. In Apple’s efforts to appear eco friendly, using less materials means a smaller footprints. 

Yes I agree, Apple could make better cables. But even the best cables with the thickest rubbers are built the same way as Apple’s. Have you ever made your own cable like an ethernet or phone line? I’m not trying to sound condescending, I’m genuinely asking because once you go through the process you see the weak points and that the dumbest thing anyone can do with a cable is to tug on the main cord part. Without even realizing it, many (if not most) users will tug on the cable close to the area that all cables are supposed to be pulled from. But because Apple makes that area very small, and because most cables don’t require the user to unclip it from its port, users wind up putting extra wear and tear on the weakest part of any cable. 

Now other brands also make shitty cables. This is not exclusive to Apple. Take my Bose AE headphones for example. I got them about three years ago every year I have to go through Bose support to swap out the proprietary cable that was broken at the headphone end. One or both speakers stop working and if it‘s wiggled right you can hear in stereo again. Fortunately the cable is detachable. I never stored it attached and my wrapping was always gentle. Problem is how thin it was and every time I turned my head the cable would bend ever so slightly when passing my shoulder.

Going back to an ethernet cable, even with minimal unplugging and it’s connector forcing people to tug on it from a proper point, the rubber wrapped around the other eight wires can still stretch over time from just dealing with gravity, humidity, heat, and cold. However it’s likely never going to tear because users are forced to unclasp its connection and forces users to grab the stiffest part of the cable. MagSafe, headphones, USB all just let users tug from the weaker cable portion. 

I hope it’s clear that I am in not defending Apple’s cables. I’m just pointing out that there are certain rules when it comes to handling them. It’s a design flaw not to make the surface area where someone is supposed to grab the cable from too small. Also, the thinner the wire, the weaker it will be. The flip side is a bigger and thicker cable means more rock and oil is needed to make one cable. So there needs to be a better balance. In the mean time, user need to take care of their cables to the best of there ability.
Right? And if bandwidth was an issue, wouldn’t that mean our videos sent via text would be limited to 10 seconds as well?
Go on...
The problem is that by adapting to Mac, it literally means making games with lower specifications. Apple has a huge issue when it comes to properly cooling their computers. That’s not something a developer can resolve. Developers can’t rely on users being able to upgrade their GPU or add RAM. There is no easy way for a developer to push out a new game for Mac (who have a small user base to begin with) and expect to make a return on investment. It’s why for example, for the first time in Blizzard’s history did the release a game that was incompatible for Mac. They literally needed to turn their failed MMO project into Overwatch as quickly as possible and that means not wasting time developing for a user base that would never get to max out their settings. 
Different people have different needs and desires. While one person says they want a bigger screen for less money someone else want the opposite. Since Apple doesn’t offer that you hear those people complain. Once Apple does make a lower speed Mac with a larger display, Apple continues to market it with the same “Pro” nomenclature and the complaints from users is justified. 

I think the problem is a lack of options and Apple’s use of the word “Pro.” Apple needs to straight up admit that when they use Pro that it doesn’t mean best specs across the board or make sure to only use Pro on the top of the line systems. Apple’s own marketing is to blame for what you perceive to be a singular mass always complaining. 
Just remember that you don’t have to use that credit in the App Store. It can be used to buy music, TV shows, Movies, and Books from iTunes and iBooks as well.
> It’s like me saying “a shame Ford decided to make the escorts saloons, I need to be able to transport sofas on a regular basis.”

It’s more like saying, “shame Ford decided to make the F-150 only able to transport Ford branded sofas, use Ford branded coolest, and is for use on Ford only roads. We can use non Ford services but then the the gas mileage goes down.”

As for Spotify, Apple is going to need to implement third party support if it’s going to be a hit with the masses. Apple knows how popular Spotify is with their own iOS user base and this is literally them just doing what they can to encourage users to switch to Apple Music. From that standpoint it’s kind of frustrating because it’s not proven to be any better than the competition and in many ways Apple Music is worse due to its lack of features Spotify offers. It’s reminiscent of how there’s no way to set a default app for maps on iOS. Instead users are forced to use Apple’s offering unless they want to deal with the extra hoops involved to use the superior product. Any frustration expressed by myself and others is simply in hopes that Apple will have a change of heart. 
I just wish they sold Macs with Touch ID and didn’t force people to get the Touch Bar at the same time. That being said I’d spring for the Touch Bar version because it has Touch ID. 
It is a feature of Apple Music. So for $25 a year you can sync all the CD’s that you ripped or for $100 a year you can sync all of that and accesses everything streamable from iTunes. 

IMO, iCloud should do a lot of things. My hunch is that Apple has to make some effort to appease the record industry as the odds of iTunes Match syncing illegally acquired music is high and so at least now they’re able to get some money from all the freeloaders out there. 
Yes people do get deals on replacement s if their complaints are reasonable but it really just depends on the person you talk to. At the very least, you can make a Genius Bar appointment or call AppleCare and replace the power adapter as a repair through them at a lower price. This means you’ll give them the old broken one and give you a new one. If you’re still under warranty there are better odds of this replacement being done for free. 

And to all those who complain about how expensive it is to buy a new USB-C charger and it’s cables, remember that this is why they broke up the cable from the adapter. So now the part that is most likely going to fail can be replaced at a much lower cost. 

That being said, you could even complain to Apple with he new cable style in mind. Apple has admitted defeat and for the first time in Mac laptop history Apple has separated the cable from the power brick. You shouldn’t have to pay more than $20 to replace the cable especially if you’re giving them a fully functioning power brick in return for a new one.

Just keep in mind that all cables have weak spots. Because Apple intentionally uses less materials to save money and for looks, that means the area you are able to safely grab the cable from is smaller. So in the future, when you unplug any cable from any device, make sure you grab it from the cables thicker connector area and not by tugging on the long cable part of it. Any cable will wear out over time if you are always grab them by the cable as opposed to the connector. 
It’s because you’re accessing the microphone and the music will stop any time you open up the video camera in any app. 
Haven’t tried them but I will give a shout out to PowerMacs.com and their selection of refurbished Macs. Great customer service. It’s like shopping at a local store. No sales tax either.
What else are you wanting to do? Is it just simply recording and a little cleanup so you can give a copy to students and parents? Or are you wanting to use the system as another instrument to create new music?

For the most part, what matters most is the microphones you use. From there you can use everything from a middle of the line smartphone or tablet, a PC, Mac, etc. it doesn’t have to be a very powerful system to record with one to four mics at a time. Odds are you’ll spend more money on the mics and mixer than you will the computer. Apps has a sight advantage what with GarageBand but the Windows world has plenty of viable alternatives. 

If your school district is giving you a budget for this system, or depending on your budget, it might be best to spend the majority of it on some decent studio microphones and a USB mixer. After you figure out how much will be spent there then decide if you want a Mac or PC or tablet of some kind. Also it’s worth considering your school’s IT department, if it’s going to be a system that belongs to the school, make sure they’re okay with the system you buy. It might turn out that buying one thing over another will wind up making you *that guy* that they have to support and spend more time on because the system you bought wound up being less compatible wit the rest of the network setup. But that’s more of an office politics type of thing that I’m sure you’re aware of. 
Apple considers a battery to be “consumed” once it’s at 80% of its original capacity. That’s when they deem it necessary to start throttling your phone. There is almost no benefit in getting a new battery at the level you’re at. 

Once you do need to get a new battery, you can choose to go third party or get it replaced by Apple. For now, Apple has temporarily lowered the price to $30 until the end of the year. IMO that’s the price it should always be but I digress. 

So I’d wait until the end of the year if I were you. By then your battery will be closer if not beyond the consumed level and then you can still take advantage of Apple’s lower battery pricing. 

I don’t recommend getting a third party battery unless you absolutely have no other choice. Either Apple stops making your battery or you simply cannot afford any other option. In that case, if you stick to the trusted part sites like iFixit.com or PowerBookMedic.com and avoid eBay and Amazon, you’ll probably be fine. But the way I always position it, if your battery does explode would you rather sue some random small time company or Apple?
It is and it isn’t. I’m a bit frustrated with Apple’s iOS backup and restore process. When I bought my 6s Plus 128 GB on day one, it was the fastest most badass-est iPhone yet. I downloaded all the music and playlists, videos, and apps I could and still left myself about 20 GB for future 4K video recordings. This local storage is important to me because it doesn’t take long to drive someplace in California where there is no reception, service, or data around. I like to go camping on occasion as well and listening to music at the river with some friends it always fun!

Then about three months later my Bluetooth stopped working properly and had to go through the whole song and dance of Apple Store restore, repair, and swaps (yes, plural as the first repair failed to pass the display calibration and the first swap made my camera jitter while in use). So once I finally had a functioning iPhone I promptly started the restore process. To my surprise, the only stuff that gets restored are the basic settings and apps. All the app data doesn’t load until the user opens said app. All the music, movies, TV shows, podcasts, audiobooks, e/iBooks, etc. all have to be manually downloaded back to the phone. So for example with my music, I had to go through each playlist and re download each one by manually tapping the download button for every single one I wanted saved locally. Since I use Apple Music (though not for long, once my year membership is expired I’ll be switching to Spotify) I’m unable to sync any of my music with iTunes from my Mac or PC. Since my neighborhood only has access copper DSL as the best option for internet, this means I have to spend days on Wi-Fi downloading a hundred gigabytes worth of stuff to get it back to the way I had it before my phone was repaired. 

Anyway, I’ve had to get my phone swapped out once more and since then I’ve never bothered to fill up my phone anymore. Instead I dusted off my old iPod classic, put in a 64 GB SDXC card popped in a new battery for use with offline entertainment situations. It’s not ideal since I’d rather just carry one gadget around with me but it works for now. Next phone I get will be an Android so I don’t have to deal with that kind of thing as that system allows for more flexibility when it comes to loading media on them (meaning I can sync music from the cloud and from a local machine). Plus with the ability to pop in a micro SD card means if I run out of storage I can either upgrade or just use a different card. Now I’m not saying that Android is perfect nor am I saying that Apple is flat out wrong with what they’re doing, I just think that after ten years of being a loyal iPhone users that it’s time for me an Apple to take a break. I want more flexibility with my phone and not be locked down the way Apple does it. Rest assured, I’ll have plenty to complain about on the other side as the grass is always greener.

That being said... and to get back on track wit your question... having a lot of local storage means you are not beholden to an internet connection. 

Waiting is up to you. There’s always going to be a new machine just around the corner. Wait as long as you can and then buy when you can’t wait any longer. 

Are you thinking of a 12-inch MacBook? PC makers like Lenovo and Acer have announced new 8th gen Intel machines that are in the same kind of fanless category. That being said, even if Apple comes out with a new Retina MacBook, I’d much rather get a Yoga 920. Yeah it’s a bigger machine, but that means more ports and more features as well. The 12-inch screen is appealing but the real estate is just too darned small for me. But that’s just my opinion. 

As for who to buy from, you could finance it through Apple but I’m a fan of PowerMax.com. Already mentioned them enough that o should get paid lol! Friendly staff, competitive pricing, no sales tax, and you really can’t go wrong. Except when there’s a new machine, sometimes it takes them a couple more weeks to get supply as Apple ships directly to their individual customers first (something AMD and NVIDIA should consider immediately). If it’s a business purchase, Apple does offer leases and NET-30 term sales. So that’s something you might want to consider. 
When selling a used Mac on your own, it’s like selling a used car. You can trade it in with the person you’re buying the new machine from or try selling it on your own. 

Trading it in is easy, Apple will recycle it and issue you a gift card to buy a new machine from them. Though this usually means the lowest profit for you. 

Third party resellers (like PowerMax.com) will buy old systems to refurbish and resell used. I prefer this option over recycling with Apple since it means the hardware will find a good home with minimal impact on the environment. No need to recycle a perfectly functioning system when someone else can use it as is. 

Selling it on your own usually means getting the most cash out of your old system. This means more work on your part but also the ability to get cash instead of store credit. First you need to look at your competition. Gets quotes from Apple’s recycle program and from third party resellers and that will give you the lowest price you should sell it for (maybe you have a really good friend or family member who absolutely needs a new computer and you want to help them out). Then look on eBay, Craigslist, letgo, etc. and see what a system like yours is going for. From there you’ll have to haggle a little and deal with potential scams but those are usually rare as moat people are honest and just want a cheaper Mac. All sales are final! You’re not their tech support and you’re not going to help them beyond any mistakes on your part. Unless you are in the business of tech support and in that case... you wouldn’t be asking for this kind of help lol!


All Macs with i7s and the new iMac Pro all throttle under load due to the system’s inability to properly cool components. This often means that these CPUs run at a slower clock speed than their base frequencies. Thus robbing users of the advertised specifications and the components capabilities. With a system constantly at its thermal limits, it means more wear and tear on components and a greater likelihood that the system will fail sooner than later.

With that in mind, what do all of you think about Apple’s design when it comes to the Mac and the lack of proper cooling? Do you approve of throttling? Do you approve of a system running at its red line? Do you think Apple should improve systems designs with proper cooling in mind?
Odds are that retirement is not going to be an option for most parents at that age. 
And you have no reason to. They only want to build a network so they can more easily spy on people themselves.
Do you think she deserved to win over her competition?

I don't see anyone being upset as much as they are stating their opinion that Carrie Fisher wouldn't have won if she was still alive. I don't see that as a disrespectful... heck, Carrie Fisher probably would have shared the same sentiment!
So the title should probably say, “US Soldiers Reveal Location of Secret Bases After Using a Social Networking Fitness Tracker.”
StarTech.com has been a reliable brand for me as well. 
If the cable is at fault, definitely get it replaced by LG. 
Keep using the one you have until it stops working. The charger you have is probably just fine. It’s not going to catch fire or explode or anything crazy like that. Worst case is it will just stop working altogether, but it won’t damage your iPhone. 
Why would Siri have to be in the review for us to talk about? It’s still a function of the speaker. 
They are moving parts after all and depending on use and conditions, speakers get damaged over time. 
Well my hope would be that they don’t come out with 12 and just focus on making 11 as rock solid as possible. But if I had to pick one thing... it’s a no brainer. Let users pick their own default apps for things like email, music, calendar, and most importantly maps/navigation. 
Empty Bowels...

With a pop up after you click that asks, “would you like to do number one or number two?”
But to do it you first have to make a long press on the record button and then choose Facebook. Recording straight to the phone is default. 
> I don’t care about your opinion

Hmm, that’s weird... for someone who doesn’t care you sure seem to care with this reply. 

> if I don’t like them I’d get the 3rd party mail app. 

Except there’s no was to pick my own default.

>Clearly you never had an iPhone. 

Clearly you like to stay in you own bubble and trash on other brands. You make assumptions about me without asking any questions first. Once my 6s Plus dies I’ll be switching to Android. 

Like I said, the grass is always greener. My comments on security were to point out that Apple isn’t perfect and that their hasty updates have (even more so recently) cause bigger security issues than they solved. That and secret throttling is seriously indefensible (as evident by your lack of defending those updates). Basically any tech reviewer is forced to coddle Apple’s ego unless they want to be shunned from the review processes, so it’s no surprise that Apple’s known security issues are swept under the rug as quickly as possible. It’s not like you or I have anything to gain by pointing out faults any company makes, it’s only so they improve. 
Honestly... my next laptop is going to be either a Lenovo, Acer, Asus, or Dell. Specifically, the Yoga 920 has my attention at the moment but that could change by the time I decide to buy. I’m done dealing with Apple. I’ve had to be in your position and the only outcome is to demand for another replacement machine. Unfortunately, the robotic hive mind mentality that manages the Genius Bar (seriously the most pretentious name possible) will make you wait for that outcome even though you deserve it. I’ve had to take in the same machines over and over again for random shut downs, GPU issues, poor performance, etc. only to have them pass the hardware test at the bar as if it would be impossible for the test to malfunction (hint: the test they run isn’t perfect and misses issues all the time). Then once I manage to get the machines checked in and after days of testing in the bench (even though they don’t actually perform the tests we agree to when I drop it off and then they finally run the machine off of their specialized equipment) then it finally crashes in front of them. All the while before then they are calling me a liar. 

The grass is always greener on the other side. I know nothing is perfect and that when I fully switch away from Apple I’ll still have plenty to complain about. I just don’t feel like rewarding a money hoarding corporation with any more of my cash at the moment. Apple only cares about the bottom line. I’m tired of their propaganda. Nothing they’ve done to be eco friendly has been purely for the environments behalf. I’m tired of their design. Half the reason their hardware fails is due to improper cooling after all. Any 15-inch MacBook Pro user better cross their fingers the GPU doesn’t blow like nearly every single one of its predecessors. Oh and don’t forget the secret throttling! Not just iOS but macOS. Because they are so bad at cooling laptops, my early 2011 15-inch has been artificially capped at a lower temperature since I started using High Sierra. Meaning that the CPU now runs about 300 MHz slower than when it’s running El Capitan.

So yeah, it’s time Apple and I go on a little break. I suggest you do the same. Workflows can change. There is literally nothing the Mac does that can’t be done on a PC. You can rattle off some Mac only apps if you want to but there are viable alternatives. If for whatever reason you have to own a Mac, you just have to come to the understanding that nothing is perfect and that Apple’s designs are primarily for form over function. Nothing else matters to Apple so long as they look good doing their job. 
Why does it matter what someone’s own natural hair looks like? So long as it’s washed and doesn’t smell bad, what the problem?
>Apps filled with google ads

As opposed to all the free apps iOS users have without ads? Or all the websites you go to without ads? 

>Most apps aren’t even optimized

Optimized how? Performance? Battery life? Because plenty of Apps for iOS have performance and battery life issues (even some of the ones made by Apple).

>No iMessage

Scumbag Apple: Makes a text chat app that steals standard features from apps that work on everything. Doesn't make a third party app themselves. Not that a standard text doesn't do the same thing. Seriously, unless someone has a 6+ year old Android, I notice nothing different when I text my green bubble friends.

>Updates take months and years and no updates after 2yrs.

As opposed to updates that throttle older phones? One's that unlock the root user? One's that brick phones? Yeah I'll take the occasional well planned update as opposed to the rush and constant barrage Apple dishes out. When do do the annual upgrade users worry about how long updates last? At least Samsung isn't charging $1000, with a cheaper phone, it;s an easier pill to swallow at each upgrade.

>Android has so much exploits that google now releases security updates monthly.

Oh wait... I thought updates were few and far between? Could that also be why Apple has to come out with constant security updates? It's almost as if nearly everyone in the entire computer industry has to deal with the same security bullshit...

>These are some of the things why I hate android.

Maps.app, Mail.app, Podcasts.app, and so on, all suck compared to the super cool third party apps that iOS users love so much. But there's no way to pick my own default on iOS. I'm locked down because mother Apple know's best. Home automation was made even worse after iOS 11 came out. Now they require an iPad or Apple TV for any scheduled automation. Not like either of my Macs or spare iPhone 5s couldn't do it or anything. This is just what I can think of off hand. The grass is always greener.
But is it actually any more secure than the competition?
Sad but true. If they were in the middle of the display there would be a bit more leeway. Odds are those are hot sports from the whole lineup.
What good would that do other than to teach people that there are different levels of blindness?
Being blind doesn't mean they can't see anything. There's different level's of blindness. 
Why?
Does the PAL refresh rate really matter anymore since everything went digital? I mean, the whole reason there was a difference (50i vs 60i) was because of the old CRT limitations using local electricity. 
Except you and I both know that there are many more scenarios than that. Apple isn’t stupid either, they know people have extra Apple’s lying around the house 24-7. iMacs are prevalent in many homes and those don’t move, but benefit of the doubt is that Apple hasn’t doesn’t the time making sure it would work on macOS. However the same excuse isn’t right for iOS. It literally worked on my iPhone 5s I had lying around on iOS 10 and 11 completely broke it forcing people like me to buy an extra device I don’t actually need. Not so eco friendly if you ask me. All it’s done is to encourage me leaving the Apple ecosystem since there is far more home automation freedoms outside of iOS. 
And we all know that comics are the end all be all of factual situations. I mean Macs will do this too after all. 
Don’t check his history! It’s nothing but pictures of a penis wrapped in iPod socks! 
Long ago I owned a 667 MHz PowerBook G4. I took that thing with me everywhere. One day, the stars aligned and royally fucked me over. It was the perfect storm of user error. I knocked my laptop off the shelf it was on and fell out my two story window! Thankfully it landed on the shrubs below and it seemed to cradle it perfectly. Close call to say the least... but when I got downstairs and went outside to retrieve my laptop, one of the neighbor’s cats was pissing on it. 

At this point the computer was non operational and it became the first laptop I ever completely took apart. Since this was years before iFixit would come around, well before Apple had any consistency in screw size (seriously I think every single screw was different), and since the computer wasn’t working, I tossed all the parts into a paper bag and didn’t think much about it. Over the next couple years I have the RAM to a friends PC laptop, the HDD went to another good home, and the AirPort card (802.11b) went to an iBook. 

Then I got a job at the local Apple Store. I told the Mac Genius and manager working that day the story about my G4 and they didn’t believe that I owned one, let alone had one with cat piss on it. They let me bring it in the next day and out of pure nostalgia they let me put it back together using the official manual and their work bench. It still had the faint aroma of cat piss but we cleaned most of it off in the hallway with alcohol. I used the spare RAM, HDD, and even an AirPort card they had lying in the drawers. Once I put it all back together, the thing actually booted up on the first try!

I wound up giving that PowerBook to a good friend of mine. She needed something to type on before she went off to college. I told here that there was no guarantee that it would last her the first semester due to past damage. I just didn’t tell her what the specific damage was. I later found out that the machine lasted her for nearly her whole four year run and that she only needed to buy a new computer because she dropped it and shattered the screen. 
Or even just our own iPhones...
Lol! Because nothing says, “it just works” quite like a Raspberry Pi. 
Well it’s at least part of the reason. Otherwise they would let iPhones and iPod touches use automations instead of forcing people to buy an Apple TV or iPad. 
Furthermore, why are we required to own an iPad or newer Apple TV in order to use automations? I’ve got an extra iPhone here that’s more than capable of telling my lights to turn on or off. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T77frLL_bsg
So if you look through my comment history, I mention how Linux is also a viable alternative to use on older Macs unsupported by Apple. I keep using Windows as the primary example since it’s more recognizable to the masses. 
> I still don't understand the hype about commercial products.

Preaching to the choir. 
Could also use some ergonomics... believe it or not, but the human hand will grip SSO ing better if it’s not a flat cylinder.    
More importantly, if someone decides to buy a replacement battery from someone other than Appl they won’t get throttled. 
If it doesn’t let me pick my own default apps, it’s not an OS I care about. 
Thanks 🤪
Except a lot of Apple’s user base are granola nut head environmentalists who would rather do what’s best for Mother Earth and not the bottom line of a share holder. If they can keep using a machine thats able to do the basic shit that *any* computer can do without wasting resources to get it done, they’ll at least consider it. It’s not like Apple holds the trademark on access to the internet. Some people just need a machine to check email and click links. It’s ability to Siri is irrelevant. 
Personally, I’m not a fan of an AI constantly being proper or nice. Just be a robot.
Yosemite stopped being supported back in July when it received it's last update. It's unlikely we will see any security updates for past versions of macOS. Windows 7 will run on all Macs from 2007 and PCs from as far back as 2000.
What ones?
Had to post something for my cake day. Stumbled across this guys YouTube channel today and saw this crazy video. Very cool art piece.
How often does that actually happen?
That's all well and good but nothing is being nuked that hasn't already been nuked by the update itself.
Care to enlighten me?
It's not my fault that not a single link throw my way actually quotes Tim Cook as saying that. Only in an ABC News video (that wouldn't load on my Mac coincidentally) does he mention it off the cuff. 

I admit it, I was wrong. Still waiting for Apple to do it and it would have been more assuring if they said they would do this in their official statement but this is great news that they say they will allow people to turn off the throttling!
What is there to understand? Apple has been really good at making round things look good as far back as I can remember. There was an article about how the MobileMe cloud icon was the best cloud image ever since the rounded parts all fell into a neat and tidy bigger circle or some crap like that. There was a design thing about how all their App icons are visually pleasing. 

I'm not denying Apple's ability to make a nice looking edge. I'm simply pointing out that it wouldn't be made into such a big deal if not for the unsightly notch breaking up the otherwise flawless cell phone.
Interesting that none of the articles wrote down the quote. You better save a copy of that video just in case Apple doesn't add that feature.
The last security update Yosemite got was back in July. Can you link to the one you're referring to?

https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201222
I just don't like the notch and therefore do not find them to be perfect. The added effort that went into making the notch as pretty as can be seems like a lot of wasted energy on something that looks subjectively ugly.
Amazon knows this is going to happen. I'm guessing that they will notice a pattern as to what things wind up missing from the inventory counts and adjust the tags and scanners accordingly.
Widespread consequences? Like what? Do they require users to reinstall the OS like on a Mac? https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/7shdjx/psa_todays_macos_update_10133_nuked_my_macbook_pro/
What about them? Sans-notch, Apple could have literally made the four rounded corners reach the same symmetry and it wouldn't need a designer to tell us that the rounded corners on the display line up to the rounded edges of the phone.
>Hardware failure would have forced you to upgrade long before snow leopard ran out of security updates. Could be anything from logic board failing, battery replacements, or failure to meat your needs.

Except most machines don't have a logic board or other catastrophic failure. Heck, I've still got a fully functional Lisa sitting in my office. It's not like these machines are designed to die.

Listing a battery replacement as a reason to buy a new computer is sad. It's like saying you need a new car whenever the tiers are bald. It's a consumable component and can easily be replaced for a small fraction of the cost of a new system.
I know what the article is saying. I'm telling you that the article would be very different and almost non resistant if there was no notch because then it would just be talking about the four rounded corners of the display.
The only positive for a display that keeps the glass separate is the lower cost to repair. Most of the time when someone breaks their display, it’s just the glass that’s damaged and not the LCD. So they basically made the low end iPad easier to manage for kids and schools. But that’s the best I can come up with. They most likely did it so that the lower end iPad wouldn’t be as thin as the Pro. 
That’s one of the reasons why I love iStat Menus! That and the performance monitoring is amazing.
Without the curved notch this article would be a lot more boring.
Users know when things work vs when they don't. Recently, popular websites will now say tell users that their out of date software is out of date. Or that the site itself simply stops functioning.

Just look at the continued Windows 7 adoption rates for a parallel. People keep using stuff when it works. When there's no more updates and things stop working properly they upgrade. It's that simple. 

Is it a normal thing to shut down a computer when it's not in use? Depends on if you pay the electricity bill in your house or not.
Read the quote. The article's title is wrong and writers have misreported what actually said. He promised that users will be able to see what's going on. At no point has Apple or Tim Cook said that they would allow a user to turn the feature off.
The age of the computer stays the same no matter if it's supported by the OS or not. I know ten years might sound like a long time, but it's not. As I've said before, Windows 7 is still supported and capable of running on hardware that almost time the age of what I just recycled. No one *wants* a ten year old computer, but many don't have the budget to buy one as frequently as others. Or they simply don't see a need to invest in something to replace what already works.

The local recycler I use goes through the trouble of finding homes for systems that work. Last time I donated a bunch of old iMacs to my local school district directly, I found out they only used the keyboards, mice, and cables since the district IT department doesn't want any unsupported systems on the network.

What's really funny to me about the closed loop propaganda they made was when they talk about the plastic trays. Because they pile up and then get reused on site. Apple just wanted the place to look cleaner so they go through he trouble of trucking out the plastic, recycling it, remolding it, and then shipping it back to the same place that would have had no problem using the trey as it was.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHOne3_2IE4

https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2017/04/apple-celebrates-earth-day/

So, I'm sorry, I misspoke when I emphasized the loss in recycling. The aluminum can be close to closed loop as can be. the losses are with the other components like the fully functioning display that get's tossed out with each system.
It's all good I'm not perfect. I miss read, misstate, and misunderstand what's going on all the time. If everyone was willing to admit when their wrong, the world would be a better place.
The curves are part of the notch. The curves being obsessed over  literally woundn't exist if there wasn't a notch. Without the notch, Apple could have made the other four corners however they want to the point that it woun;t matter the same way it does with the notch. No one would have wasted the time trying to make the notch and corners sound like a designers wet dream without the notch. The notch is, unfortunately, one of the worst parts about buying the very expensive phone. 

You know what made it easier to hold the right way? A Touch ID button. But seriously, there are a lot of other cues on an iPhone that give away its orientation like the buttons on the sides, the large camera hump on the back, as well as the way the text is justified on the screen. Plus, when I set down my phone someplace it's picked back up the same way it was put down or put in my pocket that I never really deal with that issue.
I never said otherwise. Though they do stop working properly online and become incompatible with a whole bunch of other services... thus making them obsolete... thus making users upgrade if they want something as basic as a security update and a working web browser.
>But you implied that as soon as they do become obsolete, they're thrown away (not "eco friendly").

I'm implying their obsolescence. I just recently took four perfectly functioning Core2Duo iMacs to the local recycler because no one wants a machine that's not supported by the OS. The people who do are so poor they have no other choice. 

Recycling (or "throwing away") should be a last resort for an electronic device. It's not eco friendly to melt down something to make a new one when it's still a working tool. It's not a one to one ratio when it comes to recycling anything in a Mac including its aluminum casing. Nearly a third of aluminum recycled is lost in the process. That's why Apple came out with their latest closed loop recycling propaganda. They want people to think that recycling is not only the best thing in the world but makes people comfortable with tossing that perfectly functioning product because *don't worry it get's recycled.* No need to think about how marginal the improvements are or how we could have been using the hardware for longer if they continued to support the systems.

Literally nothing Apple has done to go green has been sold for the environment's benefit. They literally made a video about how great they are for owning a tree farm as if all cardboard used to come from the endangered forest Moon of Endor. All they do is take out the middle man and lower their own production costs. If they really cared about the environment they would literally be telling us to use our hardware for as long as possible. Instead they encourage the opposite.
When an OS no longer receives security updates, the system is no longer safe to use online. Third party developers stop updating software. It's when things become incompatible. Websites stops working properly. Thus making the system obsolete and forcing a user to buy something new that can run a supported OS.

Clearly I'm short handing the nitty gritty reality since I've had to respond to this more than once. When I say it forces people to upgrade, I'm referring to the overall system at play. Of course someone could continue to use their G4 iMac running 10.5 but they're not going to be able to do much with it since it's no longer a supported OS.

If Apple supported their OS's for longer, many basic users wouldn't need to buy a new machine as often. They woundn't need to buy the new version of the specialty software they run. I just want what's best for everyone.

>the least opportune times to take over your computer for half an hour (those actually are forced on users, btw).

One of the systems I use daily has been on Windows 10 since it came out and I've never had my system taken over by an update. I find that the people this happens to are the ones who never shut down or restart their computer.
>How did apple force people to upgrade from snow leopard when you had to pay for the upgrade?

When an OS no longer receives security updates, the system is no longer safe to use online. Third party developers stop updating software. It's when things become incompatible. Websites stops working properly. Thus making the system obsolete and forcing a user to buy something new that can run a supported OS.
I thought it was just the G3's that were safe? Is it G4 and G5's as well?
Feel free to participate in the /r/applehelp forums and tell me that APple's updates don't cause issues and break things.
I didn't say they stop working, I said they become obsolete. Without official support from Apple, the system is no longer safe to use online. Third party developers stop updating software. It's how things become incompatible. Thus making the system obsolete.
What do you mean by Apple lets you choose if you want to update? Apple will literally leave your three year old OS behind no matter what. So users either have to upgrade their OS or be on an insecure system. Windows 10, is a different beast and we can talk about that if you want, I'm just talking about 7 at this point since it's still (as you pointed out) supported for at least another two years. No muss no fuss. Someone on an older system than a Mac can still be comfortably surfing the web if they wanted to. 

As for 10, the people who were magically upgraded, do you really think my opinion is going to be any different than what I think about Apple on the matter? Let me be clear, I don't like it. I don't like it when my computer changes or removes features without me knowing and without being offered a choice. Apple has done it time and time again over the last few years. Apple has added the annoying popup messages telling you to update. Mid OS cycle they will remove features and add new ones that are inferior. If a user tells the system to automatically install software updates, it also includes upgrades to the new OS that could be filled with bugs galore. 

But none of that was what I was complaining about. It's a, *grass is always greener not he other side*, kind of thing. Both sides have advantages and disadvantages. Someone as smart as you could probably talk about some of the positives with Windows just like I can rattle off what's good about macOS. I'm just not of fan of short term support no matter what the brand name is. Forcing hardware into obsolescence when they still function properly is a waste of resources. Constantly rolling out new marketing campaigns for a new OS every single year is a waste of resources. Forcing the entire developer community into an annual cycle of nonstop error correction is a waste of resources.

>How do I use Garage Band in Windows, moron?

First of all, there's no need to personally insult me just because we have a different opinion (especially when your followup sentence is stating that this isn't a tribal thing. If it's not a PC vs Mac thing, why not keep things civil? You named a specific application and without waiting for an answer you called me a moron... I want what's best for everyone. each individual user has different needs, and if one of the alternative apps for Windows does not meet your criteria then make your purchasing decisions from there. But to ignore the fact that Apple does not support their Macs for as long as Windows is able to support the hardware they run on is just plain ignorance. I believe we can have new hardware while someone else keeps using what they have. It's not like Apple can't afford to hire more developers to work on the old and new stuff. Apple just proudly announced how many new jobs they're going to create, they could have made that number larger if they needed to hire more people for a long term OS support team.
Yeah, you just have to suck it up and reinstall the whole OS and reconnect your Apple ID(s). Its dumb especially if your internet is less than ideal. 
No, too busy with with life to care about a minor detail that doesn't change what my complaint is about.

It's funny being called out as a hater by someone hating.
From the same article...

> did not say anything about Apple giving users the choice to disable battery throttling
No he didn't... read the words out loud....

>a future iOS update will give users more insight into the state of their battery

That says nothing about being able to turn off the feature, just that users will be able to see when it's happening.
And my hope would be that they would still be supported today.
I have seen way too many systems crash like this when doing an update. I had to reinstall macOS on both of my main Macs after the 10.13.2 update and had to help a number of others around town with the same issue.
Since some users reported that third party batteries will trigger the same throttling, This allows them to use their new battery not sold or installed by Apple to have it's full power used.

Personally though, I'd rather get my batteries from Apple. The way I see it is if my battery catches fire I'd rather Sue Apple and not some random Chinese maker.
Unfortunately, Apple has only promised to be more forthcoming and will continue to throttle devices in the same way. This was what Apple said they would do moving forward...

> * Apple is reducing the price of an out-of-warranty iPhone battery replacement by $50 — from $79 to $29 — for anyone with an iPhone 6 or later whose battery needs to be replaced, starting in late January and available worldwide through December 2018. Details will be provided soon on apple.com.

> * Early in 2018, we will issue an iOS software update with new features that give users more visibility into the health of their iPhone’s battery, so they can see for themselves if its condition is affecting performance.

> * As always, our team is working on ways to make the user experience even better, including improving how we manage performance and avoid unexpected shutdowns as batteries age.
"Perfect" as long as you can tolerate it. It's funny how quickly opinions switch when Apple does something. What I mean is that most of /r/apple was unanimous when they panned the round Android Gear watches. Early versions had an unsightly notch at the bottom. The round shape meant it's display was limiting.

I think the notch is ugly. That it ruins the cemetery of the display in such a way that the phone literally looks dumb for not making the shape consistent on the top and bottom. This article is literally glorifying the way Apple put makeup on a pig.
It was a small error. I've corrected it. Still doesn't change the fact that Apple drops support on older machines faster than Microsoft. I don't think it's very eco friendly to force working hardware into an obsolete state and I wish Apple would support their hardware for longer. It's that simple. If Apple supported Macs going back longer than Microsoft, you bet your butt everyone on this sub would be using it as a major advantage to owning a Mac in the same way it's done in the iOS vs Android debates.
I got my upgrade to Windows 8 for $20 and upgraded to 10 for free as well.

>SL only supported computers starting in 2007 because that was when Apple switched to Intel.

I know. That's why it's a bit shameful. They should have supported PowerPC hardware for longer as well.
It is interesting how many downvotes I get considering this sub hides that feature.
Yeah, wow, I made an error. Now replace my error with the correct word, be civil, and lets have a discussion. No need for a flame war.
No, I read the article. It's just that Apple releases so many OS's it's hard to remember them all.
Sorry, I meant Yosemite.
Of course they have a choice. The same popularity existed with Snow Leopard but Apple constantly takes the choice of forcing people to upgrade. If Apple continued to support Snow Leopard to this day in the same way Windows 7 is, it would be no surprise to see 10.6 being high up on the charts Apple users.

>Microsoft and Apple are playing different games.

Bingo, though I wouldn't say Microsoft is moving slower. Apple's annual OS upgrade cycle has major disadvantages. Incompatibilities, glitches, and the constant shuffling of how a tool works is frustrating for users and developers alike.
> High Sierra, is supported by Macs all the way back to 2009

By *some Macs and Snow Leopard only supported systems as old as 2007. My point is that Microsoft supports systems going back almost a decade older than Apple and I think Apple should support systems for longer than that if they seriously want to be an eco friendly company. Not needing to upgrade hardware saves a lot of resources.
There you have it folks. Apple’s short term OS support in action. Everyone who owns a Mac stuck on ~~El Capitan~~ Yosemite are now unsupported. Meanwhile Microsoft still supports Windows 7 with security updates including the latests threats Apple is patching today. Windows 7 came out before Snow Leopard 10.6 and still runs on systems built in 2001. So for all those who don’t need the latest and greatest and still have a fully functioning Core2Duo Mac, use Windows 7 instead and you’ll still be in good shape. Obviously, not every user will want to keep a machine running that’s 10 years old, but there are plenty of basic users who don’t. Apple doesn’t care though if your machine still works, then rather have you buy a new Mac. 