> Explaining the level of stress that comes from knowing with absolute certainty that you won't be able to pay your bills on time is impossible.

This stress occupies so much mental real estate that it literally reduces your intelligence level.  I'm no longer in a similar situation but I still have trouble spending even small amounts of money.  The sequel to a game I like is only $15 and I still have a hard time spending that.
If an investigation is interfering in your duties, you probably haven't done a good job performing those duties in the first place.
The soup didn't get changed until 1.0.  You probably used FAR prior to that.
Just look at Trump: he lied his way onto the Fortune 400 list and then used his position on the list to get even more money.  He faked it all the way up to the Presidency!
They absolutely do.  Real reaction wheels can only rotate satellites so much.  KSP reaction wheels can rotate anything at any speed, given enough patience.
I find it amusing that icing could be a factor, since ice is clearly visible falling off the rocket when it launches.
That's pretty brilliant, actually, since you are basically keeping their money separate from yours that way.
I can't come up with the name, but someone was selling a device that connected to the headphone jack and could measure the UV Index.
Short answer: no.

Long answer: noooooooooooooooooolololololol.
De beers has a monopoly on the diamond industry.
Not a mover but I recently moved. The mover told me about the previous occupants of the house next door. The packers walked in, turned around, and walked right back out. The place was nasty!
I believe China launched a rocket around that time.
So your answer is no, you don’t have any issue with pointing a loaded shotgun near/at someone. I’ve probably held more guns than you ever will. I’m too humble to call myself an expert, but it certainly doesn’t take an expert to see that the shotgun was not being handled responsibly.
> It's pointed across the boy's chest with like a foot of space.

You don't see any issue at all with that, do you?
>LOok

I'm looking.  Are you?
We are truly living in a post-fact world.  That gun is clearly pointing at the kid and you just proved it with evidence that you claims says otherwise.  That kid will be injured if that gun goes off for any reason.  He could have pointed it almost any other direction but he pointed it at the kid.
>He didn't point it at the kid.

He sure as hell did, he just didn't have good aim. A startled flinch and he could have accidentally shot the kid.
Why not?
There's tons of them, but they all intersect other orbits.
Probably a fluke.
It isn't in a particularly common orbit and stays away from most satellites that are either in lower or higher orbits, so it isn't much of a threat.  The satellite has no propulsion system and we don't have anything that can capture a satellite, so it will remain in orbit indefinitely.
> One of the problems is we are in the position right now, of "Look how big the ocean is, how can the bit of trash that we put in affect it?" except with space. "There is so much space, how can every orbit be in danger of debris, when the debris is so small and there is so much sky?" 

My response to that is debris in the ocean tends to stay put or slowly travel on a current.  Space debris is a bunch of hypersonic bullets covering mind-boggling distances.  The sky is big but so is the area where you could get hit by hypersonic bullets.  No one wants to get hit or be responsible for making more.
It mostly depends on the orbital altitude and to some extent the shape and mass of the object.  Objects in low orbit will deorbit in months to a couple of years.  Mid altitude orbits will take several decades.  Anything in geostationary orbit will remain there on any practical timescale.  Telstar 1, the first communications satellite, was placed in a medium orbit in 1962 and is still in orbit.
It is most definitely a threat.  Launches have been delayed due to space junk being in the wrong place.  The main thing we can do about it is avoid creating more debris by being very deliberate about when certain debris\-causing action take place, like only performing those actions on a suborbital trajectory.  We can also avoid creating debris while in orbit and also make every attempt to avoid debris that is already in orbit.  Eventually, much of the debris will deorbit.
>I know that Safari offers you to save passowrds and logins to selected websites, but it is not exactly what I'm looking for.

I have multiple reddit accounts and Safari brings up options for the username and password fields.  You have to save your usernames/passwords using Safari for it to work.
> How much food can you be ordering for them to get it wrong every time?

Not to mention, why are you still going there?
> How much food can you be ordering for them to get it wrong every time?

Not to mention, why are you still going there?
I believe it already lowers the ring volume if it is unlocked since it assumes you are nearby.
I wouldn't worry too much about tornados.  They're scary but the chances of actually getting hit by one are extremely slim.  They average only a couple hundred yards wide and travel only a few miles, generally.
Modern phones do use a dedicated chip.  You must have the Nokia 3310 confused with another phone; it only listened for a limited selection of user-recorded voice tags after holding down a button.  I can't find any references to any form of voice command on the new 3310, either.
Which is best handled by a low-power chip that allows the main processor to idle.
I had a classmate accidentally turn in a corrupted file. The teacher printed it off and graded it anyway. Her comments on the gibberish were pretty funny.
It only isn’t power hungry if you have a dedicated chip to listen for the phrase, like every other device.
I’m trying to figure out what state that is. Pennsylvania seems close.
Sleep Cycle can do this.
They did for me! It wasn’t immediate, though.
Mine spent some time installing Candy Crush and other apps that I deleted last time.
https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/8fzsuz/something_i_found_at_a_convention_held_at_my_city/
someone really did post it at r/crappydesign.
I love my fender eliminator and cargo rack.
Why isn't his target velocity 0?!  That's the real question here.
They wouldn’t ban cars. That’s retarded. They’d simply ban manual operation of a vehicle in favor of automated operation once it is proven to be safer. Can you logically argue that 40,000 people need to die every year so you can turn the wheel yourself?
>I haven’t had a chance yet to go home and mess around with the new launch profile so what say the community?

There's nothing new about gravity turns.  They've been part of the game since 1.0, which was over 3 years ago.  Where have you been all this time?
Air Force 1 is essential government services, unfortunately.
Plus, viewfinders don't help if they don't zoom with the lens.
I'm not hung up on the resolution since I'm not staring at it while I'm driving.
When he asked about lowering your bill, you should have said no.
> It would just suck to spend $1k+ on a new phone and not have a huge game changing feature

That's the risk you take every time you buy a new high-tech product.
Even more interesting: what company did you think never made commercials when, in fact, they were all just on another channel?
Absolutely not.  5G isn't even real yet, much less deployed anywhere.
If you think it says "Work play hard hard", you might be a redneck.

So someone is supposed to arrive at their off-roading spot deaf and without any supplies?
I was ready to go off on how that's how merging works, but these people have already gone past the point where they are supposed to merge, which isn't how merging works.
You have a fundamental misunderstanding of what heat is.
Thunderstorms also produce gamma rays and antimatter.  Pretty impressive stuff.
That's what the Bluetooth and siri is for.
Not at all misleading.  The meteor hits the atmosphere, air gets compressed, compression increases the air temperature until it turns into plasma, intense heat and pressure from the plasma breaks down the meteor until it breaks apart or slows down enough that air can start moving out of the way.  Heat comes from the kinetic energy of the meteor, not some fundamental particle of the air.
225 for a couple of hours, probably.  That's a tiny brisket!
When people try to say that cars are analogous to firearms, they are shot down with the argument that guns are a right, cars merely a privilege.  However, if you threaten to take away someone's car, they suddenly start acting like you are taking away a right, thus exposing the hypocrisy of their position.
Small bit: heat isn't what is being compressed, air is.  Air heats up as it compresses.
> this video also debunks those remaining flat-earthers.

No, it doesn't.  Facts cannot be used to undo a conclusion that is not based on fact.  The video was clearly altered to make the Earth curve, whether in the camera or before it was uploaded.
I don't see the problem.  It clearly needs a two-man penis lift to be safely carried.
True, but this post is on Reddit.
They may not have speed limits, but there are more rules and they are strictly enforced.
Let's take your car away, then.  How do you feel about your little privilege now?
That’s a funny list. “Quiet Hours” is mentioned in 5 bullets in a row, then a couple of bullets later it gets renamed. Perhaps Microsoft should have listed the new name first and then reinforced it by talking about it for 5 bullets.
I saw a graphic that I just can’t seem to find anymore that said there is about 30 times more gold mined than diamonds. Diamonds are far more rare than gold. De Beers also doesn’t have a monopoly and hasn’t in many years.
Just do it with less fuel next time. It will be fine.
I’m going to Joe’s Crab Shack tomorrow. They have a sign saying they’ll have free crab tomorrow!
That was Toshiba installing it, not Microsoft.
I spent probably $1500 on IKEA furniture this year and it was all very clear. If you don’t understand the directions, Ikea may not be for you.
I feel like the gen2 takes itself too seriously.
I have one to my wife/myself for Christmas.
When I moved, my router was still packed up when the tech came out.  I simply rented their G1100 for the setup and then returned it once I unboxed my router.
How are you going to use it if you can't even see the icon?
That's not the same as "Half of this pizza..." though.
My spam filter may have caught something from your computer, but you don't know it.  It may be broken, you just don't know it yet.
It is only a weak link if you let it be.  You should be using at least a 6 digit passcode and maintain better physical control of your device.  You can lock it down with TouchID, which makes access difficult for anyone that isn't you and very easy for you.  If there were actual security concerns, they would have been pointed out and corrected by now.  Presently, you are still the weakest link in your phone's security.
Requiring the passcode a second time means they aren't assuming the passcode has actually been cracked, whether the phone was stolen while unlocked or simply being used temporarily by another party.
Kind of hard to answer since the SE2 currently does not exist.
Research what the app does and you'll find the answer to your question.
Maybe he/she figured out the numbers are all spoofed and blocking them doesn't really do anything to slow the calls down.  I don't block numbers and I can't say I've gotten more than 1 call from any particular number.
Only an hour difference?  What cities are you using for reference?  Dallas to London is about 7.5 hours but London to Dallas is about 10 hours.  To make matters worse, that flight from London leaves in mid-morning local time and arrives mid-afternoon local time, making for a very long day.
Nice try, ISIS.
Ok, buddy.
No one is blaming users.
There are no headlines with "Korea" in them on the front page at this moment.
It is hardly a fringe issue.  We have a large amount of trade with them and a huge number of troops.
There was a CNN link at the very top with almost 800 comments only an hour ago that is now gone.
No, you weren't.  You were karma whoring someone else's post.
Even if it wasn't a lie, why would you say on national TV that you didn't get your wife a birthday present?
It is only true for certain kinds of rechargeable batteries.  These batteries aren't used in phones.
The cord is supposed to be twisted.  That's how it rejects interference.
Why does the direction it rotates matter so much to you?
Because it doesn't plug in right the first time or the second time.  The first time and third time are the same, so it repeats.
Exactly.  Chaff dispensers are only tested in certain areas because they can have a similar effect to a graphite bomb.  They show up very clearly on weather radar.
They might be superstorm Nor'easters.  Those are driven by cold air.
It isn't that he simply lied about it.  He had no reason to go to Fort Knox on that particular day using a tax-payer-funded jet.  He could have bought his own plane tickets and gone anywhere he wanted to watch it and no one would care.  People care because he wastefully spent their money and then lied about it.
It isn't irrelevant, it is more evidence that Trump lied about draining the swamp and hiring the best people.
Welfare doesn't get women pregnant.  Maybe they are on welfare because the father got shot dead by police for being black.
A PIN isn't going to protect you from that either.  You'll stay locked up until they get it from you.
ATMs use 2-factor authentication: what you have, your ATM card, and what you know, your PIN.  That only protects your bank account from unauthorized use.  Your phone has so much more information about you than just your money. It needs more protection.  The time difference between a 4 digit PIN and a 6 digit PIN should be no more than 2 seconds, an insignificant amount of time.
I did not do that.  That was helpful and enlightening.  Thank you.
Yep, just updated last night to 11.3.1.
> If I dont support a gun ban, that means I like children getting murdered.

That's simplifying it a bit.  Kids were murdered and nothing changed as a result.  That's why the child murderer thing started.
Socioeconomic issues?  You mean the kinds of things that happen when schools are underfunded and safety nets removed, basically the GOP platform?
In other words, you gave them money after they did something you didn't like, increasing the chance they'll continue to do that thing because you rewarded them for it.
>  Also for whatever reason OP apparently got responses without applying for the jobs since "responses" is separated from "applications" and not a subdivision.

That's not how I read it at all.  It was pretty obvious to me that he got 5 responses out of those 52 applications.
Does that only happen if you have multiple inboxes?  I have 1 inbox and I don't have a Today section.
World's worst terrorists: too afraid to even scare anyone.
But like you said, those guns are brought on by mouth breathers, not terrorists.
How many of those led to criminal charges? Of those charged, how many were convicted?
Mine fell off the bed, the shortest fall I've ever dropped an iPhone, and cracked the screen.  My wife's fell about 3 feet, in a case, and it still broke.
That was difficult to read and very wordy.
What is the false positive rate? What causes false positives? These are important questions not answered.
The chicken madras I make has 30 unique ingredients. I’m pretty sure nothing I make is as involved as this one.
> haldi (I am really sorry I legitimately don't know the English lol...It's very yellow...)

Apparently, that's turmeric.  I've seen that stuff turn things yellow that aren't supposed to do that.
Different octanes for different altitudes.
It is especially worth it with pets.
Remember when the most offensive things in the world were saluting Marines with a coffee cup, wearing tan, and eating Dijon mustard?  Make Politics Boring Again.
Laptops usually have easily accessible RAM, if it is accessible at all, and then only two slots anyways.
You completely missed my point.

>EVERYTHING about them is absolutely solidly legally binding.

This claim is not true.  Please see the cases I just referenced.  Are EULAs generally legally binding? Yes.  Are they always legally binding?  Absolutely not.
No, they don't hold up every day in court.  In Step-Saver Data Systems, Inc. v. Wyse Technology and Vault Corp. v. Quaid Software Ltd., the EULAs were found to be invalid, and those are just two prominent examples.
I either send everything with Gigantors or RTGs, or I just cover the ship in small panels.
What’s the point of a small light that far up?
Solar eclipses don’t block the sun for the entire side of the planet.
Here’s a thought: some games are really ad-delivery platforms. The game only exists to get you to watch the ads.
Weren’t there tornados in the viewing area? That’s what TV stations do when there’s bad weather.
Weird, it worked flawlessly just now when I tried it.
Waco was nice but the water tasted and smelled like cow shit.
I have th same. You can adjust Siri’s volume, but only when it is talking.
They already know it is a real number because it is ringing.
My MIL did that to me. She had an error popping up in Outlook and kept clicking OK on it before either of us could read it. The error message had instructions on fixing the error and she could have done it herself if she actually read it.
That was hilariously unexpected! Well done!
That doesn’t turn it off, it just locks it. It was on the whole time. Still, it shouldn’t drain that quickly. Your battery is likely bad.
You assume it must suggest something. Sometimes the right suggestion is none at all.
A small leak is pretty easy to plug.  That's the nice thing about a comfortable air pressure.
>The phone was OFF the entire time I was asleep. Last night, I noticed that my battery had once again drained by around 12% after around 30 minutes of being unhooked from the charging cable, even though it was turned off.

I'm confused about this part.  Did you turn it off or just lock it? It sounds like you just hit the lock button without actually turning it off.
It isn't almost here.  They don't plan to launch any parts until 2022, 4 years away.
It wasn't mere stupidity, but malice.  He let his wife run a casino and it did better than his, so he ran his wife's casino into the ground to spite her.
A clinical study suggests an active ingredient may help support prostate health.
The clipboard is kind of useless if an app doesn’t have access to it. Accessing the clipboard is probably not a function that is allowed to run in the background, either.
>I live in a regime

I felt that way growing up, too.
I think they are trying to hammer this out to avoid dealing with Trump.
I remember clicking that button like it was yesterday.  Wait, it was, in fact, yesterday.
I've heard anecdotes that tourists forget how to ride bikes.
It is possible and there's quite a bit of research, including incorporating it into a building's lighting systems specifically because you won't be able to see the data transmission.
Because SpaceX is actually doing things.
My point is that some people won't put effort into attempting to comprehend the message, whether an icon or text.  They'll only see that something is there without determining what that something is trying to communicate and then have the gall to complain that they don't understand why something is wrong.  You can't make someone pay attention, you can only try and you will never succeed with some people.
Abe accidentally beat Trump at golf, didn't he?
Plus, it gives North Korea credibility.
My MIL asked me how to fix an error message she was getting in Outlook.  She kept closing it without reading it.  The error message contained short and simple instructions on how to fix it.  You give people too much credit.  So many are surprisingly dumb and yes, it is their fault.
That's why their update notes are always vague.  Some updates are simply laying the groundwork for server-side changes.  Conversely, not every server-side change requires an app update.
Is it normal for the "Best" tab of the homepage to mostly repeat itself on the next page?  Probably 75% of the next page is posts from previous pages.
They could launch anything on the SLS and it will automatically be a multi-billion dollar boondoggle.
I really hate how scanners can instantly determine a planet's contents instantly simply from being in a certain kind of orbit at a certain altitude.  It should take at least one orbit.
The exact figure is $912 Million, only a slight exaggeration. The name-calling bit is super ironic and blocking over inconvenient facts is straight up childish.
NASA is in charge of astronauts, not Boeing or SpaceX. Both companies will likely fly crews before Orion does. How’s that infrastructure and support working out with the second SLS tower? Have they figured out how to use their infrastructure and support to not spend $1 Billion modifying a $200 Million Launch Tower?
Yeah, SpaceX built a giant rocket from 3 rockets and flew it and will fly it again before a capsule from NASA is ready to fly again. That’s my point. SLS may be ahead of BFR, but there isn’t anything the SLS can launch that Falcon Heavy can’t right now, except for people, and at a tiny fraction of the cost. NASA might be ahead slightly, but they are moving so slow that SpaceX will quickly overtake them.
My daughter’s comment on the landing: “Booooring!” This is what Musk wanted, right?
You can post literally anything Apple and call it crappy design and you’ll get upvotes here. This is the same group of people that lack the ability to read vertically oriented words. Consensus on anything here is completely meaningless.
> All I am saying is that the current time IS shown when the phone is unlocked but not when it is locked.

Maybe it is only shown on the iPhone X, because I typed my reply with my 6S in hand with navigation active and the entire status bar, not just the time, is gone.
We're just finding random screenshots from Apple and calling it crappy design now?
There's over 100 parts that still haven't been made?  Orion and Falcon Heavy were announced a month apart and Falcon Heavy has flown and will fly again this year, Orion has not flown since 2014 and won't fly again for at least another year.
Stay in school.
Do what the manual says.  If it breaks, you can use the warranty.
There might be something wrong with time where you live.  I only touch my clocks twice a year when the time changes.  They might be a couple of minutes off by then.
The current time is not displayed when navigating.  The estimated travel time and ETA are, however.  The assumption is that the current time isn't important enough to be displayed as that can be easily calculated by subtracting travel time from the ETA and it is likely to be readily available somewhere else.  Most, though not all, people are worried about what time it is because they want to be sure they get somewhere on time.  ETA will tell you that and saves you the mental calculation.  For CarPlay, the time is always displayed on the screen.
Someone has to translate that string and make sure it is appropriate for each language.  That's the hard part.  Apple has been using the same or similar icons for years to indicate the status of the battery and no one has complained before.
Apple doesn't translate symbols into written phrases in other languages because symbols are independent of language.  It doesn't matter how hard or easy it is to translate, it is already something that is easily recognizable in any language.
1. I wasn't talking to you when I said that. 2. I lied about not understanding the sentence instead of calling that person stupid.
If it isn't so hard or not a big deal, why haven't they done it?
The lightning bolt icon only appears in two places: next to the battery on the status bar when it is charging, and next to the lightning cable icon when it needs to be charged.  It never appears alone.  Context, remember?

>It doesn’t matter if most people will figure it out from context

It absolutely matters and that's the point.  It is a simply icon that is easy for most people to figure out.  If most people can figure it out, it is clearly communicating the right information.
Holy run-on sentence, Batman! I don't know what you're saying.
I'm not saying it is too difficult, just not necessary.  They'd have to translate that phrase at least 31 times to add it to iOS and then translate it again for each language they add in the future.  An icon does not have to be translated.  You're rejection is baseless and intellectually lazy.
You've got a lot to learn, because you're blatantly ignoring several contextual clues that inform the user of the phone's charging status.  If the phone is on, it will provide visual, audio and/or haptic feedback when it begins charging after being plugged in. Plugging it in also has physical feedback. Visual indicators include a lightning bolt by the status bar battery icon or a big battery icon on the screen if it is locked or off.  The cable only appears if the battery is dead and not plugged in.  The user can easily determine what needs to be done because they've encountered these symbols on a regular basis while plugging it in, reinforcing their meaning.  A user will probably make a mistake about it at some point, but only because that user is stupid and no amount of hand-holding will fix that.  You could literally print on the screen what needs to be done as well as play an audio file describing what needs to be done, along with a video depicting it and the stupid user will still be confused.
I'm surprised your car doesn't have a clock.  If you're using CarPlay, it does show the time.  Exiting the app to see the time is unnecessary.
If the user isn't going to pay attention to what's on the screen in the first place, everything on it will be confusing.  Users will ignore messages telling them literally exactly what to do to fix a problem.
It tells you when it expects you to arrive(ETA-Estimated Time of Arrival), which is typically more important than what time it is now.
A lightning cable looks the same in every language.  iOS 11 is localized to 31 languages, so that's 31 different ways you'll have to translate "This phone is now charging" and a good translation is not as easy as translating each word, you have to take the entire concept into account.
If you plug it in and the symbol that says you need to plug it in goes away, it is charging.  If the symbol does not go away, you know something is wrong and it isn't charging.  Pretty clear if you aren't dumb.
But the normal case is the user sees the charging cable on the screen and does not have the cable plugged in.  The user knows the cable is not plugged in because the user is physically handling the device, not just looking at the screen.  Also, you know the phone isn't charging if you plug it in and still get the same symbol.  Thus, context is important.
Isn't the whole point of conceal carry that they don't know you're carrying and isn't brandishing typically illegal?
That's how loopholes work.  They take the letter of the law/rule and find a way to use it contrary to the intent of the law/rule.
People say things like this but the national debt mostly doesn't work like that.  Debt is simply money owed but payment isn't necessarily required or even desired right now.  The government will owes me money right now but I don't want that money right now because I know I'll want it at some point in the future.
My basic light payload rocket is even simpler.  An LT-45 with 2 T-800s for the first stage and a terrier with a T-200 for the second.  My rockets started out much bigger but have gotten smaller and more capable.
It also doesn't really help that we broadcasted things widely for only a few decades.  Most broadcasts now are much more focused.  If you aren't listening when that shell passes by, you'll probably miss us.
A giant flaming party balloon.  That sounds awesome!
You've only just now noticed it.  That's how it has worked basically the whole time.
I don't know how he could not.  He's had stuff overturned by judges that told him it was because of what he tweeted.
It doesn't help that his twitter page appears to be in chronological order but actually isn't.  He tweeted it 10 hours ago but it appears between tweets that are 15-18 hours old.
Turn off "Ask to Join Networks".  Wifi automatically disconnects after some time on standby.  This is how iOS does things and it can't be changed.
You've got a setting jacked up, apparently.  I've had an iPhone and various Bluetooth devices for a decade and never had a problem using them to make phone calls on my locked iPhone.
> Of course I imagine it's a real pain to rewrite a bunch of code to run on these platforms.

That's the main limitation.  Code is typically written and optimized for the computer it will be used on.  Cloud computing won't be as efficient because you can't write code for the hardware.
> to treat it seriously for a second, he dramatically reduced the search space

Only if a hacker is able to link his phone, which they somehow now have in their possession, with his reddit username and find this post.

>He ruled out all alphanumeric passcodes.

The phone will rule this out for the hackers when it presents the passcode screen.

What he did is not good, but the chances of it being used against him are extremely remote.

Like the others, my Roomba runs early morning before I get up and I wake up to clean, hair-free floors. It is so nice.
Try cleaning the port with a toothpick.
What do you mean by "decent priced".  LEDs will pay for themselves 4 or 5 times over.  Cree makes good ones.
She's gonna be sore in the morning, for sure.
The words are weird, not just top to bottom.  The silhouettes on the left don't match the others.  All around crappy design.
I was watching CNN at lunch and the guy they interviewed said it was a smooth descent and landing.
I tried that once.  Instead of Coke, the machine gave me 8 Diet Cokes and turned on the sold out light.
Drive around downtown with squeaky brakes.
Their license plates already read "Taxation without representation".
It is a concern to all and certainly not limited to children.  Some people get older but they never grow up.
> Yeah but listening to all of them speak joys about trump through online gaming is a bit disturbing.

Not nearly as disturbing as listening to grown adults do the same thing.  It sounds like you have a problem with people having a different opinion from yours.  That's a you problem, not a them problem.
Why not make the main engine slightly more powerful and throw away one motor instead of 3?
They often have cars and jobs, so taxes that go along with that.  Why not have the representation that's supposed to go with taxation?  The irony of it also being DC is pretty delicious.
A bowl of dicks, probably.
I tried to get all the answers wrong on an online test and still got 95% of them correct.
I don't think they'll be the most effective voters, but 16-year-olds often have cars and jobs and the taxes that go along with that.  The things politicians do likely have a bigger impact on them than any other non-adult demographic, so they should get a vote.
All the pictures show strap-on boosters.  Please tell me those aren't always needed.
>their quick reply feature defaults to reply-all and for some reason, cannot be changed!

/r/Assholedesign.  That is almost literally unbelievable.  Reply-all is rarely the correct option.
Or you can plug it in for 30 seconds and then again at the end of the day.
The real life pro tip is always in the comments.  I can't wait until everything is USB-C.
Jesus Christ I hope so. It was frustrating telling my friends how awesome the F-35 was going to be and a decade later it still doesn’t have a working gun.
It isn’t that bad now, sure, but it is a case study in how not to introduce the next warplane.
The F-16 took 4 years from first flight to introduction, the F-35 took 10. That’s ridiculous. It is still years behind schedule.
I did presentations on the F-35 being the main aircraft of the Armed Forces in a few years, and that was over a decade ago. There were supposed to be hundreds flying for each service years ago and thousands by now.
I had a printer decades ago that let you specify a custom paper size, now a printer from the same company only has 10 preset sizes.  Why are we going backwards?
My dog sat up, looked at me, and said,"No one will ever believe you."
They were supposed to have a lot more flying by now but the concurrent development/production model failed.  Things would have turned out much better if they followed the traditional development-production pipeline. In other words, the plane itself is fine, how they developed and built it is not fine.
A few people at r/Politics were complaining that their stations weren't showing the Comey interview.  This is why, you dumbasses.  Tornados aren't a mere annoyance.
Connect it to a network, let it update, then set Active Hours so it only updates while you sleep or go to work.  Is that too obvious and I'm missing something?
It looks like the payload adapter has a payload adapter.
I just turned read receipts off.  They already get a delivery receipt.  I'll read and respond when I feel like it.
[iPhone User Guide for iOS 11.3](https://itunes.apple.com/us/book/id1263310224) by Apple.  They update it with every point release.
Here’s the recipe: https://imgur.com/a/K9fVT
It has a density similar to the atmosphere at the altitude of the ISS, so it has an effect. That effect is likely quite smaller than gravity. It would certainly have some effect at the lowest possible orbital altitude.
For an airless body and assuming uniform mass distribution, you can orbit at the lowest point that doesn’t hit the ground. With uneven mass distribution, the question becomes much harder to answer. Though the Moon has no atmosphere, many orbits are considered unstable because the mass concentrations in the moon are pretty weird. We can use the non-uniform mass of Earth to cause an orbit to move around. For example, the A-train satellites use this to pass over the same points on Earth at the same time every day. The moon is more random and finding a stable orbit is much more difficult.
That’s assuming a uniform mass, though. The moon isn’t uniform.
Apparently not, but this account suddenly started speaking English a couple months ago.
Follow retrograde down. This will naturally kill most horizontal velocity by the time you touch down. Have a TWR greater than 1. Practice. Practice some more.
Update.  That's guaranteed to clear the notification.
Notifications->Show Previews->When Unlocked
Blocking numbers is not an effective method since spoofing makes using a different number, or no number at all, trivial.
I used autodocking once and it looked like it was using every RCS engine simultaneously and burned an enormous amount of RCS fuel very quickly.  I haven't touched it since.
They put the hospital in hospitality.
This is why I have a credit card.  Rental cars and debit cards do not go together, even though they fit if you try really hard.
I tried one of them and thought something was wrong with my phone because I heard static in the silence.  It turns out the noise cancelling algorithm isn't very quiet.  The Bose that I bought to replace it were completely silent.
Beautiful? No. Big, strong, hard? Yes.
In Comey’s hearing, he said “Lordy, I hope there are tapes.” Drapes rhymes with tapes, so it is a pun.
That was a good one.
There's not really a way to edit a PDF like that.  Tell your landlord to stop being lazy.
You can do markup on a PDF.  That's what I did.
Fox News doesn't count as news, either.
No, they'll just sell access codes and continue to charge postage.  Now they are keeping their revenue stream while almost eliminating costs.  Profits will increase exponentially.
Stop and go traffic for an hour driving yourself is even more boring.
I believe he sees himself as the same person he was in first grade, if I remember the quote correctly.
In the movie Passengers, that was partly a selling point: a fresh start.
That is a fun glitch!
Blame and responsibility are different concepts. Accepting responsibility is one thing, accepting blame is another.
I've seen traffic tickets with codes to view the violation.  You become your observer.
At least 2 people missed the joke.
You just summed up half of TIFU.  People are too willing to automatically blame themselves.
Then don't buy a fucking $1000 iPhone. There's lots of options that are much cheaper.
I managed to get one 2 minutes ahead of time.  I wish I had a screenshot of it.
Sounds like a hotkey issue.
In a way, but weird things happen sometimes.  When my wife and I were poor, we were looking at section 8 housing.  One apartment complex told us we made too much money to live there.  In the parking lot next to our old beat-up car that we could barely afford were some very nice new cars.  The monthly payments for the apartment and a new car left only a couple hundred dollars for other expenses.
In Texas, Standard Presumptive Value is based on the sales of similar vehicles in the region.
I think they mean presumptive value.
Cool.  I'll have to give it another shot later.
I can picture that, too, but I'm also pretty confident I could find space for just one more.
I just tried this, but the base got destroyed by the engine.  How did you prevent that?
No noticeable difference for me.
That pretty similar to what I do, but I throw it all in a roasting pan in the smoker.
I smoked ribs and brisket for Thanksgiving. Everyone was already eating when I remembered the BBQ sauce I made. No one wanted it. I’ve never been happier having something I made turned down.
There's a Wireless brand in the US that ironically sells a lot of wired things.
No, installing the latest firmware is part of the restore process.
Since he’s overweight, you know he floats!
Why do all the memes have it wrong?
Why the fuck are we better-informed than the president?
It is probably emulating the same behavior as iRobot's docks.  They act as walls when the Roomba isn't trying to dock.
A new thing is a better atmosphere.  Fly your rocket like the real thing and you'll be fine.
To clarify: to BFR is Mars-bound, not the tool.  At least, not yet.
Me before I clicked: I can't wait to see the design amazeballs inside!

Me after I clicked: JFC what happened to that phone?!
You might be stupid, OP.
Or the SLS launch tower that cost $234M to build and $1B to modify.
I think at this point they might be learning first-hand that it is a bad idea.  Like a kid that gets told not to touch the hot stove but doesn't really understand why until he actually touches it.
It is hard to imagine something on Earth being bigger than its edge.
The way I've heard it explained is that you have free will but God still has a plan.  Like giving a cat a bath, you don't know exactly everything that will happen, but you have a plan and the cat will eventually be bathed.
He's new.  He's just asking questions to better understand what's going on^/s
Chargers don't push the electricity to the devices, devices pull as much as they can.
Most alerts also have a vibration pattern, so I don't see why there should be any difference.  If there is a difference, it probably isn't even measurable.
I'm pretty sure https means the contents of the page are encrypted, not the URL.
I didn't know what to expect but that was way funnier than I thought it would be!
How is that different from the built-in camera app?
"Virgin Galactic will on Thursday".  Will what?
Was I not supposed to look last month when the paper was released?
Let's say a large number of teachers strike anyways, what's the state going to do? Fire half its teachers, rendering the rest much less effective and driving out those that did want to teach, basically hurting the students most?  I believe that punishing the teachers so drastically would have much larger consequences than if the teachers went on strike.
Some of the circles I'm in are a bit...slow, so I'll probably see memes about this tomorrow.  Now I'm prepared for it.
The most delicious part is that despite all that, it still won’t stop illegal immigration!
Mexicans joke that they’ll be the ones running the concession stands at the wall.
The Trump took away the workers' safety net.  You can't make someone stop falling by removing the thing that will catch them.
"Girrrl, yo baby look like a go-rilla!"
The Pillars of Creation don't exist anymore, but we won't get to watch their destruction for another 1,000 years.
The rocket was sacrificed for reentry testing purposes.
Mueller also has no obligation to tell the whole truth to Trump's lawyer. Trump may very well be a target, or very close to shifting from being a subject to a target.
Brand new, huh?
They knew exactly what they were doing, considering that's the window for a Chili's Too restaurant.
Probably the worst part is Trump tried to undo what Obama did with the Clean Power Plan, but he didn't account for the fact that some workers are losing their jobs and the CPP offers help to those workers.  He ignored reality and made things worse.
The FCC must have Democrats and Republicans on it.  He didn't have much power as a member.  He got his power from the Republicans when they made him chairman.
It is amazing how none of these people have a counter-argument that isn't "Hogg's face is stupid".
Ironically, it was the adults that came up with the shitty and petty solution.
Yep, spacetime is like a road.  Everything with gravity bends the road, not the cars(light) driving on it.
Do you want me to quote my OP to you or do you want to find it and read it yourself?
B-but she made other people scared! I've been told that's all it takes to be a terrorist!^/s
It was explained on NPR this morning that there are 3 kinds of people interviewed in an investigation: witness, subject, and target.  Witness is pretty self-explanatory.  Subject is someone potentially involved.  Targets are imminently indictable.  It is pretty easy to move from subject to target.  Plus, Mueller doesn't exactly have to be truthful to Trump's lawyers.  He wants to get an interview, an interview that could easily move Trump from subject to target.
Yep, stories like these remind me the "con" in con-man is short for "confidence".  The first step in pulling off a scam is acting with confidence, like you know what you are doing or that you belong.  Like you said, it works really well.
Except not the lowest possible altitude and some room to still do speed management on the way down if you aren't comfortable with a suicide burn.  Why are you arguing about this?
It is a looser version of the constant altitude burn and also with engines likely to be more powerful.
It is a mere coincidence.
None of it will get anywhere as long as the GOP still votes the way the NRA tells them to.
If he's just a kid that doesn't know what he's talking about, why not just ignore him?
I didn't say they did.  I'm saying that a lot of what you call "criticism" isn't.  Instead of pointing out why their ideas won't work and suggesting other ways, they just make fun of them.  Take Laura Ingraham, for example.  Rather than addressing their issues, she made fun of Hogg for not getting accepted at some universities, while also ignoring that he did get accepted to a very difficult university, none of which has anything at all to do with his argument.
A good compromise is putting your periapsis very low and burning there.  You'll kill your horizontal velocity but you want have very far to go to the ground.
A B-1 at full afterburner is a good one to listen to.
> If they decide to join the political landscape and make speeches in Washington then they are open to criticism.

Criticism is fine, but what the right wing is doing is not criticism, they are just making fun of the kids.  Kids- "We are tired of getting shot at!" Right Wing- "Look at his stupid face!"
Apparently at all costs.  The NRA has clearly found multiple school shootings to be simply the cost of doing business.  I think that may be the agenda
I believe there's still some disagreement about the exact cause, but it can be heard with any high-powered engine, jet or rocket.  It has to do with the shape of the shockwaves.  It is pretty complicated.
The movie is 2.39:1, the iPhone X screen is 16:9. To fit the whole frame on the screen, there will be black bars on the top and bottom.  To fill the screen, the left and right edges will get cut off.
I'm pretty sure it is the emails that are buttery.
A normal person will often get put on house arrest or put in jail to await the trial.  Cops often just get put on paid leave, essentially told to not come to work.
When it comes to justice, conviction and punishment aren't a foregone conclusion.  Cops also tend to not get convicted of crimes, despite getting charged.
Being charged is just a formal accusation.  He must still be proven guilty and then sentenced.
Get back to me when he gets convicted.
The USAF originally called for 750.
I turned off alerts for emails.  If it is important enough for my immediate attention, it is important enough for a phone call and a message.
* Place them in a bowl under the faucet and leave the water trickling.  You'll have thawed steaks in about 30 minutes.  
* Pat dry, season with salt and pepper. 
* Heat pan until the oil is shimmering.  
* Generally 5 minutes on one side and 4 minutes on the other for medium rare.
* Let rest for 5 minutes per pound. 
* Enjoy
I don't understand the question.
It depends on the speed limit.  Cutting 20mph down to 15mph does absolutely nothing.
Only if teleportation isn't hereditary.
The first beta of 11.4 came out.  I wouldn't expect a consistent answer.  You can try it, if you'd like, on a secondary device.
You apparently haven't missed the data for a year, so it probably isn't that important.
Lunch isn't supposed to be a feast.  There's still time for a snack and dinner for the rest of the day.
AND has the best words!
My almost 2 years old 6s is at 81% and has never had an unexpected shutdown.
They are using SMS instead of their own iMessage Business Chat.
In addition, some probes are going extremely fast so the probe arrives in a relatively timely manner. We could put a probe in orbit around Pluto, but it will have to be going pretty slow and no one wants to wait 50 years for it to get there.
Amazing.  Every word of what you just said was wrong.
I was going to say that you'll miss some sights, but having driven through several southern states, you probably won't miss anything.
"Biased" not "bias".
That's for all the business travelers.
Don't sit sideways on the left end, your feet will stick into the entrance.
I almost punched my screen because Shitlord Pai's face was on it.
In the middle of Season 2, Episode 3 of The Pioneer Woman, star Ree Drummond pulls a batch of “Asian hot wings” out of the oven, but her kith and kin wrinkle their noses at the sight of this game-day snack. One member of her crew asks, “Where are the real wings?” Another dude says, “I don’t trust ‘em.” Drummond laughs and says, “I’m just kidding guys, I wouldn’t do that to you.” Then she pulls a tray of good ole American Buffalo wings out of the oven, much to the delight of her boys, one of whom says, “Now those are some wings.”
Wouldn’t a black leaf also harvest too much energy? Selectively absorbing certain wavelengths is probably a way to manage the thermal energy plants receive.
The station is tumbling, so drag at any particular altitude won’t be consistent. That’s part of what is making the predictions tough.
Because Windows is more vulnerable that OSX and idiots ignore all the warnings that it needs to restart to apply changes that keep the computer safe, so eventually Windows says “Fuck it, I’ll do it myself.” All you have to do is read the warnings to understand this but that’s too hard for some people.
If Macs are your point, you’ve got to at least mention them. WTF does Apple have to do with Windows?
400 posts from people that ignored all the warnings.
It probably wasn’t without warning. You probably ignored multiple warnings. Windows doesn’t just suddenly install updates like that.
It sounds like America’s Test Kitchen did all the work for you. That’s pretty much their recipe. I’d say you did a good job if you arrived at the same conclusions.
Meal plan. Learn it, live it, love it.
Disney does this but a handful of rides still have longer fastpass lines than the normal lines.
That tautology, not terrorism.
Terrorism is using terror to accomplish something.  It is a means, not an end.
Your face is stupid -NRA
The easiest way is to wait until you are almost under the target orbit and then burn a few degrees West of the direction you need to go.  If you're under the north-bound side of the orbit, burn NNW.
Now I have to pick?!
There was recently the case of GMO Atlantic Salmon that grow very fast.  Testing revealed no differences between them and normal Atlantic Salmon, the government considers them to be exactly the same for consumption purposes.
> It's not as bad as people Crack it up to be.

That's a ringing endorsement if I ever heard one.
My FIL cheated on his first wife, divorced her, engaged his mistress, and then tried to cheat on his mistress with his now ex wife multiple times.
I would rather have a good cheap NFC padlock.
You want someone to rely on an Amazon search? I was searching for an NFC padlock and shoes were in the results among actual padlocks!
Lucas Helder, the "Midwest Pipe Bomber", AKA Smiley Face Bomber, because of his plan to map out a grinning face across the United States with his 18 mailbox bombings.
Submitter didn't try.
They are clearly using advertising to help fund the restoration work. So what?
Because the whole point of the Purge is to reduce the populations of the poor and homeless.
I've seen it pointed out before and this seems to be a variation of it: this account was opened in 2013, didn't post until 2016, and 7/13 comments and posts have been from the last couple hours.  Weird.
>It is completely unacceptable to me if an operating system ever does something without my consent

There are hundreds of things going on every hour inside Windows.  Did you give each of those things your consent?  For example, my work computer says, in the summary of administrative events, there are 157 error events, 3 warnings, and 290 information events in the last hour. That's more than one every 10 seconds.  That's not even everything that's going on.
If you listen carefully, you can even hear the liquid boiling!
I've found that answering on the phone tends to use the phone but answering on the Bluetooth device uses the Bluetooth device.
A big part of the background check argument is that even if the existing system worked exactly as it should, it wouldn’t have prevent many of the mass shooters from getting guns. Mental issues aren’t a crime, as it should be.
It is funny how “I was raised to respect the law and guns” turns into “I love the guns that I totally don’t have” when the law threatens to take them away.
More vile lies.
We were just asked to set aside an incredibly terrible thing that a person did just because of something else they did. That's not how this works. You get the bad and the good, you don't get to ignore the parts you don't like.
> But in reality, even though the picture is 'fake', she really wants to do that, she and Mr. Hogg are pretty open about their agenda.

Fuck off with your "it's fake but the intention is real" bullshit. You're full of lies and attacking victims. If you really wanted to see it you could find it yourself easily. Kindly go fuck yourself and your NRA-sponsored bullying.
The guy is a dumbass criminal.
I’d say that sums it up pretty good.
Everyone is a good person once you dismiss everything bad about them.
My friend deleted his post after I told him it wasn’t real and I’d rather not go into the backwaters of Facebook to find it.
No, facebook links aren't allowed here.
[www.facebook.com](www.facebook.com)
It might have started as satire, but it isn't being spread as satire, but as fact.
> They way mind manipulation works with the old is this: you can tell them all the bad stuff, and then they believe it. 

It is scary that is so simple.
So, fuel levels aren't actually a concern and drunk pilots aren't actually a concern.  What was your point?
They had no reason to talk about it because it is too late in the process to add those things to 11.3.  They also weren't planning on releasing it since the GM hadn't even been released.  Basically, they had no reason to talk about it.
Yesterday's event wasn't about iOS, just education-related work.
> Its not uncommon that budget airline flights had to land unplanned because they ran out of fuel.

That's a new one for me.  Never heard that excuse before.

>Also, I like my pilot and airplane technic sober and properly trained. 

That's a new one, too.  Every complaint about budget airlines I've heard was centered around features.  The safety of the airlines was never a question.
How about no.
It sounded like the other kid was just unlucky, not intentional.  He shot two rounds, one into his ex's head and one into his own head.
At a church recently, a guy brandished a gun to shoot someone.  A bystander was able to grab the gun out of his hand, stopping the shooting.  However, police arrived and saw this guy with a gun in his hand and shot him.
11.3 will be released in the near future.  That's the most solid information Apple has released.
I remember the carrier update.  I got super excited when my phone started showing 4G, so I ran a speed test to see how much faster it was now.  It was no faster.  I went to AT&T's website to look at their coverage map and noticed that every area that used to be labelled "3G" was now labelled "4G".  They literally just changed what they called it.  That's it.
The event was this morning. Where’s the update?
[System Status](https://www.apple.com/support/systemstatus/) page shows 4 issues, so this isn’t just you.
[System Status](https://www.apple.com/support/systemstatus/) page shows 4 issues, so this isn’t just you.
[System Status](https://www.apple.com/support/systemstatus/) page shows 4 issues, so this isn’t just you.
[System Status](https://www.apple.com/support/systemstatus/) page shows 4 issues, so this isn’t just you.
[System Status](https://www.apple.com/support/systemstatus/) page shows 4 issues, so this isn’t just you.
It is going to be in a low orbit.  The satellites will deorbit fairly quickly.  No big deal.
This was an education event today, 11.3 was not expected to be announced.
The FBI investigates terrorism, so broadening simple crimes to also be terrorism just because someone got scared means that the FBI would have to investigate crimes that would be more appropriately handled and the local or state level.  The FBI are not the police.
Not only that, there's a point where we are too close to the election.  That isn't some murky line, it is spelled out specifically in the law: "Before this day: hold an election.  After this day: don't worry about an election".
Then you'll get bank robbers accused of terrorism because they intended to cause terror in the bank employees.  There are numerous other crimes intended to cause terror or fear.  Lumping them in with terrorism does no one any favors.
The FBI defines domestic terrorism as
> Perpetrated by individuals and/or groups inspired by or associated with primarily U.S.-based movements that espouse extremist ideologies of a political, religious, social, racial, or environmental nature.

As far as we know, he had no agenda.  Terrorists don't just cause terror, they use it to further an agenda.  That's the difference between a serial criminal and a terrorist.  Words have meanings and watering down "terrorism" to any crime that scares people makes crime and terrorism virtually synonymous.
I do what I can to help.
Wifi calling is the best.  It doesn't matter where I am, as long as I have wifi my phone works exactly the same.
All of it.
>"While we do receive some contributions from foreign individuals and entities, those contributions are made directly to the NRA for lawful purposes," NRA's General Counsel John C. Frazer wrote to Wyden in a letter obtained by NPR.

>"transfers between accounts are made as permitted by law," the NRA's general counsel wrote.

Their argument seems to be that taking money from Russia is legal, transferring money between accounts is legal, therefore, transferring Russian money to election funds is legal.  That doesn't give me the warm and fuzzies.
The shooter only fired 2 shots.  What rampage got stopped?  An armed SRO didn't prevent those shots.
Obama had a plan in place to transition coal workers to knew jobs as theirs disappeared.  Trump did away with it, but those jobs are still disappearing.  But at least Trump supports coal.
It sounds like you know the answer already, then.
Password attacks have become quite sophisticated.  Brute force isn't even used that often anymore.  Some dictionaries are hundreds of gigabytes in size and cover every word and common variations of those words, as well as common phrases, especially from the Bible, popular books, and top YouTube comments. "Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn" won't ever be brute-forced, however, a dictionary attack will find it quite quickly.
My first thought was "Here's someone that read the headline and didn't even bother to see if the answer was in the article."  So lazy.
I think I remember something about it not being worth it to bring gold bars back from the Moon.
They do it because they know people still click the link.  Might as well make it convenient for idiots to make their computers more secure.
Have you seen the rudder?  It is already tiny, smaller than most aircraft that size.
An iOS update was supposed to have already fixed it.  It didn't work.
> A soceity built on laws has to enforce those laws in a way that is consistent. He's been here since 8 and served in the military. We don't ship criminals off to Mexico.

Laws are being followed consistently, he didn’t do what he was supposed to while in the military, so we deported a criminal immigrant. Seems pretty fucking consistent to me. Here’s your goal posts. Don’t talk to me about moving them.
Military service can and does confer citizenship, provided you followed the processes set in place. Simply put, this guy did not follow the processes. Deploying has no bearing on this and whether it should is a separate argument. We don’t deport citizens, but we do deport criminals from other countries. Want to tell me more about what I don’t know?
How about this one? An immigrant violated the conditions of his green card by committing a huge crime and has been deported, according to the law. Almost 140,000 criminals were deported in FY2015, this is no different. And quit trying to play the military sympathy card. All he had to do was not fuck up and he got caught with over 20 pounds of cocaine. 20 pounds of cocaine is not something that happens to good people.
Crowdfunding sites don’t allow you to raise funds for criminals. The dude had multiple pounds of cocaine. This guy doesn’t deserve sympathy.
Is your docking port attached with the correct side out? There should be noticeable assistance once you get close, even with SAS.
Have you tried targeting the docking port itself?
Project Pluto.  It was a nuclear-powered missile that spewed radioactive material, flew at hypersonic speeds for months on end, and carried multiple nuclear warheads.  It could leave a huge path of destruction simply flying close to the ground.  During one engine test, the engineers watched from near a fallout shelter that had 2 weeks of supplies.
A pot is just a pan with taller sides.
1. It would take much more fuel than the station can carry.

2. They lost control of it, so there isn't really a choice.
If you're going all the way out to Jupiter, you might as well just hit Jupiter instead of the sun.
I see a lot of conjecture about how that photograph could be accomplished and just one post from someone claiming to have commissioned a painting based on it, claiming the photo is fake.  I'm not buying it.
> Is there some 4D chess going on here I am not seeing?

No, just some 36DD chest going on.
I encountered the fake yearbook one this morning.  I hadn't seen it before.
Want to back that crazy statement up?
I find this story strange because I’ve never seen an ambulance arrive before a fire truck.
I got a valve on mine and some tubing. The most time-consuming part of changing the oil is warming up the engine!
Every few weeks I see a handful of ads. My secret? I report every single one as irrelevant or that I keep seeing it. After a couple days, I don’t see any ads for quite a while.
He didn’t fulfill his obligations. You basically only have to enlist and then not fuck up and he couldn’t even manage that.
I've never run into an Italian that didn't understand English.
I’m not assigning my own meanings. I’m just telling you that the law says terrorism has a certain definition and the Department of Defense has work that expands on what some of the words mean. It isn’t my fault that you hear the word “terror” and automatically think it must be “terrorism”. It is definitely your fault that you still won’t accept facts and choose feelings instead. That doesn’t mean I’m defending criminals, it just means you don’t understand something that you claim to.
I used to wonder why people thought Apple Maps is bad, then I moved to a city where it is bad. I’ve reported so many things!
> “We applaud the many courageous young Americans exercising their First Amendment rights today,” said White House deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters. 

Deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters is a funny way to spell President Donald Trump.
I know it sounds weird to you, but that’s because you Have the wrong idea about what terrorism is.
Good talk, buddy. Is it past your bedtime?
I didn’t realize anti-government was a liberal cause. I’ve been so misled!
Irons are shaped kind of like arrows.
No, terror is a terrorist’s means, not an end. Social objectives would include animal rights, abortion, ecology and the environment, anti-government,and ethnic, race, or minority rights.
I could do without the tracker counting down the exact seconds. We don’t even have an exact date yet, just a small estimated date range.
Yes
Despite appearances, orientation does not matter. You will definitely need to retract any and all antennas on descent. You will be able to extend them once you land.
What social objective was he trying to accomplish through terror?
Huh what?
Someone here likened a trade war to taking turns kicking each other in the nuts. It hurts like hell and nothing is better for it.
They don’t enforce it very well, though. They’ll kick you out if they see a gun but they won’t search you to find a hidden gun.
Even better. Most guns were illegally used and illegally obtained, then.
Sure, laws don’t matter.
> Terrorism is defined in the Code of Federal Regulations as “the unlawful use of force and violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government, the civilian population, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of political or social objectives” (28 C.F.R. Section 0.85). 
Terrorism is defined in the Code of Federal Regulations as “the unlawful use of force and violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government, the civilian population, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of political or social objectives” (28 C.F.R. Section 0.85).
Scott Manley tutorials, practice, practice, and more practice.
Many mass shootings in schools have actually ended with legally obtained guns being used to murder, followed shortly by being used for suicide.
I’d say the teacher in California that negligently fired a round in the classroom, injuring multiple students, was well-trained. Mistakes happen and if you make more opportunities for mistakes to happen, more mistakes will indeed happen.
Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it!
I’m going to bring this up next time someone suggests that more guns will make us safer. I already stumped them once by asking why casinos in Las Vegas ban guns on the floor even though the state is pretty relaxed about guns.
I read the “About” page on the NRA’s website a few minutes ago. The NRA today is not at all what is described on their “About” page. They’ve morphed into a swamp creature based not on science but on feelings.
We didn’t know anything about the bomber, though. The bomber could have been a black woman. The media didn’t bring up terrorism because it would have been extremely irresponsible.
All we knew was that there were bombs. We didn’t know who or why the bombs were there. Terrorism is using violence or the threat of violence to further a political agenda. We still don’t know why he did it, and until we do we cannot tell if it was terrorism or just serial bombings. Terrorism is more than just the what, the why is a key part.
Are we going to have to have a lesson in the basic definition of terrorism, again?
Still not enough to be terrorism.
Using children to attack something is not a thing in the US. That’s why it is theater, not security. I can’t find any news articles reporting that the TSA found a bomb on a child. I did find, however, that the TSA failed most of their checks. Even if a child was used to bomb a plane, the TSA probably wouldn’t have stopped it. That’s the problem. They do all these things and make a big show of it, but it doesn’t actually stop anything. That’s why it is merely theater, not security.
No, worse. It is patting down children and the elderly, big scanners that are easy to fool, enhanced patdowns for random people, checking names on easily-forged boarding passes against names on easily-forged IDs and not keeping any records of it. Things like that. 
The distinction is more subtle than that.  Security theater is security guards doing highly-visible things that don't actually improve security.  They are taking actions and calling attention to those actions but no one is actually safer for it.
I've seen lots of things about SpaceX on Facebook, not one of those involved SpaceX's page.
I've seen lots of things about SpaceX on Facebook, not one of those involved SpaceX's page.
I've seen launches mentioned several times on Facebook, but I didn't know SpaceX had a facebook page.
I asked someone what the solution was.  His response was literally "More guns".  I still haven't gotten him to answer my next question,"Who gets these guns?"
Not to mention, she's got twice as many brakes and wheels with larger contact patches.
I had a professor that gave open book tests. He warned us that he made the test harder than a typical test and we would fail if we didn’t understand the material.
No
Cool story, bro.
B-but Hillary was the war hawk!
That part strikes me as the most sinister part.  They make laws and then don't follow them when it is convenient.  The whole point of the second Tuesday in May is to say that after that day is too close.
Easy, think about it in the way that best suits the GOP: "before the second Tuesday in May**,** in the year in which a regular election is held."  That's obviously 2 separate clauses.  The seat has to be vacated before the second Tuesday in May and the seat has to be vacated in the year in which a regular election is held. That's just a wordy way of saying he "must promptly call a special election to fill any legislative seat that becomes vacant in the 4.5 months between Jan 1 and the second Tuesday of a regular election year".
No, it isn't.  A screen and a keyboard aren't the same thing. I don't know why you keep insisting otherwise.
There isn't, but the parameters are forgiving enough that eyeballing it will get you close enough.  I've had contracts complete while I was setting up a maneuver node to further refine my orbit because I was sure I wasn't close enough.
On the screen, of course.
I just pulled my iPad out. I don’t see a keyboard anywhere on it. It is glass on the front and smooth aluminum on the back.
NBC is bad, too.  I was watching the Olympics and it wouldn't let me pause the stream for more than a minute.
Duna is nice because it is relatively easy to reach and has a forgiving atmosphere for aerobraking.  If you can reach the Mun, you can probably use a very similar craft to reach Duna.
Because it basically is, now, but it wasn't at the time.
There's generally no guarantee for US buyers.  Credit cards often offer extended protection, though.  The Dreamcast just suddenly wouldn't turn on.
I tried to use an antenna where I live but there were channels that just wouldn't come in for no apparent reason.  It was very frustrating.
When I moved in, I discovered I could get 30mbps from Cox or 100mbps from Verizon for the same price.  30mpbs was a downgrade from my last house with a different company.  I don't agree with a lot of things that Verizon does but they were fairly transparent about what I would get and what the price would be while Cox made it difficult to learn more about their services.
It isn't exactly a battery issue.  I've experienced this on games with a brand new battery.  The 6S is capable of pulling a lot of power very quickly from a battery.  I could play Infinity Blade III for 30 minutes on my brand new iPhone 6S.
I thought an armed society was a polite society?
Technically, it would probably reduce the lifespan.  Realistically, I would expect no less than 10-15 years from any LED. The Iris has a lifetime of up to 20,000 hours, which is 2.28 years of being on continuously or 18 years of 3 hours per day.  Sounds like bad luck to me.  I loved my Sega Dreamcast until it died on day 93.  Of course, it had a 90 day warranty.
Regarding the mute switch, the entire point of it is that it exists as a physical indicator. You can look at it or you can simply feel it. If you aren’t sure, just toggle it and you’ll get feedback from the vibrator. I love the simplicity of it.
Back then relations were improving and Obama didn’t call because Putin told him to.
Every computer I saw growing up had a screen and a keyboard.  Sometimes they were attached and they often weighed several pounds.  An iPad is only a thin lightweight screen, it bears no resemblance to a traditional computer.
That lesson, in my experience, is "Pay attention to the people behind you".  Almost every accident I've heard of was the rider getting rear-ended.
They are all examples of user behavior, which they do analyze.

>last year we developed an Advanced Risk Analysis backend for reCAPTCHA that actively considers a user’s entire engagement with the CAPTCHA—before, during, and after—to determine whether that user is a human.
[Google Security Blog](https://security.googleblog.com/2014/12/are-you-robot-introducing-no-captcha.html).  It doesn't go into the specifics that I did, mine are merely guesses at certain aspects that they analyze.
Beta 6 was only released 3 days ago.  There's no way they are releasing 11.3 to the public tomorrow.
People of similar race and economic class tend to live close to each other.  You know those neighborhoods, poor and rich, when you enter them.
They are very resilient.  It also helps that the weight of the vehicles going over is mostly on the other tires.  Take a balanced car that weighs 3,000lbs.  Each tire is carrying 750lbs and that weight is then distributed over approximately 37 inches^2 per tire, yielding only 20 psi.  Throw in some speed and that increases a bit.  That's easy to handle.  The actual reflector is then embedded and protected in the housing, so it gets hit by much less force.  It seems like a lot of weight and force to handle at first glance, but it actually isn't that much.
It works by analyzing when and how the box is checked, often by analyzing mouse movements.  If it determines the mouse took at least a certain amount of time to reach the box, took a non-linear path at varying speeds, and did not click the exact center of the box, it was most-likely clicked by a human.
Orbital parameters only inform possibilities of a satellite’s use. There’s nothing special or secret about it. The paid employees probably found it long ago. Like a rocket launch, they can’t be hidden.
Orbits aren’t classified, they simply can’t be because anyone can look up and see them.
Some time ago, they changed how their data is connected so someone can’t do what CA did. They are in the business of gathering and controlling information and CA did more than Facebook intended.
I’m not saying that Facebook is necessarily the victim or that it was unintentional, but this article sounds very similar to victim blaming. Creating the possibility of misuse is very different from actively exploiting the possibility.
I'm pretty sure the cars Google is working on can read body language and determine if it should go or wait for someone to cross.
Battery life and charging it aren't even an issue.  It lasts 2 months on a full charge that only takes 2 hours and last all day on a 2 minute charge.  It isn't a big deal, just don't be a retard.
But you're better because you want to defend a known drunkard that engaged in extremely dangerous behavior.
> This guy shouldn't pay a heavier price just because other people have been screwed.

No, this guy should pay a heavier price because he's the one that screws the other people.
We are sure he was driving drunk because he was passed out in his running car on the side of the road. Are you going to come up with some grand conspiracy as to how he ended up in that situation without having driven himself there? Plus, it is rather fucking convenient that a judge gets off on a technicality when those technicalities get ignored with regular folks.
So it's OK because no one got hurt this time? He blew a .16, struggled on the field sobriety test, the officer smelled alcohol.  He was on the side of the road, passed out in a running vehicle.  This is only getting thrown out on technicalities when it is blatantly obvious that he was very drunk.  No one gets to the age of a Judge and isn't aware of how much they've had to drink.  Why are you defending this drunkard so much?  Are you simply ignorant?
All I want to know is, when did Rey learn to swim?
>He wasn't driving when the cops found him; he was pulled over on the side of the road and asleep.

How do you think he got to the side of the road?  Surely you've heard multitudes of stories of people trying to be responsible and sleep it off in the back seat and still getting in trouble.  This guy should absolutely get the same treatment as everyone else.
If you put it in a spot where the mouse can still be used, you might as well have saved some money and bought a wired mouse, right? The battery doesn’t matter if you leave it plugged in. This design forces the user to use the product as intended.
Just to piss you off.
Wireless mice are a crappy design then. They all create an avoidable problem of having a battery that must be charged or changed.  Wired mice also create an avoidable problem of having a cord. All designs are crappy in one way or another and the user must be informed of proper operation of any equipment.
Those are much harder to quantify on a per device basis when you have multiple new devices from the same company.  For example, how do you split up R&D costs for the iPhone 8 that got applied to the iPhone X?
You don't need an outlet, just a USB port and the cable.  You'll know when it is running out because it will tell you.  All these issues are solveable by thinking ahead more than 5 minutes.
You can't spare a few minutes to let it charge?  It isn't Apple's fault that you can't plan ahead. 
Switching to grayscale in Photoshop preserves the color information.  You can then adjust the color levels to emphasize certain aspects of an image.  OP must be confused.
The technical part is pretty simple and satisfying, especially after you've done the hard part of figuring out what color each object is supposed to be.
I always know beforehand when I need to have my phone on silent. Yep.
I have an iPad but I don't use it frequently.  Needing to quickly switch off the ringer is more of a phone thing.
So he’s definitely getting fired this week. Got it. Get your pitchforks ready!
> Escalation leads to escalation. Not every time, but overall it does. The more you escalate in violence, the more violence you get in return. We've been through this. We know this.

That’s a good point. I imagine many of my gun-toting Republican friends will be familiar with escalation of force, so this seems to be a foot in the door.
A design is good or bad regardless of the price one paid.
I don’t see how that clause can be valid.
Bad design becomes good design because it is free. Fuck that noise.
A large amount? Like in ice cream?
They work great. They are more like cardboard.
They also have Captain Morgan and Coke slushees. That was a good day!
No offense, but those probably come in a 5-pack so you’ll have a spare.
Sugar depresses the freezing point. It is why sugary alcoholic drinks don’t freeze in their machines.
I'm spending less than that on 4 round-trip tickets during a major holiday weekend.
Why do they have to be psychopaths? Most CEOs aren't psychopaths.
As far as I know, it hasn't been tried before and Trump is really bad at it.  We know what successes in government and business look like and that's not what we are seeing.
Trump ran on governing like a business, so naturally his failures should be put in that context to magnify them.
Yes, the pen works.  It makes tiny lines, though.
That was quite informative! I knew the marker was slightly transparent, but I didn't realize it would always be slightly transparent after multiple strokes. Bottom line: use the pen or rectangle tool for redaction.
I have 20,000 dog poop bags. My life has become decidedly less awesome.
"It looks like" is too non-committal.
The bombs, sure. That the victims were connected? Not mentioned at all.
"Volunteering" for mars sounds way better than tripping and falling on a box of knives.
Trump probably thinks Bill Gates runs the Internet.  He respects massive success like that.  I have no doubt Trump is going to ask him to turn the internet off for some people.
Great tip.  This will be useful occasionally.  Hopefully I can remember it!
It would be deleting the auto-sum at the bottom of the columns and adding it back in. Recount completed.
> then he teaches Lil’ Donny how to palm a basketball

I read that as "baseball" and chuckled to myself.
I can already see in the thumbnail that it says "Space Shuttle Explosion".  The Shuttle itself didn't explode, aerodynamic forces ripped it apart when it started pointing away from the direction it was traveling.
Northern Hemisphere, most likely. There's no way to know a more specific location.
Don't want to be a dick, but I'm going to be a dick anyway.
I didn't know there was a Los Angeles in Florida.  Wait, he actually went to California?  It took him long enough.
It is actually a literal last-second burn, 1 second before touchdown.  It is softer, but not soft!
Yep, receiving oral sex while driving.
Why did you blur out Trump's name?
My wife asked what "road head" was in a game.  I was too afraid to tell her, in front of her mother, that she's done it before.
I typically use HomeKit and occasionally the Hue app.
That one made me laugh.
Does the current wall pay for itself? Last time I checked, there was almost 600 miles of wall.
This is why I’m not a rocket scientist.
This engine produces 550kN. SpaceX’s Merlin 1D produces 845kN at sea level.

ETA: I'm not a rocket scientician.
Absentee ballots are for those that live in a place but are unable to be physically present to vote. It could be due to a trip or military deployment or any number of other reasons.
No one goes anywhere on a Grom fast.  I've never gotten mine over 67mph, and that was downhill, with a tailwind, and pretty much at the redline.
Just reconfigure the switch to only change certain rooms and leave the outside lights off the list.
I have one that hangs out over the North Pole and one that hangs out over the South Pole.  This gives me practically constant coverage.
Access isn't a default windows tool, either.
We already have a wall, it just isn’t as big as what Trump wants. The Republican mantra: more walls, no more laws.
Don’t do it. If they want you to check email outside the office, they need to provide a device to do that. Keep work and personal things separate.
I recently got the local TV plan. My TV is plugged straight into the coax port in the wall. The channel setup is really weird. I have two of each channel that has HD. For example, I have a channel 3.1 that is SD and a channel 3.1 that is HD. I still haven’t figured out where many of the channels are.
It sure didn’t take long to go from “We found another planet!” to “We found a whole bunch with certain characteristics!”
No kidding. That’s why I’m asking for a solution.
I have no problem downloading pictures. iCloud works as advertised on my iOS devices. iCloud only downloads on my PC. Deletions on my PC don’t get communicated to my iOS devices and deletions on my iOS devices don’t get communicated to my PC. That’s the problem.
There’s alerts for new emails.
I remember taking a Calculus final exam.  Everyone had their phones on silent, in their backpacks at the front of the room.  You could hear each phone buzz as it received calls and texts.
> how do you expect him to get health care or a job without a place for them to send the bills to, or and address to put on the application?

I feel like you just got mad and didn't even think about potential answers to your questions.
The Air Force passenger jets come standard with leather seats but they pay extra for cloth simply because it looks like they saved money.
Hate to break it to you, but a homeless vet probably needs mental health care first, then a job and a house.  A free house is still expensive.
It wasn’t just the internet, my local news talked about it and they aren’t even in Florida.
That's iOS doing its thing automatically to make sure the phone runs smoothly.  It is the developers' fault if an app doesn't handle being shutdown well.  There's nothing you can do about it besides complain to the developers.
They have some interesting arguments, but they still go silent when you ask why Russia didn't claim it was a hoax.
No, but they just announced their outdoor line will be available in July.
So how did they keep the fake moon landings secret all this time?
Except for all those times when he isn't taking calls on the course.
My solution is to compare anything bigger than a pistol to a semi.  You can't drive a semi with the same license that you get to drive a car.  A motorcycle license doesn't entitle you to operate other vehicles.
I turned off James Bond(James Bond!) because I got sick of 5 minutes of commercials every 10 minutes.
I never thought it was a good look.
Hue White is a single color.  White Ambience gives the range of whites from warm to cool.
Because cost and price aren’t directly related. Amazon believes the Kindle one is worth more to more people than the hardback version.
He doesn’t personally know anyone that has any feelings about NASA that doesn’t already have a position in the administration.
Naturally, this post was 3 hours old when it showed up on my home page.
This was already covered yesterday.  Something about a glitch when the battery dies while disabled.
Fun fact: that wasn't a bank, but still cool.
You should let Business Insider know that they should only write an article about scientifically-interesting conjunctions ,too.  You still haven't said what's wrong with the article, btw.
De Beers hasn't had a monopoly in decades.  Why are we still talking about them?
The article isn't a scientific paper, just a "hey, all these planets are going to appear fairly close together".  There's nothing wrong with that.
The scary thing is lots of people still trust them.  After all, they do give the President his morning briefing.
Would you like to wake up to a swept floor every morning?
> ...Except that Jupiter and Saturn will be more than 40° apart?

What's the problem with that?
It was still there this morning.  I saw Saturn, Mars, and Jupiter.
It was the color of the suit that he couldn't take off that was the problem.
That's what you get for buying Disney on Ice tickets.  Also, the lady from the beach wedding is staring at me.  Hilarious!
I don't like the violence they show on TV, either.  A woman taking off her shirt on broadcast TV is not allowed but regulators don't care if you depict someone getting shot and their blood pooling underneath them as they die on primetime TV, when children are definitely awake and around the TV.
Nobody likes the devs anymore, so no one started up the hype train.
According to everyone here, apparently, De Beers is still the only company that mines diamonds.  They haven't had a monopoly in quite some time.
Considering De Beers' market share is going to climb to 40%, why would you assume anyone gets all their diamonds from De Beers?  They haven't had a monopoly in quite some time.
You need storage. I tried the same thing and found out the hard way you have to have storage to process ore.
I know someone that can't even cook rice in a rice cooker and following the directions exactly.
My republican facebook friends sure love to trot out memes that do make this argument.
From Ars Technica:
>Therefore, from the tower's inception in 2009, NASA will have spent $912 million on the mobile launcher it may use for just a single launch of the SLS rocket. Moreover, the agency will have required eight years to modify a launch tower it built in two years.

SLS is a boondoggle of mind-boggling proportions.
They actually do require power. Thanks for the handy link. From the wiki:

> For example the Command Pod Mk1 can generate torque up to 2.4 kNm per axis which requires up to 0.24 E/s or 0.1 E/(s·kN·m)
I remember speeding down the highway in the middle of nowhere in my grandmother’s Cadillac with my dad in the passenger seat and my mom and brother asleep in the back. He casually encouraged me to speed up, then some more, and more. Eventually, we were cruising at 95mph and the car wasn’t even breaking a sweat. It was our little secret.
Is nothing sacred anymore?
I remember landing once and taxiing for 20 minutes to the gate on the other side of the airport. That place is just too big!
> During highly intense Air Operations, a Nimitz is the busiest airport in the world, with launches and recoveries spaced two minutes apart. 

I remember when numbers like that used to impress me. I recently flew into DFW International and had to wait at a runway for a couple of minutes while 3 aircraft landed. That was just one of the runways.
I remember when dev posts always had huge numbers of comments. Now they often don’t even make it to the front page of the sub.
This is TIFU.  You didn't fuck up, they did.
I wasn't correcting you, I was clarifying your statement because it isn't quite that simple.  You're welcome.
The courts, should either party find it to be a reasonable course of action.
Well, everybody I know that also went to that dentist had "cavities", too. He wanted my money.
> Mixing expensive vodka with a bunch of sweet crap.

Here's a funny secret: most people can't even taste a difference between cheap and expensive vodka, even when they are trying.
I remember reading an article about the candidates' stances on Net Neutrality.  The article referenced Hillary's multi-page stance, written for the election and then referenced a Trump tweet from 3 years ago that sounds like he might have an opinion, because that's all they had to go on.
You say that like there's something wrong with what they are doing.
You mean the person that the paper now calls "some of the worst reporting to appear in this newspaper"?  That's the difference.  The NYT issues retractions and corrections when it discovers something isn't right, Fox just moves on to the next entertainment piece.
> Any contract is enforcable, unless determined otherwise in a court of law.

You could have stated that a bit more clearly.  Courts have determined that something being in a contract doesn't automatically make it enforceable.  A EULA could state that any children born after accepting the EULA are owned by the company but that clause isn't enforceable, nor does it invalidate the entire EULA.
Drugs are bad, ok?
As opposed to the opposite totally unbiased source our President uses that never retracts false stories.
And you don't know if someone blew up all over the toilet and some is lurking under the seat.
And here I thought they were being lazy not cutting all the way through.
I use Sleep Cycle.  I give it a half-hour window to wake me up and I fell much better waking up.
I remember when the original iPhone didn't support 802.1x authentication, so I couldn't connect to my university's wifi.
I went to a dentist after I moved and got told I had 4 cavities.  I had doubts because I hadn't had any kind of pain and had never had even a single cavity.  I went to a second dentist and didn't mention the previous dentist and, surprise, they didn't find any cavities.
I have the opportunity to volunteer for a job that supports White House operations and think it would be an amazing job, just not right now.
But they didn't file it under their Opinion section, so they are claiming it as fact, not opinion.
Are they not all on the SpaceX YouTube channel?
The half-mile range is very suspicious. I don’t believe the aircraft would even allow a launch since the missile requires more distance to arm.
That's not what the linked article says at all.  The article claims the missile effectively ignored American flares, because that's what they used during development, but not other flares.  Testing revealed this to be true.
Probably a streetlight.
I didn't even notice anything wrong with your title until after I clicked.
Starbucks espresso has a normal amount of caffeine, according to their nutrition facts.
Non-profit doesn't mean they can't make money.  Until recently, the NFL was also non-profit.
And not every bullet from a cannon will bring down an aircraft.  That Su-22 was taken down by another missile and they've determined the cause of the miss, so I'm not too worried about missiles being less than 100% effective.
I'm trying to get through Fire and Fury and it is so fascinating, but I feel like I'm also reading its sequels when I catch up on the news.
Is this a real game or one of those ones that gives you an almost perfect score regardless of how you actually did?
Exactly.  The Sidewinder missile was introduced in the '50s has only a superficial resemblance to the Sidewinder that gets used today.
> At the time, I thought I was doing the responsible thing by NOT driving.

I recently heard of a group of guys that tried to walk home from the bar, instead of driving.  Instead of DUI, they got Public Intoxication.  I'm sure that's totally the right message to send.
Virtually every solid booster is designed to produce different amounts of thrust at different points.
The throttle setting is dependent on the rocket and the payload. Some launches stay below 5Gs because that’s the most the rocket can handle and sometimes they stay lower, around 4Gs, like Hispasat’s satellite launched last night.
Plus, South Korea just hosted the Winter Olympics and his VP attended the opening ceremony.
I didn’t notice before that the legs have holes with the same covers as the holes in the fairings.
Practice.  The practice again.  Then practice some more.  Also, if you rendezvous on the dark side, get as close to 0 relative velocity as you can and simply wait for sunrise. Either that, or lights.
The History Channel only shows history for a couple of hours in the morning these days.
That's why they rebranded to The Living Channel.
The easier way to do it is using highly eccentric polar orbits, one with apoapsis above the North Pole and one above the South. you get practically continuous coverage and you don't have to worry about being super precise with your launches and orbits.
My apartment application had several PDF forms but they weren't configured to actually be forms, so I had to print them out, fill them out, and then scan them instead of just typing in the forms.
I just moved halfway across the country. My realtor laughed at me and said “Good luck!” when I said I wanted a garage. People that don’t use their garage must have forgotten or never learned how nice it is. It is 100°/0° outside? Who cares when the garage is almost room temperature? Pouring down rain? Who cares? It doesn’t rain in the garage. Quarter-sized hail? Ok, I’m worried about the roof now, but my car is safe! Everything outside is covered in ice? Not my car, because I parked it in my garage. It is already warm and the windows clear.
Well, if you’re going to take the time to spread commentary, make sure what you’re spreading is true and factual. You led others to believe that the NASA camera uses film, which is not true, and I was simply setting the record straight.
Someone linked it right here, you’re completely wrong about the camera. It uses crazy digital processing, not film.
I love my Roomba. I wake up every day to vacuumed floors.
I remember a night in Texas when I tuned in Radio Sweden. It was incredible.
And it is often at a deafening volume.
I find this helps me learn an area better and I need a map less often finding new places.
My last house was recently “renovated” and one of the additions was knobs on the kitchen drawers. I took all the knobs off right below the counter because my pockets kept snagging.
I’m posting this twice so it doesn’t get missed by someone else. Polar orbit are simply orbits with an inclination close to 90°. The period and altitude don’t have to be any particular value.
I’m posting this twice so it doesn’t get missed by someone else. Polar orbit are simply orbits with an inclination close to 90°. The period and altitude don’t have to be any particular value.
That’s not what I’m saying and you know it.
> The glass bowl model didn't mix all the way to the bottom. Ugh.

The instructions on mine had a section on adjusting it.
The pasta machine attachment is almost as expensive as the mixer itself. Is it worth it since a decent stand-alone pasta machine costs less than half as much?
If the firearm is obviously illegal, sure, the police should do something about it. However, immigration status is not obvious.
Someone not in the country legally can be deported. That’s pretty serious. You wouldn’t get deported because you got caught speeding but that’s basically the same level of civil infraction.
The tricky issue is that not all undocumented immigrants have crossed the border illegally. There are many legal ways to enter the country.
Your registration is also displayed on the car. Your license expiration date is listed on your license. There’s nothing to look up in a database. Determine someone’s immigration status is more difficult. How do you catch someone that entered the country legally? We already have a department that deals with immigration. Let them deal it and let the cops deal with other things.
That is truly only mildly infuriating.
Dirt detect doesn’t move in a spiral, just a circle over one spot. It turns on a blue light, though. Perhaps there’s a production issue that’s messed up the light, or something else.
They shouldn’t be checking immigration status like they check warrants because an improper immigration status is only a civil infraction, not criminal like a warrant. Most traffic infractions are also civil, but those can be caught without regard for the driver.
I remember a local candidate in 2016 that listed several “Issues” on his campaign website but he didn’t mention where he stood on those issues.
Crappy design or I’m too stupid to know what I’m looking at?
Is there a blue light that comes on when it does that? If there is, that’s the dirt detect algorithm. It will focus on one spot until it determines that spot is no longer especially dirty.
The media isn’t the problem. Politics was exceedingly boring until the Presidential election cycle. I didn’t know r/politics existed until Trump ran for president.
$8 billion is not a small price to pay. It is a huge price on top of other huge prices. The science is going to be awesome, but the spending has gotten out of hand.
I thought it was immediately obvious.  You can see through CZ but not diamond.
Fox isn't a news network, they are an entertainment network.  The news networks still have fact checkers.
I don't believe elections, and therefore democracy, is ever a waste of money.
"Sorry boss, I'm broke so I can't come to work today."
Fake news, it isn't even 11 o'clock yet.  Oh wait, this is from yesterday.  Nevermind.
Clock does not attempt to track sleep, only In Bed times.
Dealerships have people that get paid to "help out people".  This is not the place for it.  I'm here to read and talk about Groms, not looking to get a good deal.  If I wanted to buy another for a good price, I know how to do that.  You sound like that pre-screen opt-out website: "How will you know about these great credit card deals if we don't send you 10 offers every day?"
> You shouldn’t bother the Cache. Why need to clear them?

Sometimes it fills up when it shouldn't.  iOS still has bugs.  Shocking, I know.
I've put hundreds of hours into it and still have accidents.  I was super proud of a Laythe rendezvous I set up until I was almost there and realized I was going the wrong direction and the capture burn would be longer than the encounter.
I'm not infusing the cream.  That's what you're missing.  Step 1 of limoncello is steeping lemon zest strips in the highest-proof alcohol you can get your hands on for weeks.  That only takes minutes in a whipped cream dispenser due to the high pressure.
I'd recommend it.  You have to try to put yourself in a bad situation.  Acceleration on it is modest, at best, so it won't get away from you.  Mine costs about $10/month on insurance and I fill it up with a gallon of gas every couple of weeks.  The most expensive part of owning one is the safety gear that you should be wearing.
What about $1 billion to refurbish a $200 million launch tower that will likely only be used once?
I used to think it was really good now but then I moved to an area where it is very much not good.  It has taken me down roads that don't exist, given me directions to the backside of stores, you name it.
And those maps are more accurate than most other maps, too.
The article claims 5 days of standby and only a few hours of talk time, so it doesn't even get good battery life.
Plus, most of the building in a city that size don't noticeably stick out in 3D, either.  Also, a city of 120k isn't necessarily by itself.  The DFW Metroplex is full of cities of 100k people but no one would say that living in any of those cities is living in a smaller town.
Even then, we have canned actual whipped cream that stays good for longer than it should.  Personally, I have a small dispenser that I use to make whipped cream and infuse various alcohols.  Why wait for 6 weeks for limoncello to infuse when I can speed it up to 5 minutes?
There are so many competing headlines about how crazy our own administration is that other stuff is just more noise.
Not really. It is a super old processor and the low-end of the iX line.
That’s because it isn’t where you set up that kind of thing. You put relationships and other personal information in contacts. She knows who my family is because I’ve noted that in each person’s contact information.
My 6S outperformed my i3 on almost every benchmark.
Jeez, my ancient computer with a second-gen Core i3 processor can play HD video just fine. Modern phones are more powerful and somehow suck more at the same time.
That's a fair point, but I really mean insanely expensive, even for DOD standards.
From my republican friends, yes.
"Orbital kinetic strike" sounds really cool as a concept but it just isn't practical for a number of reasons, primarily it is insanely expensive and a strike can only occur when that rod is going to be passing near the target area.
I’m not sure how they work, either, but they are very similar to old incandescent bulbs.
Didn't Obama have a nephew or some distant relative denied a job in a minor department because he was related to Obama?
I'm not sure about 3-way bulbs, but normal bulbs are now halogen and use 25% less energy than an incandescent.
"So step 1, know as well as a doctor how sick your child is."

This is not a reasoned, empathetic, human response.  I've reported your inflammatory comments.
> Because gasp the medical profession isn't cheering on the death's of children due to slightly late patients that had to take the bus.
> 
> That's only happening in the reddit comments on a Fox News story. 

Don't say that like you aren't one of the ones cheering.
That's not exactly true anymore.  Verizon is shutting down its CDMA network next year.  Most of its phones don't even use CDMA anymore more since it is a 2G technology.
Never heard of that one before.  11.2.6 only fixes the recent Unicode flaw.  It didn't do anything else.
You say gold has a mostly-assigned value and then you listed 3 things that give it intrinsic value while also leaving out a fourth thing: it doesn't corrode.  There is no other metal that does all that, so the value must be intrinsic
Electric cars don't have alternators or generators attached to the wheels in addition to the motors.  Electric motors and generators are basically the same thing but with opposing energy flow.  Electric cars send electricity to the motor to move and then allow electricity to flow back from the motor as it slows down.  However, an electric motor, because it is also a generator, will generate electrical feedback so it can only spin a certain speed for a certain amount of electricity.  This is why a simple motor attached to a battery will only spin so fast and slow down as the battery weakens.

There is no exhaust in this process, only heat generated from inefficiencies in the system.
Get an LED 3-way bulb.  I did that a couple of years ago after replacing messed up 3-way incandescents every couple of months and haven't had to replace a bulb since.  A cheap incandescent 3-way bulb that works as long as a cheap regular incandescent bulb does not seem to exist.
That's not your original claim, though.  You claimed that trying harder at something automatically makes you better than someone else at that something, which is frequently demonstrably untrue.
Focusing on the camera doesn't make it better than another camera.  They could focus on it and it still end up being a crappy camera.  That kind of thing has happened before.
I thought pay-per-text died a decade ago.
I was arguing with a Republican on Facebook yesterday that said guns should not be available to the mentally impaired and gun control is bad. I’m sure they felt silly when I pointed out that keeping guns out of their hands is, in fact, gun control.
Unencrypted email is exactly like sending post cards.  Anyone along the path can read it.
I'm not asking for me.  Don't be a snowflake and melt at the first bit of heat. Defend your idea or admit you're wrong.
Why not?
You should have just bought the whole bundle instead of individually. If you don’t like the price, don’t buy it. No one is forcing you to buy it. Bitching about it won’t fix your problem. Yes, this is your problem.
Fun fact: most of the US ICBM radars are in the northern parts of the country because going over the North Pole is the shortest distance between the US and Russia.
If everyone else is going 5 over, you should, too. Speed doesn't kill, differences in speed kill.
My uncle snuck out through the bathroom window when his date got slightly drunk on wine.  He's old now and still single somehow.
Some places call them fire bottles.
Hyundai.  The first time I saw it was a 2007 BMW, so I'm not surprised you guessed a German brand.
Honestly, if someone turns on their blinker and doesn't do anything for 10 seconds, I'm already assuming it was an accident they don't actually intend to change lanes.  My blinker can do 5 blinks automatically with a single touch, so I use the first 3 as warning and move over during the next 2.
Yes.  That's how the lowest point is determined.  The difference between sea level and the lowest point in Death Valley is 16mmHg, a very noticeable and easily measurable difference.
I don't give a shit what the price is if I don't need gas.  The point is, I buy gas from the cheapest easily-accessible station when I'm low on gas.  This does not occur on a daily basis.
The whole point of the bundle price is to give you an incentive to buy both at the same time.
Because "The savings is an incentive to buy both games at once."
I'm not sure how Polish Special Forces are relevant to a Japanese motorcycle.
> Everyone buys gas on a daily basis unless they live in a high pub trans area. 

I’m not sure what you mean by that. I buy gas on a weekly basis and drive to work every day.
Yeah, you're right.  It was definitely blood and blood on the marble that were disgusting.
I don't really have any problems with Siri.  I don't use Hey Siri often because it doesn't work when my phone is in my pocket.
I'm not sure it was blood that was the problem, it was blood on the beautiful marble floor that was the problem.
I'm sure every police officer that stood outside told themselves something along this line.  After all, that's what they signed up to do. Yet when the time came, they still failed to muster the courage to actually do it.  Trump has repeatedly and actively avoided situations like this, so why would anyone believe him?
A mountain will never pay off, no matter where it is located.
It will definitely reduce fuel requirements and reduce the delta V required, but it won't be significant in any way.  Pitch-over could occur slightly earlier, reducing gravity losses slightly and aerodynamic losses will be reduced slightly.  It took a Falcon 9(CRS-12) only about a minute to reach the height of Mount Everest and it was going only about 300m/s by that point.  Would starting higher help?  Sure, however, height isn't what puts you in orbit and the energy spent getting higher is a small fraction of the energy spent going sideways fast enough.
The cops in my area, at least the motorcycle cops, won't bother you if you're practicing in an empty parking lot.  They actually encourage it and will readily tell you which lots are best.
I don't use it because I think it is silly to record my time in bed but then not take the logical next step and attempt to determine whether I'm sleeping.
A major part of every security clearance investigation is determining who holds your debts in order to determine if they have dangerous leverage.  Why should our President's debts should be any different?
What a load of bullshit.  Using information that also happened to be in the dossier is not the same as relying on the dossier.
Sure, the government could do all that, but the potential downsides stop them. You completely failed to mention the leverage that SpaceX has. The government isn’t a single entity, but groups that have their own goals and budgets. Undue ressure on SpaceX, just for a backdoor, could easily result in SpaceX raising prices, artificially limiting availability, or refusing to accept new contracts from government agencies. This will have huge impacts on those agencies. Th DOD and NSA could easily blow their budgets, with very public ramifications. A last minute switch of a couple of launches to ULA or other service would cost billions and have oversight agencies screaming bloody murder and launching inquiries. It would be a huge scandal. The reasons and methods for punishing SpaceX will not stay secret. It would never work.
There’s a spot in Georgia(US), I believe, where F-15s are serviced at a depot and part of testing is a high altitude supersonic run. They do them at the same time every week and give residents a number to call if anything breaks from the sonic boom.
I was taught years ago in business school that the best way to climb the corporate ladder is to jump to the next highest rung on another ladder. Company loyalty is dead. Those $1000 bonuses that companies announced due to the tax cut were handed out to employees that had been there for 20 years. 20 years and all they got was a small bonus for it.
SpaceX is not beholden to the US Government. They are mutual customers: SpaceX is a launch ground services customer to the government-run launch facilities and the government is SpaceX satellite launch services customer. The US government is not their only customer. There are a multitude of reasons why the government can’t force SpaceX to include a backdoor.
I love it, especially later in the summer.
It is a new novelty account that I’ve run into elsewhere.
Bases put on shows and open houses regularly, they love to show off their gear.
CarPlay doesn’t support Google Maps.
She still is /s
Not really like that at all.  This contract was for aerospace parts with very strict requirements.  The only thing unusual was the contract size, not that it didn't have competition.
The article very clearly stated that sole-source contracts aren't unusual, especially for aircraft parts, it was the large value that was unusual.
> No, this has been typical for years.

The article even said as much.  The only suspicious thing about it was the large value of the contract, not that there wasn't competition.
If you don’t want the public to touch your stuff, don’t take it in public.
I took a similar picture years ago during freezing weather, same style of wheel, too.
If your safety is threatened, take the note to the police. Otherwise, read the note, heed any good advice on it, and don't worry about it.  This isn't hard unless you want it to be hard.
Then let them be wrong.  There are legal protections and remedies in place for you.
Not on the third floor!
A note doesn't hurt anything.  Don't worry about notes unless they credibly threaten some sort of action.
My MIL lives in a complex with the worst parking.  Residents must have a parking sticker and visitors have to park in the visitor spots, fine, but there's something like 300 resident spots and 20 visitor spots.  The visitor spots are frequently 95%-100% full at all times from residents that can't get a sticker because their car doesn't have current registration.  To top it off, the towing service frequently prowls the lot, so parking in a resident spot is very risky.  So this place has loads of empty parking spots but, as a visitor, there's often no where for me to park.
A simple decision like that should not be stressful.
It doesn't activate when the proximity sensor detects something, apparently.  I had my phone face up but a folder covered the proximity sensor and Siri wouldn't activate.  It also doesn't work upright facing out in a shirt pocket.
If you set her up, she'll know who your wife is.
An armed police officer on the premises didn't prevent the attack, so why would armed teachers?
I'm pretty sure answering the phone at all does that, too.
I've had different problems with both.
Generally, iOS is really good at managing how much memory and background processing an app is using.  Manually closing an app can actually use more power since there's more the device has to do and more to do when you open the app the next time.
She told me, "I'm right here" when I last used it.
My dryer has a shoe rack that sits in a couple indentions and rests on the door frame.
If you’re going that far to find the distance the spacecraft needs to travel, then you might as well calculate the actual orbital transfer distance, not the straight line distance.
Buzzfeed had an article about how Facebook puts highly commented posts at the top of people's news feeds and the author shared a really boring video that was at the top for days on end because people kept commenting on it.
Most of my tax cut is going to be going into increased gas taxes.  Do you think those gas taxes are going to go down when my tax cut goes away?
To be fair, he was told those farmers were planting explosives next to roads so they'd bloom when convoys drove past.
I know I’m getting garbage, but I’d rather pay a few bucks for better garbage than a lot for fancy BT garbage.
That was the original excuse on the 7. That quote is from their tear down of the 7 Plus.
I don’t know. I threw it out with the rest of my garbage.
No, it was a piece of plastic. iFixIt says “No fancy electronics here, just some well-designed acoustics and molded plastic”.
I already spent 4x more on earbuds than shitty wired ones that sound better and work every time.
But $10 earbuds work all day every time.
Jesus Christ not this again. The new haptic engine occupied literally none of the space formerly occupied by the headphone jack.
I bought some Bluetooth headphones and couldn’t make it through a movie on my phone because the sound lagged so much everyone looked like their words had been dubbed.
One time the captain told us we should find the bottoms of our drinks. That was a nice way of putting it.
I wasn’t the one that downvoted you, but since you’re being a crybaby about imaginary internet point, have another downvote. And do please try not disparage people’s intelligence when they correct you. It makes you look bad.
[This article](https://arstechnica.com/science/2014/05/beyond-gravity-the-complex-quest-to-take-out-our-orbital-trash/) explains that the growth of orbital debris has become self-sustaining in LEO. Multiple launches have been delayed or delays were considered due to orbital debris. Every launch operation includes an analysis of potential junk that could impact the rocket or payload. You want to tell me again it isn’t a problem now?
What do you mean it isn’t a problem? Kessler Syndrome is happening right now in certain orbits and they absolutely do watch for debris at launch. More than one launch, including one a decade ago, has been delayed by orbital debris.
Not just theory, it is happening now in some orbits.
Not to mention, you really only want 3 rolls but you have to buy 9 or 1.
I made something similar, but with more landing legs and more airbrakes in about the same spots. I had the hardest time docking, though.
The GOP talking point now is the investigation can be ended since they found something.
SSDs are still flash.
The Arch included in the glovebox also contains information needed to build the devices necessary to fully decode it. That alone is a treasure trove of data.
In a basic orbital system, that’s true. The solar system is not a basic orbital system. It will likely return to a similar point but it will never return to the same point. Even objects in Earth orbit move around since Earth’s gravity isn’t uniform.
The Arch has increasingly complex data on it that all leads to instructions on how to build something that can read it.
They were talking about how a poll showed people were giving credit to Trump for the great economy while a little box in the corner showed the Dow was down 620 points and still dropping. The hypocrisy was outrageous!
2 satellites in opposing polar Molniya orbits. The spend the vast majority of their time high over the poles, providing a connection approximately 99% of the time.
This article makes it sound like an accident. Musk originally planned an orbit that reached Mars but decided to keep burning to see how much farther it could go.
It wasn’t really the plan but they did exceed the originally planned orbit intentionally.
We’ve sent numerous probes through the belt. Only 2 saw an asteroid and one of those saw 2 asteroids.
The craft is moving so fast that air can’t get out of the way, so it very quickly compresses and increases in temperature.
And the timer icon spins when a timer is active.
Don’t forget how often Trump comes out and then says he really meant it the way people originally understood it, throwing his own spokespeople under the bus.
You want AirDrop to assume that a device is still available instead of checking first? If it did that, I bet you’d complain that the Mac you just turned off is still showing on the list. It checks every time because it can’t assume anything.
It is underrated because it is overpriced. I want an iPhone X but I don’t $1,000-want an iPhone X.
I got a survey from the US GOP. The cheap-asses provided an envelope to return my responses but I had to put a stamp on it. I planned on dropping it off at my local rep’s office, instead, but got busy.
I called AT&T about a problem and somehow got connected with another customer. That was weird.
Someone was spoofing the number. They always spoof the number. Sometimes they’ll even spoof your number when calling you.
It was certainly odd and they definitely deserved derision for it, but I don’t think it was a ploy to make more money. You don’t make money by making people angry.
I think those spots are supposed to be on the snout. I think.
Yeah, I was really confused about your comment.
Not all bugs are user-facing and not all user-facing bugs face all users.
More versions than that.
Because it is interesting how a company known for its industrial design and attention to details can’t even give its own products consistent colors. When someone says “Rose Gold”, you get an idea of what that looks like and a specific example probably comes to mind. That is likely not the same “Rose Gold” the speaker had in mind. That is why these get upvoted.
They really only reused the casings. It is easy to assume too much when you say the SRBs were recovered and reused. They only barely meet the minimum definition of reuse.
Where the wheels touch the ground is the only place experiencing the weight of the truck. Bigger wheels spread the weight out more than smaller wheels. Different surfaces can only handle so much weight in a given area. Sand and dirt can’t handle as much weight in a small area so vehicles use larger wheels to spread the weight out and not sink in. Concrete and asphalt also have limitations but they are higher and the idea is the same. So vehicles use wheel sizes based on their weight and the surface they are on.
That’s simply not true and hasn’t been true since 1.0, years ago. The most efficient speed is terminal velocity and it climbs very quickly. Your rocket probably won’t ever hit terminal velocity on ascent.
Bullshit. Some headphone jacks had a large base, others didn’t. All of my non-Apple headphones worked as-is. Apple designing their headphones to work with their own products is expected. It had nothing to do with making people by more stuff.
This. I downloaded an app for work and a badge showed up on it one day and I couldn’t figure out why or how to get rid of it.
I read that as “task specific” and thought that must be the room where you murder people.
I feel that I’ve been generous so far. I’ve quoted numbers from the actual specification and linked to the appropriate page to support my statements. You’ve only argued on the basis of your own baseless authority as a random internet user. The burden of proof is on you to show that I’m wrong. Your nebulous answers like “reports” and “conjecture” are merely fluff, not substance.
[Here is the Bluetooth 5.0 specification](https://www.bluetooth.org/DocMan/handlers/DownloadDoc.ashx?doc_id=421043#page2536). It says:
>Note: The maximum output power for LE in v4.0, v4.1, and v4.2 is 10 mW.

This covers most common devices, Android or Apple. Table 3.2, on the same page, goes on to specify a maximum of 100mW for a class 1 device.
iPhone does not use BT classic, it uses BTLE. The maximum power draw is very clearly stated to be 10mW. A BTLE beacon can operate for years on a coin cell battery.
It isn’t a money issue. The military has far greater respect for personal time and personal possessions than most people realize. It is made up of people and run by people, not mindlessly-enforced rule books.
The Space Shuttle also drifted sideways at liftoff. You won’t notice it if you aren’t looking for it but it is obvious watching clips of it with the tower behind it.
Amazon’s Choice ear buds draw up to 200mW. BT on an iPhone draws 2.5mW to 10mW when active. An iPhone 8 battery is 6900mWh, so 3 months of BT usage. Obviously, the difference is negligible.
They are typically only carried when there isn’t a risk to the phone. It is a very important link back to family and friends. Bad guys generally already no where the nearest US base is, so it isn’t giving away things they don’t already know. The military is well aware of the risks and takes steps to mitigate them.
Yes, troops are always told when they are deploying to an “undisclosed location” to turn off location services on their devices.
Because the point is to get from popular point A to popular point B and bypass the congested free roads between those points.
The way my friend in the industry tells it, TxDOT builds the shittiest roads possible because they can. My friend’s company builds roads much sturdier because it reduces maintenance costs and encourages people to use them.
Yes, especially after they lost more than that by cutting taxes.
I’m conflicted. I know someone that was helping on the projects for new toll roads in the DFW metroplex. The stories he tells of the shoddy work of TxDOT compared to the work his company does are a bit scary. His company forced TxDOT to rebuild a road they were taking over because it was supposed to last 10 years but they estimated the 6 inches of asphalt TxDOT used would only last 2. They also turn off their tolls during icy weather to give people more routes while TxDOT keeps charging tolls.
It sounds like you’ve got it down.
You weren’t very clear on that. They made it the way it is because that’s how they want it to be. That’s it.
Yep. Apple could put CD drives on their computers but they choose not to. Car makers could put cassette tape players in their cars but they choose not to. Logitech could put IR blasters on their remote but they choose not to.
Because that’s the way they wanted it to be.
It is so you can put your devices where they can’t be seen. If you can’t see them, they can’t see your remotes. The hub solves this.
I have an idea. Enlighten me. We already know a contraption for cleaning the solar panels is not necessary, but if one was included, what’s wrong with my idea?
It isn’t exactly an off-the-shelf thing. A simple air compressor only weighs a couple pounds, at most. A space-grade one could easily weigh far less.
Oh my god. It might take a little thinking? No shit, Sherlock. A compressor requires moveable parts but a fan doesn’t? I’m not suggesting magic, just a relatively simple low-pressure compressor and a couple of nozzles. Obviously, we know it isn’t required.
Competitor? No. They operate in different market segments. RocketLab’s rocket is really only suitable for small rockets. Batteries are less energy-dense than kerosene and LOX.
A little air tank, a nozzle or two at the edge of the solar panels, and an air compressor could do the trick.

ETA: Oh man, of course the suggestion to mount a fan on a rover gets upvoted but a more practical system gets downvoted. Gotta love Reddit!
That doesn’t exactly help. A fully-loaded KC-135R can carry 200,000lbs of fuel, 55% the capacity of a VC-25’s fuel tanks, assuming it has enough fuel to rendezvous with Air Force One or hasn’t already topped off a NAOC.
So, doing iOS’s job for it? That sounds fun.
A nuclear apocalypse won’t just affect the US.
That sounds like a restart, to me. Apple has clear instructions on their website for various ways of restarting devices.
The best I could find was 144 hours. That assumes nothing else runs out or breaks, though. Things break or need to be replaced all the time on airplanes, thus the large amount of strict regulations.
Are you talking about a force restart?
You haven’t posted in 6 months and you’ve posted this video 12 times in the last couple days. Go away, spambot.
There’s a lot more to the logistics train than runways. Places with suitable runways would also need functioning compatible fueling systems as well as access to spare parts and expertise for repairs. A nuclear war would wipe out every base that has all of that and destroy the power grid, leaving airports with few, if any, functioning facilities.
Battlestar Galactica. It is intense and very dramatic.
It burns engine oil as it flies and will run out of oil in days. Also, it can only be refueled midair as long as the logistics train exists. In the case of a nuclear apocalypse, the bases the refuelers operates from would certainly be destroyed so there would either be no aircraft or no fuel to refuel Air Force One.
Until the engines run out of oil, which is the limiting factor.
You want to talk about bias and free passes? At no point have you blamed the man, with free will for his actions, and you keep screaming about how a woman forced him to do it by giving him a job. How did Hillary force him to harass women? Did she order him to harass specific women and threaten him if he didn’t?
I had to google that one to make sure. It turns out that hot water can freeze faster than cool water, but cold water never boils faster than hot water.
And yet he hailed government regulations as the reason no one died in a commercial plane crash in 2017. He stands by nothing.
I see. A man cannot harass women if he does not have a job. Hillary gave him a job, thus enabling him to harass women. Is that what you’re telling me?
Forgot to mention that. No, my lights are not on when it happens. They are set to auto and are not on when I have this issue.
Probably to put the rocket in the best position for a solar prograde burn. Launch in the afternoon carries the rocket around to the night side where it burns again for the target orbit. Just like they launch east for the extra orbital momentum from Earth’s rotation, they burn on the night side to get extra orbital momentum from Earth’s orbit around the sun.
How did Hillary Clinton enable him to harass women? Did he ask her for permission? He’s a subordinate with free will, not a slave.
Many of the accidents that I can recall at the moment either happened under normally typical circumstances, like landing short of the runway, or flying into a mountain. No one was screaming on the way down because no one knew something wrong, often not even the pilots.
Hillary wasn’t the one doing the harassment. But we should totally treat it like Benghazi, she didn’t have anything to do with it besides being the person ultimately responsible so it is her fault she didn’t personally do something/s.
You say “gun” and people get retarded, don’t they?
Not to mention, most wouldn’t even see the change since they tend to not roll features out to everyone at once.
You missed the second paragraph of the post.
The same way the sun is meant to be viewed?
I think it is called ISS and is visible across most of the world.
I bet he’d be amazed to learn that low-ranked military members often qualify for SNAP.
That’s what I loved about my old neighborhood. The houses were all backwards, with the front and the mailbox on the side opposite the street. The mailman had to get out and walk. He was a great guy, helped me find my dogs when I left the gate open accidentally.
She already did 99% of it but that last easy 1% is asking too much!
I already pointed out the problem with the way you are using that timeline so let me make it more clear: at which point in that timeline are the system checks performed? At which point do the astronauts board the spacecraft? My link explicitly states that it takes 8 hours to get to the point that Soyuz can undock. Your link only says they got in, it doesn’t say how long that took them.
Says who?
You’re link says nothing that backs up your claim. My information comes from [STS-133: NASA Considering Soyuz Flyaround to Photograph Discovery and ISS](https://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2011/02/sts-133-nasa-soyuz-flyaround-photograph-discovery-iss/)
He would simply go out for a while, but orbital mechanics dictates that one must “return to the scene of the crime”, so he’d actually mostly return after half an orbit. I say mostly because the gravity field isn’t uniform and atmospheric drag still very slightly exists.
Yes, it be undocked in 3 minutes. It takes hours of work to get to that point, though.
That timeline doesn’t include prepping for separation. That timeline starts at the command to separate. They considered using Soyuz during STS-133 to photograph the Space Shuttle. The first 8 hours of the 15-hour operation was prepping and undocking, followed by an hour of flight, then 6 hours of docking and preparations to open the hatch.
It takes hours to prepare a ship for undocking. For STS-133, the idea for using Soyuz to photograph the Space Shuttle was a 15-hour operation and only 1 hour of that was actually flying around. The first 8 hours was for prepping Soyouz and closing the hatch. That’s too long.
Ah yes, back when unlimited data was exactly what it sounds like.
Only a slight downgrade from the original iPhone. That’s what got me hooked. I had a slider phone that took 3 menus to set an alarm but the iPhone had it right there on the screen!
It isn’t their job to determine if the laws they pass are constitutional, that’s the court’s job, but they should at least try to pass constitutional laws.
This thread would have been much different if the title mentioned the bike was simulated.
Yeah, I’m not seeing it. Should I try to focus on the map view?
Calm down. I was just telling you that whatever you were trying to convey didn’t make it across because because I never had time to figure out what I was looking at before you switched views. It just didn’t work this time. Seriously, what even happened in that video?
The frequent cuts back to the map view made it very difficult to watch.
They get my name wrong so often I give them something simpler like Bilbo or Frodo.
This post and additional anecdotes demonstrate that cases don’t work reliably for protection. So skip the case.
Why waste money on a case?
Except when the case doesn’t work. Then you just wasted $50 on a case.
> I'm trying super hard to understand the logic behind everyone saying that a case is an impenetrable piece of armor and should protect your phone from every fall, big or small.

You’re trying too hard. Just try to understand my skepticism when a case can’t even reliably protect a phone from just a small drop. Don’t worry about big drops or drops onto rocks. I’m just mad that a case costs $50 and can’t protect a phone falling only 3 feet into the floor. That should be the minimum requirement and it still can’t do that. Why do they still sell? Because people are gullible and stupid, like you.
Personal experience and others experience indicates that it actually increases the odds.
What’s the point of a case that can’t even protect from a 3 foot drop?
A Defender wouldn’t have protected it. My wife’s phone broke from a 3 foot drop in a Defender she bought specifically to protect from small drops. She doesn’t waste her money on protective cases anymore.
My wife’s phone broke from a similar drop in a Defender. That was the last Defender she bought since my naked phones have survived bigger drops.
It is only a 3 foot fall. I’ve had naked iPhones survive bigger falls and I’ve seen other iPhones break from short falls in Otterboxes. Falls like this are why people buy Otterboxes in the first places.
It does, the wings just aren’t good for low-speed landings.
I’m pretty sure I saw one of these at r/iPhone. OP asked for everyone’s top 24 apps and everyone that posted refused to answer and was very accusatory.
You have to announce every satellite launch because it is literally impossible to hide a rocket launch. Stealth only comes in handy afterwards.
Napolitano said immigration laws were "not designed to be blindly enforced" without considering individual cases and circumstances. "Nor are they designed to remove productive young people to countries where they may not have lived or even speak the language. Indeed, many of these young people have already contributed to our country in significant ways. Prosecutorial discretion, which is used in so many other areas, is especially justified here," Napolitano wrote.
I know what your question is and my answer doesn’t change. Let me see if this is clearer: developing a rocket that can reach orbit is hard. Landing one is fucking hard as fuck and doesn’t matter if you can’t even put a payload in orbit. Which one are you going to do first?
The senate minority leader is the one in charge of Congress? That’s news to me!
Developing a rocket that can reach orbit is very hard. Landing one is even harder.
> Strangely enough, it was sent from California which is quite a distance from the scammers 404 area code of Atlanta, Georgia. This may mean there is a team who orchestrates this or the scammer is using an app for sending messages.

Or, it is someone that moved from Atlanta to California and didn’t get a new cell number. I haven’t lived in my phone number’s area code in 15 years. If you give me a 7 digit phone number, I assume you’re a local that has never lived anywhere else but the small town you’re in.
The silliest part of the whole thing is the OS update is under the App Store download limit but still requires WiFi.
OP doesn’t understand that solid state storage speed is based partially on the size of the drive. Because of the way SSDs work, bigger drives are also faster drives.
Paper goes out of date and can’t tell you there’s a more current version available along with what exactly changed.
Obama’s desk was only that empty for addresses. Every other shot of him at the desk has more than just a phone on it, even the ones where he isn’t supposed to be actively working. Trump’s desk is just a sad lie.
Never ever had that issue. It must be an issue with the earbuds. Just exchange them.
Same issue with my Elantra and 6S.
First search result. I have a new car with CarPlay and iOS 11.2 and and this happens frequently.
I don’t have a tube and it is a very small amount of gas, so yes.
It started out cool and has only gotten cooler! I also have a fan pointed at the engine.
Unfortunately, I have other things I have to do while it is running. I’m up to over 9 hours!
I do have a fan going.
In the context of rocket launches, that’s correct. However, you previously described dynamic forces as strictly aerodynamic. Q is typically used to describe hydraulic dynamic pressure, so you inappropriately ascribed excess specificity to a broader term. You said dynamic forces are aerodynamic forces but only the reverse is true.
> Yes that is what it literally means - dynamic pressure is strictly limited to aerodynamics.

LOL, no, it isn’t. Dynamic pressure is typically used in incompressible fluid dynamics and can be extended to include compressible fluids, like air. Click on the “dynamic pressure” part of “maximum dynamic pressure” in your own link.
First, that’s not what it literally means. Dynamic pressure is changing pressure as other factors change and is not limited strictly to aerodynamics. Second, the relationship between Max-Q and the sound barrier was also correctly described as coincidental. One does not cause the other but they often occur within close temporal proximity. And finally, it is pretty clear that the terms relating to the speed of sound are all figures of speech and not to be taken literally.

Pretty much the only thing you’ve said that’s correct is that Max-Q has nothing to do with weight or thrust or mechanical stress.
What exactly is incorrect.
> Lots of people are on break, politics was quiet

Except for the part where, on Christmas night, he said he was going back to work and then golfed for several days straight.
I really though those segments were going to smash into each other and explode.  That's how they work for me.
You’re right, Americans believe the government should not be able to stop them from saying unpopular things. That also means the government must allow people to react to unpopular speech. Therefore, freedom of speech is not freedom from consequences of that speech. Someone saying something unpopular does not trump someone’s reaction to that.
Moral justification is a completely different argument.
That isn’t how it works.
That’s less control because I can’t modify it at will. A block at your own firewall blocks requests for unwanted content, so it doesn’t get downloaded in the first place. I’m not sure if you’re ignorant or obtuse.
It isn’t specified in the actual TOS, but Twitter’s official policy is to not block world leaders: [Twitter Blog: World Leaders on Twitter](https://blog.twitter.com/official/en_us/topics/company/2017/world-leaders-and-twitter.html)
He hasn’t violated the TOS only because there’s a specific provision that applies basically only to him, but not you and me, that allows him to say things we aren’t allowed to say.

It isn’t specified in the actual TOS, but Twitter’s official policy is to not block world leaders: [Twitter Blog: World Leaders on Twitter](https://blog.twitter.com/official/en_us/topics/company/2017/world-leaders-and-twitter.html)
> You re saying I should be forced to see things I do not want to see or read news I do not want to read or that might be fake and also having the pleasure of playing the bill for it.

That’s exactly what will happen if you encourage ISPs to block domains. They won’t offer to block a domain, which is called blacklisting. They’ll only allow specific domains, whitelisting, and make you pay more for more domains. Your favorite website probably wouldn’t be on the default list, you’ll pay extra for it and it will probably also include other domains you don’t want to see, just like cable TV. Like Reddit but don’t like Twitter? The social media whitelist would include both. Now you’re paying extra and getting something you don’t want, or you could not pay extra and not see Twitter, but you’ll be giving up Reddit, too. Is that what you want?

When ISPs don’t mess with the internet and leave you to do your own blocking, everyone wins.
174,000 units isn’t much to begin with. Apple averaged 3.4 times that many iPhones *every day* for 2017.
The First Amendment only applies to the government. Companies are free to limit speech.
Then they’d simply do the reverse. Instead of offering a blacklist, they’ll offer a default whitelist with additional whitelists for an additional monthly fee. If you want to block a domain at your router, knock yourself out. Doing it at the ISP level is playing with fire and we will all get burned.
This is a somewhat difficult question to answer. A wind turbine does reduce the energy of the wind for downwind turbines if they are the same type and the wind is blowing the right direction. However, tests show that turbines of mixed height can improve efficiency in some ways due to how the turbulence flows. Of course, mixing sizes and models is less efficient from a maintenance standpoint, so it isn’t generally done.

To get to the point, a non-operating turbine can reduce the efficiency of an operating downwind turbine by up to 15%, less if both are operational.
I’ve noticed the dev notes get very little attention. Even 24 hours after posting they’ll often have only a handful of comments.
The latest consensus is the asteroid impact was really just the final nail in the coffin. Dinosaur populations were already in decline for numerous reasons and likely would have gone extinct without the impact. The impact just hurried the process along.
FH is only a test flight, not exactly a mission like the other flights.
That wasn’t a used router problem, that was a installer selling you a new router problem.
They fixed it, I’ve got it in my Kindle library now.
The Kindle version still says January 9. That’s the one I bought, of course.
My orthodontist recommended it to me. I had one set up and ready to go before I got braces. I’m surprised this apparently isn’t common.
Second. Upgrading my desktop with an SSD felt like getting a whole new computer.
Years ago, a comedy group called Olde English did a sketch on finger guns being real, [Gym Class](https://youtu.be/T6Ozfh9ou5k)
Why?!
> To fly it, stay completely straight up until you reach 10,000 meters, then gradually turn East (right).

That hasn’t been a thing in years. Now you simply pitch over a few degrees at 50m/s and follow prograde at full thrust.
I can’t get this thing to load on my iPhone. It looks like a normal picture and when I click on it, it starts loading very slowly. I haven’t had the patience to wait for it to finish loading since a gif shouldn’t take more than a few seconds at the speeds I have.
You should have made them confirm via certified mail.
Only as long as the developer allows it.
I finally have reason to explore the parental controls and discovered that Windows 7 parental controls are miles better than Windows 10 in every way.
Mine is doing this, too. It is really annoying!
That was just a clever way of docking from the sunlit side.
More boosters and struts, of course!
Security updates work differently.  Those get pushed monthly but most phones are 2-3 months behind anyways.  OS updates, on the other hand, are less frequent and have to be approved by the OEM, SoC manufacturer, and the carrier.
Or the manufacturer and the carrier update but the SoC maker doesn't.  Yes, it takes Google, the OEM, SoC manufacturer, and the carrier to push an update. If one balks, the update doesn't happen.
My grade school history classes were sanitary but my college classes were not.  They basically started off every class with, "Forget everything you learned about this event. Here's what really happened. You aren't going to like this person any more."
> As an agnostic I was less than pleased with my colleges theology requirements. I finished the class with an A and learned more than I ever thought I could.

I felt the same way about my school's Christian Scriptures course.  Really? I have to take a course on the Bible?  That sucks.  Except, it wasn't about what was in the Bible but about who wrote which parts of the Bible and the discussions on what to include in it.  It was way more interesting that I ever imagined.
First, Apple didn’t cause batteries to degrade over time, that’s what they do naturally. Second, it literally doesn’t matter that the battery is $4.45. The cost of materials and labor does not dictate the price. That’s not defending Apple, that’s education on a basic fact of business. For example, back in 2013 an XBox One cost $471 to build, only $28 less than the retail price at the time. Once other expenses get added, they weren’t making money on each unit.

Bottom line, don’t confuse education on basic facts to prevent flawed logic as defense of a company.
You forgot about the labor.  Besides, everyone should know by now that price and cost are not related.
> Apple’s also promising to add features to iOS that provide more information about the battery health

They've been taking away battery stats from developers.  I had a battery health app that had all kinds of information about the battery that is almost completely useless now because most of the information is no longer available.
Yes, but most countries still allow most of the 20MHz channels, still a big improvement.
You're definitely the exception.
71% of android phones on the 5 major US networks are running with patches at least 2 months old, despite Google pushing patches monthly, according to Skycure.  Google published in their 2016 Year In Review report that "About half of devices in use at the end of 2016 had not received a platform security update in the previous year.” Those are just security updates.

Phones that are only 2 years old, like the Nexus 5, aren't getting Nougat or Oreo, both of which are out now.  The Samsung Galaxy S5 isn't getting it, either.  75% of devices are still running anything between 4.0 and 6.0.
If you don't blame him, who's fault is it that the only restaurant in DC that he's eaten at is BLT Prime in the Trump International Hotel?  Who's keeping him from running down to the Bombay Club, Taylor's, Oyamel Cocina Mexicana, or Shake Shack?  Is he afraid of the crowds?  Obama wasn't afraid to go out, so why is Trump afraid and how is he not to blame for it?
The times I've been under, I get groggy, there's darkness with a vague sense of a bright light somewhere or a brightly-lit half-formed dream for a few seconds, then I'm coming to.  No big deal.
> As an Android user, if the latest update causes my phone to slow down or end up with shitty battery life, i just download the previous version and reinstall that.

Bullshit, Android doesn't update software on phones! You have to buy a new one to be less out of date!
I do blame him.  He's the one doing things that people hate.  All he has to do is not be a lying asshole and he won't get bothered too much around DC.
I had a boss that wanted everybody to have webcams. He’d then use his to call me but he would turn off the video and only use audio.
You should find out for yourself.  Try a mission to each planet.  You'll learn a ton in the process.  Going and seeing for yourself is half the fun.
He’s made lots of trips, just not trips for pleasure that aren’t to his own properties. That’s the whole point of the article. Other presidents go places and do things for fun, Trump generally doesn’t unless it is to his own properties.
5Ghz has 23 non-overlapping 20MHz channels, or 11 non-overlapping 40MHz channels, or 5 non-overlapping 80MHz, or 2 non-overlapping 120MHz channels. 
Speed cannot impart a force.  The only acceleration astronauts experience is due to gravity but the ground is dropping away at the same rate, so they are actually continuously falling and missing the ground.
YouTube is a great way to share pictures! /s
They maybe didn't check *because* they are short on cash and can't afford the extra QA.  Plus, they may have originally intended to launch from Baikonur and programmed the coordinates and then later switched launch sites.
The funny thing is I never really gave the 1st stage a second thought when it was completely expendable, now I feel like SpaceX just littered by landing the first stage in the ocean and not trying to recover it, even if it is useless, is just wrong.
> Softlanded, yeah,

I'm confused because you said they didn't even attempt a soft landing.
I could have sworn they softlanded that booster in the water.
Good point mentioning the HDR.  4K is alright, HDR is what really elevates the picture quality.
In fact, Obama's first 12 golf trips, over 4 months, were in the DC area at military bases.  Trump has golfed 12 times this year at Potomac Falls, his own course near DC.  It took Trump only a month and a half to golf 12 times.
The most common password will always be something stupid and easy to guess.  That's why it is common.  The important part, which the article didn't even attempt to address, is exactly how common these passwords are.  Are they a smaller percentage of passwords than last year or are they more popular than before?  Also, the PDF linked in the article is a fucking disaster.  2 pages to list 100 passwords is a waste of everyone's time.
> Artificially restricting charging speeds for MFi devices to have an advantage is extortionist bullshit.

It ss a step to help ensure that quality devices are being used.  Someone could easily buy a shitty wireless charger and blame the phone when it doesn't work as advertised.  MFi is designed to prevent that situation.  If you don't like it, don't develop electronic accessories for Apple products.
I’m only talking about adding features in the context of adding your special feature. Either don’t add the one feature or add the rest. A window that does some things that other windows do but not others is confusing.
I’m saying that if you give the preview additional features, it stops being a preview and starts being some kind of pseudo window that does some things but not others. That’s where the confusion is. I’m not advocating adding features, that’s what you’re doing.
> Let's not search for problems that wouldn't be there.

If you make it a tiny window instead of a preview, you have to go all the way. Why stop at dragging and dropping folders or files? Isn’t being able to open a folder from the preview the next logical step? Why be able to do one folder thing but not others? Keep the preview a preview and let actual windows do their thing.
This would introduce confusion.  Would you be able to open a folder from the preview, too? Wouldn't that make it not a preview but a fully functioning tiny window?  Where would you click on it to open the full-size window?  Would you be able to drop a file or folder in a folder in the preview folder?  Making it strictly a preview means you don't have to answer all these questions.
A phone number isn’t necessary for the phone to be useful as a communication device. I occasionally go extended periods of time without cell service but I still have WiFi and internet access.
I’m pretty sure spam started out as a convenient way to tell people about your business and look how that turned out.
The only times I’ve gotten messed up using it were at night in unknown neighborhoods with really weird intersections. It didn’t even skip a beat rerouting me after I missed my turns.
Really, it just sounds like an edge case and most cases like this have actually been fixed.
I feel like that is a significant improvement.
It is going to Mars, it just isn’t staying there.
You can’t stage in Map Mode.
Previous water landings all broke up.
> no reliable way to re-create it and there are only two documented encounters.

This is why “nobody cares”.
It feels like they are polluting on purpose now that we know they can land one consistently.
Restore from backup and carry on like nothing happened.
Bitcoin certainly bubbles.  What got my cousin interested is that each bubble bursts to a higher price than the previous burst.
Except Congress didn't even write it, lobbyists did.  Democrats and Republicans publicly worked together for years to pass ACA while lobbyists handed Republicans their bill to pass without Democrat involvement in the dead of night.  The contents of the ACA were well-known when it passed, the tax bill had last-minute changes handwritten in the margins and Republicans forced a vote only hours after introducing it.  They didn't even have time to read it.  Do you see the difference in effort?  ACA defined Obama's career because it worked to help all Americans, the tax bill is yet another deal among many bad deals made solely by Republicans to help keep their friends rich.
> like having a place of his own to get away to

What's wrong with Andrews AFB or Fort Belvior?  There's a number of places that Presidents can call their own that aren't several states away.
That's the only major legislation he's gotten done and he had basically nothing to do with it.  Pence even praised Trump for not doing anything on it.  That's not much at all.
What also bothers me is that while Obama often golfed in the DC area, Trump almost never does.  It would be one thing to golf at Andrews every weekend but it is another thing to take Air Force 1 down to Florida almost every weekend just to play golf.
http://obamagolfcounter.com/ has a list(mute your speakers).  One notable difference is Obama often golfed in the DC area. His first 12 trips were to Andrews AFB or Fort Belvior, both in DC and both cheap gold trips.  Trump rarely golfs in DC, usually going to Mar A Lago, FL, instead, costing millions of dollars each trip.