There’s a big difference between a room of 50 far right organizers and the voting population. At least I certainly hope so. 
Uhhhhhhh wtf. Does he seriously expect the city is going to fall for this kind of doublethink ? Its insulting. 
Hey Jim, lots of progressives have been signing on to single payer health care plans since the 2016 elections (the Sanders plan, etc.). At the federal level what is your vision for healthcare in the US and how would it address not only the cost issue but also access to care, racial inequality in treatment, and the sky high cost of medical school?  
Can't slow down a phone if it breaks after one year anyway. 
> Then why don't you get your shit together and stop electing Republicans to Congress

Oh wow its so easy lets just do that. 

In the 3rd district - its not as gerrymandered so we have a shot in the next few cycles but that could all change after 2020. Problem is nobody has any money;but the grassroots are slowly taking hold. 
Love this place! Josey Records off LBJ is great too.
I love everything about this, I had forgotten how cool the space depth charge was. Dumb question but does anyone know if the lightsaber sounds are made in a similar way still or if its all digital? 
While it's true that because copays are lower under a single payer system doctors will get less per patient (as they do already with Medicare or Medicaid compared to with private insurance), many single payer systems negate that in a couple ways.
If a doctor at a private practice accepts the government plans, in a lot of countries the gov will also pay for malpractice insurance and even pay for med school! Doctors are also given incentives to be general practitioners or in demand specialists to prevent shortages. Hope this helps!
An American icon, somebody who lived his whole life in service to science, his country, and others. This one hit me hard. 
I had this happen on mine a few months back, the phone was overheating and it messed up the battery. A feedback loop ensued and every time i rebooted it just crashed in a shorter amount of time. Had to get a new phone. 
I understand why a lot of people like her, but I personally don't think she's the best choice. My biggest worry is that she hasn't held any office higher than city council in a white suburb. The Green Party has a lot of good ideas, but I just can't see myself voting for her without some accomplishments under her belt. 
Time to make up for all those lost hours of productivity,
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
I'm having the same problem and this is a new phone from Verizon as an insurance replacement
I read an article in The Atlantic about this, definitely worth the read. I see this come up fairly often on Reddit as an issue but this was the 1st time I saw a long form paper on the issue. 
[http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/09/the-coddling-of-the-american-mind/399356/](http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/09/the-coddling-of-the-american-mind/399356/)
But the Germans and French have made it clear that they will kick them out if they didn't comply to their deal, even if the Greeks try to renegotiate the EU isn't going to listen to it, Tsipras can't pull anything out of his hat that will suddenly change the minds of angry creditors
I don't see that being possible for the foreseeable future, isn't the drachma expected to devalue 75ish% as soon as it hits the markets?
So where do they go from here? 
Hey Marques! I'm a student getting ready to head to college next year, any specific pieces of tech I should look at before I start? Also, your LG G3 review was definitely the deciding factor when I got the phone and I LOVE it! 
Booker's awe at viewing the city for the first time really sold him as a character right off the bat for me. The "Wha-" as he takes in breath was the exact same feeling I had looking through his eyes  
