Weave? The thing comes out of a necklace like magic. It's not woven together with needle and thread. I think it's safe to say the suit is impenetrable. Along with not only absorbing all kinetic energy but then giving it the ability to use that energy as a burst of power, the suit is greatly overpowered. 
"I am Groot."

"I am... Steve Rogers."

Never thought I'd see this interaction. And it was perfect. 
Same with lisp if you have a lisp. 
Fair enough. To be honest, this post was just meant to be some light humor at the game mechanic, not taken seriously as if this is the gameplay experience for most people. Though some groups are definitely a bit quick on the "Vote to Brig" option for no reason other than to be a dick to other players.
Much more often it will happen within the first 30 seconds, because crews of 3 don't want a random 4th, but there is no way to limit your crew from having random people enter. 

Also, some groups of players seem to enjoy just locking people in the brig as their own entertainment.
Too bad I immediately get locked in the brig too often to enjoy them...
You could view the cards as game changing items. Different cards are more useful than others, therefore you are in fact gambling when opening packs to get a card that benefits you. 

And while it may be a kind of "investment" it's not the same as a stock which is based on company performance. It's based on the market of rarity. Something which can't be affected. The only change will be in the demand for the cards. 

Being able to resell cards for profit is worse, in my opinion, than buying digital loot boxes that aren't even required for video games. 

Magic is essentially all loot boxes. Your entire deck is made up of lootboxes. 
Being able to sell the rares from opening packs makes it more like gambling than digital loot boxes in video games. 
I just want to be able to maintain my ships stocks between play sessions. I find it pointless to stock pile planks or cannonballs unless I know I'll be playing for a long period of time because everything will just disappear the moment I stop or change lobbies.

I'd like a ship that is actually mine, where the contents of my stocks are saved. That would be another thing to consider when fighting other players. You may have turned in your treasure, but do you want to lose your ship with all those cannonballs you stockpiled?

Right now, the ships feel like rentals and all the same, so I have no attachment to it.
Alpha tester since March of last year. I really want to love the game, but honestly expected a MUCH larger amount of new content in the full release. As it is, the only new things I've really seen that I didn't see in any play test are snakes and the Kraken. Maybe the cosmetic items if you want to count that, but I don't because honestly, who cares. 
Or maybe they did! You have NO idea WHY someone voted. You are making sweeping assumptions and labeling them as fact, and placing blame on the people who don't fall in line with your way of thinking.

In your mind, anyone who thinks differently than you is a victim of propaganda and is not capable of making their own decisions or was influenced to vote the way they did. When in reality, people voted for who they wanted for their own reasons. If they voted third party out of spite for Hillary, that is their right. If they voted for Trump because they believed in him, that is their right. 

There is nothing wrong with people voting for who they want to be President. What's wrong is you shaming people for making their choice.
That may be, but you are still attempting to pass blame of a lost election on to other people and are looking to restrict the rights of people to vote how they choose. People are free to vote for whoever they want, for whatever reason. And your attitude that ANYONE who votes for someone other than the person YOU deem worthy of voting for is brainwashed by propaganda is insulting and childish.
It's FB Messenger. 
The problem is the actions of the DNC and their inability to read the temperature of their own party. Don't blame people for using their freedom to vote for the candidate they think is best. Blame the people in charge who continually insulted and berated voters who weren't falling in line with their will. 
How dare you attempt to shame and blame people for voting for who they want? 

You are trying to trick people into giving up their freedom to benefit yourself. You are just upset that you didn't get your way and are looking for someone to blame instead of reflecting on the poor decisions of the DNC.

They literally alienated and vilified 45% of their base, which happened to be the most vocal and energized portion of their voters. Calling them names, talking down to them, and then expecting them to fall in line. It's that arrogant attitude that lost you the election.

I despise Donald Trump, but third party voters weren't the problem. You have no one to blame but your candidate and the campaign she ran. Voting third party is the right of anyone who chooses to do so, and trying to shame people into only voting Dem or Rep because it would benefit YOU is one of the most disgusting and shady tactics I have ever seen. How are you any better than these assholes in the article? 
What are we, savages? Why does this comment not have more upvotes. The top comment is wrong. 
> Apple stripped out the Touch ID on the iPhone X completely because: 1. They were confident in it's security. 2. They were confident it provided a better user experience than Touch ID.

No, they stripped it out because they couldn't figure out how to put it under the screen glass in time. They needed to remove the top and bottom bezels to compete in the phone market and as such lost their TouchID scanner. 

They didn't remove it because they had something better. They removed the due to tech constraints and had to figure out another way to unlock the phone.
Isn't that exactly what Microsoft wants though? I am constantly amazed by how many PC gamers seem to think they are somehow out smarting Microsoft by playing MS games on their PC.

Microsoft WANTS PC gamers to have the option to just play their games on a PC. Instead of having to get those people to cross a $500 purchase barrier, they just turned every single PC gamer into a potential Xbox gamer. Instead of forcing you to buy a new console, you can just play on your PC, it's win-win. Microsoft isn't stupid, this is their strategy.

It's still an Xbox Exclusive, it's just that PC is now basically considered a custom made Xbox.

This gives gamers a chance to play the same game on their xbox or PC with one purchase, sync their save data across both systems, and play where they want to play. 

But every time this is brought up, it's usually talked about as some kind of bad thing. It's not. Microsoft wouldn't have made it work that way if it was going to hurt them. They did this to open up the options to gamers and gain an entirely new market of gamers to buy their games without needed to convince them to buy another device to play them on.

Microsoft is fine with you doing a PS4/PC combo as your systems. If you are playing their games, it's a win for them.
The proof is in the box office. Compare the weekly sales between TFA, Rogue One and TLJ. TLJ is making less daily than Rogue One was at this same point in time. 

TLJ has made more than Rogue One, but that is mostly due to an much higher opening weekend gross. For the past 2 weeks, TLJ has made less per week than Rogue One, and looks like that trend will continue.

And compared to TFA, it's pitiful. It's trailing over $300m behind TFA. People just aren't interested in seeing this movie multiple times. Looking at the box office results and looking at the reviews on RT paints a very clear picture of this movie not being well liked. 

If a main saga Star Wars movies is getting less audience returns than a one-off Star Wars movie, you have a major problem.
All TFA said about Luke was that he went searching for the First Jedi Temple. I was never under the impression he went there to abandon his friends and family and die. I assumed he went there to reconnect with the Force so he could overcome the loss of his own Jedi Temple and find the strength to do what he did the the original trilogy again.

I thought he was there for inspiration and guidance... not to cut himself off from the force and die alone. Why go to the first Jedi Temple if you want the Jedi to end? Why leave a map to your location with R2?

No, JJ set up a triumphant return for Luke, Rian Johnson decided to make it a depressing joke.
> Don't like the answer to Rey's parentage? She's not only left on Jakku at an extremely young age, we hear from Maz that Rey already knows about them, she just doesn't want to face the truth about them.

But the problem is, Rian doesn't seem to even realize that TFA already dealt with Rey's parents. Rey didn't care WHO her parents were... she just believed they would come back for her. She never believed she was the daughter of Luke or Obi-Wan. Those were fan theories.

But the conclusion to her parentage story was with Maz. Maz got her to realize that despite her hopes and dreams of being reunited with her family, that they were never coming back for her. After that Rey wasn't held back by waiting on Jakku, she could go find Luke and help the rebellion. That story was done.

Then TLJ comes around and treats Rey like she is a fan of Star Wars and wants to know who her parents are. But she never cared about that. She just wanted them to come back for her and had already accepted they weren't. But now she suddenly cares who they are and are devastated to learn that they are nobodies and left her there.

Yet she already came to terms with the fact that they were never coming back for her in TFA... she she already knew that, right?
And TLJ completely misses the POINT of Rey's journey. Rey was NEVER thought her parents were people of great importance. Her saying his backstory was "classified" to BB-8 was just being playful.

She never cared about WHO they were or how important they were, she just cared about them coming back to get her. She believed in her heart that they would return. She believed they would come for her so much that she turned down a job from Han Solo (who was a hero of hers) so that she could return to Jakku in case they came for her.

Then she met Maz, and come to terms with the fact that her parents were never coming back. That was her growth, that was her moment of realizing she didn't need to return to Jakku and could do something with her life.

Rian Johnson writes Rey as the audience. The audience wants to know who Rey's parents are, but she never cared about WHO they were. She just wanted them to come back for her, and by the end of TFA, she had overcome that feeling and accepted her place.

Everything after that was just fan service and ignored her path as a character.
I knew this write up sounded familiar.
As a general rule, if a social account just uses images that are readily available from the source material it's probably a fake. The best way to confirm legit accounts is if they use images that couldn't have just been taken from existing promotional materials (or the actual film). 
Amazing catch! I'm constantly impressed by this community. Wonder if this means we'll be seeing more Slusho related ARG content. 
Content isn't free! How do you not realize this? Games take time and money to make, and they take a lot more of both. Rockstar used to put out games more quickly but that was before games were taking up 50GB worth of space. These games have scripts lengths that rival movie trilogies, the amount of content is ever increasing. That's not free or easy to create. Even without GTA V Online it would still take them longer between releases simply because so much more goes into game development now. 

The fact is, they are releasing new content 4 years after the game came out and it's all free. You just have to play the game to unlock it. Don't want to wait, then you can support them and pay money for it. If you don't like the grind then you probably won't care about the new items. 

No one is forcing you to buy anything, you aren't entitled to anything. Yet you not only demand new content and new games, you demand it for free and get pissed that it's not free enough. Is it too much for you to play the game to make money to get the new content? You think everyone should just be given free Deluxos and Avengers because they bought the game 4 years ago? 

Stop being a cheap entitled gamer and learn that content isn't free. 

And I've never once had anyone use the obital cannon on me. There is a long cool down on it and a ridiculous price tag. If anyone decided to waste the money on killing me with it, I'd actually be impressed. 
So all new content should be unlocked right away and completely free just because you spent $60? Developers are supporting games for much longer, creating more content, and keeping the base price of games the same. 

New content costs money to produce, and in a lot of games you can actually get most things for free if you play enough to grind for it. You can get everything in GTA V Online for free by just playing the game. Same with Overwatch. 

I don't agree with new content giving an advantage to players who pay for it, but I do think developers should be paid for content. I certainly don't expect free DLC from every game I buy just because I want it.

Right now the developers have decided to make their money from selling digital currency to buy new in-game items instead of increasing the base price of games for everyone. The more people complain about paid DLC or digital currency, the faster games will increase to $75-90. 
What's really weird is that those of us on 10CL sub knew about God Particle and it's connection to Cloverfield before it even started filming. And then it ends up not having many connections in the actual film. The only connections are from tacked on scenes. None of the main cast are involved in any connections. 
The worst part is, this movie could have easily had some extra scenes to ACTUALLY explain some things. Why not have some debris from Cloverfield Station warp through time and space and collide with the ChimpanzIII satellite?

Why not show some alien ships phase in and out of existence while the accelerator is failing. Showing that in some universes the aliens are there and for a brief moment they were merged with the Paradox movie universe?

So many little touches could have put a much more clear thread to the connections. It's a alright movie made poor by the expectation of a connection and the complete failure to do so. 
Yes I saw the end. The randomly giant monster from Cloverfield in a different universe didn't really do it for me. It felt like they just tacked it on for no reason. Why does the paradox only make monsters appear? It's just a lazy thread to say "wierd shit can happen and it's all because of a particle accelerator and needs no more explanation". It's the equivalent of "timry whiney" from Doctor Who to explain all the plot holes. 

It's unsatisfying. Especially when they could have worked in a much deeper and rewarding thread to these movies. And if they should just be viewed as stand alone movies, then let's do away with the Cloverfield name and just release stand alone movies. 
It's not a good way to draw people in. It's a complete lie and leaves people with expectations that will go unfulfilled. I could draw people into a restaurant by claiming the food was free, but if I charge them a "leaving fee" of $30, they are going to be rightfully pissed. 

Having a character mention the possibility of creatures from the sea coming due to a particle accelerator in space is ridiculously inserted in the movie to attempt SOME kind of wink to the fans to connect them. But it's nothing and it's never expanded upon again. Debris from the ship could have traveled through space and time and collided with the ChimpanzIII satellite from the original, the crew could have ended up in the universe of the original to witness the aftermath, there could have been SOME tighter thread between them than a quickly inserted clip into the movie that goes no where.

If this is the direction the series wants to go, then I'm sorry but Black Mirror is already doing a better job of having unique stories with decently connected threads between them. This is basically a Black Mirror for cinemas but with less thought put into it as a franchise.

I'm hoping there is more to the franchise, but this is the second time they've basically lied to us about a connection, and I'm getting tired of it.
The trailer for Paradox literally said we would learn about what happened for the original. They played the clips from the original. 

It had nothing to do with it, and any connection they tried to shoehorn in was pointless. That means that they aren't going to dedicate an entire new movie to the origin of Tagruato. They won't even give any more info on the monster. Tagruato will be a passing reference in the next movie, just like this one.
Based on what we've gotten so far, I suspect this movie will be 99% independent story and 1% tagurato logo in one scene.

It doesn't seem they are writing any original movies around a real Cloverfield connection.
Would have been much more interesting if at the end they came back to their own dimension but back in 2008. The station debris knocks the ChimpanzIII out of orbit and back down to earth and as they attempt to communicate with the Earth the Earth has no idea who they are and what the Cloverfield Station is. 
Read the point directly after that one. 
Bitter much? I'm sorry I expect people to make theories based on established lore from the previous movies. 

Here is a link that explains the satellite: http://cloverfield.wikia.com/wiki/ChimpanzIII
It doesn't matter what random articles online say. The ARG is the fact here. Your theories directly contradict the established ARG. I'm sorry it's not a well known plot point but that doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
It's not just a dot. It's the ChimpanzIII satellite. If you don't even bother to learn the established canon of the films then you can't go around making up random theories about what is going on. 
Yes but he said he finally found it after 50 days. He wouldn't have been looking for it 50 days ago. The time frame of how long it's been isn't based on when the gift was purchased but when the gift would have been received. 
It's also only been 43 days since Christmas, so I have no idea where the 50+ number is coming from. Unless they exchange gifts on Dec 18th instead for some random reason.
The Paradox attracting monsters is such a bad idea. I hope that is not the direction they are going with this. It is just so lazy and doesn't fit in to the established lore of the first film. 
I think the Clover from Earth 1 and the Clover from Earth 3 are the same. Earth 1's Clover was awoken by the falling satellite (possibly due to some Cloverfield Station debris colliding with it), and awoke in 2008. Earth 3's Clover was never awoken in 2008, but now (for whatever reason) it has and it's several years later and much larger.
Honestly though, that is such a weak explanation. It was extremely heavy-handed and ruins the mystery of where these things are coming from. 

Ripping a hole in spacetime just all of the sudden means random monsters will be unleashed on earth? Why? It makes so logical sense. Where do they come from? Some other dimension? That's... not that interesting. It just makes any logic go out the window, it's impossible to ask any question because it can always be answered with "paradox" or "spacetime" or "infinite dimensions so anything is possible". 

If that's the direction they want to go, all power to them, but it's messy, full of holes, and is a poor excuse for continuity.
Debris from Cloverfield Station could have been sent through time and space to Earth 1 in the year 2008 and collided with ChimpanzIII which sent it falling back down to earth. 
If this movie was completely rewritten to be a Cloverfield movie then they failed. I'm much more willing to accept it as a movie with a tacked on connection but if they want to claim it was worked from the start to be a Cloverfield movie then I have no faith in any future project they do with the franchise. 
Then why advertise this movie by making us believe it's a direct sequel or prequel. The commercial made it seem like the explosion Micjael saw was the exact same that Rob saw. That's just not true. But that is the movie that I and most likely everyone else wants to see. That's what we are all clamoring for. The thought that that was what we'd get was what got me jumping up and down with excitement when they showed the trailer. 

What we got has no direct connect to the original at all other than saying a paradox did it. Which already contradicts what we know about the original. Cloverfield station didn't wake the monster, a downed satellite did.

How is it too difficult to show SOME level of connection? Have some debris from the station fly into a different dimension and hit the satellite which sends it down to earth which wakes the monster. But they can't even give us that.

We need more and deserve more I'd they are going to keep using the name and misleading the fans. 
Crossing the ruined hallway to disconnect the ship reminded me of them crossing into the collapsed building from the original. 
Sounds like a great currency. 
>Or was it simply early Moffat had a large voice but less control. It wasn't until he got more control did we realize his big ideas were full of nothing.

It's exactly this. It seems like he can write well when he isn't in charge of every aspect of the story. His episodes under RTD were fantastic. And I'm guessing Season 1 and 2 of Sherlock (before it became such a big hit) had him with less over all control of the story (perhaps more shared between him and Mark Gatiss). 

It seems like when he gets his hands on the steering wheel of a story he inevitably turns directly into oncoming traffic (canon) just to show how daring and spectacular the main character is.

He also has a habit of writing just the absolutely WORST characters I've ever seen. Everyone exists only to serve the plot and make the main character look cool and impressive. Everyone character just drools over how great the Sherlock/Doctor is and speaks of him like a legend. No character has any consistency to their personalities or history. They just exist to show you what emotion you should be feeling, regardless of how that actual character who naturally reaction in the situation. 

He basically took The Doctor and Sherlock and turned them into Marvel superheroes, and he can't stop patting himself on the back through his writing acting like he is so smart and clever with his convoluted twists.
Season 3 was just awful. The explanation for his fall was completely bullshit and insulting to watch. It quickly became a parody of itself and was embarrassing to watch. It's clear that they can't recapture that magic from the first two seasons. It's a soap opera now, with worse writing than most soap operas.
I'm very suspicious of a Twitter account that is tied to a Gmail address. We had a lot of fake Twitter's last time around.

There are some coincidences that make me believe like tweeting so close to when Slusho tweets and the mention of the lamp before the ARG found the updated video.  But overall this gives me iffy feeings
Be aware, for 10CL the ad aired before the actual game started. It was in one of the commercial breaks during the pre-show. I think with about 5-10 minutes before kick-off. So make sure to tune in a bit early just in case. But I agree, chances are good for something during the super bowl. 
Ray, go see what the rhubarb is, will ya?
And this is the problem with TLJ. All of the humor in that movie was meant to be a joke for the audience, not a charming yet realistic reaction to what was happening.
She grew up on a junker planet taking parts from starcrafts and rebuilding things. She says she helped work on the changes to the Falcon. Of course she knew how work it.

Rey is much more a Mary Sue in this one. TFA has aspects similar to ANH, but it's far from the same movie. And TLJ pulled much more from ESB and RotJ. 
Without Poe blowing up the Dreadnaught at the beginning everyone would have been killed by it right after the first hypersape jump. Him making that call is literally the only reason they even have a chance to survive. Poe is single handedly the only reason any person survived to get to Crait. 
Keep in mind how much time passes. Stories from XFM are retold on the podcasts but it's not unlikely to believe that Ricky or Steve have just forgotten about this one-time story from Karl from years ago. They don't go back and listen to each of the old radio shows 20 times like we do.
To be fair, how could anyone possibly expect it to go where it went? Instant hypnosis and brain transplants. It was just never set up to be a movie like that. Felt like it switched genres completely for the last 25 minutes. 
But that's literally the opposite of what happened. The very first scene of the fight is her holding off 3 or 4 of them on her own. Then she literally blocks two of them at the same time with one hand. Then goes on to kill a third guard who runs into the scene and then takes out the other two one on one. 
I realize that and am fine with it. I was just responding to the user who claimed Rey was struggling. She really wasn't having too hard of a time. 
Maybe you need to watch again. Kylo was struggling much more and required help from Rey by the end. Rey killed several before having her struggle momentarily with thr last one (which she kills pretty easily after dropping her saber to her free hand)
Rey literally started the fight by taking on 3-4 at one time. In the next scene she is blocking 2 attacks with her saber one handed and then kills a third with no struggle. She then had a little trouble with the white guy but kills him. Then she takes ok dagger guy who she also struggles with but defeats. Then she rescues Kylo by tossing him the saber. 

They weren't threatening at all. 
Exactly this. It's hard for us to label 1.3b WW as a failure, but when the execs were expecting (and most likely counting on) an extra 400-500 million in their revenue, that's a very large loss from expectations.

That basically is the equivalent of the entire box office of Finding Dory completely lost to them. 

They will definitely be seeing what went wrong and where and doing some course correction for Solo and IX.
That's impossible considering its not even written yet.
The whole reason TFA was so nostalgic of the originals is due to the backlash of the over use of CGI and poor storytelling of the prequels. They went out of their way in TFA to make it feel like old school Star Wars. To the point where people criticize it for being a rehash. But they did that to because of internet debates and poor reviews. 

The Last Jedi is not a hit with audiences unfortunately. You can claim brigading of review sites but the fact is the general word of mouth or the movie is that it's a mess with some good scenes. Thats what I'd consider to be a gentle review of the film. They are definitely going to be doing some course correction after this. 
It also undermines her sisters sacrifice. Her sister gave her life in the bomb run to save her friends and the rest of the Resistance. Rose basically tells Finn, "you shouldn't do things like that, that's bad!"
I find it a real shame that it's so easy to find SO many faults and flaws with the movie. Did no one in charge notice these things? Or did they just think we wouldn't care? I'm all for overlooking some flaws or plot holes, but by the end of the movie, I felt like BB-8 trying to repair Poe's weapons system.
My eyes were still rolling from when she claimed releasing the saddle from ONE of the little horse creatures was "the real victory".
I was really looking forward to more character interaction in this one, but everyone was basically stuck in their little groups. Kylo/Rey/Luke. Finn/Rose/BB-8. Poe/Leia/Holdo.

After TFA I was hoping we'd see the main new characters have a chance to interact more. Rey and Finn only had one scene together in this one, and Poe was just in the background. Rey and Poe don't interact at all. Finn and Poe are separated for most of the movie when they had some great chemistry together in the first one.
The problem is, there is nothing exciting about those plot threads. There is nothing to go off of in terms of theorizing, as they are SO open-ended that it's pointless. And after TLJ took the storylines of TFA and just ignored them or burned them, why should I care about new ones?

At this point any of the 4 plot points you mentioned could be completely ignored. Rey has the books, but that doesn't mean she will use them, or even WANT to buy a new Jedi Order.

The galaxy is inspired? We saw one kid.

Kylo didn't want to conform to Sith or Jedi, but he picked a side pretty quickly when push came to shove. His plan (if he even has one) is to destroy what's left of the resistance and rule the galaxy. He doesn't have to call himself a Sith, but come on, how is that any different than what he was already doing? I doubt he is going to kill his own army of people and start fresh. He'll just use the First Order and fight the Rebels. No difference to any other SW story.

The rebels put our a distress call and literally NO ONE showed up. You're telling me that Lando wouldn't even come help Leia in this new universe? Why should I give a shit about even MORE new characters when they can't even use their current new characters correctly? We may never see that kid at the end ever again. It's not a fucking plot point that could carry over the way Rey's parents, or Luke's first words to Rey are. There is nothing to discuss or think about.

It's all based on the whim of the writer of the next one. And given that it's going to be JJ, I'd bet he's not going to carry on the poor story that RJ came up with.
Also, how does Poe know about Maz? This takes place so soon after TFA, and Finn literally JUST met her and then attempted to run from the planet after she called him out on being a coward. And then Finn was unconscious.

Now Poe and Finn are buddy/buddy with her and she is willing to take their call? Seems weird to me.
Microsoft WANTS you to play Gears on your PC. They made it possible for you to do that. I don't get why people are acting like this is a bad thing. They literally are tearing the boundaries of console/PC and people are laughing at them like "Lulz! Why would I buy an Xbox now?" You don't NEED to buy an Xbox if you have a PC. A PC is essentially an Xbox now. You are still buying their games and using their platform. They don't need to convince you to buy a separate console just to play a few games on the Xbox when you are already using their platform on a device that can handle the game. Instead of convincing you to buy an Xbox and a game, now they just need to convince you to buy a game. 

This isn't some trick you are pulling over on Microsoft and outsmarting them by playing on your PC. They spent years making this work and give you the ability to seamlessly switch between PC and Xbox on the same game and same save file. This is a feature they want people to use, and people continuously act like it's some problem for Microsoft. Microsoft is fine with you having a PS4 and PC as your gaming setup, you will still probably be buying their games on your PC and that makes them money and you are still using their platform. 

Xbox is far from dying. If anything PS4 would go before Xbox. Sony isn't doing too well and PS4 is the only thing making them money at this point. One bad move with PS4 (or the next console) and they are in trouble. Xbox is actually trying to do pro-consumer changes to the gaming industry like Play Anywhere and can afford to continue doing things like that which are good for consumers.
I feel that way with Game of Thrones. I had people in my office give me weird looks when I'd mention what I'm reading. Then a few years later the show comes out and the same people act like they are the biggest fans.

From my experience, a lot of people tend to only watch (and like) shows that have a big following so they can feel validated and be part of a group. That's my cynical take on these hugely popular shows that often turn to garbage after one good season but maintain huge numbers after that. 
I honestly don't believe Apple makes these changes in an attempt to push people towards new technology just out of the goodness of their hearts. If they actually cared about seamless user experiences they would have adopted USB-C as the charging port by now since it's more universal and becoming an industry standard. But they stay tied to the Lightning connector (which is now the ONLY port on the phone). A proprietary connector which Apple gets to charge manufactures to use, and then gets even more money on a percentage of the sales. Not a surprise that they would stick with that port as it benefits them.

They also seem to suddenly get the courage to take out the headphone jack at the exact time they are ready to sell brand new $160 headphones. Was it the right time for the consumer experience to be updated or just the best time for Apple?

Maybe Airpods are a better user experience and more seamless, but nothing about that experience would change if there was a headphone jack. The removal simply pushes more people to get them  just for convenience over actually wanting them. That's my problem with the whole situation. 

If the market was there for wireless headphones, then it's a great product. But what they did was create a product with minimal demand, then changed their phones by removing a feature to MAKE demand for the new product. It would be interesting to see what the sales would be for Airpods if the iPhone 7 had a headphone jack. That would actually let us know if the users felt like the change was more seamless, or if it was more out of convenience to make up for lacking features of the phone.

Apple does everything for sales. They aren't a charity, they aren't your buddy, they aren't flawless. Everything from free out of warranty replacements, to charity donations, to refusing to unlock phoens for the FBI, to removing optical drives and headphones jacks are done to benefit them as a company first and foremost. They have done the research and found that doing those things garners more sales than not doing them. If they benefited more from doing the opposite, they would do it in a heartbeat. 

Just like other companies have done the research that being the "bad guy" will make them more money. Cable companies can add data caps, and raise prices, and have ads and people will still pay for it. Removing those things won't get them more customers or more sales, so they will keep doing things that consumers see as bad, but they will still make more money. Or like video game companies and loot boxes. Gamers hate it and protest games with it, but they have done the research and know they will make more money from selling loot boxes than they will from game sales from people who would have bought the game if they didn't have them. 

Apple just happens to be in the position where they can appear as the "Good Guys" for doing these things, but it all directly benefits them as a company.
Actually you can. This guy proved it: https://youtu.be/utfbE3_uAMA?t=2m5s

The headphone jack was replaced with a "barometric vent". The taptic engine is higher up. It may overlap PART of the space used by the headphone jack, but there is actually a good amount of space just being taken up by a piece of plastic with a fancy name. 

If some guy with minimal engineering experience was able to not only wire a headphone jack to work internally, but also fit it within the space the original headphone jack was, then surely Apple could have easily made it fit.

Stop excusing such a clearly anti-consumer change to a device. This wasn't done to HELP anyone but Apple. Wireless headphones can exist and be used on devices that still have a headphone jack. If the wireless headphones were worth it, people would buy them without being pushed into it by removing the option to use their standard headphones. This isn't in the consumers best interest, it's taking things away without adding any benefits to the user and pushes people towards more purchases (dongles, adapters to charge and use headphones at the same time, and wireless options).
A YouTuber made a video of his attempt to add a headphone jack to the iPhone 7 and found that there was absolutely nothing in it's place. His original plan was to have the headphone jack stick out from the phone, but due to finding the available space in the phone where the headphone jack should be, he was able to build it into the phone without any issue. It was a very interesting documentary and he detailed every step of the build process. Maybe someone can help find a link to that video.
Have you seen the posts of r/apple? If they started a cult, I guarantee you their religious symbol would be the back of an iPhone with an Apple Watch on top of it rotated 35 degrees the left. It's like their initiation post.
Is that an Alanis Morissette?
Poe's mistake? What mistake? Poe took out the Dreadnaught which would have blown up the entire Resistance fleet after the tracked their hyperspace jump had he not done that. 

And then he refused to blindly follow orders that looked like they had no plan. Had Holdo actually given him the information of the plan he would have been fine with it. What to know how I know that? Because literally the first thing out of Leia's mouth when she wakes up is the plan and Poe is like "yeah cool, sounds good."

What is the message there? To just follow orders from someone who is showing signs of having no plan when lives are the line. To trust your life to someone who has no respect for you? Poe did nothing wrong, it's Holdo's mistake. 
Sorry but this is not the reason most people dislike the movie. The strongest criticism is based on it's merits as a movie first and foremost. It's simply a poorly made movie. The writing is medicore, the characters are one-dimensional, the pacing is a major problem, and there are numerous plot holes. It fails at simply being a competent movie. If you include the issues it had within the existing Star Wars universe it just gets worse. 

I didn't go in with any specific story lines I wanted to see come true and still left disappointed. Is an excuse to say people are just upset because they didn't get what they wanted. I only wanted a story that made sense and felt like a natural continuation of the story before it. This failed at doing that and was a mess as a general movie. 

If you liked it, that's fantastic, and really glad people are happy with it. But please do not belittle the bad criticisms of the film by saying those are just from people who's fan fiction didn't come true. 

A good movie SHOULD subvert expectations, but subverting expectations doesn't automatically make a movie good. 
Hey if you're still looking to trade the shark cards I can offer PayPal for those. 
Not much time passed in TFA but it still told a good story that moved characers along. 

Killing characters does not equal plot. Especially when one dies with no information about who he even ones. And the other dies for no apparent reason other than being exhausted. 

And I realize that not all missions are successful but Finn and Rose don't even have a moment to reflect on their failure and learn a lesson from it. That is just had story telling. I don't expect them to always come out on top, but literally nothing happens to them that changes them. That is what makes it pointless, not that they failed. You could literally erase those scenes and the movie would be the same and the next movie would be the same. That's bad writing. 

Finally, it's bad writing to take all mystery from TFA anf just ignore it all or ruin it all with no answers. 
Just wanted to post an update that this was a successful trade and OP is legit. Thanks a lot!
People can think and pray for others in sorrow without notifying their friends.
I don't disagree with you at all that the scene was annoying and unfunny. But it did actually serve the purpose of providing BB-8 with the "coin ammo" needed to take out the guards in the prison to help Finn and Rose escape.

The fact that I can type that sentence to describe an actual scene in the new Star Wars movie is disturbing to me. But the cut-away to the alien putting in coins actually had a purpose to the story... the horrible horrible story.
Running from his past by staying put on an island and leaving a map to his location for either his nephew to find, or his sister to find.

Yeah, sounds like he is doing a great job on that.

Just explain this to me. Why would Luke seek out the First Jedi Temple just to go there to die? What purpose would being in THAT location have for him? Is it significant to him in ANY way? Is it relevant, from a story telling perspective, for him to be there to die? Or would it have made more sense for him to be there to learn and for guidance and for a purpose. 
My theater erupted in laughter from that scene. So if it's not meant to be comedic, it's being taken as such by audiences.
But what is wrong with that exactly? JJ wasn't hired to write the whole trilogy. He does what he does best, write a pilot episode. It introduces characters we like with some good backstories, it's sets up the main plot, and poses some questions to keep viewers hooked and curious about whats to come.

If I were a writer I'd MUCH rather have the job of Rian Johnson than JJ. Taking an established and essentially well liked cast of characters with an interesting plot and moving it forward would be so much easier and fun. Getting to provide my own answer to some of the mysteries of TFA and it actually being cannon would be incredible. I feel like it's the ultimate writing prompt and any writer would love that.

This isn't a one-off movie. Rian shouldn't come into this thinking he can just tell a story he wants to tell within the SW universe. It's the second movie in a trilogy. You gotta respect the source material. Ignoring it and forging your own path is not what you do in this situation. If you want to do that, then do one of the one-off movies.

JJ plotted a course for the trilogy. Leaving some unanswered questions and expecting the next writer to come in and continue that is not wrong. If TFA didn't have the mystery of Rey's parents, or Snoke's origin, or what Luke would say to Rey, or what happened to Luke's training school... then no one would have ANYTHING to discuss between movies.

And now we have a movie that leaves NOTHING to wonder about and look what happens. Most people I've talked to just don't care what will happen next. I'm sure we'll all go see it, but instead of wondering for 2 years and getting excited about the possibilities, I'm left with nothing. 
Because (in the OT) Yoda, Palpatine and Obi Wan are not main characters. We don't need full backstories for them, just like we didn't need much for Han. The OT was very much Luke's story and the legacy of his father.

The sequel trilogy is very much Rey's story and it mirrors Luke's in so many ways. Luke being a nobody may have worked just fine... but he wasn't. Because it's a story and good story telling has those connections. Having an entire new trilogy focus on a nobody with NO connection to the story so far coming in and essentially ending the Skywalker legacy by killing grandson of Vader is bad story telling. It would be like some random rebel just getting a lucky shot off and killing Kylo Ren. Sure, we've seen Rey's journey so far and we like her and relate to her, but with no real connection to the past or present, it's as pointless in a thematic way as you can get if she comes from nothing.

Her rise to power with the force is ONLY because Kylo was getting stronger with the force? Is that how it works now? Where were the powerful Jedi between Eps II and IV then? It's a BS excuse. I'm fine with other beings in the galaxy having force powers and being Jedi... but for her backstory to literally be nothing is bad story telling. Sure, it "subverts expectations", but in a bad way. It doesn't provide anything interesting to the story and makes what her ultimate conclusion will be even more meaningless if she has literally no connection to the story thus far.
That's a really subjective statement.
I've seen gameplay of it, I just have zero interest in it. 
Agreed. I have both consoles, but I'm getting a little tired of PS4 exclusives consisting of glossy looking third person action adventure games that follow the Uncharted formula to a T. And as a someone who isn't a fan of anime or JRPGs, the remaining exclusives do absolutely nothing for me.

It's all a personal choice. Sony may have more exclusives, but if I'm not interested in the games or genre then it really does nothing for me.
Your super does things?!
Hey, I'll do $3 for it. I'll be available in a few hours to exchange.
I've got a Deluxo. Looking for any other high end vehicles. Send me a PM to exchange gamertags. Will be available in about 2 hours.
TFA established that Luke went looking for the first Jedi temple and there was a map leading to his location. Which gives most people the impression that he is going there for a purpose and wants to be available to the resistance should he be needed. 

The entire story of TFA is finding Luke. The opening sequence is Poe getting the map piece and Kylo trying to get it from him. Then the rest of the movie is getting BB-8 (with the map) back to the resistance while the First Order tries to capture the droid to get the map for themselves.

Both sides were SO focused on finding Luke. And when Rey finally arrives, Luke is there waiting. Giving an expression that is left for interpretation, but never did I expect him to just comically toss the light saber away like some cheesy slapstick routine. 

In TLJ, no one seems to care about Luke. The First Order is fine with just following a slow Rebel ship until it runs out of gas. In TFA, Kylo Ren tried to get the map location from Rey because she had seen it. But couldn't because she was strong with the force. Why not just send Kylo to the Rebel ship and get the location from any of the other rebels who saw the map pieces being put together, or just retrieve the map which they probably still have in their possession. The First Order could easily track down Luke to the island if they wanted to, but apparently a few days after TFA no cares anymore.

The end of TFA, to me, was showing a Luke who was aware of what Rey was asking of him. To me, he came to the island looking for guidance one what to do. He was looking for answers from the first Jedi temple. Instead we got the story that he has cut himself off from the force, so he's completely unaware of the situation going on with the First Order, Kylo, and even Han for godsake. And he just went there to die alone. That does not align with what we had learned from TFA. Why would he seek the first jedi temple to die? Why would he leave a map? 
Can't justify paying a monthly price for weather. 
Perhaps. But Rose, an engine worker is aware of Finn as. Resistance Hero despite him being unconscious since his only act that would earn him that reputation. 

Meanwhile Poe has been active and just helped take out a Dreadnaught (which would have blown up the entire Resistance fleet had he not done that). You'd think the next in line for command would know his value. 
Poe literally singlehandedly blew up Starkiller base. He risked his life to get the map of Luke Skywalkers location and return it to the Resistance. If he can't be trusted with the super secret plan of "using the escape ships to go to the nearest planet and wait for help", then the resistance should just pack it in.

No one aboard that ship is more trustworthy than Poe. To write his character as some explosion seeking flyboy who can't be trusted is ridiculous. He was one of the main people who formulated the plan to attack Starkiller base and he himself finished the job. If you ask him to just blindly follow orders in a situation where lives are at stake with what looks like no actual plan, then you have only yourself to blame when he tries to come up with something better.
I feel like the mystery of TFA was interesting at least. If you don't want to tackle all of those threads in your own movie, don't do it. But to take them and just cut them all off with NO pay off whatsoever is insulting.

A good writer would see those mysteries as an opportunity. They lay the groundwork for future stories to be told. No one said Rian had to answer them in this movie. Rey's parents could be saved for the last movie if you really wanted to. But it's almost as if he purposefully went out of his way to literally destroy every single mystery from TFA with no reason. 

That's just poor writing. This isn't a one-off movie. He didn't continue the story. He wrote his own thing. 
Gotta agree. The force shows her a vision of Luke and Kylo and the Knights of Ren... it shows her herself as a child being left by her family... it has Obi Wan say her name and claim that these are her first steps.

EVERYTHING about her vision when she first touched the light saber was hinting at some significance to her life. Why would the vision include her own backstory in addition to some moments of Luke's life, as well as the words of Obi Wan if she just comes from nothing. 
And that it's very unclear what her name is in the movie. The only reason I know it's Holdo is from people discussing her online.
Can you pm me the details as well. 
I'll offer $5 PayPal for the two. 
I'll give $7 PayPal. Might not be allowed in this subreddit but thought I'd offer. 
Get up them apples and pears!
Literally no one is saying "Poe is so cool and does everything right". You seem to be the ONLY person acting like Holdo is right no matter what and ANY criticism of her is sexist because she is a woman and can do no wrong. Do you not see the hypocrisy of your statements?

Poe disobeyed orders to start a bomb run on the Dreadnaught. They lost a lot of lives but ended up successful. Had he not done that, the Dreadnaught was going to blow them out of the sky, given that they could track the Resistance through hyperspace. So while he was demoted, he was also the ONLY thing that even gave them a chance to survive. 

There is no reason to withhold information from him other than posturing. And with the lives of "the spark" on the line, that is simply not the time for Holdo to be teaching a lesson to someone she considered a hot headed flyboy. He happens to be the sole pilot who helped plan and execute the destruction of Starkiller base, saving the galaxy from complete First Order rule. 


If he didn't disobey orders and blow up the dreadnaught there would be no Resistance to execute him. The only reason the First Order wasn't blowing them out of the sky was because Poe took the initiative to start the bomb run and take out their biggest ship. 


Funny thing is, they kind of mirrors the new Star Wars movies. TFA was a good film with a few flaws but had some good questions that we wanted answered. Then comes TLJ and says "fuck it" and does it's own thing. 
Doing all the setups and heists in order (not joining other crews and running setups in the middle of yours) will net you an extra bonus after all 3 acts. I did them all with one other person and we each got an extra $500k at the end. 
Welcome to Reddit. It's a public comment thread. I find your excuses to be bullshit and felt the need to post my opinion about it. Just like you felt the need to post comments defending this shitty thing apple is doing. 
Oh stop. If I notice my phone running slowly my first thought isn't "hmm, the battery must be failing". Most people would just think that the phone is too old to rub the newest iOS and feel the need to upgrade. 

Stop defending this. 
Go watch the trailers for TLJ. They NEVER make it out to be some funny humorous film. Though almost every serious moment in the film is turned into a joke. 

I didn't go into this with my own expectations, I went in with the expectations that were given to me from the trailers and the story that existed in TFA. This movie ignored both of those and did it's own thing. The trailer straight up shows Luke training Rey. It's just lying. 
I saw reviews on the site giving it 10/10 but claiming it was actually a 6-7/10 but they are giving it 10/10 to "make up" for the low ratings. 
God speed Nest... God (Particle) speed. 
And left part of a map to his location in R2. 
Completely agree. There was a lot I liked but most of that was thrown out the window as quickly as it came. There were also a number of scenes that could have been completely removed as they served no purpose and just made the movie drag or seem ridiculous. 

Finally, this film seemed scared to let its serious moment hang in the air. Often the tension would be broken with a sight gag, or some strange quip. Making it feel more like a Marvel movie then Star Wars. Humor in Star Wars is fine, but the extent they went to to always have some kind of humor even in the MOST intense of moment is overboard. It bordered on prequel-levels of cringey humor that only ruined the atmosphere of the story and movie. 

The logo was red on all the marketing for godsake, let this movie be serious and dark. 
It makes him trustworthy though. He didn't need to be in charge. He just wanted to know the plan. The only reason given for not telling him is "they were concerned about a mole" (which wasn't really made clear at all in the movie but seems to be the popular excuse) OR that he needs to learn a lesson about following orders. 

Both of those explaination lack any logic to the situation. Withholding information about a life or death plan while the enemy is literally on your tail and you are running out of fuel is ridiculous. That is not the time to teach a lesson to someone who has always put the resistance above all else. It's such a simple plan. He would have been fine with it just like he was as soon as he found out.
Exactly this. Trying to paint Poe as some crazy flyboy is ridiculous. He is a hero to the resistance. He singlehandedly got the map to Luke under the order of Leia as one of her most trusted pilots. Then he destroyed Starkiller base after helping build the plan to make it happen. 

Leia may not always agree with him, but she certainly trusts him. Withholding information from him is a ridiculous plot device. He can be impulsive but he is trustworthy and Holdo should know that. She had no reason not to just tell him the plan. 
It also took all those seeds that the TFA planted and uprooted them all. Luke tossing the saber, Reys parents being nobody's, killing Snoke with no explanation of where he came from. 

Why would Luke leave a map to his location of he went there to die? 
That's fine. But then don't make the trailer out to be a Jedi training story. I don't mind having my own personal expectations be wrong, but they straight up advertised this as Luke training Rey on the island. I am fine with some hesitation to train another Jedi. But he didn't really teach her anything. 
Exactly. Simply dropping it and waking away would have been a much better choice. I don't want humor in that moment. I want a real reaction from a character I've waited 30 years to see again. 
Couldn't disagree more about the lightsaber toss. What an insult to the years of anticipation of waiting for Luke's reaction. They treated it like a slapstick comedy routine. I'm fine with humor in the saga, but this was too much.

If he wants to reject the lightsaber, that's fine. I'm on board. Bot not with some jokey fling over his shoulder. This is the first contact he has had with ANYONE in years, and the first time he has seen this lightsaber since... when? Death Star 2? It's a reminder of the moment he learned the truth about his father. The last time he saw it was right before his lowest moment in the entire saga. And he treats it as a joke, as nothing. Not even a single moment of pause to reflect on HOW it is here, and WHY. He has shut himself off from the force, so he couldn't sense that was was returning to him. 

But instead of focusing on the legacy of that saber and the importance it holds to Luke and his journey. They have him just fling it away like nothing for a quick laugh. I hate that so much.
ECorp
Do you consider baseball cards and magic the gathering gambling? 
Cosmetic items doesn't change the fundamental issue of attracting gambling addicts. So which is it? Are you trying to save children and addicts from gambling or don't want items that affect gameplay. 

Currently there is no pay to win in Star Wars. And frankly even with paid loot boxes in Star Wars, there is little to no real advantage. I earn enough credits and crafting parts from playing that I can make any card I want without waiting on random chance. That cards change your abilities but the boosts they give are not that drastic. It's more about skill in my opinion from playing since launch. 

If you say so. But games cost money. And it's rising exponentially. The price of buying a game hasn't changed in two decades. I'm not a math major, but I don't think these companies are just going to kiss their major source of ongoing revenue goodbye without finding there eats to make it back. 

These companies aren't charities bo bo. They are expected to maintain and update games for years after launch and provide new content. That all costs money. If they aren't making it from microtransactions, they will find another way.
This is also dangerous for what their definition of a loot box is. A loot box is simply a product. A digital product. You aren't lied to about what you are getting. You are told you'll get a certain amount of items. It's up to you to decide if that is worth it or not. You won't walk away with nothing. And you cant make money off of it. It's not gambling. 

It's a risk. Which we sometimes call a "gamble" but so is eating Thanksgiving left over 2 weeks later. 

We don't make restrictions to how many shoes someone can buy. Or how many watches they can. Why should this be different? I'm sorry some people have poor spending habits but I don't want the government telling people what and how much they can buy. 

And if this is about children, you wouldn't give your child $100 and let them run loose in Target and then blame Target when the kid comes back with $100 worth of candy. Similarly you shouldn't give your child access to a device with your credit card info stored on it and not expect them to buy whatever they want. It's not my fault some parents are not monitoring thier children. It's not a government problem either. 

The fact is, these loot boxes are no different than things like baseball cards, magic the gathering, blind boxes for Funko pops or other figurines, or services like Loot Crate or Birch Box.  
Even if Battlefront 2 had kept paid looking boxes the advantages of the star cards inside are extremely minimal. You can be top of the team with no active star cards and bottom of the team with 3 fully leveled up cards. Having a fractional advantage in abilities does not make a big difference to skill and strategy in the game. 

I'd much rather keep games at $60 and let the whales eat the extra costs. Cheaper games means more players and longevity to the game. 
The only insult is refusing to discuss the issue. You disagree with me but offer no counter points other than stating I'm wrong. This seems to be a trend with people on your side of the issue. You just treat everyone else as wrong and refuse to listen to differing opinions. Anything to keep your torches and pitchforks out, right?
Lootboxes are an optional form of purchase in a video game. They aren't preying on children. It's a digital purchase. If you ask government to step in and ban lootboxes in video games, then you must have them ban baseball cards, magic the gathering cards, blind boxes for funko pops and other figures, services like Loot Crate or BirchBox, and any other product where the contents of the product are unknown at time of purchase.

This is a dangerous restriction to be ASKING for in video games simply because some people are purchasing loot boxes. Buying loot boxes isn't detrimental to your health. You can't overdose on loot boxes, or hurt yourself or others while opening loot boxes. It's not like drugs or alcohol. 

It's a purchase of an innocent (and mostly pointless) product. Just because some people are addicting to spending money on certain products doesn't mean we should restrict those products from being sold. I know a lot of people who spend $1,000s on shoes or purses each month and have credit card debit and living paycheck to paycheck, but I'm not asking the government to ban purses just because some people have poor spending habits or don't understand the value of money.

You wouldn't hand your child $100 and send them to the store and then blame the store when the kid comes back with $100 worth of candy. Similarly, you shouldn't be surprised that a child would rack up $100s on video games purchases when you give them access to a device that has your credit card info stored in it with no restrictions.

Gambling is defined as "play games of chance for money". Lootboxes give you NO opportunity to make money and you never walk away with nothing after spending your money. You always get something. The items you get may not be the exact items you wanted, but you get exactly what you were told, most likely "4/5 items of this type". Just because you don't like the items that were in the loot box, doesn't make it gambling. You KNEW before purchasing that you weren't getting the specific item, yet you still purchased. That is on YOU, not the game.

We often call taking a risk a "gamble", which a loot box is... a risk. It's a chance. But that is MUCH different from the actual act of "gambling" where money is bet in the chance to win more money. By your definition, my lunch could be considered gambling since I don't know if I'm going to like it until after I eat it.

Asking the government to step in and make drastic changes to the video game industry is a horrible idea. This is the same government who would love nothing more than to ban ANY violent video game. Who constantly tries to act like terrorists and murders are using video games as "simulations" to prepare for their crimes. And now you are BEGGING them to come in and have free reign over what publishers can do in their games.

Also realize that forcibly cutting off a major revenue stream for games will just offset the costs to other areas of the game. Instead of having some rich whales spend $1,000s on loot boxes while everyone else just pays $60, expect base game prices to raise, expect less content in the game, and more paid DLC packs to get what you normally paid $60. These companies aren't stupid. They aren't going to turn off a major source of funding and not find a new way to make that money. You are just asking to pay more with this fight to get rid of things that you don't even have to buy!
And that's why you'll always be misinformed. You have no interest in hearing the opinions of others or understanding what you are even talking about. You just plug your ears and assume you are right. 
And we hate you for practically begging the government to get involved in the gaming industry and demanding that OPTIONAL microtransactions are stripped from games which could lead to increases in the base price of games and stricter government control of video games. All so you won't be offended by those big bad optional loot boxes. 

Get your head out of your ass and stop acting like you are some damn hero for spreading misinformation and lies about a video game simply because you don't like that they had the plan to sell loot boxes for real money. They turned that off before the official launch of the game, you can get the boxes for free from playing the game, and you can craft any of the items you get in the boxes for free using in-game parts. 

I'm sorry you think I'm a "traitor" for not jumping on the bandwagon but this is just stupid. You are patting yourselves on the back for any negative news about the game regardless of if it's true or not. You aren't heroes, you are just assholes with pitchforks who don't even know what you're angry about anymore, you just want to be angry. 
It had to have happened. We've seen the One WTC building in the background shots around Elliots apartment. That would be the twin towers if 9/11 never happened. 
That actually sounds really sweet. 
Except the movies ending literally has the T-Rex come in and team up with the Raptors to save the day, and then instead of the T-Rex killing the humans that are RIGHT THERE, he basically gives the equivalent of a T-Rex thumbs up and runs off into the distance.
I could understand if the gruesome nature of the innocent assistants death lead to further developments in the story. But it doesn't. It's literally never mentioned again. 

George RR Martin may have a similar way of having bad things happen to good or innocent people but those parts of the story usually lead the way to more story. They aren't there just to look cool, or freak people out. He follows through on the fall out of those events and how relationships change because of them.

Jurassic World did NO reflecting and learned nothing from the events.
Buying individual cards isn't removing the gambling aspect. It's just offsetting it. How did the person who is selling you the card get it? They opened packs. You aren't gambling but someone else is in order to get the card you are buying. You aren't experiencing it but the entire way cards are obtained is through the exact same practice as loot boxes. Random packs.

And it doesnt matter if the most expensive items aren't the most powerful. You are still getting the ability to build a specific deck if you pay to buy cards as one offs. While someone with less money might just buy a booster pack and play with that. Your ability to buy cards outright is an advantage. You can play the way you want, nothing is left to chance, and you know you'll have the cards you want to make your deck better. Versus someone who only buys packs, you have an advantage because you paid for it. 
An increase is an increase. Let's first be happy that they are upping it. They also mention that these are just the changes that are ready to roll out now and more are coming. I'm hopeful that they will be transitioning to a performance based payout but are still working out the details. I'm guessing this increase is just to get some positive change for players before the event. And after that we will see more updates to the payout system. 
Right. What happens after is a market where the highest bidder get the best cards and individuals can profit off their luck of opening packs. How is that not both gambling and pay to win?
I thought talking to me was pointless. So why are you still here?
Or just play the game for fun. If you are just idling to get boxes then be my guest. Just wasting your own time. Have fun buddy. 
Ah so you resort to insults because you have no valid counter points. 

Keep fighting that good fight to get the government involved in video games to put an end to optional loot boxes. I'm sure that movement is going to do lots of good for the gaming industry. I can't forsee any problems with that. 
MTG secondary market is what makes it gambling. What do you think people do to get the cards you can buy individually? They open packs. Just because you aren't buying and opening the packs doesn't mean it's not happening. 

The secondary market gives customers the opportunity to sell back the cards they get for REAL money. Which makes buying packs gambling. Just because you don't do that doesn't mean it's not happening. 

And most all games with lootboxes have an in-game currency used to buy or craft the specific items you want. 

But users can't make a profit off the game if they are lucky enough. But with MTG you can. How is that not gambling?

If you could buy specific cards directly from Wizards of the Coast I'd be more willing to accept it but you can't. The only way to get cards is to buy packs. Just because you by specific cards second hand doesn't mean that other people didn't have to open several packs for it.

I consider it worse that there is a secondary market. It's pay to win on top of a forced gambit system of obtaining cards. 
But you miss my point. The ONLY way to get cards is to open packs. Just because you didn't personally open the package doesn't mean that the card you wanted wasn't obtained that way. 

You are just offsetting the responsibility of buying and opening packs to someone else. Wizards of the Coast don't sell cards individually. A store might, but the store had to open packs that they could have otherwise sold to customers. In that sense they are taking the risk of opening them and selling split up instead of just selling the packs. 

The way you describe it makes it clearly much more an issue of pay to win AND gambling over any digital loot box in a video game. 
Who do you pay to win? Wizards of the Coast don't sell individual cards. 

If you are ok with Magic then you should have no issues with what EA is doing. It's much less pay to win and everything is optional. To excuse Magic and hate on Star Wars is hypocritical. 
And the people who buy more card packs have more cards and better chance at having rare and powerful cards. 
But some where along the way someone had to open packs to get the cards you want. Offsetting the action necessary to get specific cards doesn't mean that it's not happening. It may be cheaper and easier for you but someone else had to put the time into finding those cards. 
You can't buy specific cards straight from WotC. Someone somewhere has to open packs to get those cards. Buying them from some other player is so much more like gambling and paying to win. It encourages people to buy packs to get rares to sell. And it rewards the practice of buying cards second hand to give you an advantage. 
But the fact that you can resell makes the more like gambling. And since you are paying to get the specific cards you want, you are paying to win. 

You have changed the argument to t being able the long term value of the items you get. But that is zero for almost everything in life. In ten years the tv I bought could be worthless. 
I'd say that makes it worse. Instead of money going to the creators to support the game you are encouraging the "lotto" style nature of the card packs by selling to individuals. It gives you a chance to make a profit off the game instead of the creators. 
But if everyone has the same odds then it's not pay to win. You may not get exactly what you want, but neither do anyone else. If you can pay a high price to get any card you want then you are literally paying to win. 
The cards are worthless to anyone who isn't interested in them. Outside of the secondary market they are worthless. The player base is like the casino. 
That's ridiculous. You can't sell the in-game items to other people for real money. You don't get anything back. But with cards you do! Trading cards are like the chips. 
In most games you can craft any item. Overwatch gives you coins to buy them. Star wars gives you crafting parts to make any card. Is it worse that you have to get those coins or crafting parts though playing the game instead of paying money for them?


What? You have an option where you buy a pack with random cards and have a chance to get a good item that you can resell for money. 

And you have an option where you buy a loot box with random items and have a chance to get a good item that you can't trade.

One option allows you to make money. One option doesn't. I'd say the option where you can "win" back money by the luck of the draw is more like gambling. 
And no smart person spends $1000 on loot boxes in a game. But everyone wants the government to step in and save poor addicts from loot boxes while brushing off the fact that cards games like this have an actual gambling aspect to them with a market to resell and make profit. 
Yeah and my whole point is that a secondary market makes it more like gambling as you have a place to sell the card and make money. And people in these comments have already stated how they would buy packs just looking for rare cards to sell. That is gambling. A loot box isn't gambling because you have no way of making money on it. 

The value of the contents isn't 0. You aren't forced to buy a loot box. You buy it because you want what is inside. Is the value of a sandwich 0 after I eat it? By your logic if I can't resell it later than is worthless. 

It's also pay to win when someone can just come in and buy the EXACT cards they want while someone else can't afford to buy those cards. The person who pays more and uses the secondary market is buying their way to a solid deck and better chances at winning. 
That makes it MORE like gambling. And MORE like pay to win. The rarest and best cards are being resold on a secondary market to the highest bidder and kids are learning that if they buy enough packs they may get lucky and get a card they can make money on. 

So is this an argument about pay to win and gambling or is it an argument about the value of the contents of a lootbox. Because the goalposts seem to change constantly. 

Trading cards are so much more gambling and pay to win than loot boxes in digital games. Yet people are making excuses for them and asking the government to get involved in loot boxes. Such hypocritical bullshit. 
That death star is powerful. They aimed it at Alderaan. Shot at it. Never saw Alderaan again. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/iphone/comments/7gnh97/this_is_ridiculous_iphone_x_running_1112_ive_hard/
Yo dad. Yodad. Yoda. It's Yoda!

Annie's kin. Anniekin. Anakin. 

He walked. 'E walked. Ewok! It just works. 

Right Steve do we 'ave a winner?

I'm gonna give it to u/voidvector because his name tickled me. 
Right. Time for Starbusters. 

That's a slang greeting for your father. Y. 

That little red headed orphan has a nice family. A. 

How'd that fella get to the store? The buses aren't running today. E. 


You mean take the dust jacket off the book? Naughty!
I don't admire someone for reading a lot. Congratulations, you read a book. It's not a fucking achievement nor are all books some intellectual masterpiece that make you a better or deeper person. There are a lot... I mean A LOT of shit books out there. 

Reading a lot is no different than enjoying films or dramas or any other hobby honestly. Just somewhere along the way people started acting like reading is somehow more respectable than other interests because you use your brain to read words, so that means you are smart.
But you have to pay money for the game... and sometimes for the subscription fee to play... and for the expansions packs to keep playing the updates. 
I agree. The style fits the franchise, but I want to see the characters in color and as much detail as possible.
Fastest pizza delivery I've ever received. Very friendly and generous! Couldn't be more pleased! Thank you!
Pizza Delivery for I. C. Wiener! Thank you so much! Sending you a PM now.
CAAAGEEEE!!!!
That statement was said in relation to the fact that heroes cost 60k credits. It wasn't in regards to the pay to win system. You can't actually pay money to unlock the heroes. There are issues with the game but playing the game to unlock content isn't some grand evil nor is it new to video games. The amount of time required to unlock content was a problem and they adjusted it, just like this post said they would do. 

The statement is pretty vanilla and safe but I really fail to see what is so wrong about it. The EA Reddit PR team isn't in charge of the game. They just acknowledged the issue, gave a reason for why it was designed that way and said it could be adjusted it the data shows a need for adjustments. A few days later they cut the price of heroes by 75% so obviously that was a true statement. 
I'm just as excited as everyone else... but I want to see content from Marvel. Not fan videos. That does nothing for me but annoy me. I'd have been happy with a trailer full of clips from the past movies building up the announcement. The fact that it was intercut with fake over-reactions from strangers was just stupid.
Because I don't believe begging the government to come and add restrictions to video games will work out for the best in the long run. I'd rather see people take responsibility for their own actions or their childrens actions and not have government getting involved. This opens the door to ban certain games that promote violence. Or other negative consequences that would come from government placing restrictions on video games. Don't kill this industry by letting suits come in and make laws about it just because you want to "protect the children" from buying things in a video game where they shouldnt even have access to payment methods. 

Why let government get involved when all it takes is parents doing actually parenting. 
They didn't even really overstep. Systems like CSGO have a much worse system where digital items are resold on a secondary market for money. Meaning they incentivize you to buy keys in hopes of getting an item that you can resell for a lot of money. THAT is gambling.

Buying some loot boxes in hopes of getting a star card that gives you a minimal performance boost and isn't tradable is  extremely innocent compared to the secondary markets of games like CSGO and TF2. Yet there is no outrage for those practices.
Or maybe the parents should do a better job of monitoring their children and supervising them. My parents didn't set me loose in Target with a credit card. If they did, I would have bankrupted them on Marvel Trading Cards in the 90s. Not because I was "addicted" but because I didn't know the value of money and just wanted the hologram Wolverine card.

Likewise, parents shouldn't hand their kids a phone or console with a stored credit card on it with no restrictions and no expect the kids to use it.

So let's make laws to stop kids from doing things that parents should be stopping them from doing in the first place? 
So you are now saying buying pokemon cards is equal to illegal drugs and weapons?

Since when did reddit become the SJW that they hated so much just a few months ago? Do you really want the government getting involved in pokemon cards, magic the gathering, video games, and any other product where the contents of the product are a mystery?

Loot Crate, BirchBox, BarkBox... any of the clothing boxes where you get new clothes each month... it's all the same. Paying money for the unknown. If that is gambling then where does it stop? I don't know the quality of the food I order for dinner... is it gambling to eat out now? Should the government stop people from taking the risk of eating at a restaurant because they may not like the taste of the food they order? 

At some point you have to let people have their freedoms and make poor decisions for themselves. No one is killing other people with a trading card. No one is getting high or overdosing on loot boxes. The worst case scenario is someone wasting all their money on them... but that is THEIR choice. I don't want to baby-proof the world just because some people have bad spending habits. Some people spend $1500 on a dinner for two. I think that is a waste of money and some people get addicted to living a lavish lifestyle. Should we get rid of fancy restaurants to save those people from going into debt?
Completely agree with you.

I don't think people realize the ramifications of giving the government control over what game developers can and can't do in video games. 

It also sets a very dangerous precedent to be labeling loot boxes as "gambling". A digital loot box in a video game is no more gambling than blind boxes of figures, trading cards, subscription box services (like Loot Crate, Birch Box, BarkBox, etc), or any other transaction where you getting a random or unknown item. Do you really think kids collecting Pokemon cards is gambling? No one has had an issue with baseball cards being sold to kids for decades, but now that the same principle applies to a video game you are suddenly concerned for the well being of children? 

Maybe parents should be supervising what their children buy online. You wouldn't hand your child your credit card and let them run freein ToysRUs... so why would you hand them a device with your credit card information stored on it without any restrictions on purchasing? Don't blame the game companies for trying to sell a product. It may be scummy and annoying, but it's not wrong for them to say "here is a random box of 5 items for this price". It's up to the person purchasing the item to determine if that is worth the price. And if that person is too young to be making decisions like that, it's up to their parents to monitor what they are doing.

No one is forcing you to buy a loot box. The star cards in this specific game don't even give you that big of an advantage, and any of them can be crafted using parts you can receive just by playing the game. Nothing in this game is unobtainable through normal play. Within a few days of playing I have enough crafting parts to make and upgrade several cards to the max. I've unlocked several heroes, and have had fun. I've been killed by people with NO star cards, and killed people who have max star cards. I've never felt like someone had an unfair advantage based on what cards they have. No one is paying $20 to get dual-wielding rocket launchers. 

Stop being so short sighted by ASKING the government to get involved in video games. This is the LAST thing you should want. 
I didn't downvote you but I can see why others have. You're assumption is that someone who has no intention of buying something can just take it as long as it's just a copy and didn't cost the company making it any extra money. That is flawed logic. 

Entertainment costs money to make. Alot of money. On cable they fund this through subscriptions and advertising. If someone doesn't own cable and illegally downloads an episode then the content is losing both sources of funding. Your logic is that because this person didn't have cable and wasn't going to get cable to watch the show that its ok to steal it. Which is wrong. If you want something enough you should pay for it or go without. You don't get to decide that something isn't worth the asking price so you will just take it. You either wait for it to come out on a service that you are willing to pay for or don't watch it. It doesn't matter if you wouldn't have paid for it. 

You are stealing. There is nothing proud about it. Go ahead and steal content from productions that actually deserve the funding. But don't act like you are doing anyone else a favor. You are just too poor or cheap to actually pay for things. 
Because your free experience comes at the cost of everyone else paying for that content to be produced. You can easily buy any episode or season you want of a show through various services, iTunes, Amazon, Google Play. The option in there to not pirate without cable and have an add-on experience. But you are just too cheap or selfish to actually use it. 

You don't get to decide how much something should cost. If you think it's too much for cable or you don't like the experience then don't buy it, but you don't get to have the content for free just because you decide you don't want to pay for it. That just causes costs for everyone else who actually supports the shows to go up. 

You are creating a self fulfilling prophecy by stealing. Costs go up and ads needs to be increased to fund the channels providing content. But then you complain that the price is too high and there are too many ads. 

If everyone just paid for the content then prices could be lower and there wouldn't be such a need for ads. 

There is nothing self righteous about stealing content. You aren't a hero or championing some movement. You are just cheap and making other people subsidize your content.
Same kind of person who brags about cutting the cord and then just pirates all the tv they want to watch while saying cable is expensive and full of ads. No shit. When most people steal something the price has to go up for everyone else.
I wish you could adjust your direction in mid air. It's kind of pointless without that. 
Whoa whoa hold on there. Are you offering me a job?
Any parent who gives their kids access to a device with their credit card information stored in it should be aware of what could happen. 

And losing in gambling can often mean very different things. A slot machine could payback 95% which is still a loss but much less than all or nothing. 

You are acting like the fact that you get a physical thing makes a difference. A duplicate baseball card is as worthless as a duplicate digital in-game item. Actual it's more worthless since most games give you in-game credit for dupes. 

The fact is, if someone chooses to purchase a digital loot box it's because they want the digital in-game items. They may not get exactly what they want, but they are deciding that they are willing to spend the money on it. Just like when buying a pack of cards you want the cards. You may not get the specific cards you really wanted but that's what it is. 

Trying to get government involved to stop loot boxes is so short sighted. You really want our government havijg control over video games? Just because you think some kids are being "preyed" on by loot boxes? How fragile are you? Give a kid $50 and he will buy what he wants. Give him a device tied to your credit card without supervision and he will do the same thing. It's not preying on kids. It's kids not understanding the value of money and parents not supervising their kids. 
That only makes it MORE like gambling since the contents could be resold for actual money. 

And the same way a parent shouldn't give their kid a credit card or lots of cash and let them buy 50 packs of cards, a parent shouldn't just let their children have in restricted access to purchasing things on a console without supervision. You can set the parental controls on consoles and on iOS. Don't blame someone else for bad parenting. If you let your kid buy digital content without supervision then that is your fault. Not the games fault. 
No they are not regulated. But you are paying money for random items that could be good or could be bad. The same thing you said is the problem with the loot boxes. So where do we draw the line and WHY do we draw it? If we are placing one set of laws on loot boxes but letting trading cards get away with the same behavior then that is unfair and just makes it clear that this isn't about the worry of gambling. 
Are baseball cards or magic the gathering gambling?


The game is amazing. Don't listen to the circlejerk of people who haven't even played the game and judge it based on misinformation and lies. Lots of fun and looks incredible. Definitely worth picking up. 
Population is great on Xbox. Never have any trouble jumping into a match. Longest wait is like 20-30 seconds. 
According to everyone else on this subreddit you are just a complainer for wanting a $1000 decide that suits your needs. Just shut up and accept what Apple gives you and be thankful like the rest of these people. /s
All the hysteria is coming from people who never played the game and are just regurgitating misinformation and lies about the game. 
So is alcohol and cigarettes. But we don't ban those from everyone just because some people have problems with them. We can't have a society where we restrict anything that one person could abuse just to protect that one person from themself. That would be out of hand. And so would this. 

I'm sorry you feel the need to buy loot boxes in game but you determine what you want to spend money on. The random nature of the box is part of the allure and part of the "thrill". To say that no one else should get to experience that when they use it in moderation only because you can't control yourself is wrong. 

If you honestly believe that then you should be fighting for a ban on sugar, alcohol, cigarettes, drugs and so much more. 


You're delusional if you don't realize that publications are giving it low scores to get clicks and shares from all the controversy. 

The game is a solid improvement on the first with so much more content. The progression system is the only flaw of the game and it honestly doesn't feel much different than most FPS. I've never felt like someone killed me ONLY because they had better cards than me. 
As you do. 
By that logic ordering food is a gamble. I could make the meal myself but that would cost more to go out and buy the ingredients. So I pay someone less money and save time in hopes of getting a good meal that tastes good. But I may end up getting a meal that tastes bad and it could be a waste. 

At what point do we stop acting like we need regulations on things? No one ever had an issue with baseball cards before. But those can be resold for actual money. Random digital items in a video game that can't be resold is not gambling. It's buying random items. It may trigger some people with addictive gambling personalities but frankly it's not the responsibility of the game to stop people from buying things. You don't expect Topps to refuse to sell cards to children. 
No, but the rate at which you unlock loot boxes can vary based on your skill within the game. 
Day 1 DLC doesn't mean it's part of the base game. It's additional content. Determined to not be part of the base game by the developer. Just because they worked on it while the game was still being made doesn't mean they have to give it to you for free. 

They present the game for the asking price and the additional content for an asking price. They are seperate and only the developer can feel what is and isn't part of the full game. If you believe the base game isn't worth the price, that's your opinion.  But you can't dictact what is and isn't the full game. 
In Overwatch you didn't know what you were getting. Loot boxes work the exact same way in SWBF2. 

No one is forcing you to pay ANY money in Star Wars. Playing for a few days to unlock some of the heroes isnt wrong. Just like playing a few days to upgrade the mods of a gun in Battlefield or COD. You don't get those things within a day of playing. It takes time to unlock the kilkstreaks and new guns and mods in COD. 

Your performance in Overwatch is also based on time played more so than performance. They also limit how many Arcade loot boxes you can get per week.

An AFK bit in SWBF2 would not earn as much or more credits than someone playing. Credits based on performance is low, but it's still a factor. Also, it evens the credit payouts so losing a match doesn't mean a significant drop in the credits earned. That is a good thing. 

A gold medal in Overwatch awards an extra 150 XP. Every 20,000 is a lootbox. Which means that 150 XP is equivalent to 0.75% of a lootbox. Your personal performance in a match is worth 0.75%. In terms of SWBF2, loot boxes are 4,000. Meaning 0.75% of that is 30 credits. Which seems pretty spot on from what I've seen in matches. That means getting an extra 30 credits for being top of the team is the same as getting a gold medal in Overwatch. 

You are just excusing the same behavior in games you like and bitching about it in others. EA wants money. Blizzard wants money. Every publisher wants money. Blizzard doesn't let you drop $3 on the specific skin you want. You have to buy loot boxes to get coins to buy it. Just like SWBF2 has crafting parts in loot boxes to make the cards you want. It's the EXACT same system. To say one is fine and the other isn't is just your personal bias. 
It does though. In most games your progress towards lootboxes is based on your level or currency earned by playing. The better you play the faster you level up or the more currency you earn. 
Because slot machines pay back actual money. If anything, the regulations legitimize them. No one would gamble in a place where the pay outs weren't regulated. 
Overwatch lootboxes function the EXACT same way as SWBF2. The ONLY difference is that the contents of SWBF2 loot boxes provide character upgrades and Overwatch is just cosmetics. 

However that aspect is irrelevant to the issue of gambling. 
As a customer you are not in a position to question what a "complete" game is. Adding content after a game has released doesn't mean that content should have been included for free. The publisher decides what they consider to be the full game and then release additional content for more money. 

You, as a consumer can decide that what they are giving you for that price is not worth it, but you have no right to claim what is or isn't a full game. 
The value is what the user agrees to pay. By paying for a loot box the person paying has put the value of that loot box at the price they paid. In that respect, what ever is inside the loot box has the value of that which was paid. Regardless of the contents. 
But you can craft any card in the game using the currency found in lootboxes. So no card is locked behind a "random chance". You just craft it and you have it. 

The fact that it affects gameplay doesn't make it more or less gambling. That point is irrelevant to the gambling aspect of it. 

Paying money for random digital items is not gambling any more than buying a pack of baseball cards is gambling. 
Then baseball cards and magic the gathering style cards are also gambling, if not more so since those can be resold and often have markets just for that purpose. The random boxes at comic conventions would fall under that category too. 

Games like Rocket League don't even let you buy the stuff you want. You HAVE to buy keys to unlock crates to get the rare cosmetics and you ahve no control over what you get and there is no way to buy the specific item you want. 

At least in SFBF2 and games like Overwatch, you can use in-game currency earning through playing to buy specific items or just wait until you get it in a loot box. 

You can't directly just buy the specific baseball card you want from a pack from the manufacturer. You HAVE to buy it from a third party. That makes it even worse in my opinion. 

SWBF2 at least let's you just craft the items you want. Ok that respects no one card is held behind some rarity that makes it only obtainable to those who pay real money for it. 
No, you paid the dollar the play the game. The prize is the reward based on your performance. 
They are the same. The amount of money you spend on cards directly impacts your chances of having better cards and a better deck. If that isn't the equivalent of progression in card form, I don't know what is. 
But that same could be said for baseball cards, magic the gathering, and so many other things that no one has a problem with. These are digital items being sold in a random bag. No one is buying loot boxes thinking they will become a millionaire. They are buying them to get an item they want. They may not get it, but it's the exact same as buying baseball cards. That was never considered gambling. 
Then so should baseball cards, toys in cereal, magic the gathering and lots of other things sold to kids. 

Advertising preys on children, hell it preys in adults too. It uses physiological effects to attempt to influence people. 

A loot box is essentially buying a random digital bonus item. It could be good, it could be bad. It's random. In that sense it is a "gamble", but it's not the act of actually gambling. It's a risk of spending money for something that could be good or bad. 

I could spend $150 on a dinner that could be good or bad. I might not like the steak. I'm unsure of the quality of what I'm getting. I can pick what I want, but I can't guarantee that after having it I will consider it worth the cost. 

It's not a video games responsibility to monitor children's spending habits. When I was a kid, I would have spent every penny I had on Marvel cards trying to find the hologram cards. But my parents wouldn't let me buy them in bulk like that. They were responsible and taught me how to be. There was no war on Topps for selling packs of random cards to kids for money and fostering an addictive personality. It was up to the parents to raise their children. 

If an adult wants to buy lootboxes for random digital items, they should be allowed to. Loot boxes wouldn't exist and continue to exist if people weren't buying them. Maybe it does prey on certain types of people, but it's not a video games responsibility to help those people or refrain from selling items in a way that interests those people. 

If a child wants to buy loot boxes its up to the parents to monitor what their children are spending on and teach them. Video games with loot boxes aren't educational. 

I don't expect a game to remove microtransactions just because some kids like opening loot boxes and want to spend money on it. 

Just like I didn't expect Target to stop selling Marvel cards and baseball cards just because I wanted to buy a pack everytime I went there. 
I actually agree with you. We can go down in a blaze of glory together. 
By that logic lootboxes are not gambling. You are paying for digital goods. 
These people are the most aggressive, hostile, short-fused, sensitive punks you will ever meet. And they travel in groups of 4+. They noticed my girlfriend giving a thumbs down one time and they spent the rest of the ride in my face acting like everyone should love what they do. Then they threatened to kick my ass and were trying to get me to make a move.

These are the kinds of people who WANT an altercation to happen. They want money, but they want to act tough and start a fight much more. Nothing would make them happier than someone to say something to them so they can start something with them. 

There are countless news articles about groups like this beating anyone who tries to stand up to them. Don't provoke them. They have no money to sue for if they hurt you. Just walk away. Don't give them an outlet for their insecurities. They just want to be seen as tough.
I was not having a showtime one time and they started getting into face saying things like, "I bet you can't do this." Why would I be jealous of someone who spends his time spinning around on a filthy subway floor for change? I'm happy having a job and my own apartment and buying things. 
It didn't happen Karl!!!
NYC local here. Yes. These buildings exist. A lot of buildings are built right next to each other. So you don't build windows in a wall that is going to have another building right next to it. I'm not talking small gap between buildings, I mean right up against each other. There is actually some building codes that prevent you from having windows or other openings on the side depending on the location. Because if someone buys the property next to it and wants to build up, then the windows will be blocked. 

You see it a lot when a building gets demolished and sides of the surrounding buildings get exposed. If nothing new gets built in that space (or not built as high) you are left with big blank walls. 
That's fair, but the game itself it well made and has some of the best production quality in any recent game. For people to claim it deserves a 2/10 or shoule cost $20 is ridiculous. 

The progression system is flawed but it's no longer pay to win and even as it stands, there is rarely a major advantage to having star cards. They mostly change your abilities and your play style. I've never once felt like someone had an unfair advantage in multiplayer. If anything, the only issue has been team balancing. 

There is a lot of uninformed people making statements about something they have never tried and know nothing about. But because negativity towards the game gets upvoted, this will continue until these people get bored of talking about it and move on to the next popular Reddit outrage. 
Yeah thank goodness there is a place for people who enjoy the game to actually discuss it. Instead of people with nothing better to do with their lives than bitching about a game they have never played but feel like they know enough about it to make generalizations about it. 

Can't imagine how fulfilling your life must be to be spending your time complaining about a game you don't own and attempting to make fun of people for enjoying a video game. You really got me good there. 
Or maybe people have different opinions. Doesn't mean you have to insult them for having a differing opinion. That's just as childish and immature as the whine-fest this subreddit has turned into. Grow up and realize that not everyone jumps on board things just because it's popular. A lot of people think for themselves and create their own opinions instead of copying those around them to ensure they are accepted.
You are being ridiculous if you think the game is only worth $20. If you don't want to buy it, no one is making you but to act like this game should only be $20 is just blind rage from a woefully uninformed person. But continue to only listen to sources that confirm your opinion instead of actually trying it. I'm sure that will work out great for you. 
It's getting bad reviews to get clicks from people desperate to validate their echo chamber. Any negative piece on this game will get hits from this group of people who just want to continually bash a game they have not even played because it makes them feel accomplished in their "fight" against it. 
Also publications looking to get more hits and ad revenue by writing a review that validates the echo chamber of criticism. 
Then you will get paid DLC that splits the player base, less content in standard games, or higher base prices for games. 

At some point something has to give. The price of games has been the same for almost 2 decades. While the number of people it takes to make AAA games grows exponentially as well as salary requirements for those people. Quality of gameplay, models, textures, animation, writing, voice acting, design, UI, and more is higher than ever before. That costs money to produce. 

Micro-transactions are the industry way of keeping prices at $60. If you don't want those they prepare for shorter, lower quality games or higher price tags up front. 
Because games will have microtransactions. It's an unfortunate truth of games in this era. DLC comes at a cost... even free DLC. In this case, EA/DICE want to provide free DLC for at least a year but for that to happen, they need to have other streams of revenue from the game.

They clearly acknowledged the problem and put in a stop-gap so no one will be able to pay to progress in the game. Now comes to the time where they "hopefully" rework the progression system and find a way to use microtransactions for cosmetics or other non-gameplay affect features. 

Let's see what changes they make and respect that they are listening. 
I think this is just her coping mechanism. She distances herself from the situation. No longer treats him like a friend on first name basis, but as a former employee. I really doubt they are going to give Angela a split personality as well. It just doesn't make sense and would just be reusing the same old twist. 
Don't want to spoil anything but the next episode promo shows a hint of Angela seeing the news. 
It's from the IT Crowd. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab8GtuPdrUQ
Maybe just let him enjoy what he wants to enjoy. 
I don't need to read reviews. I actually play the game. This is the misinformation I'm talking about. 

I have played for a few hours with ZERO star cards and consistently place in the top third of my team easily. I've been killed by players with lvl 4 cards and I've killed them. Not once have I felt like those players had a significant advantage over me. Most times they just had the jump on me or had backup. 

I actually make my own decisions and experienced the game for myself instead of listening to the uninformed reviews of people who haven't even played the game. 

If you haven't tried it, you have no business leaving a review of it as you clearly don't know what you are talking about. 

This is the only disaster to come out of this whole thing. Though it's nothing new in the gaming community. Toxic attitudes and hivemind bullshit. 
The only disaster here is how horribly our community has handled this situation. Misleading headlines, misinformation, blatant lying about the game. Most comments and information are coming from people who haven't even played the game. Yet they spread the wrong information because it goes with their narrative that the game is flawed. 

There are issues that need to be addressed but acting like drama queens like you are is not necessary. It's not a disaster. It's a balancing issue at most. Something ALL games go through at launch. It's just becoming trendy to bash the game and EA for karma and headlines. 
I've been playing the trial with zero star cards and consistently place in the top third of my teams. The Star cards replace existing abilities or give very minimal upgrades to defense or offense. Not once have I lost a fight where I felt like that person beat me because they had some cards. This isn't some extreme tactical shooter. Its Battlefront. A fucking mess of blasters and implodes. 90% of the time you just get overwhelmed in choke points. Star cards just vary how you can play, not really giving giant advantages to players. 
In the E Corp building computer lab, there was a poster on the walk that was the same poster as in Mr Robot's store. Why would they have that up in a modern computer lab. 
Reddit isn't the only source of gaming information and given the amount of misinformation, misunderstanding and blatant lying I've seen in regards to this game, I'd say it is a poor source of accurate information. 

You call yourself informed but there are inaccurate posts being upvoted as if they are fact. The amount of people claiming that EA reduced the overall credits earned to negate the drop in hero cost proves this. As well as the wildly incorrect estimates on how much time or money it would take to unlock certain characters or all of the items. 

To take this objectively wrong information, spread it around like wild fire, confuse casual people and work them into a frenzy is wrong and a much bigger problem in the industry than some loot boxes and microtransactions, in my opinion. The toxic nature of the criticism followed by death threats, and the band wagon of hate towards any aspect of the game with no understanding of WHY it is that way is horrible thing to gaming in general. 

At the end of the day, I just want to enjoy playing a game. I don't really care about anyone elses opinion about the business practices. If I enjoy it, nothing else matters. To act like someone enjoying a game is bad because of your opinion of the game is a horrible attitude to have. 
How is that comment insightful? He is acting like his opinion of a video game is the correct opinion and imply that anyone who chooses to play the game is stupid. That's an egotistical and pointless comment to make. 
Yeah. Within 3-4 hours I had enough to buy two of the more expensive heroes at their reduced rates. At the original cost, it would take making 8 hires to unlock a hero. Not really that bad ether. 
If that number is anything like the 40 hours to unlock Vader at 60k estimate, it's extremely flawed. Within 4 hours of playing the trail I had 30k credits and was halfway to unlocking Vader. Obviously some of that was from Mission Rewards which would go away over time, but those payouts were fairly low (200-250) compared to what I was getting for a few minutes in Galactic Assault (330+).
They only lowered the reward you get for completing the Campaign to match the updated cost of the main character (who is an unlockable hero). You used to get 20k so you could unlock her, but now she costs 5k, so they give you 5k. Credit payout on all other aspects of the game have remained the same. Please inform yourself before spreading misinformation to others. This is the problem in the toxic community we have going on right now.
I disagree that playing old Battlefront would be as much fun. 

I don't really see this game as harming consumer rights. It has microtransactions for things that I could easily earn by playing the game. If some one wants to pay to get more loot boxes, so be it. I'm not spending an extra dime and will eventually have the same things. 

The rest is just a balancing and tweaking issue. Something that I'm sure will happen over time as it happens with every major multiplayer game. The game isn't even officially released yet. They have address the unlocking Heroes issue and I'm sure they will address other concerns. 

In the meantime I'm going to play because it's a well made game with a lot of playability it's fun for me and my friends. 
Please be aware that this cool down is ONLY in affect on solo offline play. You get a credit reward just for playing a solo game regardless if you win or lose or how long the game is. Which means players were setting custom solo games to 15 seconds and farming credits while AFK. This cool down is in place to stop that from happening.

If you play normal online multiplayer there is NO cool down on credits. You can collect unlimited credits when playing against other real players.

While it's not a perfect system, it's not the overblown issue the outrage is making it out to be. Instead of focusing on any little thing that MIGHT be a problem, I would recommend this energy be spent trying to focus on things that are a legitimate concern in the game.

It's getting ridiculous to see these misleading or straight up incorrect information being spread about the game just because it's popular or trendy to find flaws in the game for upvotes. Please try to inform yourself on the facts before spreading more misinformation for upvotes.
Do you realize that this is ONLY for solo offline custom games? You can earn unlimited credits with no cooldowns in multiplayer, just like every other game. They technically don't need to offer ANY credits for offline play, but it's a nice little bonus. Please get informed before you puke from overreacting.
Right but this cooldown in Star Wars is ONLY for solo offline play in custom games. Arcade mode in Overwatch is multiplayer. You don't get XP in Overwatch for playing the Training levels. 

The other problem is, in Star Wars you get credits just for playing a custom game, regardless of how long you play for. Which means people were setting 15 second custom games and farming credits in solo play. 

There is NO cool down on multiplayer credits earned. This is the thing no one seems to be realizing before they get their pitchforks out. If you play against other players, you will earn credits and you can do that with NO limits whatsoever.

This cooldown only affects solo offline play to prevent people from farming credits AFK in custom matches.
You can still collect credits at the same rate in multiplayer. You don't get XP when playing training in Overwatch. They aren't controlling the max rate, they are just limiting what you can collect from solo custom games per day so no one can AFK a custom 15 second game to get all the unlocks.
There were no credit reductions on solo. There is a limit to how much you can get in solo per day. That is because you can get credits from custom games set to a low game timer and AFK to collect credits. So there is a daily cap on solo credits. We have known this since the beta and it makes perfect sense to me. 
Within 3 hours of playing I half way to unlocking Luke at the original cost for him. The people raging on the game are extremely misinformed and jump on any negative information without verifying it. The 40 hour thing is a complete lie. 
We aren't seeing improvements? Battlefront 2 is coming with a year of new maps, new heroes, new story missions, new abilities, new guns all for free. 

The quality of games today are insanely better than even just 5 years ago. They require so much more attention to detail. 

The price of games has also been at $60 for almost two decades despite inflation. It now takes a much bigger team to make a AAA game than it did 15 years ago. And while the player base may also be larger meaning more profits it doesn't even out in the end. Employees need to be paid and their wages have to go up with inflation. Also, the risk of a game failing is so much larger now than a decade or two ago. The costs if productive are just so much higher yet we pay the same price for years now. 
I've played 5 hours of multiplayer so far (still on the trial so I have a decent count of what's left) and with no star cards active or sometimes one active I still can place in the top third of most games, sometimes I'm in the top 3 players. 

Ive opened about 8 loot crates with in game credits from playing and have more to spare plus enough crafting parts to make a few cards or upgrade some. 

This is from my first 5 hours playing this game. Without knowing the maps, the game objectives, the classes or having anything unlocked from the start. 

I would bet 80% of the outraged people here have never even looked into what the game actually is or how it plays or what the progression system actually is. 

There are SO many misinformed headlines or straight up lies. But whatever. I'll be glad those toxic people won't be a part of the player base. 
That is exactly what they did with Battlefront 1 and everyone claimed the extra content should have been free and should have been included from the start. 

It also split the player base and made it more difficult for some to find a match. 
This is the 5th time I've seen someone try to brush off the death threats as not a big deal. The ability of this community to act like death threats aren't a problem is such a disappointment. 

This entire community has become so toxic and disgusting to me. I can't wait till Friday so I can just play and ignore all of these people. I appreciate you trying to have a rationale conversation. 
BotW even has a DLC package. I'm pretty certain Mario will be getting some new levels as well. 
The same thing is possible in COD games. And has been available in plenty of other games before it. The abilities in the loot boxes are not making it easier to win. If the abilities are balanced, it's just loadout selections. At that point, it really doesn't matter.
This isn't a limit on multiplayer. The credit payouts in Multiplayer games have remained the same. This isn't even a new change. This was present in the beta.

Arcade mode is single player (or couch co-op) custom games. They give you a 100 credit payout just for playing. You can set the custom game to last for 15 seconds and collect your 100 credits. If there was no cool-down on it, people could farm for the credits and unlock everything without ever playing multiplayer.

Please do you research on what is actually happening before you start making uninformed comments and spreading misinformation.
I guarantee you are extremely misinformed about the situation.
Amazed that the truth is being downvoted now in favor of blind rage for uninformed people.

The campaign gave you enough credits to buy Iden (the main character) after completing. Now that her price has dropped, the amount of credits you get for completing the campaign has dropped as well. Multiplayer and Arcade payouts have remained the exact same. So /u/Parzi_Val is just straight up lying at this point, or read a misleading headline and assumed they knew all the facts. Something way too common with this reddit hivemind bandwagon hate groups.
It's not pay to win. The abilities in the loot boxes replace standard abilities. Is it pay to win when you replace a grenade with a flash bang in COD?

No one is running around in god-mode because they paid $10 for loot boxes. The only issue is with balancing the abilities to make sure it's fair. Then it's just a matter of tweaking your loadout to your play style.
Not sure why you are being downvoted... actually I do. People are on their high horse acting like this is the first time something like this has been done and choosing to ignore the COUNTLESS other games that have similar limitations.

I'm getting sick of all this misinformation being spread as fact, and people who don't even understand the game or what is going on are joining in just because it's the popular and trendy thing to hate on right now. 
Arcade in Overwatch is still MP. It's just different game modes. Like Mayhem, Mystery Heros, Lockout Elimination. It's still multiplayer. 

Arcade in Star Wars is single player (or couch co-op) with custom settings like making a match last 15 seconds and collecting 100 credits for playing a match. 

Both games allow you to continue to earn towards lootboxes unlimitedly. But star wars prevents you from spamming customer games in arcade to get everything. 

It would be life Overwatch gave XP for training sessions. 
You're a fucking moron
To be fair, you can still earn credits in Battlefront 2 Multiplayer to use on loot boxes. So it's the same thing.
Ok, I guess you are set in your thinking. Enjoy your tin foil hat. 

Though now you make me wonder if you are a paid shill for a competitor of EA trying to make them look bad. Maybe you are being paid off by Ubisoft to criticize the game. You fucking shill!

By the way! Be sure to buy Star Wars Battlefront 2 on Xbox One, PS4 and Origin on Nov 17th! Only $59.99! Pre-Order Now for bonus items! And get EA Access to join the fight right away!

Also, if any business or public figure is reading this, I'd be more than happy to shill any product you want for money.
Yeah, EA paid off someone with a 7 year history on reddit and a consistent posting record in multiple subreddits just to play damage control. Sure thing buddy.

Or maybe I just enjoy the game and think people like you are giving it a bad name because you are misinformed and I don't want you to ruin the potential the game has for a good player-base with lies about the reduced rewards. I'm sorry my opinion isn't the same as yours. Clearly that means I must be bought off, right?

But your right. I'm sure EA is working on their master plan of fixing their image on reddit by paying for some positive comments buried in a thread full of negativity and vitriol. That'll do it.

Your account is 5 days old. And you accuse me (7 years) of being a shill? Again... fuck off.
Right, so ignore my points and try to discredit me by claiming that EA is paying for positive comments now? You really think it's impossible for people to actually just enjoy the game and are sick of uniformed morons jerking themselves off over spreading misinformation to act like they are making difference for the better? Fuck off.
Ah gotcha. Makes sense. Sorry I'm a little annoyed with people seemingly jumping on the hate-bandwagon without having any information about the issue.

I've only played a few times so far, but from my experience in Battlefront 2, the llot boxes seem fair and come quickly. You  can even choose which kind of box you want. So you know what kind of items will be in it. Trooper boxes have things for infantry combat, Starfighter boxes for vehicles and space combat, and Hero boxes for hero items.

You can unlock these with in-game currency you get for playing any mode, or with "crystals" you can pay real money for. Just like Overwatch, you can buy specific items if you get enough in-game coins (in the case of star wars, it's crafting parts). But you can't buy craft parts, just like you can't buy coins in Overwatch.

The only thing people aren't mentioning is that there around hundreds of "challenges" with in-game currency credits. So after playing a certain mode for the first time, I got 500 credits. After killing like 5 people with a certain gun, I got 1,000 credits. Add that to the credits you get for playing and you can easily get crates pretty quickly. I don't see why anyone would actually pay real money when most of the game seems like it can be unlocked within a few weeks of playing. 

Just like the first game, certain star cards were locked until you leveled up to a certain level. Most shooters have this feature. Battlefield, COD, Gears, Titanfall. They all let you get newer and better weapons as you progress. For fans to suddenly act like this is some new problem is ridiculous to me.
Well this is the problem. People with NO knowledge or facts about the game, reading a misleading headline and going full mob on the game.

Are you aware that people can't buy a specific upgrade with real money? They can only buy credits to use for loot boxes. Loot boxes which contain random items. And that any ability you get from a lootbox replaces an existing ability so it's not an additional advantage, just a replacement ability.

Like switching from grenades to flash bangs in any other shooter. Is it an advantage? Or just a different tactical option for play? If someone wants to pay real money to unlock a flash bang faster than just playing the game, be my guest. That isn't EA's fault. Thats the fault of the stupid people willing to pay money for that.
But people can't unlock specific content with money. They can only buy more lootboxes. Loot boxes which will have random items in it. If someone wants to do that, I see no problem with it. As they may not get the star cards they want, or any cards which give them an advantage.

They can "craft" certain cards using crating parts, but you can't buy crafting parts with real money, so they would have to rely on getting crafting parts in their loot boxes so they could craft a specific card.

And there is no single card that gives anyone a significant boost that would make a difference to gameplay. And if there is, I'm sure it will be nerfed. They did the same kind of tweaks in the last game when they saw people spamming certain cards which were clearly better than others. The increase cooldowns, or reduce active times on abilities.

The scan pulse in the first game used to show you highlights of the entire enemy team for like 7 seconds. Then it was nerfed to do a "pulse" where you'd see a little flash of them every two seconds. No one was crying foul on it, it was just a tweak that was made to balance the game. That's what devs do.

This game will be the same. Any advantage someone thinks a paying player may have isn't going to last. And there is no way to tell if that person paid to unlock those cards, or has just played a lot and earned them. Someone who plays a lot will clearly be better at the game and could have killed you based on skill, not cards. It's just too subjective to claim people have such an advantage due to star cards only.
But they are pretty generous. You get one lootbox every level-up in Overwatch. That's about an hour of gameplay (give or take).

In SWBF2, you buy lootboxes with credits and can earn enough to buy lootboxes about every hour as well. Plus you get a free daily play crate.
While I agree with the sentiment, it's nothing new in gaming. A lot of games are already using this model and don't face the same level of criticism.

The star cards you can unlock through play or real money are not some god-mode upgrades. At best they are just trade-offs for different ways to play the game. And while I agree that those trade-offs should be more about cosmetics and not affect gameplay, I don't think it warrants this level of vitriol.

If any of the star cards give a significant advantage, they should be nerfed to keep the game balanced. That is what they did with the first game, abilities were tweaked and adjusted over time based on how the community played and responded to them. 

And unfortunately with a property as controlled as Star Wars, cosmetics and poses and other things probably take a lot more review and approval before being able to be played in the game.

You can't have a blue Yoda running around with a red lightsaber. For a lot of the heroes, there is only one skin they can have. Some have 2 or 3 options, but that might not be an EA/DICE decision.
I don't disagree that it needs improvement. But honestly, what game doesn't get changes and tweaks to gameplay after launch? I have no doubt that the prices would be reduced without all this backlash because EA would see that not many people have unlocked heroes.

They don't want their game to be unenjoyable, they just want to have some sense of progression and unlocks to help push people to keep playing.
I'm agreeing with you. It makes sense to me. This headline is misinformation to get ad clicks from the angry mob. 
So you can or can't buy things with money in the game? If you can only buy lootboxes with real money and loot boxes don't gaurantee any specific item then how are people paying to win? They are paying to MAYBE get a card that they want or credits to upgrade it. 

And even then, the cards don't give advantages. It's just a different ability. You don't eat extra shit in MP. You replace a grenade with a flash bang. Or you increase your defense in exchange for having another ability. 

Most MP games with customization work that way. You pick your load out and as you progress you unlock new stuff. COD Infinite Warfare worked the EXACT same way. You could even buy the loot boxes that mods came in if you didn't want to play to unlock them. 

Stop acting like this is some new problem. It's pretty common in gaming nowadays. It kind of sucks but you literally don't have to spend an extra dime. Just play the game. No one is getting double health and dual wielding rocket launchers for paying for loot boxes.

At best they are getting some extra defense or offense buffs (which you can also get) in place if using other abilities. It's a balancing issue. 
I pre-ordered it and love it. It's a good game and this"outrage" is just a hivemind opinion out for blood. Think for yourself. 

This headline is misleading and frankly, a lie. Do your research instead of listening to the screaming mob full of people who probably dont even know the full story and just want to be angry at a big corporation. 
You only have to unlock him. I've played the trial for 3 hours and have enough for Vader and Iden already. 
So now you want the game to be cheaper or free?

This is the problem. You, as the gamer, don't get to determine what the "Full Game" is. Just because there is DLC doesn't mean that should be included in the base game for $60. I played a $20 game called Little Nightmares. Fun little game, few hours of levels. I enjoyed it. They have a new level for $4 or a bundle with even more levels for $10. I don't expect to get those things for free. It's an expansion to the base game, and it costs money.

Now, you may feel like a game doesn't have enough content for $60 and the DLC should be included. But you have no right to expect that. The only thing you can do is buy or not buy a game. Your opinion is not fact in determining how much a game should cost.

You have to look at the game and decide if you want it and would enjoy it. I don't go see Guardians of the Galaxy in the theaters and then complain that they are making a second one and charging me more money for it and that they should have been in the same movie. It's an additional story. It doesn't just come for free. That would be entitlement.

You are acting entitled to think that this video game should offer EVERYTHING you want for $60 and anything extra should be free and everything should be unlocked so you can use it now and they shouldn't be allowed to have ANY form of additional revenue from this game.

Do you know what that would do to the gaming industry? It would kill it. Developers aren't going to spend years making games to not profit off of them. Publishers aren't going to put hundreds of millions in making and marketing a game if they can only sell it for $60 and have no other revenue streams from it.

BF2 is offering a year of free updates with new maps, new characters, new weapons, new gear, new story missions, new events, and more. Absolutely everything in this game you can unlock for free without paying a dime over $60. Some people will choose to pay extra money to unlock some things earlier than others. Will it give them an advantage in multiplayer? Possibly. The issue ISN'T about paying to unlock items in a game. The issue is about how big of an advantage people who pay will have over those who don't.

In my experience, I've played with 0 star cards active and consistently place in the top third of the team. I don't think star cards are giving people a huge advantage. It's also only in early trial. People acting like others have an advantage could just be poor at the game. Just because someone killed you and had a star card active doesn't mean you would have killed this if they didn't have that star card. And they could have earned the star card and not paid for it. It's just all too subjective to form some kind of "boycott" around. This is just a bandwagon for people to jump on to because it's trending and popular now to hate on this.

You obviously are free to do whatever you want, but don't expect everyone else to agree with your opinion. I for one am enjoying the game and think there is a lot of content and playability in the game. I'm not going to buy loot boxes with real money, and I'll still have a good time.

Do you not realize how you are being just as greedy as you claim EA is being? You want things for free and you want everything unlocked right away. You want to take away any and all progression in the game because that's what YOU want. You don't want them to have any means of making revenue from this game outside of the initial purchase price because you are too cheap to pay more for video games. It's like the people who complain that Netflix is raising their prices, but is just mooching off their parents account. If you aren't willing to pay the price of the content, then your opinion doesn't' really matter. You don't just get what you want for free because you want it.
Maybe but then again we are still paying $60 for games despite the obvious improvements a d higher budgets of development. We are also getting free dlc all year that is usually in a $50 season pass. So which would you prefer? Extra content will always cost money.
It's YOUR comparison. Not my fault there is flaws in it. 

Playing a game to unlock better gear and abilities is a staple of video games. Paying to unlock it sooner isn't a good practice but it's not the big issue you are acting like it is. 
Oh so you had every weapon and ability unlocked in the Witcher 3 from the start? You didn't need to level up and earn XP and unlock loot and gear and craft things? That's weird. 

Every game had a progression and unlock system. Hell. Even the first BF had one with star cards. Battlefield 1 has it, Gears of War has it, Call of Duty has it, Titanfall has it. It's a common thing. This isn't new. In non-shooters like RPGs you have to play a lot to unlock things. Stop acting like this is the problem. The ONLY problem us if the unlocks give a significant advantage to those who have them. So far I don't see a major advantage. Just balanced gameplay. 
To me, they aren't taking advantage of a franchise. They put a lot of work into making it a pretty amazing experience. The visuals are amazing, the gameplay is smooth, 4K looks insane. There is good variety with the classes.

The ONLY issue is that it takes too long to unlock certain things in the game. But you are still able to unlock EVERYTHING for free if you want to. You can also pay to unlock things if you want to. But it's not required. And I don't see any star cards that are really going to make that big of a difference in a fight to call it "pay to win". It still requires skill, and as someone playing with 0 star cards yesterday, I never had an issue going against people with multiple cards applied at one time.
I'm not watching a 15 minute video to tell me something that is obviously false.  Video games even 10 years ago didn't require the amount of moving pieces they do now. A lot of games now offer movie-quality stories and directing that require entire teams just to write the damn thing, let alone the voice acting, motion capturing, world building, texturing, facial capture, etc. And that's just for single player campaigns. Games are becoming bigger and bigger. Maps are increasing at an alarming rate. Within a few years the size of maps has tripled in franchises. That requires MORE creation and more work and more people. 

Anyways, to the point of progression systems and unlocks. We are ALL judging this based on early access to the game. There is no indication that progression and unlocks and the cost of items wouldn't be adjusted over time. It happens often in a lot of games that things get fixed when the see how people actually use it. It's just the nature of the industry. I don't think EA would leave it at 40 hours to unlock 1 hero if that actually turns out to be true.

But this "fight" is stupid and overblown. They are providing a full game with a lot of content and free updates for at least a year and everything in the game is free to get as long as you play. You don't have to pay a dime for anything extra unless you want it faster.

As for having an advantage, I played for 3 hours last night for the first time and never felt like I was at a disadvantage even though others have days to get star cards and gear. It felt balanced and fair and I had fun. 
These people are whiteknighting themselves SO hard, I'm surprised their wrists have broken from jerking themselves off.
 > If you decide to not buy the game because of this, you are keeping the future of gaming bright.

What the fucking kind of statement is that? How do you fucking know what will happen? These people are acting like they are some hero, but they are so shortsighted.

Games cost money to produce, content costs money. They are going to be giving us an entire season pass of new updates for this game for free. Gamers have to support these games in some way and frankly, $60 isn't cutting it anymore. The amount of people and time and work required to make these games is growing at an alarming rate yet they cost the same as they did 15-20 years ago with no increase for inflation.

Microtransactions, DLC, loot boxes... these are ways to supplement the price of games. If you want to remove all of those from a game, expect to see game prices in the $100 range. These companies aren't charities. They aren't making these games because they love them and love you and want you to be happy. They are trying to making money. I'm not expecting EA to be generous to me, or any other developer for that matter.

It used to be, I play a game, and then if new content is added and I want it, I pay for the new content. That makes sense. But then everyone started HATING season passes and paying for DLC. So EA offers it for free and now you hate that you have to play the game to unlock certain things. EA offers a way to unlock them for real money, but gives you the ability to unlock them for free if you play and it's still a problem for you.

What exactly do you want? $60 games with free DLC and everything unlocked from the start? I don't think you'd be happy even then. As I'm seeing people complain that the story mode seems too short at 8hours... though 8 hours for $60 used to be a really godo value for a lot of single player games. But now it's not enough. You want more and more for the same cost. Something has to give.

You aren't heroes. You are "Rebels". You aren't making the gaming community a better place. You are toxic and going to push a shift towards more expensive games. Because right now they get their extra money from the Whales who actually buy loot boxes and in-game currency. But if they can't offer that anymore, they will just charge EVERYONE a higher base price to play. It will happen. It's probably what they want so they can make more money. So keep at it if you want to pay $80-100 for games in the future.

Thing is, you don't have to buy shit. You can play the game for $60 and unlock EVERYTHING for free. Will it take time? Sure. But it's possible. They are providing new content for free as well. 

At some point they need to be paid for the work. You want free content or microtransactions? 

Your "fight" is only going to get you an increase in the standard price of games. If you won't let them sell loot boxes or currency then they will just sell games for $80-90 to match inflation. 

Grow up and realize that you aren't entitled to everything for free. I have to unlock guns and mods in Battlefield 1 and other shooters. It's a part of gameplay. I have to level up in Skyrim and find good loot by playing. It's a fucking game. Play it and enjoy it. Or don't and move on. 
Seriously. I see this all the time for plenty of games that aren't F2P. Why are people acting like this is some new issue? Seems like this is more about jumping on some popular opinion and feeling like a part of something. 
Right but progression is subjective. Did they include the reward amounts you get for completing challenges? Did they factor in daily crate amounts? Or any other promotions that could affect it?

Or did they just play for an hour and decide they should divide that into 40,000?
I keep seeing this "40 hour" thing but that is just an estimate. And there is no telling about how currency progression will change over time. 
Sure but a lot of very popular games have this system. It's not new, it's not rare. I don't see it as a drastic issue or problem. If someone pays $200 and gets a 3x health boost and instakill weapons then we have a problem. But having people pay for RANDOM cards that give them a slight advantage which you can get just from playing is not worth this reaction to me. 

People are literally making death threats. And lots of people who have never even played or tried the game or even know the facts are making uninformed comments and throwing more fuel on the fire. 

If it really bothers you, don't buy it. But don't ask others to join in for something that isn't really a major problem. I think this is more of a "Fuck EA" movement and people like joining that bandwagon, but you are just looking for problems so you have a reason to complain. 

I guess I just make decisions what I buy without expecting to start some "revolution" behind it. It's not a revolution, it's just a game practice that you don't like it. Move on and don't buy it. What this community is doing now is just childish and stupid. 
Do you even hear yourself?

You have convinced yourself that you are some warrior in a fight for justice. It's a video game made for fun. Do you even comprehend what the issue is. Do you boycott ANY game with microtransactions?

This is a car. You are joining in because it's popular and convincing each other you are doing some grand service to the community. You are upset that it takes time to unlock certain features and EA is letting some people skip that by paying. It's not the end of the world. 
No thanks. I'm looking forward to playing. It's really fun. You should try playing it before jumping on bandwagons. 
Agreed completely. This has turned into some big popular opinion now that everyone is jumping on without even thinking about. 

One person did a basic estimate how long it would take to earn a hero and now everyone is freaking out and calling for boycotts and making death threats. 

Personally I'm still very excited for the game and the gameplay. And I like unlocking new things along the way. I played for a few hours last night and didn't feel like anyone had an advantage over me. In fact with no star cards I was showing up in the top third consistently. It's definitely not pay to win. People don't understand the definition of that. No one is an unstoppable killing machine just for having some high level star cards attached. 

This is way overblown and a lot of people with no information about the actual game are now jumping on board because of how popular it is in the community. If you don't like it, don't buy it. But I'm enjoying it and you don't speak for everyone by saying we should boycott. 

I'm pretty sure hero unlocks will be adjusted as they monitor credit progression in the game. People are throwing a fit without any real information or facts. 
No one is making you pay extra to play though. They just want you to unlock him through game play. 

I want to kill hard enemies in Skyrim. I don't just spawn with unlimited power and weapons. I have to level up and grind and find good gear. 

I get what you're saying but you don't have to spend an extra penny on the game to get everything. 
How is the engine blown out in this game? Becauee it takes a lot unlock certain characters? And the rumors are that character prices will drop dramatically once the game actually the launches. They are apparently just priced high so no one in the trial program can get too far ahead before launch. 
You mean the part where the camera moves through a solid concrete wall wasn't real?!
Gotta let them make their own mistakes too. I've learned a lot more from bad purchases than I would have if I had to check with my dad before buying anything. 
Could be that Red Bull advertises at specific times based on when people tend to purchase. Could be that Red Bull just happened to expand their target market in Facebook Ads and it was just a coincidence. It could be any number of things.

Come on man, don't make Purdue look bad with these stupid anecdotal statements.
Horrible handling of the event. Spent 4 hours standing in line being told "just a few more minutes" then hours with no communication. We were told multiple times that we'd get a chance to go in and experience the Xbox One X. And never did before leaving. Lies and miscommunication all night from the staff. Really disappointed how they handled this. Apparently they were only letting in 5 people at a time and giving them 30 minutes. After 4 hours I was told it would be another 45 minutes. This is an hour after employees went around saying it was only going to be a few more minutes. Walked away at that point. Wasted night standing around on false promises. 
I'd say the S8 is the comparable phone when it comes to the iPhone X. Which can easily be found for under $600 or less now.
It's crazy how people think this is normal and fine. The organization that runs the primary to determine the democratic presidential nominee was being run by one of the nominees. That is the exact OPPOSITE of democratic.


Well please remember that there was a Hillary  Super-PAC that's goal was to remove negative articles about Hillary from social media. Correct the Record. It was a real thing here on Reddit. The moment Hillary lost the election things on r/politics went back to "somewhat" normal. But there was a good 2-3 month window where any positive Bernie comment would be downvoted to oblivion, and anything about Hillary was made to seem crazy, wrong, or a Trump supporter.

The DNC isn't strangers to controlling the narrative. I'm sure they are working damage control as much as possible right now. Luckily their fanbase are just as self-reflective as Trump supporters, so people who supported Hillary will refuse to believe this or acknowledge it.
This show has a lot of "fun little nods" to the Mandela Effect. So many that it seems like more than coincidence at this point. 
I think that would be going too far unless it's got a different place or intonation. The Ultimate voice lines are pretty critical to gameplay and having someone use voiceless as a fake out seems like a bad idea to me. 
This is wrong. The latest patch fixed the squinty eye exploit. At this point, the only known solution is watching your TV through a mirror.
It would be the same as this world. Popular vote is not how we measure the presidential election. If we did, then the entire campaigning season would be drastically different, and people would vote different.
This has been discussed in depth for weeks now. Literally just search "particle accelerator" on this sub and you'll find plenty of posts discussing it. 
In that same clipping it says there was a Tyrell sighting at Fry's in Arizona buying harddrives. The same Fry's that Trenton and Mobley work at. I think the bathroom thing isn't a reference to Tyrell, but seems coicidental that there was a sighting of Tyrell there. 
Could be true. But there will always be a demand for bigger games. Not just indie style games. I think publishers are more than happy to leave indie games to the indie devs and they can focus on the bigger games for more money. 
Oh wow. Ok thanks for letting me know. Hope I get that email!
I don't mean that fans are demanding these specific things. I mean that most AAA games have cinematic quality to them which means having realistic animations and faces and voice work. 

It's a generalization, but I think it's accurate. Sure Uncharted is a fun game, but take away the level of detail in the movement and faces and voice acting and quality of the models and textures and is it still a popular game? 

And indies don't apply to this. I'm talking about AAA games that are $60 from major publishers. 
If we won and got the email with the Winner Confirmation Number, does that mean we are verified and will receive it? I keep seeing people mentioning "verifying" but not sure what exactly that means. I won and entered my address and information and got the email with the Confirmation Number, but haven't heard anything about it since then.
The facial animations and voice acting of that game are some of the worst aspects of it. You can tell when they re-use voice actors, the faces look strange and mouth movements hardly match what is being said.

And let's face it, the animations in the game aren't exactly high quality. What it did do was present a good open world game with a lot of content and exploration. Let's also realize that Skyrim was HIGHLY anticipated and new Elder Scroll games always sell extremely well. The same can't be said for some new IPs or even less know existing AAA IPs.
>You think people who played CoD Ghosts, through countless explosions and gunfire, suddenly stop and think 'those fish, tho'?

When a mission in the game specifically revolves around you swimming under water, yes. They built a dynamic under water environment. Because if players just moved past a fish and they swam through it, that would look strange. It was a new part of the engine added to the game, so of course they were trying to promote.

But if that weren't there, I'm sure there would be people pointing out how stupid the fish look and how fake it was. It's a damned if they do, damned if they don't kind of thing. 

They put extra detail into making that mission feel real and immersive. Lots of games put in those little touches. I've seen countless gifs about the way gravel falls in Uncharted 4 if you shoot it. People LOVED that shit. But if a COD tries to put in little touches, you think it's just a frivolous waste of money? Where do you draw the line? Should we just be moving a box around from one point to the other. Why have character models, or voices, or acting, or story. 

They add in fine details to make games look better. You are literally shitting over a development studio trying to improve it's game to make it more realistic. Why? What do you lose from them having fish AI? Sounds like you didn't even play the game. 
For most AAA games, it is. Nintendo gets away without it, but imagine if the new AC game has no VO and was all just captions to read and the movements were are all poor key framed animations.
I could disagree more. Look at Bioshock or Halo 3. People expect MUCH better 3D models for environment or characters than they did back then. You need dynamic elements in a scene. 4k textures. Just look at a tree from a game 10 years ago compared to now. It takes time to make these assets for a game. The more detailed a model is, the longer it takes to create these things.

Games aren't getting shorter. They are getting padded because people expect long campaigns and endless multiplayer customization now. I'd love a solid 8 hour game that is well done. But now we have proceedurally generated side quests just to keep things going in games because people like you are complaining about the length.

The games you mention have drastically changed their quality and gameplay. AC now has lots of variation in different missions. I remember an AC game which had a whole Tower Defense style mission in the middle of the game.

And yeah, People want realistic fish in games, and realistic wildlife. Those things need to be created and customized to be used for the game. It's not just paths for enemies anymore, it's AI based movements where they interact with the environment and your changes to the environment. But you think that meaningless and stupid. If you feel that way, then just play the games of last decade and stop buying new games. Should solve your problem for you.
The pricing this is what people don't seem to realize. NES games were $50. 30 years later and we are paying $60 for games. I remember when games went from $50 to $60. And then the next generation of consoles, everyone expected $70 games and it didn't happen. We are extremely lucky that $60 seems to be the limit and will not be changed in the near future. We have DLC, micro-transactions, lootboxes, deluxe editions, and pre-order bonuses to thank for that. Those are able to offset the cost of the games to keep them at $60. Want to get rid of them? Expect $80+ base games.


And they are selling the games for the same price as they were 15 years ago. Expect now games require motion capture, facial capture, voice acting, 4k quality models and textures, dynamic environments, voice actors (sometimes real actors). And they still sell it for the same price. Without DLC microtransactions or loot boxes, these games would have to be selling for $70-80 for the base game nowadays.
Seriously. Just look at what is required for a lot of AAA games nowadays compared to even a decade ago. Motion capture, facial captures, a team of high end voice actors (sometimes real film actors), dynamic environments, and so much more. You didn't have this level of detail and quality in games 10 years ago. The first Bioshock was one of the best games 10 years ago, same with Halo 3. Look at how much the industry has changed and what fans expect from the AAA games. 
As an ARG player, I appreciate the level of detail in the game and world building outside of the show. Can we consider ANYTHING found in the ARG to be official canon to the story? Is it reviewed by Sam and approved? And will the ARG ever get ahead of the story in terms of revealing information?
Hey, it's a common mistake. Don't loss your cool over it.
I did a "Cortana Record That" and it took so long to activate the record that it missed the thing I wanted to record.
EA is making money. Despite all the "boycotts". 
True, but Cortana had never been as snappy as the original Xbox commands for me, and I don't always have a controller turned on with a headset. Sometime you are just watching Netflix and want the volume up. Or to pause without finding the remote. 
And both the Xbox One S and Xbox One X don't have a Kinect Port. They require a $40 adapter to use. When I get my X, I will loss Kinect support because I'm not paying that much for an adapter just to use some basic voice controls. 
Yea sure. It's corporate greed. That's why we are seeing more and more development studios shutting down every year. They get their millions and decide they are done, huh?
You like that people will know you have the iPhone X. That's what it is. You have fallen for what Apple wants. Brand awareness and you want to display it like it makes you important and special that you got one first.
But you are allowed to be lazy. Sitting at home watching X-Files reruns does just as much for humanity as climbing Everest. 
Would you prefer $100+ prices for games? Because without those things you will get standard games costing that much and more. 

It costs so much more to make a AAA game now, and takes so much longer. It's a big investment for a developer and publisher. But game prices have remained at $60 for consumers for the past decade or more. 

They are able to keep the the price at $60 because of things like loot boxes, DLC, microtransactions, deluxe editions, pre-order bonuses and more. 

I promise you these publishers will find their money. It can either be from wealthy gamers who are willing to spend a lot of money on loot boxes or it will come from the increase in price of the base game. 
Gonna hold the charging pad and iphone together in your hand?
I agree. Though I'd much rather have a phone with the camera that does as little auto-post-processing as possible so I can adjust the most natural image to the way I desire it.

If I have to start with a photo that has blown out the background to favor colors in the foreground, then I don't have as much information to work with as I would with something that wasn't as blown out.
Oooooo!! 9 whole photos? 
The questions seem very leading. You are giving opinions within the questions. That can skew data significantly. 
I loved reading this exchange. :)

BTW, the other guy is right. Once you put them in the case, it's the equivalent of plugging them in to charge. You wouldn't measure the battery life of the iPhone on how long it case last if you plugged it in every 5 hours. You measure it on how long it will last on it's own.

Maybe most people won't use AirPods for more than 5 hours straight. But if you are taking a flight from NYC to LA (a common trip for me and a lot of others), then you are going to have quite a few moments on that flight where you may need to pop your AirPods back in the case before you can continue watching movies on your phone/ipad. That isn't convenient.
What if you want to watch a video or listen to music and browse the web? A charging pad won't help with that.
The sad thing is, AirPods and other wireless headphones would still work even if we also had a wired option. Yet people here are praising the lack of a headphone jack AND AirPods. This is exactly what Apple wanted. Get rid of a non-proprietary port and push you towards buying expensive wireless AirPods to avoid having to use dongles.

People still reward this kind of anti-consumer crap just because it's Apple. I'm getting sick of it.
Same reason that Apple skipped the 7S this year despite a very minimal upgrade. They didn't want to sell a 7S against a Samsung Galaxy S8. 


We need more Taiwan license plates in the Gift Shop. Repeat, we are sold out of Taiwan license plates.
How did you find this? Is this from S2?
Exactly this. He told Tyrell he was doing this because he wanted to save the world. But look at the world now. It's a disaster. Erasing debt also erased everyone's savings, deeds, mortgages. It was a stupid thing to do and he realizes that now. He was caught up in the aspects that made it a good idea and didn't see how it would affect normal people. I'd hate it if this happened in real life. I have a savings, a 401k, good credit... all of that would be wiped out.

Also, in the process of this happening, he has tanked the dollar, allowing E Corp to step in and use E Coin which gives E Corp control over the national currency instead of the government. Meaning Elliot's "revolution" gave E Corp MORE power and control over us.
Exactly this. He told Tyrell he was doing this because he wanted to save the world. But look at the world now. It's a disaster. Erasing debt also erased everyone's savings, deeds, mortgages. It was a stupid thing to do and he realizes that now. He was caught up in the aspects that made it a good idea and didn't see how it would affect normal people. I'd hate it if this happened in real life. I have a savings, a 401k, good credit... all of that would be wiped out.

Also, in the process of this happening, he has tanked the dollar, allowing E Corp to step in and use E Coin which gives E Corp control over the national currency instead of the government. Meaning Elliot's "revolution" gave E Corp MORE power and control over us.
Thank you so much! Very fast and a huge help during this event!
Pizza, cash and orbs please. 
No one is saying this guy proposed at Disneyland to impress her or impress you or anyone. It could be a very special place for them and be meaningful to them. Stop over analyzing it and just respect that this was what THEY wanted. No one gives a shit about what you think of it. You don't exist to them, your opinion of how a proposal should be literally means nothing to their lives. 

Anyone who wants to make fun of someone for how and where they choose to propose is an asshole in my opinion.

People have different tastes and preferences. If you want to put someone down for what they enjoy and makes them happy than you are just a dick. 
This happens a lot. I got made fun of at work for reading a Song of Ice and Fire. "you're into that fantasy stuff??"

Fast forward to the show being popular and everyone is into it and loving it. Same people who acres like it was weird are talking about it every Monday morning. 

I feel like a lot of shows only get popular because they get popular. That is a paradox but it's true. House of Cards, Game of Thrones, Orange is the New Black. These got so big to the point where I bet half the audience and "fans" just watched so they could be part of the conversation in social gatherings. It actually hidners you to not watch because everyone is talking about it. 
Good catch. Yeah, must be that a few of them slipped through the cracks. There are also some that say "Last edited 4 days ago", so that must be when they made all this.
Post titled "Dont count me out" mentions E Corp and meeting someone named Dylan at the "Greek place". This is the third reference to the Greek place near E Corp. 
Makes you wonder what else is out there hidden in plain sight.

Also, he wasn't lying in his Q&A panel over the weekend. He really is one of us.
Another interesting note is that the very first post to r/inside_e_corp is "[SCOTT KNOWLES JUST BURNED 5.9 MIL](https://www.reddit.com/r/inside_e_corp/comments/75de2g/scott_knowles_just_burned_59_mil/)"

What's really interesting about this is that if you look at the date it was posted on reddit, it was posted on Jul 13, 2015. To put this in perspective, that is the correct date within the show, but almost a year early in real life for us.

Season 2 premiere on Jul 13, **2016**. So this fact about the show was posted to reddit in this subreddit two weeks after the show started in season 1.
What IS that expression?
What was the endgame of the hunt? Didn't get to finish it before the screening. 
Don't worry, I just started my most leveled up characters on 8 hour missions. It will start in the next few minutes for sure.
Watch you need LaBarbara for all the missions.
My problem with this episode was that it went against what Rick and Morty did so well in season 1 and 2. They took cliche movie parodies and turned them on their head. When Scary Terry was chasing them, they decided to hide and then incept HIS dreams and ended up being his friend.

In contract, Pickle Rick wasn't even a "parody" as much as it just was an action sequence. This entire season felt like a lot more style of substance. And the therapy session at the end was very ham-fisted and just seemed extremely pretentious.
They had maybe 4 episodes where they were together for the whole episode. And how many times were they in the spaceship or going to a NEW planet? Maybe once in a quick cold open?
My favorite part of the reveal is Elliot asking us, the viewer, if we knew and how long we had known. Thought that was a brilliant way to address that some people may have seen it coming but still have it work as us being his imaginary friend. 
Yeah the thing about character development is that you actually have to develop the characters... on screen. You can't just suddenly change the opinions and feelings of characters and call it development. It's just bad writing, like trying to fit a round peg in a square hole.
Not surprising given the hype and exposure the show has gotten since season 2. However I can't help but feel like this season didn't live up to the quality of the first two.

Sure it had it's moments, and the first episode is one of the best of the series, but everything after that is really lacking and such a tonal change from the first two seasons.

Rick hardly stutters or burps anymore, Morty isn't nervous or anxious or amazed about adventures anymore he just seems fed up and annoyed, Summer talks back to Beth in ways that go well beyond what was established, and the divorce story arc brought the entire show down. It felt like every other episode was filled long monologues filled with exposition that were over written and made to sound funny but weren't.  And the episodes without that were just filled with 5 minute action sequences that really felt out of place. Why is Rick murdering White House aides for no reason? Are there literally no consequences anymore? 

Is Rick literally immortal? The show loses all enjoyment for me when we see Rick literally change bodies 5 or 6 times this season, or lose limbs and just "science" them back. It's crazy to say for a show like this, but it really pushed the boundaries of what I'm willing to accept. There has to be some reality, some consequences for things to matter to me.

I can see why a lot of people enjoyed it, but it's definitely a much different show than what we got for the first two seasons. The humor has changed, the heart is gone, and it's just a too overwritten. Every character has the same timing and attitude. The characters don't feel like individuals anymore, they are just the medium for the writers long winded rants about intelligence, or nihilism. The show always had an almost improvisational feel to it at times, but now it feels over produced and refined to a point where the jokes don't even land as jokes but just long winded conversations with a semblance of a joke that never really goes anywhere. It's almost like the worst parts of newer Family Guy and Simpsons episodes to me.

I'm sure others will strongly disagree and downvote this, given the praise for this season on r/rickandmorty, but to me this was such a disappointment given the quality of the first two season. I really hope they correct the mistakes of this season. 
Exactly... Who cares. It's a common thing. Why are we posting about it in r/apple like it's news? It's half a billboard for an ad. Yes some people like seeing billboards for the newest technology but this isn't bringing in anything of value or interesting to this subreddit. It's just a picture of an unfinished ad. Is that all it takes to get upvotes now? I just thought we set a little higher bar in terms of the content we upvote on this subreddit.
It's a pretty common practice for larger billboards. Especially in LA where the law requires it.
And? Is this the first time you've seen a billboard go up?
Is this what this sub has become? Posting pictures of half completed billboards? Is it really surprising or noteworthy that Apple is marketing their new phone? 
Interesting concept, but does this only work if everyone has the app? Or could I get in touch with a vehicle's owner even if they don't have the app?
Use the search. This exact question was just asked 20 minutes before yours. Arrival time varies based on what you want to do. 
Saved my morning play session! Was about to give up. Thank you!!
Even that doesn't seem fair. Why have a comic con if the biggest panels are things you have to pay extra for. Panels should be the one thing you can do for free with your ticket. 
$14?? Looks like it was hundreds of dollars. 
So it's just a panel that you have to pay extra money for? Seems kind of frustrating that they are trying to get even more money out of people. 
How do you have a seat for that?
They should have just let you in, that's pretty cold on them.
My friend RSVP'd, got the confirmation page but never received a confirmation email. What is the procedure here?
Apple had NO first party wireless option before removing the headphone jack.

Their solution was literally a dongle for months until AirPods were available. And even then, that is a $160 solution to a problem that never needed to exist.

Look at the bluetooth headphone market. It's not exactly taking off despite being around for a long long time. It's just not in demand. There certainly is a market for it, I'm not denying that, but wireless headphones are not really a highly sought after item. Users aren't seeing a drastic improvement or value to switch to wireless. 

Yet Apple is forcing that switch, or forcing a dongle for a proprietary first party port. And they made this decision before they were even selling AirPods and seeing what people thought of them. I don't care if they are good products, the problem is Apple making drastic changes to a device with no benefit to the user and no real solution to the problems it causes except expecting the user to buy new headphones or dongles. 

It's a complication, not a convenience. Not having a tangled wire is not worth losing the ability to use the same headphones on multiple devices no matter where I go, keeping yet another device charged, and carrying another $160 worth of product on me all day every day. Losing a pair of earbuds is no big deal, but losing one AirPod would be a bit of a problem financial for a lot of people.

I still don't understand what benefit you see from REMOVING the headphone jack. AirPods would still work. And as far as the internals are concerned, it seems like there would be space to fit the jack inside. One person even did this and make a documentary about it, so there is space. The phones are thinner from removing it or using that space for added benefits to the user. So what do you personally get out of the loss of it? The ability to gloat about having wireless headphones and thinking you are superior to people because of that? It seems like the only people who LIKE this change are people who were already using wireless headphones and don't care. But your ability to use those wireless headphones would have still be there even with a headphone jack.

So why is it good to remove standard audio features from a $700 device? Because YOU think it's time? Personally, wireless audio is still a long way away from being my preferred choice.
There were YEARS where computers were sold with both floppy and optical drives before floppy went away completely. Then there were years of computers with ZIP drives, and Optical, and USB. External Harddrive and USB thumbdrives were extremely common place before the optical drive was removed.

Apple removed the headphone jack MONTHS before they even had a first party solution to wireless. That is the problem.

I was actually looking forward to Apple wireless headphones, but not at the loss of using my expensive wired headphones as well. A dongle is not a solution to this problem. Apple should have sold AirPods for a generation before removing the headphone jack. Give users time to use them and enjoy them and transition at a reasonable pace.

Because of how they handled the situation, I have no interest in AirPods or the new iPhones since they just removed the jack and expect users to use an adapter with their existing headphones. It's a much different way of removing tech than with the floppy or optical.
I've never even really noticed the cord... except for when I want to increase volume and skip tracks... then I'm glad I have an easy way to do that without having to use voice controls on a crowded subway.
Just wait for the painted Meseeks pumpkins. Every year.... so many... it's just paint... but every year...

I'm sure there are hundreds of people new to this sub who think they are going to be really clever posting that.
I'm a bit concerned about the effects of a kid growing up with access to EVERY photo and comment about their lives posted to a basically public timeline. I can't imagine growing up knowing that everyone who knows my parents has seen every aspect of my development and had the ability to leave comments about it.

I know baby pictures aren't new, but there is something different about having it all so easily accessible and online. Same with being able to track everything your parents went through on a weekly or daily basis. In some ways, it's good, but in others it seems really concerning.

Like what if a child grows up with parents who didn't post a lot of pictures of them online. Will they feel neglected compared to others whose parents were sharing more? I know I can go through and look at family photos of me as a baby and see my growth... but the thought that ANY person my parents friended could basically see my whole life would be scary.
Yeah Jango would be too similar to Boba.
I feel like Greedo has more place in the game than Bossk.
Source on that?
Ordered a shirt for my girlfriend from the vault and it was clearly a youth size. Think there is some serious issues going on with their shirts.
Well that's all well and good until you get wrong information and your vacation is so hurt that you feel the need to complain about it online.

It really doesn't take a lot of time or effort to double check that the things you want to do will be open. We had reservations to Mickey's Backyard BBQ but double checked it and it's a good thing we did because it ended up being cancelled due to the hurricane keeping the Campsites closed for a little over a week. Otherwise we would have left the parks early and shown up to find we had no dinner plans.

It took us just a few minutes to look up and then decide what to do. You don't need an hourly schedule, but you should at least know that the things you want to do are open and available. You wouldn't just drive to a restaurant at 10pm without first making sure it was still open. Why would you choose to be that careless with a vacation that can run thousands of dollars? 

I'm sure somewhere in your busy busy day you could find some time to do some research on your own. But if you choose not to, then I guess that's your loss.
Do your own planning. Don't rely on third party travel agents. They just want to sell you a travel package. They don't care if things you want to do don't exist anymore. 

Even if they get you a better deal on tickets, research for yourself. Call Disney. Confirm every detail that is important to you. 
I agree. I always use the card. It's much easier and I'd rather not have to wear a bulky plastic bracket all day in the Florida heat just to avoid pulling out my wallet and getting my park tickets out. 

I've been stuck behind a lot of people who are much slower with bands than I am with a card. Especially when paying for meals or souvenirs or using fast passes. I've never seen people with cards cause a slow down other than when they don't realize they need to scan twice for fast pass. But with the amount of other slow downs caused by any number of other things, it's not a big deal. 

I don't care about the cost of a magic band, but the idea of wearing it all day for the 4 or 5 times I'd use it is just stupid to me. 
At this point iPhone is more of a status symbol than a good phone. It's about the fashion of it now. 
S8 has a headphone jack and higher grade water proof. 
It's not about the price it's the inconvenience. I'm not going to pay $700+ for a phone that doesn't include an industry standard for audio. If there was a legitimate reason WHY it was removed and the removal offered some benefit maybe I'd be on board. But it was removed for NO reason with no added benefit to the user. This is Apple trying to sell more wireless headphones and make the ONLY port on their phone a proprietary port. I won't support that kind of development. 

It means I lose the ability to do things with my phone I could do before. Like charge and use headphones at the same time. It's ridiculous that people defend these kind of changes. If it doesn't affect you, fine good for you. But for others this is a big deal breaker. You claim other people are "fanboi-ing" for their favorite phone company but here you are making excuses for Apple for removing something for NO reason. Who is the fanboy??
>Bluetooth *is* more convenient. Period. It's also has fewer limitations. 

Yeah like having to make sure your headphones are charged. Or synced. I'm trying to avoid having MORE devices in my life that require a battery and that I have to charge each night. 
No point in even trying to organize at this point. We need much more land. Way too many events with no break or land expansions. We need space TinyCo!
I don't think there needs to be a "title". 

No one person can encompass all of "geek culture". The very idea is ridiculous. But if you were going to pick some you'd pick the moderator of a few talk shows? Why? Because he uses phrases that are popular in geek culture?

I see it more as him using geek culture to further himself than him having any influence on the culture.

He found that by regurgitating the trendiest jokes and words and memes he could get viewers. People who think he's clever or think he's "just like us!"

But he's not. His recent popularity comes from piggybacking off popular shows like Walking Dead and Better Call Saul. I wouldn't classify those as the nexus of geek culture. They are just popular shows on the network he had a contract with. 

If you like him, that's great. I don't want to ruin anyone's fun. I'm sure he's a nice and good guy. I just feel it's undeserved and forced yet people bought it because he uses memes and talks like we do. 


Hardwick is geek culture royalty? Are you 13? This guy made it big by copying geek references from the internet and just using connections to make content where all he does is talk about other (better) content. No one is watching Talking Dead to hear Chris Hardwick, they want to see the cast and crew talk about the show. 

He is a talk show host that forces himself into everything. 
Depends on the aspect ratios. 2.39:1 is becoming very common for films and means black bars on all sides of the video on the iPhone X. 
Exactly. You install this in my building in Harlem and this shit will be broken and ransacked in minutes. 
Every year people guess they will ditch the numbers completely and every year they are wrong. 

Average consumers already have a hard time saying which iPhone have. Getting rid of numbers would be a night mare for support. 
Sometimes the frame of a painting can be as beautiful as the work itself. Find a case the compliments the phone and it's an amaIg pairing. 
That video is Wonder Woman. Playing on the video app bought from iTunes. It's not some absurd aspect ratio. It's most likely 2.39:1, which is a standard for widescreen film, which most modern films are.

Sure, tv shows will be 16:9 in most cases and then you'll just be left with a video the same size as an iPhone 8 (or 7 or 6s or 6). 

I think it's safe to say we both have valid points. In some use-cases the notch will not affect the size of the video, but in others (such as modern films) it certainly will (as evidence by the image) limit the overall size of the video to add black bars on all sides. 
Note just came out with it. 
Ok but that is a feature film. It's going to be an issue for a lot of content at that aspect ratio.
Essentially what it looks like. 
It's the only reason I don't have a 7 right now, and it's contributed to me not being interested in any future iPhone. I'll stick with my 6S until it dies, and then move to Android if they don't offer an updated phone with the jack.
I'm in the exact same boat. I'd like to stick with iPhone, but this is just another misstep in a long series of missteps by them. I refuse to spend $700 or more on a phone and not have a headphone jack.

It's also quick sad that even on iPhone X, the resolution is under 1440p. The iPhone 8 is still 750p (same as it was on the iPhone 6). No improvements to the display and can't even hit 2k on the phone.

If anyone says that isn't important, try comparing the S8 (or another 1440p display) to the iPhone. You will notice how much sharper 1440p is, especially on text. The iPhone looks very muddy and blurry in comparison.

It's 2017, we shouldn't be paying $700 for 750p displays on a phone.
Depends on the aspect ratio of the video. That video is a recent feature film (Wonder Woman) in it's native aspect ratio. For video like that, it will add bars to the top and bottom as well as the sides to avoid the notch and center the video.

This is what standard 16:9 video will look like: https://i.imgur.com/3PoDswc.png

Which looks similar to the iPhone 6 (7, 6S, 6).
This is true. I can't stand the lack of headphone jack. It's why I'll stick with my 6S or move to android eventually. I'm not paying $700 or more for a phone without a universal audio standard.
This is viewing videos by default: https://i.imgur.com/YKyczTR.png

If you like black bards around all edges of your video, you'll enjoy the iPhone X. Or if you like a notch cutting out part of the side of your video. Otherwise, it's really strange.
I'll ask again... are there bars on the top, bottom, left and right?

It's displaying this way because it's playing back video without the notch covering part of the image. Tapping brings it full screen with the notch cutout. Watch videos of it being used and you'll see how it works.
What opinion did I force on everybody? Or did I simply state what my opinion is? If you don't like what I have to say, you could either provide some counter opinions or move on. You are simply telling me to shut up. Bring something to the conversation or don't get involved.
Oh I'm sorry, I didn't realize we couldn't post our opinions here if they were differing from SIMFUN-, my mistake. God forbid I use a public comment thread to express my opinion about a product. Guess I should have just kept my mouth shut. Though if we take your own advice, I wonder why you bothered to comment either.
>I don't think you understand how aspect ratios work, if you think there's going to be video with bars on the top, bottom, left, and right.

This is how they demo'd playing video without the notch at the event: https://i.imgur.com/YKyczTR.png

There are bars on EVERY side of the video. Sure, some other aspect ratios will fit top and bottom. But this is a recent feature film (Wonder Woman) being played at the event as part of a demo. Do you think there are bars on the top bottom, left and right? Would you like to retract your comment?
So an S8 plus Gear S3 means never having to unlock the phone unless I don't have the watch?
Scaling down literally means making smaller. You are definitely making videos smaller when you add black bars around every edge to hide the notch. Videos come in a lot of different aspect ratios now. There will usually always be bars on the top/bottom to accommodate that, but with the $1000 iPhone X you will often have bars on the left and right as well as the top and bottom. 
Enjoy!
You are listing a lot of additional items to buy and use just to do something that $700 phones used to be able to and still should be able to do.
I don't plan on buying either.
Right, 1.85:1 is a common film ratio now, meaning it's wider than 16:9. So for films on the iPhone X, you would lose display on ALL edges of the film. For 16:9 content you will get edge-to-edge on the top and bottom of the screen and the sides will be blacked out.
The S8 rounded corners are much smaller than the iPhone X. And I dislike the rounded corners on the S8. One of the reasons I decided not to switch to Android until I saw what Apple was planning. Since they doubled down and have even bigger rounded corners, I feel much more interested in the S8.
It's even worse than that image, because the center the video in the screen, so you have to scale it down on the bottom as well, making the overall image/video even smaller.
Is the video size THAT much bigger to warrant an extra $300? Watching shows/movies on my commute each morning and evening is a BIG use of my phone, if I can't even take advantage of the edge-to-edge display when watching videos what is the point?
I think it looks like larger bezels on a $1000 phone.
Put the time back in the top left. Make the battery percentage fade back and forth between percentage and cell signal/wifi symbol every few seconds.

All other status icons only show up in Control Center and can be used as toggles to turn them on and off (like bluetooth, location services, etc).
https://i.imgur.com/YKyczTR.png
I truly believe Apple would be in the same position it is with or without Tim. He seems like a really nice guy, and I love his little southern accent, but I really think Apple was already on a path of unstoppable growth before him. iPhone became the status symbol to everyone. It's the phone you should have because everyone else has it. And once a new one comes out, you gotta have that one instead of your year old one. This was in place well before Tim and has just grown and grown. The phones haven't been selling due to amazing features or displays. They have been selling based on fashion and not wanting to the only person in your group with an android.
Ok then, "I'm done with this app, time to go back to the home... dammit I just scrolled down"
I had that battery issue with my phone and FINALLY got a free battery replacement after waiting SO long for them to acknowledge it.

The phone would shut off in the cold and refuse to turn on again (even when warmed up) until it was plugged in. I had to start carrying around a battery pack and spare cord EVERYWHERE in the winter just incase it happened.

iPhones have generally been somewhat sturdy, but Apple is not free from flaws. The frayed power cords on my old MacBooks can attest to that. Which Apple still refused to replace for free.
But they don't show it actually working!
It will sell well, no doubt. But I think what people fail to realize is that it is selling well recently due to the fashion of having an iPhone, rather than on the accomplishments of the phone itself.

People want the "newest" phone and to show it off as a status symbol. Apple is trendy and considered the "cool" phone to have. So of course people with the income will buy it, and others will not want to be seen with older phones so they will put it on credit or monthly payments and pay it off eventually just to have it.

I'm sure there is a good amount of people who actually like the design and features of the phone and will buy it because of that. But I would wager that more than half the sales of new iPhones are because it's trendy and people don't want to be the one person in the group with an Android phone or "green bubbles".
I like to watch videos in bed before going to sleep. My girlfriend likes to go to sleep. I will often have my phone charging while I watch videos. I should be able to do both with a $700+ phone. That fact that I need a third party adapter is ridiculous. 
Is that actually a thing on Android? So i only have to use a finger print to unlock it when i'm not in a certain location? I would absolutely love that!
This is what fanboys don't seem to understand. People saying $1000 doesn't mean it's out of reach, it just means it's not worth it. The value isn't there. In fact, I find it less valuable than the iPhone 8 (which I find less valuable than the 6S).
Or they could make the phone just a bit taller and have videos play edge to edge without a cutout.
No, now you just have the height of the notch as black bars around ALL sides of your content so NO video can play edge to edge on the display.
Or they could have made the phone a bit taller and made video play edge to edge and have a slim forehead instead of a notch. 

It's not nothing. Video is a huge use of a phone, to have a display that can't play videos to the edges without losing part of the image is ridiculous, and the solution is to make it smaller? Why do people defend this?
They why pay $1000 for edge to edge screen if videos can't fully use it? 
But this means videos don't use the space of the screen. What's the point if having all that screen if you have to play videos at a smaller size just to circumvent the poor design of the phone. 
Scaling down means reducing the size. You are viewing the video at a smaller size than the overall screen. You pay $1000 for a phone with small bezels and then will watch a video on it with black bars that increase the bezels significantly. 

The solution to the notch problem is "shrink the content to not use the full screen and it's fine" and you want to defend that?
It's look pleasing with a background image, but from a design perspective it's horrible. Look at your current screen. The hard corner means the signal dots and time can be put right up in the corner. But with a rounded corner you have to move it down and to the right more and more based on how rounded the corner is. 

This phone has the biggest rounded corners I've seen on a phone, and look at how awkwardly the time sits on the left and the status icons are crammed to the right. It's a big problem and going to look very weird. 
The show Mr Robot uses a lot of unbalanced framing, I can only imagine how horrible it would be on this display, characters will constantly have that black bar over their heads, or I'll have to shrink the video to the point where there is no reason to have an "edge-to-edge" display. 
But it's not. You are being tricked. There is a giant black bar over your content. Forcing you to shrink the content until you can't see the bar, meaning you don't take advantage of that nice new big display. 
But then why even have this big display it you have to scale down the content? 
Great. All that screen and I cant use it if I don't want something obscuring my video. This is a bullshit"fix" to a problem this phone never should have had. 
Gotta disagree. I've compared my 6S to the Galaxy S8 and the iPhone looks so muddy compared. The S8 is incredibly sharp. 

I don't think people should excuse reusing a screen 4 years in a row for a $700 device. Especially a 750p screen in 2017/18. 
It's still pretty disappointing that if you don't want the notch covering part of your video you lose ALL aspects of the bezel-less screen. 
Plus the status icons on the right and time on the left are so unbalanced. It looks like we can't have battery percentage turned on anymore since there is no space.
Yet in the same subreddit I see people defending the 720p screen in the iPhone 8 because "who needs 1080p or 1440p in a phone?"


Go hold a Galaxy S8 next to your iPhone. There is a huge difference clear as day. 
You sound like the kid you reminds the teacher to give us homework. You are literally defending not having better resolution in a phone because it won't make Apple any more sales. As a consumer, I don't give a shit if Apple sells more or not. I want 1440p! I want the best I can get. So what if Apple can save some money on displays that aren't 1440p.
Right. I never claimed it was anything but my opinion. 
Geez god forbid I express my opinion in a post about opinions. I didn't know I was addressing Apple directly and asking them to change it just for me. 

Maybe you need to calm down if you can't read a differing opinion to your own without insulting that person. 
You know what I mean. It's significantly less bezel and looks uniform. Unless you get rid of the front camera and speaker then you can never get a truly bezel-less screen. 
Doesnt need to have as large forehead and chin as the 6s. Just look at the v30 or S8. Those actually look good and functional while having larger bezel-less screens. 
Agreed.
When they cave and just make a straight top the screen is when I'll get it. Give me a slim forehead and chin to the phone, center the screen, get rid of the rounded corners and for gods sake, put a headphone jack in it, and you can take my money, Apple.
Exact same boat as you. I've been eyeing the Galaxy S8 for the past few months and figured I'd wait to see Apple's bezel-less phone and decide. I figured I'd cave and just stick with Apple, but this thing is just not at all what I want. I don't think I'd even buy it if it were $799. The notch at the top, the rounded corners, the lack of TouchID... it just seems some unrefined.

The fact that they spent most of the time showing off emoji's and filters instead of useful features speaks volumes to me.

S8 is $575 right now, and looking very tempting. I just hesitant to leave iOS, since I've never really used android before. I've heard a lot of horror stories and know a lot of people who eventually switch back to iOS... so part of me feels like I should just stick to the 6S and ride it out until Apple does something better, but the past two years have been disappointments and I don't have much more faith in them to have phones that can compete. They presented a phone that is comparable to the S8 for twice as much money and looks worse. Can't justify that at all.
This. Way too many people are spreading misinformation about it. But the fact is, it failed on the first attempt, and not because of a reboot.
One of the things I really disliked about the S8 was the small rounded corners of the screen. I thought for sure Apple wouldn't do rounded corners for the screen because on how ugly designs look within a rounded corner at the edge. But here we are. They not only did rounded corners but went even larger than the S8. It really is an awkward look.
I still hate the tactile home button. Feels horrible to me.
I'm just curious how it works in landscape? Do you still swipe up, or will you be swiping sideways (to simulate a swipe up if it were portrait). 
For real, this isn't 'edge-to-edge'. This just doesn't have the large top and bottom sections, but the sides are still the same. I'm not sure I'm a fan of Samsungs true edge-to-edge display, but that definitely catches my attention much much more than this thing.
Wow, blast from the past...

You got me on rounded corners. While it may look good with an image on the screen, it's going to look weird in actual use. Same with the notch at the top. You actually think that looks good? It looks hideous to me. I'd rather just have a clean line for the screen.
I'm leaning that way as well. S8 is comparable to the iPhone X in every way and can be had for $575 right now (maybe even less). All Apple really has right now is iOS and iMessage. I much prefer iOS, but can't justify the price difference to stick with it. I may just stick with the 6S until something better comes out.
It's a phone. Stop acting better than others based on your preference of phone. You are what is wrong with this community.
This is NOT the functionality of the phone and FaceID right now. These could be brought in with serious software updates, but right now, that is not how it works.
Have to agree. Sticking with the 6S for now. Might jump to an S8. The iPhone X doesn't look impressive at all.
We'll see how well it actually works in reality though.
Really dislike the crammed up top right corner compared to the top left corner with just the time. Really looks poorly thought out.
How is this warrant the jump to 8? This is barely a 7S.
What if i want to use my phone while it charges?
So just a pad?
Couldn't this be done without AR and just in a 3d environment with the gyroscope? This seems pointless to have it be AR. What if i don't have a table free to do this? It's a gimmick, not a game.
By the same company.
Yep, same company.
Maybe I missed it. Do you have to pay for a new cellular plan on the new Watch?
People also said they didn't want bigger phones 5 years ago. Or bezel-free screens a few years ago. While I don't see a point to a bendable screen at the moment, it could mean it is shatter resistant or it could make way for new phone types instead of the standard thin brick shape we have now.
Gotta agree. I went to play with the S8 in store and going back to my iPhone felt horrible. It looked small, muddy, and old. Really hope this new iPhone gives me the same feelings as the S8 in hand. 
I remember sitting in my class as well, and I kept thinking in my head "these buildings are going to fall". Being in middle school, I expected like a sideways tip-over style fall, but I still vividly remember having the horrible realization that the buildings were going to come down shortly and how helpless everyone would be.
7s would make much more sense given what we know of the phone. But according to rumors it will be 8... most likely because it makes it sound newer and will more easily compete with Samsung which is on the 8 line.
Agreed. Sorry I wasn't responding to you to accuse you of doing it, just building on your point since I've seen people rationalize buying scrappers because they GET scrappers in return. People who get frustrated with the system and feel cheated tend to fall in to the spiral of deciding to just do cheap scrappers and it just increases the problem. I always buy pins directly from Disney. I'm sure I've gotten a few scrappers back in return, but whatever, they look close enough and I'm not collecting for value, just to have a good variety of the characters I want. But I refuse to give money to the knock offs by paying for them and putting them into circulation.
Don't let that be a reason to by fakes though. I see so many people excuse the purchase of scrappers because they think they may as well because there is a chance they will get a fake back. 

You are only contributing to the problem. Pay the price for legit pins and take some time to inspect the pins you trade for. 
A bit? Subtlety has gone out the window! Every episode has at least one scene of a character breaking down the characteristics of another for some long winded monologue. It's really getting pretentious at this point. 
I find Disney resort rooms to be so bland and uninspired. Sure some have fancy looking bed frames or charterer decorated art on the walls, but the layout and space are so Motel-looking. Maybe some of the more expensive ones are better but I couldn't imagine spending $150+ per night for some of these rooms. Look at Hilton Bonnet Creek, Caribe Royale, or other resorts and the rooms are incredible and so much cheaper. 

Sure there is something comforting about being in Disney, but it's just so over priced for what you get. 
Same dates as us too. I'm hoping the parks aren't double packed due to everyone rescheduling for the week after. 
We had to move our vacation as well, and to be honest, it's kind of refreshing. Now I get extra time of looking forward to it and getting prepared. I'm never actually ready to go on time, and always leave things to the last minute, so having this extra time is really nice. We have no obligations for this week because we thought we'd be gone, so it's kind of like a free week and then we get to go on vacation a little while later. Try to stay positive. There are plenty of fastpasses still available, and going to Disney anytime in the next few weeks will be relatively low crowds.
This is the best advice anyone can give right now. Please be advised that most airlines and resorts are offered free cancelation OR changes to your reservations with no fees.

We were able to adjust our travel dates from JetBlue, Marriott, and Hilton with no penalties (and actually they gave us rates that ended up being cheaper so we are saving money by changing the days). We had to give up our fastpasses and it was hard to do, but luck was on our side and we ended up getting some better fastpasses. Also, don't hesitate to ask Disney for some help with fastpass adjustments. They may be able to offer some bonus fastpass or other kind of magical change to your vacation if you are moving your dates. 

Even if you think you can manage to hunker down for it, please be aware of the strain on resources that you will be putting on the state. People who are unable to evacuate will need those supplies of food and water and shelter which you will be taking away from by being present. By going, you put yourself and others in danger.
Maybe not for most people, but I promise you a good amount have held off on the 7 because of it.

I usually upgrade every year, this is the first time in years that I am holding on to my older iPhone because I am not interested in a phone that doesn't have a universal audio standard. It's pushed me so far away from Apple that I'm considering just going to Android. And I'm sure I'm not the only one, as others have mentioned feeling the same.

Now maybe the numbers are too low for Apple to care, but ditching the iPhone is the major step to leaving the Apple ecosystem. An ecosystem that I've been a part of for a decade, and could be a loss of 10s of thousands of dollars per person in the future. Again, maybe not enough for Apple to ever care about those people, but it just leaves me with a negative feeling of Apple and makes me uninterested in being a part of their ecosystem where the desires and opinions of their customers mean nothing to them and we are all just have to deal with whatever they tell us to deal with. And then we have to listen to the diehard apple fanboys praise Apple for removing features from a $700 phone as if it's some glorious fucking honor that Apple would take away the headphone jack for us. Despite bluetooth headphones still being able to work even if their was a headphone jack.

Yeah the 7 sold well, and I'm sure Apple will have even more sales of future phones. But it's turned into a status symbol at this point, not a phone for the users. It's a fashion accessory. Something people have to be part of the cool crowd, because they want the blue bubbles for texts. I want a phone that works for me and offers me the features I want. I'm not paying $700 for a phone that takes away from me and pushes me towards changing MY behavior to use it. 
Too bad Season 3 didnt meet expectations. Man what a weird and uneventful and disappointing journey that was. 
Yeah. Tried out an S8 at the store and when I went back to my iPhone I could tell what a big improvement the S8 was in terms of resolution and quality. I'm basically just waiting to see what Apple releases before jumping ship at this point. Apple has been making poor decisions lately in my opinion and I'm not on board with what they are pushing any more. 
3D touch could easily be replaced with software changes to recognize long presses. Its a neat trick but not really a game changer. 
As an average consumer I can say the same. It's just much easier to deal with the plug. No worrying about charging my phone AND headphones. No worrying about losing a wireless headphone. Works universally from your phone to computer to airplane screen regardless of the year it was made or what system it's running. Im not against wireless for casual use, but they are forcing it upon users. It's not a natural or desired transition. Wireless can still work on phones with a plug. So anyone who claims it's good for users is just making excuses for Apple.
There is no telling what could happen. The point is, the more people who think they will ride it out for selfish reasons like low crowds or keeping ADRs are going to be putting employees at risk and anyone else who will have to care for them. 

Yea it could be a weaker storm by the time it reaches Orlando. But why take the risk? Why put that risk on other people? For fast passes and restaurants? Airlines, hotels, Disney and more are all offering free changes to reservations so people won't be put in danger. Take advantage of that and move your trip a few weeks. Be responsible and respectful. If there is a real emergency in FL after this, you are just another liability and drain on limited resources for the people who can't get out of the path. Please consider the danger you put on everyone just for low crowd levels at Disney! If that isn't the definition of selfish, I don't know what is. 
Those people pay 10s of thousands of dollars because of the danger involved. If you ask me they should have to pay even more to account for the people who will end up risking their lives to save them when they are unable to get down or pass out along the way. 2-3 grand spent on a vacation to Orlando, FL doesn't give you the right to expect others to risk their lives to save you because you didn't want to lose your ability to get on a few amusement park rides without a wait.

They are putting themselves and anyone who will have the duty to rescue them in danger for a luxury vacation that could EASILY be adjusted with all fees waived due to the circumstances. That is the height of selfishness in my opinion. All airlines, hotels, and disney are accepting adjustments and changes to bookings due to the circumstances with no penalties, but they want to go anyway because "we have reservations to a restaurant we like".

Maybe it will blow off or be a fizzle by the time it reaches Orlando, but you aren't just taking the risk for yourself, but everyone else with you and those around you who will be responsible for you. Think about the employees who might want to evacuate but will need to stay to care for those who are unwilling to move their vacation over a few weeks.
That's ridiculously dangerous just for a luxury trip. Please don't put yourself, your family, and others in danger. The more people that are actually there, the more cast members will be needed to attend to those people, when they should potentially be leaving the area. I know Disney vacations are important but this storm should be taken seriously.
Gonna have to agree. Don't go anywhere until the models are more accurate about where the storm is going. Be prepared but don't make a move until you know where will be safest.
Until that adaptor is lost. Or you forget it before a long trip or even just for your commute. The excuses people make for Apple literally removing features from a $700 device is ridiculous. There is obviously a lot of people who are unhappy about this. Just because some people you know are ok with it doesn't mean it's not an issue. 
Seriously. It's like Apple consumers don't realize how much other phones have advanced outside of iPhone. The headphone jack isn't the limiting factor for waterproof.
What developments have actually happened though? What lasting changes have been made that you see present in the following episodes?

So far I've just seen the writers have the characters explain their characteristics to other in as many ways as possible. Nothing seems "developed" to me.  What new information are we learning that have moved the characters in new ways? 
That's great. Doesn't mean everyone uses it. And a Reddit poll of people who care enjoy to browse r/apple is highly skewed. Meet some average users and learn how people actually use their phones. 
I can pull percentages out of my ass too. Doesn't make it true. 
And it doesn't have regular USB ports but your new phone does so you can't even plug it in. 
I want a tv capable of both. The JS8500 seems like that is possible so I'll be happy with that. Im not looking to upgrade my 3D movie collection, just want to ability to watch it while also having the ability to have 4k content for other media. 
I really don't care. I have a lot of good 3D movies and enjoy it thoroughly. I'm not buying a tv that renders my content useless just because other people don't like it. 
Was looking to get a JS8500 as it's the last 4K model Samsung made with HDR that has 3D. Do you think it's still a good choice for a tv today?
You can get an s8 unlocked for $575 right now. But your right. It launched at $749 months ago. And even that wasn't the first bezel-less phone. So what justifies the $1000 from Apple?
Jump on the point! Never understood the attitude of people who refuse to do this when standing right by it. I don't care if you die instantly, it will get us a few more seconds for teammates to get there. There is literally no downside. You die and we possibly keep it going, or you live and the game ends. Once it hits overtime, we're all soldiers. 
No one is talking about that though. I'm talking about hardware features. Screen size, screen resolution, wireless charging, bezel-less screen. These are commonplace in most phones now. Apple coming out with a phone with those things isn't pushing the industry forward. And it has much more in common with the S8 than the Note 8.

You may very well be correct in what you are saying, but it is completely out of place with what we were discussing.
"Best" is a subjective term. You literally have no idea what the quality of the phone will be. You can assume things based on Apple's record, but you are making statements about a part of the phone that is currently unknown. 

What I do know is that making a bezel-less phone now is not pushing the industry forward, nor is selling the phone for $1000+ to consumers when similar tech can be had for half that. THAT is the point I was commenting on. Apple DOES make good phones, it's why I have one. But I don't delude myself into believing that Apple is pushing the industry in anyway. They are following what other companies have done and will do it well. That doesn't justify the price to me, and it certainly doesn't make me see them leaders in innovation.
How is the Note 8 more comparable? The Galaxy S8 is similar size with similar features and screen resolution. The Note is larger and is made for stylus use. The only similarity is the double camera, but in every other aspect the S8 is closer to what the reports of the new iPhone will be.

And even if you compare it to the Note, it's a larger screen and about $100 cheaper.
But is it really pushing the industry to just use the same style "bezel-less screen" as countless other phones before them? The very nature of a company the size of Apple means anything they sell can count as "pushing the industry", that doesn't mean it's good. They push the industry to lightning connecters despite USB-C being the better choice for consumers. They remove the headphone jack which limits choice of listening or forces additional adapters which use their proprietary connector. They have re-used the same phone design for 4 years and now will offer the only design change for a premium price to consumers. 

Other phone manufacturers are producing bezel-less phones and selling at the same price as their previous line. Why Apple believes they can come in 2 years late and upsell it is beyond me. Whats worse is the attitude of those who defend Apple and claim they are pushing the industry despite the growing list of anti-consumer choices Apple continues to make. 

If you want to call taking all the best ideas of other phones and incorporating them into the iPhone line after a year or two "pushing the industry" then go for it. It looks like catching up to me.
Because I own an iPhone. Doesn't mean I have to suck Apple's dick.
Push it forward by releasing a bezel-less phone after numerous other brands have done the same thing years before them? 

Or by selling it for $1000 despite the S8 being priced at $575 with the same features?
Good point!
As a F2P with Pimparoo I'd be fine with other plays getting a second chance at it. It was in the first two weeks if the games release and you pretty much had to check your game every 4 hours to get it as a free player. 

A second chance would just give me a break for a weekend. Which I could definitely use. 
Rockefeller Center Rainbow Room.
Early 30s here. First time I ever tried voice chat some group of kids made fun of me and asked if I would be their dad. I don't join team chat anymore. 
Also having to get your tickets one the day off and not even in advance is a MAJOR problem for me. 
Not sure why you're being down voted. You're absolutely right. 
That's not exactly fair when the S8 is much more comparable to the iPhone 8. This is the first iPhone with a display update in over 3 years. It's also the first iPhone with a bezel-less design. Samsung's standard phone line has been doing edge displays for 2 years now with higher resolution screens than iPhone. 

It might be a bigger update going from iPhone 7 to iPhone 8 but thata only because there haven't been any design changes on iPhone in years. 

The Note 7 to Note 8 isn't as huge of a change because they have been making smaller updates to the design and display with each iteration. 

In any case, Galaxy S8 is the comparable device to the iPhone 8 at least in terms of screen and design and size.
Can I have your code then?
So why isn't this just posted there? 
I don't know much about law but I'm fairly certain fair use was established on YouTube a while ago. Do you honestly think this is the first ever case?
Agreed. The Official Twitter account recently used this phrase in response to someones tweet. Leading me to believe there is a still a big clue sitting out there in that S02E10 scene.
MY sanity needs restoring? Maybe you should take a look at what is going on in the world.
My Day One Controller had a stick lock into place. It was a sad day to retire that one. 
Or you could combine it all and have all those features available on one long press instead of having to press an app icon in different ways to get different menus and controls. It would also give people who don't have 3D Touch on their phone the ability to launch those shortcuts. But Apple would rather hold back features from those people to encourage them to spend more money on newer phones.

You act like it's IMPOSSIBLE to accomplish what 3D Touch does ANY other way. Take 5 seconds and think creatively and you'll see how easy it would be to do anything 3D Touch does without it. I admit it's nice to have different ways to control your device, but it's not some killer feature that people should pick a phone based on.
But that is still just software based. Putting in the 3D Touch hardware doesn't automatically just make the software respond the correct way. Android could easily make it so a long press on an app icon does the EXACT same thing as iOS. Just like Apple could implement the 3D Touch menu for apps or button on long presses instead of 3D Touch. It's just software choices.
Is it a good feature? Or is it just superfluous? You could easily control your phone the same way with long presses if the software was written that way. It's a gimmick feature designed to make you think you are getting something special. 

As someone who seems to have a history of just blatant apple fanboyism, I'm not even sure why you are in this thread. It seems like you are just here to talk shit on the Note 8 and praise Apple religiously. Hoping Samsung drop the headphone jack? Why? Why do you give a shit? You praise 3D Touch and say it's time for the headphone jack to go? You're a hypocrite. Though I shouldn't expect much intelligence from someone who still openly supports Trump.
Pressure sensitivity for drawing, i'll give you. But everything else is software based already and could easily be developed to work with long presses instead of 3D Touch. 
All of those things could be accomplished with long press in the software though.
In what way? I'm running iOS 10 and have never found a practical use for it.
3D Touch is a joke on iOS. I never use it.
Headphone jack!!
I appreciate that they try to speak our language to introduce it to us. It's a sign of respect from them.
I'd pay upwards of $50-60 to be able to watch new releases at home on opening weekend. Hell, I'd probably pay more for big event movies like Star Wars or the Avengers. Just want to watch these movies in peace. You only get to see them for the first time once. 
Also, movies come out on DVD in just a few months now. It's not like you have to miss years of movies just because you have a kid. Just take them to a morning kids movie, and watch your movies when they are released for home viewing.

It's just greediness. It's the parents that want to see the movie. It's why they ignore their crying child, because they don't want to miss a part of the movie THEY want to see. 

I don't even have kids and still haven't seen quite a few popular movies from a few years ago. I'll watch them when I get time, it's not like I will fucking die because I didn't see Birdman on release weekend.
Anyone who talks or is disruptive during a movie. I don't care what age they are. I've got to movies had a family sit next to me, worried about their child being loud and then the annoyance is from the adult couple behind me who decide to talk to each other the whole movie while the child is perfectly fine. 

Is it really so fucking hard for people to shut up and not use a phone for 2 fucking hours? If you can't do it, don't go. They should scarlet letter the fuck out of disruptive people in theaters. Ban them from ever coming back to any theater, mark them for life so people can see what kind of asshole they are.

I'm not usually one for more policing, but I want as much policing as possible in a theater. You voluntarily choose to come to a movie, you should be able to keep quiet for the length of the movie. If you want to chat, watch it at home in 3-5 months.
I was thinking the same thing kind of thing. After the hack people might be looking for older cars without "hackable" technology on board to ensure safer traveling. Though old cars like that are pretty rare, especially in Manhattan. I would think if there is a demand for cars like that the price would be more than $5000. But maybe that is a lot now that the economy is kind of erased.
They should have an attendant button in every theater. So you can stay in the theater and continue to watch but still get help. Put a few buttons around and let people press it to alert the theater to crying kids, noisy people, people using bright cell phones, poor picture quality. 


People would just record the audio for pirating. It's a shame how many nice things we could have in life if people didn't ruin it. 
Babysistters are a very very common thing. Have you not heard of them?
Saved you a year of waiting around to verify. But now you owe me a good chunk of change. 
You can hover over the "2 years" and get the exact date and time the account was created. [Here is a screenshot](http://imgur.com/a/nq7lY). It was made after the episode aired. I think this is a fan account.
Most times it's just to save time and so we can ride together for long trips. Meeting on the platform would work just fine as well, and often it can turn into that if it's crowded and you can't obviously see each other right away. But sometimes trains aren't running that often or you need a specific train when multiple run on the same line. And you want to make sure you don't have to wait around for another 15+ minutes on a hot platform. If I can spot my friend on the train when it rolls in, I can just hop on and we can avoid the wait for the next train. 

We could also just meet at the same destination but it can seem silly to travel alone when you both KNOW you are taking the same train line in the same direction. I do this with my girlfriend often because I'd much rather have her company when we plan on going somewhere after work than just both travel there alone.
I live in NYC and have planned to meet people on specific subway trains before. Usually we agree to meet at the first or last car on the train to make it easier. If you give a general time frame it can work no problem.

But I think you are right, this isn't supposed to be this thought out. We don't need the logistics of how they planned this meeting. It's possible, so that's enough for me.
Also the car is being sold for $5000 or 4000 ecoins. Which definitely means it takes place after 5/9. But it's still strange that there are multiple cars from the 80s around there.
It's still a body change though. This is 4 years with no body changes. Want something different? They expect you to buy the $1000 "Pro" version now, otherwise you're stuck with the same form factor for 4 years.
Thank you so much! So easy and helpful!! Really appreciate it so much!!
I'd like pizza and cash please. Sending PM now. Thank you so much for doing this!
I didn't see it when it first came out so o had no opinion to voice. Only recently did I see it and I found it lack luster compared to the reviews and hype it was receiving. It was decent but nothing special. 
Fans of this show really love to act like there is so much going on than there actually is. I guess it's that superiority complex they developed after being told this show is only for smart people. 
Well said. I often feel myself looking elsewhere for innovative technology now. I bought a Surface to replace my failing iPad and it's been one of the best decisions I could have made. I was in the market for a new laptop and a new tablet and was able to get both in one package. The touchbar on the new MacBook is such a bandaid to making a truly mobile/tablet MacOS.

I remember when the iPad Pro was about to be announced, I expected it to be running a new OS that would have a file browser, be able to run full programs like full Adobe CC apps and more. When I saw what it actually was, a bigger faster iPad, I was extremely let down.

I'd really like to see Apple push the industry. Removing headphone jacks is not pushing the industry. It's just a shit move to sell more wireless headphones or lightning adapters. I'd also like to see them push it in a more open and inclusive way. At the moment you have to spend thousands of dollars to get into their ecosystem and with the rumors of the new iPhone being over $1000, it looks like they will continue to push the limits of pricing. I'd like to see their services work on more non-Apple devices, I'd like to see them offer more affordable products. 

They seem to be moving into "luxury" brand instead of just a tech company. They know people buy their products as a status symbol now and price them accordingly because people will pay it or set up payment plans just to have it. If the brand is going to be more about status than substance, then I really want no part of that. 
I think you are missing the point of Play Anywhere. Microsoft doesn't care if you game on PC or Xbox. It's the same to them. They provide a console for people who don't want a gaming rig. If you have a PS4 and a PC then you essentially have a custom built Xbox. Microsoft isn't trying to sell the Xbox to you. You can already enjoy their games. They are removing the barrier to play their games, which widens their market significantly. They aren't abandoning Xbox or giving a reason not to own on, they are just shifting the focus to more freedom when and where you play. 

My PS4 has turned into something I only turn on for exclusives and then it collects dust because Xbox is my media hub and most of the games I buy for Xbox can be played on my PC when I need to. That is a benefit for people.

And the point of the guy I replied to was that exclusives may move consoles, but they aren't a solid investments due to the limited sales. 

I'm not saying I don't want more from MS, I'm just saying that have a completely different mindset. They aren't selling consoles backed by games anymore. They are selling consoles backed by specs and performance to play all games the best. If you already game on PC, they aren't targeting you for a console. They can already get your money on PC, so why try to get you to buy a console? 
AirPods won't work with other products though. I need headphones that can be used on any device. 
But honestly, who is going to want to pay the same price for the same shape/design phone for the 4th year in a row when there is a brand new bezel-free design.

It seems almost insulting that they would still release the 7S and 7S+ as the same style and bump up the price of the new style. We used to get body changes every 2 years, now it's been 4 years and we have to pay a premium to get it. And they are removing features like headphones jacks and possibly Touch ID.

In comparison, the S8 has a better resolution screen than the new iPhone will most likely have, no notch at the top, headphone jack, and can be bought for around $550 right now. Apple is planning on releasing their phone for at least $900 (most likely $1000). It's kind of ridiculous when you think about it. and just another reason I couldn't justify a purchase of it if it's priced that high.

I agree that switching to facial recognition will never be as fast or convenient as TouchID. I can't imagine Apple would release a phone without TouchID though. I would imagine they would rather delay the phone than put the sensor on the back or leave it out all together. Though they have made some questionable decisions recently so who knows. 
Agreed. I'm on the fence about the upcoming iPhone. As much as I like iOS, I won't justify any price over $1000, and based on speculation it's going to be on that point or higher. Lacking a headphone jack is another big problem for me.
Yeah, pretty much ANY character battling a Ship or Omicronian is now stuck permanently until you have the game open for 3 hours. Meaning any story missions or other tasks you need them for are halted as well. This wouldn't be too bad another other time, but in the middle of a timed event it could mean the difference between getting all the items and not getting them.
It is fair though. Uncharted is sales across all platforms too, they just only sell on PS4. The point he's making is that exclusives are a HUGE investment for a studio to make and are very risky to pay off. Annual COD releases that everyone makes fun of are mopping the floor with console exclusives. Why would a studio want to limit their game to only a portion of people when they could make much more selling to every one

Selling on multiple platforms allows more sales regardless of which console people have. Microsoft knows this, it's why they created Play Anywhere. They can now sell MS exclusives to all PC gamers, something they couldn't before. There is no longer a $300-400 barrier to play their games so they open up more room for sales. 


Why exactly? If you are using Android there after plenty of bezel-less phones to choose from that won't cost over $1000. 
Sorry, are you talking about Pickle Rick? Because that sounds exactly like Pickle Rick.
In what way?
People latch on to the first joke that becomes popular and then repeat that joke to seem popular. It's a socializing technique and you can see it all over communities. People like things that become popular simply because it's popular and they can feel like they share something in common with other people.

You think so many people watch Game of Thrones because they like fantasy and kingdoms? Half the people that watch that show watch it so they can talk about it with coworkers at work and feel like they are part of a conversation with "friends". I remember mentioning that I was reading the series when the first season came out and got weird looks from coworkers for being into that kind of stuff. Now those same coworkers absolutely LOVE the show.

Same with gaming communities and opinions about DLC, games that lack content, console wars, etc. No one wants to be the person who disagrees with the majority and feel like an outcast.
Gotcha! I agree with that. Thanks for clarifying. This was an interesting discussion. 
But regardless of your intelligence you are able to understand the joke of the shifted family dynamic in the Rick and Morty episode. The viewers intelligence plays no part in it. It's not some subtle observation, it's just the story playing out. 
Some people would just call that "a story". Is there nuance to Twilight just because it deals with what would happen if vampires were real?
Have you listened to the commentary for the show? I have and half of the time it was a complete waste of time full of drunk rambling and complaining about things. Sometimes they talked about the production of the show and gave insights to the reason for things, but that doesn't mean it's somehow a smart show. Just because Harmon likes to talk about his work doesn't mean it's sophisticated. 

Rick and Morty isn't sophisticated. In any way. It has good storytelling from a talented writing team, but there is no difficulty in understanding the show, it's themes or the way the story is told. There may be some in-jokes and meta-jokes that relate to Harmon's (and Roiland's) career and personal life which can be picked up on, but there is nothing deep about the show or hidden in it's storytelling. 
Same thing happened to me this afternoon. Was a bit concerned hitting "Buy" for a free app, but figured if anything happens I'm confident Apple would refund whatever the charge is.
For real. Want to see IMAX or 3D? You are looking at upwards of $25 per ticket for that in the city. At least we can finally reserve seats for non-IMAX movies now. 
Depends on the front facing camera. What if it wide enough lens to detect your face while it's flat on your desk and can detect when you eyes glance at it, and turn it on just by looking at it?

Not very likely to happen with this phone, but probably not too far from reality in a few years.
I highly doubt Apple would ever put a Touch-ID sensor on the back of their phones, but to play Devil's Advocate, this could be production of the iPhone 7S which will most likely keep the physical home button so Touch-ID can still be used on the front with that. There is no real indication that this is the iPhone 8 (X/Pro/etc).
You're making a lot of general sweeping statements that define people by what they watch and get enjoyment out of. I love Rick and Morry but wouldn't mind watching a Blue Collar Comedy special.  I also enjoy watching the Big Bang Theory on occasion. According to you, I shouldn't exist because everyone should be in their own little silos. People can enjoy a wide range of comedies. 

Rick and Morty is definitely accessible to anyone, including those you think you are superior to simply based on what content you watch. 

You remind me of this: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9-471s6vyAU
That's not at all what he meant. 
Quote-mode ruined end quote mode
The sub has become toxic. The fandom grew out of control during the wait between season 2 and 3 and that growth has brought out the worst qualities of this community. It's now the loudest opinion that gets upvotes, and given the demographic of the show I'd assume most of the people on this sub can't afford cable or think that cutting the cord means they can just pirate whatever the want as a replacement to paying for it.

You see the same kind of attitude in a lot of subreddits, gaming being one of the worst offenders. People think Adult Swim owes them a free season of Rick and Morty simply because they like the show. As if that is some prize they hold over Adult Swim. I'm pretty sure if you aren't paying money for the show, Adult Swim could care less about what you like. 
Adult swim doesn't give a fuck. If you aren't paying for cable, you aren't on their radar as someone they are going to spend time and money and resources catering to. Just because you like the show doesn't mean they should bend over backwards and let you fuck them. Your viewership is a hinderance to them if anything if you aren't paying for their shows. They are losing money for every person who watches it without contributing to cable.

Your enjoyment of a television show doesn't grant you some privilege to watch it for free whenever and where and however you want. Things cost money and you have to pay for them. Don't get pissed off when a network stops providing free content and expects their "core audience" to actually pay for the content they are providing.

If you like the show so much, get a cable subscription and watch it. I've never had an issue watching ANY show because I fucking pay for them. Beggars can't be choosers. You don't want to pay for content, don't get upset when the content is withheld.
You say the comedy was weak in this episode but you praise 3x03, which had little to no actual comedy. I'd say this new episode was closer to the first two seasons in terms of tone, comedy and adventure than either episode 2 or 3 from this season. 

Lots of episodes don't have context and lots have dealt with Rick's emotions within the story. You don't want them to deal with Rick's emotions but half of episode 3 was a blatant discussion of Rick and his feelings on the highest level you can get on a show like this. The therapy scenes were basically the writers just explaining their own show in a long winded, uninspired way. 
Funny enough they were down voting anyone who dare speak ill of the show after Pickle Rick, but now that we have an episode that is back on formula with the first two seasons which they don't like it's fine to criticize. 
Who gives a shit? Life is short. People find happiness in lots of ways. If you enjoy it and have fun you are getting something out of it. Who says you need some tv in of note to show? I could give two shits about half the garbage people do for hobbies. No hobby is better than any other. Get off your high horse and realize that you aren't growing as a person because you changed what you do with your free time. Let people do what they want and enjoy their lives how they want. Not just gaming but any hobby or activity. Fuck. Just do what makes you happy and stop acting better than other people. 
You are literally saying that the only way someone could pick a Surface over an iPad is if they were paid  off or stupid. Do you not see how ridiculous that statement is? How you think that only your OPINION is correct? And anyone who disagrees is "retarded". 

I did the research, I love Apple products and I picked a Surface over an iPad because it was a better machine for what I needed and it has been. I could never go back to an iPad now and regardless of what anyone says, the machine has been a solid purchase for me. 

But according to you, I must be retarded. Because I bought a device that doesn't have an Apple on it. Because after reviewing the specs and the performance and the function of two products, I picked the one that did what I needed over the one YOU prefer. 

How up your own ass can you go? It's a fucking tablet. Your sensitive attitude towards anyone who doesn't pick the device you prefer is the exact definition of a fanboy. You are insulting anyone who picked a Surface over an iPad simple because you prefer the iPad. Does my opinion or a random critics opinion really bother you that much? If you really don't care enough why do you keep responding? 
You sound like a fanboy who can't handle any criticism. It's very laughable. 
Maybe your defensive attitude about one website picking something other than Apple is fanboyish and stupid. 
Check out BTS. Kpop boy bands are actually pretty awesome.
Episode 6 is called "Rest and Ricklaxation". This scene is clearly the intro to that episode where I'm assuming the rest of the episode will be a completely different situation/storyline. I'm not so sure the concept that Rick is losing control is the point of this scene so much as just a setup for WHY Rick would want to take a vacation with the family for whatever storyline they want to do for the episode.

There have been a lot of other instances where Rick's survival was out of his control. In Giant Court, he and Morty were released on a technicality. In Raising Gazorpazorp, it was Summer who saved his life, in Close Rick-Counters it was Morty who rallied the other Morty's which ended up saving Rick, in a Rickle in Time it was literally luck that he found the collar after sacrificing himself for Morty. Fart was the one who got them away from the Gear Police in Mortynight Run, and even after that, Morty killed Fart who was going to wipe out all humanity, which Rick had no idea was happening. In Total Rickall, Morty figured out how to tell who the parasites were, not Rick. In the Tiny Rick episode the kids figured out how to save him as well. I'm sure there are more but I think I've listed a lot of situations already where Rick was not in control of the situation at all.
This is r/rickandmorty. You honestly think you'll find any informative response to criticism that isn't just a quote from the show? Look at the top comment in this thread. This attitude and defensiveness is going to be the downfall of the community. 

Some people didn't like it. If this many people can independently say this episode didn't feel right then maybe something was off about it that people didn't like. Unfortunately this sub doesn't seem to want to act like adults but rather just repeat quotes and jokes from the show to put others down bases on their opinions.
Get these jokers off my widow main
Young punks, get off my Mercy.
He's really laying it on extremely thick. It's fine if he wants to use the show as his vehicle for his issues, but it still has to be an entertaining story, and so far the past two episodes haven't been that entertaining. I think the divorce storyline would be a lot better if it was a subtle storyline and not the focus of so many parts of the episodes.
I choose 720p 240fps because when I'm shooting slo mo I want it as slow as possible. Otherwise I shoot regular video at the highest quality.
Agreed. And the edges around the screen seem pretty big to me.
Is there any app that lets you upload your own images to use as stickers in iMessage?
Ok, put it all on 36, I've got a feeling about that number
What does high concept sci-fi mean? You're the one who used that phrase first to define this episode. I'm calling it low because it was stupid. Its technically sci-fi, in that a human turned himself into a pickle, but beyond that it had nothing to do with sci-fi concepts. If that is the peak of sci-fi for you, then you clearly haven't seen a lot of sci-fi. 

Rick and Morty episodes aren't normally pointless. They usually have very specific reasons or circumstances for the events that unfold. This one felt like Rick was just going right into an action movie parody with no comedic value to it what so ever. I feel like in earlier seasons this would be something Rick would get involved in and then turn the genre on its head by not playing to the tropes that the genre is known for. Like when they hide from Scary Terry instead of running. In this instance though, he just follows the path of a generic action movie to the end, complete with Helicpoter escape from an exploding building, with no redeeming qualities to the episode beyond the fact that he is a pickle which also felt completely flat. 
You said high concept sci-fi. This was the lowest use of sci-fi I've seen in this show and the ONLY sci-fi aspect of the episode. It was ultimately pointless. 
What crazy high concept sci-fi element was in this episode? Turning into a pickle isn't high concept. 
It's heavy on movie genre parody and bad exposition. Extremely light in any sci-fi. 
Clocks are so analog. Outdated. It takes courage to remove the old and force users to deal with the new. Buy an Apple Watch to see what time it is.
Quality > Quantity. These kinds of office politics are horrible for employees and production in general. Working late nights and weekends doesn't always mean that employee is good or should be promoted. It could be that they are poor at their job and incapable of getting the work done in a decent amount of time.

However in a lot of offices, people who get work done quickly and correctly simply get MORE work to do. 
I tend to believe that the people who work fanatically are doing so because they feel they are defined by their profession. They get their self worth from the feeling of people depending on them for work. Staying late, working weekends, canceling vacations to finish up projects... I've seen it in a lot of coworkers and managers in my field and they all have a similar personality of "I'm the only one who can do it right" or "this place would fall apart without me".

Generally, I find those statements to be completely false for anyone anywhere. Most everyone is replaceable in their job, it's just that those people NEED to feel needed. Or they need to feel like they are being productive. Or they just want to impress people to "move up the ladder". 

More power to those people, but I don't define myself by my job, it's just a part of my day.
Probably waiting for people to spend 500 Pizzas on him...
$1,4000 isn't just "pushing it", it's WELL beyond the limit of what a phone should cost. Especially one which won't really have much innovative features.

Bezel-less and OLED displays are common in a lot of other phones, as is wireless charging and face scanning. I can't imagine what Apple could do with this phone that would justify the jump to even $1,000 let alone anything higher.

My guess is $999 for the base 32GB model, $1099 for 64GB, $1199 for 128GB and $1299 for a 256GB. 

But when Samsung and other manufacturers are producing screens with higher resolutions with all the same bells and whistles for half the price, I don't see how Apple can even justify the cost of a phone that expensive. 

Right now you can pay monthly around 25-35 to get the iPhone on the upgrade plan. If the phone is up to $1400, then that is $50-70 per month, which is typically much more than even the cell service of the phone. 
Well, duh-doh!
I've got tickets to NYCC so I'll be on the look out. 
I still don't understand what makes this app worth $39.99 or even $19.99 now, when there are so many free apps with great designs and features. Can anyone explain what this app offers that is different and unique enough to warrant that kind of price tag?
Just need Julian to do a voice for the show. 
31 years old and I love me some Wheel! 
Do you have a source of him saying it would connect the two? 
I mean all of those criticisms are still true. It's just that Apple does a great job of building an ecosystem that is hard to get out of. If you use Apple products everything works together very well. It's just that you need to be constantly spending $1000s to stay up to date in that ecosystem.
Oh I agree. Even people who aren't well off will splurge for it as it will be a status symbol. And with financing options anyone can really afford it if they don't mind the monthly payments. But it's still a ridiculous amount of money for what you are most likely getting compared to other phones. It's just that Apple has developed a fashion quality to their brand and people want to have what is popular, no matter the cost.

I'm sure that tons of people will buy it and it will be a huge success for Apple, but as someone who actually cares more about what my money gets me than what kind of phone I have in public, I don't think I could ever justify the cost of a $1100-1200 iPhone.
I agree that is their plan, but I find it hard to believe that people are going to be satisfied with the same form factor yet again for the 7s. This will be the 4th year in a row with no major change to the body or screen for the iPhone.

And when comparing the 7s to the Pro (or whatever it will be called), it's going to look very outdated and boring for $750+, but the Pro will be priced too high for most people. 

It's hard to not notice the S8 for around $550 right now, and when compared to an iPhone that is twice as much even as an Apple enthusiast, I just can't justify that price for a phone. Especially when I can get a better screen for half the price.
Yeah I wasn't trying to imply that it would work as it was written. Just that having that kind of connection to the character would help improve the film. 
I agree that the writing was horrible but I think it was also an issue of rebooting another Batman. I think the hype would have been much larger if it was Christian Bale as Batman continuing that character instead of a new actor and new (cinematic) backstory to Batman. Having a new backstory to the character from what we've known and are used to for the past several years was a lot of exposition to deal with in a movie that was already bloated. 

The writing is the worst part, I will agree there. But I think having characters played by actors who have established their take on the characters would have helped a whole lot. 

Instead we got an expansion to the world of Man of Steel, as if the people in that movie were deep enough to hold up a franchise on. 
I think it takes away from my original experience as well. When you see things happen a second time there is no longer a feeling of "was that supposed to happen?" And you realize it was just completely scripted to be a thrill and not part of a gaming experience. 

Uncharted if full of that. They are amazing in the moment but when you realize that the ledge you were hanging on to was going to fall regardless of how hard you jumped on it or how you interacted with it, it feels less exciting. 
I don't think a scene went by in the movie where a character wasn't pointing out how beautiful Wonder Woman was. Could have done without that. Also, it felt like a Chris Pine movie with Wonder Woman as a sidekick.
Which is true. I don't want to read about new female versions of famously male super heroes. There are plenty of established female superheroes that could be put in the spotlight. Otherwise, create new characters and give them the love and care the stories and characters deserve. Don't just slap a female into the role of Thor and expect everyone to be excited about diversity. It's not diversity, it's just trying to sell more books by taking advantage of the social climate at the time. Don't make gender/race the focus.
Exactly right. BvS should have been earth shattering numbers. The problem is they rushed the franchise. We finally got Batman and Superman in the same film but it was with a brand new Batman and a Superman who only had one other movie. That would be like doing Iron Man 1 and then the Avengers. It wouldn't have the same feel to it without the stories from each character before the team up.
I've never felt the urge to replay Last of Us or any Uncharted game ever again. They are great story-based games but when you know the beats of the story, it doesn't have the same impact as the first time you played. And with so many other great games available to play, I couldn't imagine taking the time to go through them again.

As for Persona 5, Nier and Nioh, I don't even have enough interest to play them once, let alone play them a second time. If you are into those kinds of games, then you have a great selection with PS4, but I have no interest them. I'd much rather play multiplatforms in better quality with quicker load times and improved graphics and resolution.
Well, like I said, I don't hate it by any means. I think it works well as an extension of the franchise. 

My issues with it stem from the lost potential. This was Ultron, it should have been a worldwide epidemic, but big final fight was contained to one small third world country. It ended up feeling just like the finale to Avengers 1 but in a more derelict setting, which I have no emotional ties to what so ever. 

The Ultron I knew was much more menacing and had a much bigger army. I was hoping for a much larger scale battle, but we basically got the Chitauri battle but robots. It didn't feel like a progression in terms of the scope of the action. 

Another issue I had was the personality of Ultron being just as quippy and comedic as everyone else. I expected a much darker and grittier tone from this film than Avengers 1, and Ultron was cracking wise a lot. It didn't feel all that menacing, not to mention I didn't think the voice fit the character at all.

There was also a lot of side-plots that I didn't think needed that much time devoted to them. Banner and Natasha's romance seemed really out of place and pointless to the story. I also wasn't a big fan of the "lullaby" technique that they used to "calm down the Hulk". It all just felt very forced to me. Then there was the whole Black Widow flashbacks and her drama of not being able to have kids that felt really pointless and out of place in the context of the movie. I know it was done to build more relationship between her and Banner, but it just didn't work at all for me and felt like needless story when we needed more time for the main plot.

I also didn't particularly enjoy the scenes at Clint's home with his family. I think they could have cut down a lot of that.

Then there was all the Infinity War set up that was shoehorned in. I'm glad they are setting up the pieces a bit early, but it felt very out of place. Thor's Hot Tub Time Machine was completely strange and was just a sign of poor editing and pacing in the film. They clearly had more of a story there which they cut to make room for Banner and Natasha playfully flirting at the Avengers HQ in a romance that we KNOW will ultimately lead no where. 

There are a lot of other minor issues I had, some with performances, some with pacing, but those are the major ones, in my opinion. Like I said, not a BAD movie, and I didn't hate it. I just have issues with it and think it's more knowing that a few small changes could have made it so much better. It's the missed potential of the film that bothers me more than the actual film. 
That's true and a fair point. I never got the impression that he wanted to stop BEING Iron Man. I think his goal was more because of what he went through in the first Avengers and the vision Wanda gave him making he feel like they need a better system for protecting the world.
>So many super hero stories go from origin right to the hero wanting to stop being the hero.

But Ultron was created for the very specific reason that Tony wanted a means to a end for the Avengers. We had one Avengers movie and then this one Tony was like "welp, let's create this thing so we don't gotta keep doing this". It's exactly the same plot point that you claim to not be happy with in other films.

I don't hate AoU, I had a great time with it, I think it was just a little too ambitious and poorly paced. It didn't give enough time to certain things, and too much to others. Overall it was fun though. But to claim that it didn't suffer from the same issues you mention is just wrong.

The entire point of Ultron was so that the Avengers wouldn't always have to be there and could stop doing what they were doing.
2 decades? It hasn't even been one decade yet. 
And only get to watch once. You wait all day to get into the Avengers panel, they finally show the trailer and you miss have the dialogue and music because people are cheering and screaming so loud. 

I get being excited and cheering. The creators are there and want to hear how pumped you are, but I do think there is generally a lot of people getting overly loud just for attention as well as a lot of people who are probably exaggerating their natural response for whatever reason. 

It's an issue I've had at any con I go to. I love hearing the excitement but when it crosses into over the top nonsense screaming then I can't stand it.
What makes this different from standard lenticular printing? 
Oh this was back in the 90s when it was out. They rethemed it to Stitch after a few years. 
Disney did have the Alien Encounter ride, ExtraTERRORestrial for a brief time in Magic Kingdom. That ride was scary as fuck to me as a kid. It was practically already Alien just without the official licensing. Apparently it was originally going to be an official ride, called the Nostromo, but they ditched that being Alien is an R rated movie and they didn't want a ride based on that.
I really think that is a gross exaggeration of the Microsoft UI. It's actually really well organized when you consider the level of content that is being served. It's not perfect, but it's not all randomly placed with no rhyme or reason. Content is divided up pretty well with your most recent games/apps being displayed on the home and pins below that.

When I hear this criticism it feels like people are just parroting what they hear is a complaint without actually using the dashboard for more than 5 seconds. I use both Xbox and PS4 dashboards and Xbox is by far the better product in my opinion. It feels more modern and clean and organized. The PS4 feels like the kind of menus you'd expect from console a generation or two ago that hasn't evolved or innovated. It feels like what you'd expect from a streaming stick UI, not what I'd want for a high end gaming console with a lot of content.
Red Five standing by...
Hit the xbox button and everything you need is right there on the left. Home, Games and Apps, Store, your last 5 loaded games/apps, quick access to friends list, party, settings, and more.

I get that PS4 is easy to navigate, but I feel it's only easy because of how basic it is. Xbox One is a media hub, primarily for gaming, but works really well for other content too. I have both but really dislike how the PS4 is laid out, it feels so old and bland.
He has custom voice lines recorded just for the game. Not sure if that is worth the price to anyone, but just thought I'd point that out as it's pretty cool to have him record a few lines for it.
But would Benders defense ability have prevented you from needing that healing?

I suppose the benefit to Scruffy is that his ability can be used closer to the end of a fight while bender has to use it at the beginning. But I wonder what the differences are in terms of overall damage taken. 
Would you strongly recommend scruffy over bender?
You're being downvoted, but it's true. The cutout for the speaker and camera just doesn't look good at all. I understand that they may plan on using the space on either side for status bar info, but lots of apps don't display the status bar, and if they just make that space dark for full screen apps it kind of defeats the purpose of getting rid of the bezels. 

It just doesn't look like Apple to me. And if this were model of the next Galaxy phone, this subreddit would be very vocally against it. I think a lot of people just don't (or can't) realize how defensive they are about Apple.
I recorded this from Xbox Game DVR and did some editing in After Effects to remove the HUD. 
I had a party hat back around 2002 which I sold at slightly above market value at the time. I was really into flipping expensive items for profit. This was years before the grand exchange was even a thing, back when trading was the mob of people behind the NW bank at Varrocks. I always weep a little bit remembering the brief few months when I actually had a party hat and a santa hat at the same time. 

"Press 12345 to buy Notes of Coal!!!!!"

At least my 10 year cape can hold me over. Have they released a 15 year cape yet?
It's weird to realize that some people don't know that. I remember eagerly awaiting each new movie. To think that some people have just come on board and not even know they were actual movies. Makes me feel old.
The track clean up was going on this week and next week I believe. ABCD trains have been suspended in the evenings on weekdays for track cleaning along this line. 
Same, been living right by this station for quite a few years. It's not perfect and bit dirty and run down, but overall it's not much worse than a lot of other stations. 
It was an Air Soft gun and picked up off the shelf of Walmart like that. 
Do you get him instantly for unlocking the 3 animals? Or do you have to do the Animal Instincts mission?
It's more the principle of the thing at this point. I think it's silly to remove a headphone jack with the reasoning being that it's outdated, but then include an adapter so people can continue using the same "outdated" headphones. 

To me, it looks like Apple trying to make using wired headphones a little more complicated in order to push as many people to AirPods as possible. It also ensures that ALL adapters, dongles, or anything that plugs into the phone HAS to use the Lightning connector which Apple gets royalties on from anyone company that creates a product with it. So if you lose your dongle, or need spare dongles, Apple makes more money. The hassle of carrying it around or not having it when you need/want it will probably push more people to just go with wireless and that means Apple has more people looking into their AirPods and spending $159 on something they used to be able to do for free.

I just refuse to pay $800 for a device which requires me to use an adapter for something as universal as headphones. It's not a courageous change for the industry, it's a selfish change for Apple to make slightly more money.
Yes. I am on an upgrade plan and could have gotten the 7 easily. I just want a headphone jack and won't pay for a phone without it. Apple did nothing to prove to me that removing it was a good idea. "Courage" is not an answer. To me it looks like an attempt to push their propriety port and AirPods. Sure some people will pick up a third party bluetooth headphone, but the lack of a headphone jack definitely points people in the direction of Apple's wireless product. 

I would have upgraded on day one to the 7 if it had the jack.
What about locking your phone when you are done using it? I use the power button everytime I use my phone as a way to lock the screen before putting my phone in my pocket.
Keeping my 6S until it dies on me, then I'll probably move away from Apple because of the loss of the jack. Maybe by then all phones will no longer have a headphone jack, but I use mine daily and will not be dealing with wireless headphones. 
Check out Infuse. I use it exclusively for watching videos on my phone. 
Can you save videos for offline viewing? Does any iOS app have that ability?
But then the 7S will look like the cheap version. I didn't pick up a 5C because I didn't want to settle for the lowest/cheapest version of the phone and wanted the features. But making your mainstay line now the cheap model is going to make a lot of people upset. For $700-$900+ you expect the best. Making a 3rd phone that is hundreds more expensive and comes with the newest features (while not providing most of those features to the original line) will feel like a money grab to a lot of people. It will feel like they just decided they wanted $300 more per phone and turned the main line into the C line by purposefully not giving it bezel-free design, or better screen resolution.

If Samsung can put in a OLED, bezel-free screen and make it water resistance for $750, Apple should not be pricing their phone at $1200, even with the "Apple Tax". I have a love/hate relationship with iOS, but I stick with it... but a $500 difference in price is not enough to keep me around and I won't settle for the another 6/6S/7 style phone with improved specs if that is all the 7S is. I think a lot of people will look elsewhere too at that point. But I really don't think iPhone will ever flop. People are loyal apple fanboys and will buy it no matter what. It's a status symbol at this point and a lot of people will get it (and even defend the pricing) to feel like they are still important because they have it.
I love it when people throw their salary around like it's directly related to their value as a person. I know hard working, kind people who make next to nothing and lazy, incompetent people who make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. If you want to hide behind a salary like it's some kind of statistic to judge other people on then you really don't know what the value of yourself is. 
I'd like to see the superhero costumes unlocked for Fry, Leela and Bender. Captain Yesterday, Clobberella, and Super King.
Would be cool if you could build a sewer world too, since the mutants can't come up on the surface.
Tapped Out seems like you could actually get around to unlocking most things as a F2P player with all the donuts you are able to get for free now.

Though to be fair, you can get like 2-6 free pizza's most days (or every other day) from this game. It's just only been out for a week or two so it's going to be a slower grind to get enough pizza for things as a free player. 

(Though once someone hacks this game, i will have no issues with doing a little free pizza)
Day 2 of playing this game they wanted me to spend $20 for enough pizza to unlock Nixon. Maybe some people don't mind spending that much for a mobile game, but there is no way I'm going to be dishing out $20 for one character in a mobile game. Hell, I'll rarely spend that much for a full console or PC game. I pay $60 for AAA games on release, no way one character in a mobile game is worth 1/3rd of Uncharted 4.
No owl in the shot. Try again.
That's fine. But there is no way that putting this monstrosity of a "case" around your phone will improve it whatsoever. 

This thing looks uncomfortable to hold, offers poor protection to the phone, and is a complete eyesore. 

And be a pain in the pocket.
Yikes. Aren't their other (better looking) cases which would give you those options without the need to essentially glue parts to your $700-$800 phone?
I have tried a few apps that use this idea, my favorite being [Leap](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/leap-social-media-all-in-one-app/id1037956313?mt=8)

All apps like this just seem to log into the web versions of each account, meaning some features that are present in the full apps aren't present (like private messages in Instagram).

Here are some others I tried: [Pyxsee](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pyxsee-social-media-all-in-one-app/id1179342068?mt=8) and [SoFlow](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/soflow/id1054538778?mt=8) and [TappFeed](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/tappfeed-combine-all-your-social-media-feeds-into-1-app/id972564289?mt=8)
How is the stand and ring attached the phone?
My god is this hideous. Why take a device that is designed to be sleek and slim and put an ugly riveted piece of metal around it? This is worse than those cases with the bunny ears on them.
"Because" is Janes Addiction - Just Because. 
You have no idea what will be offered or how much it will cost, but you are willing to buy two at launch. That is just blond loyalty or fanboy-ism. 
$1000 is the max in my opinion. I wouldn't even be able to justify it at that price considering the plethora of bezel-less OLED phones available for under $800, but it would be easier to get customers on board with than $1200+. 
But the S8 doesn't have bezels either. It's not like picking between a S7 and S8+
This is part of the problem. 
Yeah, I feel like they should have let players dip their toes in a little easier. If Nixon was $5 and you got some left over pizza it would have been a good way to get players invested and comfortable with spending money in game. At $20 for a newly released game without the safety of knowing this game will be supported for a long time, it's a hard sell. I suppose they just want those type of players who don't shy away from spending that kind of money, but it seems greedy to me.
But they are managing the store, sales, marketing, production, packaging, distribution, etc. If you started your own ecommerce site you'd need to do a lot of work to get people to come to your site and buy things from it. Not to mention finding a place to actually produce your products at a good cost and quickly, and managing the packaging and shipping.

If this company is offering a profit share, they most likely have done this with other designers and have an established userbase. 

I would try to negotiate for a higher cut of the sales, 20% seems more fair to me. 50% seems a bit high when this company is taking on ALL the responsibility of the production and customer service. I have this kind of arrangement with several companies to sell some designs which would have otherwise sat on my portfolio. 

If you find a place willing to pay you 50% of the profit for the design, take it, but don't be offended at 20% or even 10%. Unless you plan on actually selling these designs yourself and have the means to find customers, produce the products, ship them, and manage customer service, you should take these kind of deals.

But as was mentioned above, ensure you retain rights and ownership of the designs. Some places will offer a big upfront payment for the rights and then a lower "per sale" commission. Try to think ahead about what you'd use the design for, but I try to keep the rights to everything I can. 
AfterShip is rarely mentioned here but is really solid and underrated. 
Is that Ricky holding his favorite single, 'If You See a Sailor'?
Agreed. Tapped Out is simple yet satisfying. This seems complex and the icons are too small. But overall I'm happy to have a similar game in the Futurama universe. 

Now we just need the r/freedonuts equivalent. Though there doesn't seem to be a login so I'm not sure how that would work. 
Fooking
Not the OP, but I was interested as well and tracked them down: 

https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/23/df/aa/23dfaa03e2b58a4c025b6186ad15829d.jpg

https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/65/80/8b/65808ba78089977981ee537d443f00d3.jpg
I'm not claiming to know better than Apple, I'm just stating that there are issues with having a cutout at the top center of the screen. Let's be honest here, this sub reddit was blasting the Essential Phone got having a cutout on the screen for the camera, but now that the next iPhone will have a cutout for camera and speaker it's a smart move? 

At some point you have to look back at things. Just because I claim that there would be issues with having a major cutout in the screen doesn't mean you have to take personal offense and attempt to insult me with sarcasm. Apple doesn't always make the best design decisions. Look at the camera bump and new Control Center design as examples. Grow up, man.
Whew. I retract my downvote then.
Newegg just made me login and update my payment info just to view the price of an item on sale. After the hassle of doing all of that on mobile just to see the price, it turned out to be a $4.00 savings on a product over $200. Worthless.
>reboot with younger actors

Ugh, that is the worst idea I've ever heard. 
Yeah, if Phase 4 kicks off with a Doctor Strange sequel, then we know he is safe. Leaving it unannounced means that no character is truly safe, and I really think we are going to see several major characters getting go down in this one. 
Right. At some point older iPhone models aren't supported any more but most people have upgraded before then. Doesn't need to be a new generation, it could just be upgrades and discontinuing older models. 
This would be my dream. I work closely in the field I'm interested in but at a company that doesn't fulfill my creativity. I have ideas and aspirations for what I'd do if I had time and think it would be great, but working on those ideas a few hours a week in my free time means it will takes years for any progress and by then it may not even be useful.
I'm aware of that. But if you want to play Microsoft's exclusives you have to get them through the Windows 10 store.
You are acting like you are somehow outsmarting Microsoft, when Microsoft has developed Play Anywhere and pushing for their games to be on PC for the very reasons you mention. Yet you continue to act condescending about getting a PC. 

The point is, Microsoft WANTS you to be able to play their games on PC. Selling games is their priority. It's where the money is made in the gaming industry. Console used to be sold at a loss just so they could then sell games to those people and make back the profits. Microsoft has found a way to sell games to people without having sell them a $200-500 box now. They just went from only being able to sell to Xbox owners, to being able to sell to anyone on a Windows PC that is capable of running a game. They aren't giving up on consoles or Xbox, they are expanding Xbox! The Xbox family now includes Windows 10, so if you are gaming on a PC, you are essentially gaming on a custom built Xbox.

This is the kind of innovation the gaming industry needs. Microsoft is offering their games on pre-made consoles boxes, but if that's not enough for you, you can still play them on a custom built PC and sync the games and save data between PC and console. 

You are literally playing right into what they have built specifically for gamers like you and insulting them along the way. That kind of attitude is ridiculous and unwelcome in more gaming forums, which is way people downvote you. 
But the the display is off centered on the screen and one side is a hard corner edge and the other is a rounded corner edge. So youd need a bar on the other side to center it and provide that hard corner and then it just seems pointless to have such a large display. 
But the S8 has a much higher quality screen resolution.
But what about when watching a video or playing a game. I don't need status icons and info while doing those things, and if I turn the phone they will be constantly sideways. Or there will just be a black bar there and then the screen is off-center in the device. Either way it's a stupid move.
Which is a bad thing. Seeing the status icons while watching a video or playing a fullscreen game would be extremely distracting and ruin the experience of those apps/games.
Just look at the box art for the original Mega Man. 
> last year sony conference they announced FF7 remake and shenmue which didn't even appear 

That was two years ago. And not a word about either game since then. 
Or it's the start of no more generations and just upgraded consoles when tech is improved enough to justify it. It's like the iPhone model bit every 3-4 years instead of every year. 

There really is no telling which direction they will take. MS is definitely in a position where they don't need to do any other generation of console and just continue the One with newer hardware for years to come. 
I don't think a generation change is coming by 2020 but if it does it won't affect my decision to get a One X. It's $500, even at 3 years that is $166 a year or $13 a month to play the same games but in better quality with faster load times and better frame rates. In addition to being a perfect media hub for all other entertainment. That's easily affordable and worth it to me.

I really don't see Sony or MS changing consoles anytime soon though. There is no big hardware leaps to be had at the moment. I'd imagine another upgrades Xbox One in 2-3 years with a better CPU and improved hardware. But I don't see a generation refresh happening anytime soon. Microsoft seems to be trying to make that a thing of the past. 
Go ahead. You'll still be paying Microsoft for the games. They literally want PC gamers to continue playing on OC. That's why they have Play Anywhere. I'm constantly surprised by the amount of PC gamers thinking they are getting one over on Microsoft for using the system MS made specifically for them. 
He said it's the start of gaming without boundaries. In reference to generations. 
I'm in!
I concur. 
Right? Isn't this basically retail price for everything? 

$299.99 - Switch 
$79.99 - Joy Cons
$59.99 - ARMS

$439.97 Total

I thought bundles were meant to give you some kind of savings since you are buying multiple items. 
I'm in!
This is a good point. At 4-5 years you should hopefully not still have the job title of Graphic Designer. Senior Graphic Designer, Art Director, things like that are what you should be shooting for. Those will come with higher price tags. 
No one guessed that Milligan would wind up in a desk job after all of that. That is an interesting and dark ending for that character that properly subverts expectations. It wouldn't be enjoyable if he just left the Gerhardt and that was all we ever knew about him. 
I can think that deeply, but it doesn't make it an interesting story or a satisfying conclusion. I don't really give a shit about the theme of a show if ultimately the show tells a bland, shallow story that doesn't really hold up to scrutiny.

I think you are trying to be condescending towards people who dislike the season by acting like they just don't understand it, but it's not really that complex. It's just not an interesting story. It's not really enjoyable to have a main character who literally serves no purpose and is pointed out to be serving no purpose. It's not enjoyable to have another main character with literally no backstory, no motivation, and no information on what becomes of them. It's not enjoyable to have another main character go from small-bit con/crook to criminal mastermind in a few episodes with zero on-screen character development.

This season has serious flaws and it's not in a lack of understanding the themes of the show or the attempts at recapturing Coen brothers style. It's a story problem. I could write a story about a guy taking a shit and fill it with thematic nuance and esoteric deep meanings about society and politics, but that doesn't make it good, it's still just a guy taking a shit.

And don't take this the wrong way. I'm not saying this season doesn't have it's merits. It does what it set out to do well and it works overall, my complaint is that the story (which holds everything else together) fell completely flat. Too much time was put into deeper meanings and stylistic choices and it detracted from the story. Had the story held up on it's own, then everything else is a wonderful add on that adds to the experience. But the story was shallow and overall pretty boring. It was a prime example of style over substance in my opinion. But again, I'm not saying it's bad, it's just no where near as good as it could have been with more time spent on story and less on trying to be deep.
Problem with things like that is, the viewers come up with these crazy theories and fill in the holes based on their own theories but it's all just make believe. Quantum nature COULD be what's happening, but it's also just some bullshit written by someone to explain things that don't make sense. 

It's great that it makes you think, and I'm glad that some people enjoyed this season. I don't think everything needs to be spelled out in a show, nor do I think every storyline needs a concrete conclusion, but the open ended way that a lot of things concluded in this season really bothered me. It wasn't open ended in a good way, it was just left untold and unexplained. Again, not everything has to be explained, but as a viewer I want to see some kind of resolution for characters, and to have it just end on a "he said/she said" situation isn't provocative. 

I understand that it fits in the very nature of Vargas character, but then this leaves his character as nothing essentially. We learn nothing about where he came from, what his purpose was, why he was doing these thing, and where he was going. Again, we don't need all of the information, but without anything to go off of, I am left wondering why I bothered to watch a story that revolved around him when I walk away with literally nothing.

I'm fine with narratives taking chances and doing things differently, and I understand what they were going for, I just think it was executed poorly. Had the story been more interesting or deeper maybe those issues wouldn't be such a problem for a lot of people. But there was so much going on that is really just dropped or forgotten about in favor of artistic and stylistic choices that people feel upset. The story, on the surface, is a very very simple story with not many twists and turns and plays out almost exactly like people would expect. There were a few smaller curveballs, but overall it felt like a paint-by-numbers story with some esoteric style thrown in to make it feel deep, but in actuality it's very shallow. 

You can argue that that is the Coen brothers style, but frankly, it needs to accompany a story that is worth investing the time in, and I think a lot of people are walking away from this season with the reaction of, "that's it?".

It wasn't a fun ride. And when that happens with a narrative, I instantly don't give a shit about any of the so called "complex" deeper meanings. I don't give a shit about the quantum nature of a character because it ultimately lead no where and took 10 episodes to achieve something that was otherwise meaningless when it's paired along side a story that dragged on with little to no progression and when it finally did progress, it went in such a cookie-cutter direction that it felt lazy.

Where can you get one for $200? I'd love to grab it at that price. 
This is what he meant with that quote. I have no doubt that the X is also a good reference to Windows 10, and the origins of the Xbox name and a good reason why they chose it ultimately, but saying "the power of x" is a phrase that is meant to imply infinite power or an always growing power.

Who knows if that is the actual reason why they went with X, but in the context of that quote, this is the correct explanation. Windows 10 and DirectX explanations are just other ideas as to the rationale behind the name, not this quote.
PlayStation is the correct capitalization. PS makes sense.

Xbox One X is the correct capitalization. XBOX does not make sense.
Nacho could be the first person that Jimmy/Saul help make disappear like he was offering to do for Walt in BB.
Nice thanks for the clarification! Thays really exciting!
Where is confirmation of Spider-Man in the first half of 2018? Also, where is confirmation of Days Gone in 2018? Did I miss some announcements?
I encourage you to go build a PC with similar specs for $499. Even if you do, you still have to pay MS for their games. Which is where they make even more money than the consoles. So it's a win for them either way. But have fun trying to get the same performance, cost, size and support with your build. 
I was one of the "it should be $399" people but I totally get it now. It's not meant to compete with PS4 Pro, it's meant to blow it out of the water. It's got so much more packed in it and is tiny. I'm impressed and think it's definitely worth the cost. 
You'll change your tune when you see what's going on with Multiplayer. 
What's up with that controller? Is it a weird angle or some new style? Looks completely different and bigger than the ones I have. 
I mean that's just your opinion about how people will view it. There is really no telling. They seem to be pushing the "games will look best on Xbox One X" line a lot. Gamers know that graphics are important and want the best and there is definitely a market for console gamers who want 4k but not a PC. 

The point is though, it doesn't matter if you buy the console, it's the games that are the profit makers and if you buy on Xbox or Windows they still benefit from it all the same. 
They just spent a year making the most powerful console to solidify their console market. That side isn't going anywhere. 
And that's fine. Console used to be sold at a loss because game sales are what counts. Think about that. Microsoft and Sony used to lose money Everytime a console was sold. Now they make a profit but he real money comes from selling games.

How do you sell more games? Turn every PC gamer into an Xbox gamer. Play Anywhere allow them to sell to every PC gamer as if they bought an Xbox. They lose out on whatever marginal profit they would get from an Xbox sale and instead gain a giant market for selling games without having to convince them to invest the money in the console. 

I've seen people laugh at Microsoft claiming they would just play on PC, as if they are tricking the system. This is the system MS wants. People buying and playing their games. 
Exactly. MS could buy Sony if they really wanted to and not even flinch. 
If it's hard for gamers to justify $60 on a game they aren't familiar with, imagine what it's like for studios to spend 10s of millions of dollars on a new game and put all their time and resources into that instead of doing a safe sequel.
To go even further, all of those you mentioned are coming 2017 except Ori and Sea of Thieves. But you can even play Sea of Thieves right now if you are a part of the insider program. Everything else will be available at launch of Xbox One X or earlier.
There is no way they will do a rounded corner screen. From a design perspective, putting items in the corners and having rounded corners looks like garbage. I would certainly expect better from Apple, though I've been let down by them in the design department for a long time now.
Yeah. I don't know many people who are chomping at the bit for Knack 2 and No Ni Kumi 2. But if that's your thing, you'll have a great year.
I highly doubt Days Gone, Spider-Man, Detroit, or Shadow of the Colossus will be coming out before the next E3. If they were, they would have told us. God of War and some DLC are all PS4 will have for the rest of this year and most of next. 
And it was a kickstarter. They stood on a million dollar E3 stage and asking their fans to fund the game, and haven't said a word about it in 2 years.
It's not currently slated for anything. It's assumed March since that is when most main title God of War games have come out since the beginning. But all we know for sure is "Early 2018"
They aren't coming to PS4. It's Xbox One and Windows 10 for both of them, and Darwin will be on Steam as well.

I'm just trying to correct your statement which was wrong. And point out that Sony pulled the same shit you are complaining about. Now you want to bring up AAA exclusives as a new talking point to distract from the original point that Sony didn't show off anything new.

You can call me names and downvote me all you want, but that's a desperate and immature way to handle a discussion about video games. I own both a PS4 and Xbox, and subscribe to both subreddits. Is pointing out the faults of Sony not welcome here? I'm not trying to downplay anything. You claimed that Microsoft showed off only 3 NEW exclusives, I corrected that by naming two more and pointed out that Sony failed to show any NEW exclusive IP except for some VR games. You can't handle that level of discussion without attempting to insult people and label them as fanboys? Again I say, it's hypocritical. Enjoy your echo chamber if this is your reaction to someone with some legitimate criticism of your console of choice. 
In the interviews with the devs, I believe they said there is nothing to stop you from going to takedown the Kingpin from the start, other than it being insanely difficult.
I got two pages full of games I want to keep an eye on. Will I play them all? Probably not. But there is a lot to look forward to for sure.
Darwin Project and Ashen are two that you forget. 

How many new console exclusives did Sony announce that won't be on Xbox One? Shadow of Colossus remake and VR stuff? 

Don't act like this wasn't a weak year overall for everyone. It's hypocritical.
Destiny 2 would like to have a word with you.
After Sony's big fuss about gamers not wanting backwards compatibility because gamers want new experiences, it was kind of frustrating to see the ONLY previously unannounced game in their conference be a remake of a 15 year old that just got a remaster 5 years ago.
$800 to play some VR fishing simulator. Wooo!
Or I don't like turn-based anime games, and JRPGs. I mean, the art style, gameplay, voice acting, and direction are completely different when comparing games like Nioh, Neri, and Persona to games like Uncharted or Horizon. It's not required to like all of them. They aren't to my tastes and I'm not going to waste my money or my time playing games that aren't something I'm interested in playing, regardless of how good others find it. To each his own, but generally if you aren't in JRPGs and anime, you didn't have much to play on PS4 this year, and looks like you won't have much more for the rest of the year.
Not of you aren't into anime or JRPGs. Then you just have Horizon all year and most of next. 
Problem is, they have doubled down on the Uncharted formula and now every game they have looks like a reskin of it. Do they even offer any AAA games that aren't 3rd person single player action adventure games? Maybe with a unique or different art style that isn't just as realistic as possible?
It's an HDMI input into the console. So I can plug my cable box into the Xbox and then watch my cable box through the Xbox input. So when I'm watching cable I can still get Xbox notifications for game and party invites. I can also instantly switch to a game quickly whenever I want and then back to tv. 
And here I am really loving the HDMI passthrough and Kinect. It's changed how gaming is integrated into my living room. I've literally decided to not play my PS4 several times because of the hassle of switching inputs. It's a convenience I didn't know I needed until I had it. And it's hard to go back. 
AAA =/= Good Game. For every Uncharted PS4 has, they have a few Knacks and No Man Skys.

And Sony seems to be doubling (or tripling) down on the Uncharted style. God of War, Days Gone, The Last of Us 2, even Spider-Man looks like a carbon copy of the Uncharted style of visuals, narrative and gameplay. They all look like they play the exact same way, walk around in a beautiful environment, kill a large wave of generic bad guys, press X repeatedly to lift up a gate to go under, another area of bad guys to kill, squeeze through a tight space, cutscene to progress the story, repeat.

It's not a bad thing necessarily, but it definitely will get tiring after so many games use the formula.
I mean, you say that, but then that has been the bread and butter of God of War through countless iterations. And it's considered one of the best IPs on PlayStation.
I make a post about how uninformed people are about it and you prove that by refusing to read a few paragraphs that explain exactly what the benefits were. 
Nah, I'll be playing Crackdown 3 in a few months and having fun. I also have a PS4 so I'll be playing Spider-Man (if it's more than just a QTE Arkham game), though I'm sure we'll be waiting around 18 months for that game.

Guess you are forgetting the 2 years of PS4 launch where indie games were all you fanboys talked about as the "future" of gaming. That was when MS had lots of AAA exclusives and you guys were bashing AAAs and crowning games like Resogun the best of the best.

How quickly times change for hypocrites. 
Lol, ok have fun with those.
Two DLCs, a sequel to a game no one wanted, and more anime games? Enjoy!
Xbox is making strides for JRPGs. They have Black Desert and Code Vein highlighted at their show. 
Times change though. Most console multiplatforms are being developed along side PC versions, and the PC versions have to run at ultra settings in 4k all the way down to a mid/low range computer. The scaling of quality is something developers are already doing now as a standard practice. There is no reason to not take advantage of that work being done for PC and use the extra power of the Xbox One X.

It's also worth noting that the difficulty of coding for PS3 likely lead to developers saying "fuck it" to improving the games for PS3. Probably took them more time to get games on PS3 than it would have taken to optimize graphics for the console, and they couldn't do both. This is just Jim being a poor sport about it.
Agreed. They are definitely back in full force now. No appreciation for what others are doing in the industry. Talking shit about anything they don't do. I mean, honestly, claiming that you refused to allow EA Access because you didn't think it would be a good value to your gamers? How about you let the gamers decide?

The funny part is, they paid millions for Battlefront 2 marketing rights, and Xbox One users will get to play it a week in advance because of EA Access.

Also, remember when Nintendo commissioned 2-3 original pieces of Zelda artwork to celebrate the launch of the Switch and BotW? Remember what Sony did? They tweeted a congratulations and in the same breath advertised Horizons. Don't forget the rules they set in place for Skyrim and Fallout mods on consoles which basically made them completely useless. 

They have been acting so anti-consumer and so restrictive on what they allow gamers to do. It's really a shame. I think all of the big 3 should be invested in the gaming industry, not JUST themselves. When Nintendo is offering cross play, and Sony isn't, you know there is a massive problem going on. 


I think that argument could go either way. Like I had said, someone could choose to get a PS4 BECAUSE it has cross play and they could play with friends on other devices.

I could honestly see someone looking at the list of crossplay devices and deciding that if PS4 doesn't support it, they would get a console that does. 

We are just arguing two sides of the coin here and both are valid. I get that they want to lock their players into their wall garden because they have the most players. But as a gamer, I was insanely excited to see cross play with this game. I mostly play Rocket League on Xbox, but knowing that I could get it for my Switch, and play with my friends while traveling and using my Switch was a big thrill. Even if grouping up is limited to custom matches, it's still a great option to have. If I primarily played Rocket League on PS4 (as did my friends), I'd be pretty bummed to find out that we were excluded.

As a gamer, I don't care about Sony's shareholders, I care about gaming and my experience with the games. I'm not going to rationalize Sony's reasons to be for or against this. It's frustrating. Maybe MS and Nintendo have their reasons to be doing this, but I don't think anyone could argue that this isn't a positive move for the gaming industry as a whole. And I think it shows that Sony is not "for the players" like they claim. Like I said, I get it, but that doesn't mean I think it's right.


I was really really hoping or a $399 price point, but I see what they are doing. I always agreed that $499 was a fair price, but $399 would be the aggressive price I wanted to see from them. 

But Phil himself said it. He sees the Xbox One S as the competition for the PS4 Pro. Xbox One X is in the league of it's own, and that $499 makes it stand out as the premium console. If they priced it at $399, people would just act like it's the same as the Pro. This price difference makes people realize WHY it's $100 more and it's because it is that much more powerful than the Pro. $399 may be aggressive and competitive, but it would be undervaluing it and make people think it's cheap. I wasn't expecting it to the be smaller than the S as well, it's incredible what they packed into that thing.
I think things like Scalebound have made MS reconsider what they show and when. They aren't in the business of disappointing fans. I'm sure they had legitimate reasons to cancel Scalebound, and based on the gameplay I saw of it, I can't say I blame them. It's just a shame that it was out in the public eye for so long only to be killed. I'm sure they wany to avoid that kind of thing.

Meanwhile, Sony has been criticized for showing games WAY too early and I think their E3 was a reaction to that, in addition to things like hyping No Mans Sky for 3 years in a row only for it to be a complete failure. They want to make sure what they show is actually going to be good, not just sound good when it's talked about.

Finally, I think both of them are reacting to Bethesda and their approach to the Fallout 4 announcement. No one can deny that the bomb Bethesda dropped in 2015 was pretty much a show stealer. First look at the game, and it's out 5 months later? That kind of launch proved you don't need to hype a game year after year in order to get fans excited. 

So now, we got MS and Sony already having personal reasons for restricting what they show, but also wanting to have a similar surprise announcement and launch. This creates a lull in what is shown as nothing is actually ready yet for them. I'm sure MS has some great things being worked on, but wants to save it for that surprise announcement. Sony has Death Stranding and TLoU2 that were completely absent from the show this year (probably because they were so far off and didn't want to take heat for another year of CGI trailers). This E3 is a result of both companies changing how they approach announcements, because of previous heat they've both gotten and because of how fans love that surprise of a new announcement and quick launch. Which means a lack of NEW games because both are holding a lot back for a more impactful reveal next year (or the year after).
If allowing Rocket League and Minecraft players to play with people on other consoles/PC could do significant damage to Sony, then I would question how secure Sony is.

No one is going to pick PS4 over another console just to play Minecraft or Rocket League with out friends on PS4. I highly doubt that is going to be the deciding factor.

But if it was, I would think Sony could sell MORE consoles by allowing this.

"Most of my friends have PS4, but a few of my friends play Minecraft on iPad. Oh, if I get a PS4 I can still play with them? Perfect!"

As opposed to not allowing it, and that person then has to decide if they'd rather get a console where they can play with their friends who play on mobile instead.
There is a LOT of misinformation about what the original Xbox One game policy was. Had gamers not freaked out immediately and actually listened, it would have had some pretty incredible benefits. 

First of which would make all games playable without the disc. Buy it physically, install from disc, play without the disc after that. This is a big deal considering physical games go on sale much earlier and at much deeper discounts than digital. As someone who is going digital only, it would have saved me hundreds of dollars. 

Next, it would have allowed the reselling of used games, both physical and digital! Meaning I could sell a game to my friend that I bought digitally. Because of the online check every 24 it meant each game, even digital games, could be linked to an online key. Without always online that system doesn't work. But with it, both discs and digital could have been traded in, sold or lent to friends. It would have taken an extra step of unassigning your game key before sale or trade, but I hope you can see the benefits of that. An added benefit, in case you didn't think of it, would be that developers would get the profits of used game sales. Not GameStop. Though you still could sell st GameStop if you wanted. Retailers just needed to go through the MS system to assign game keys to the person buying it. 

Lastly, game sharing would be a reality. You could link up to 10 consoles with friends or family and your entire game library would be shared. Currently this is possible with 2 consoles if you set home console properly but this would have been a huge improvement and not required the backwards "home console" assigning it does now. 

I'm not trying to come off as some PR damage control or a MS fanboy. I just really liked the idea of what they were offering at launch and think a lot of people were reacting emotionally instead of understanding what was actually being offered. And still to this day the misinformation about DRM and online only is continuing.

It wasn't a perfect idea or even the right idea for the time. But it had true benefit and advantages over what we have now. And I more people were aware of that. 
The article literally mentions that Phil says it's capable. WSJ source on no VR is there own original article on it which Phil said he hadn't seen. What kind of garbage "news" is this?
Doesn't mean it's not there. They just can't say things like "it will look best on Xbox One X". I remember reading tweets about it outperforming gaming rigs on the 1X.

Also remember, Sony may have paid for the marketing rights, but Xbox gamers with EA Access can play it first. 
Yeah that would be a huge benefit.
You mean the same games they've been showing for years? The only new exclusive last night was that remaster.
Worse service, worse quality, monthly fee. 
They didn't do cross play with Gears or Rocket League for population issues. Rocket League is cross play on Xbox and PC already, I would suspect the population is much stronger on those platforms than PS4.
How exactly would it help competitors? If I have an Xbox One and a PS4, and my friend has a Switch. And he gets Rocket League and wants to play. I'm going to get it for my Xbox One so we can play together. Instead of buying it for the PS4. 

How does locking ONLY PS4 users away from EVERY OTHER SYSTEM benefit Sony? Do you enjoy watching everyone play together from behind your bars? What benefit do you the gamer, and Sony get from this? If anything, it might encourage more people on PS4 to get Rocket League so they can play with friends who have Xbox One. 

No one is going to switch consoles to cross play Rocket League or Minecraft. It would just be a good thing for everyone to get to play together. I can't imagine it making it dent in Sony's profits. And if it could, then Sony isn't exactly built on a good foundation.
Yeah I suppose so. You get paired up into a group of 4 people and you travel the world. You started with a treasure map and have to find that island and sail to it. Then you have to use the map and your compass to find the spot where the X on the map is and dig for treasure. There are skeletons on islands that you have to kill and sharks in the water that will attack you. 

Then you have to take your treasure to outposts to sell for gold. All while avoiding other players who can attack your ship (and sink it), or just board your ship and steal your gold.

I don't think it's a full MMO, as I've often only encountered a handful of other ships in each play session, and if it was full MMO shared world I would suspect each island would have several ships at a time.
Lol. Ok. If that's how you want to justify it. I'm sure that will happen. 
If you aren't into JRPGs or anime style games, they only had Horizon for you this year. As someone who has no interest in those kinds of games, my PS4 got no use this year, and looks like it will remain unplayed for another year.
Day One owner here. Never felt more happy to be on Xbox. I also have a PS4, but my main console is my Xbox. I don't feel disappointed at all. You will still get to play every single game they showed on the original Xbox One. Nothing has changed what so ever for me. There is just an option to get a more powerful version if I choose to upgrade. I like knowing that option is there when I'm ready for it.

All-in-One entertainment is here and one of the main things that keeps Xbox at the center of my living room. I hooked up my cable to it and can get party and game invites while I watch tv. Kinect voice controls for volume, changing channels, switching games/apps, recording game play. Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, Plex streaming all easily accessible and pin-able. The Xbox is literally my entire entertainment system in one package.

If you weren't satisfied with the games, then I can understand, but I really do think Microsoft delivered on what they said they would. They showed a large and diverse selection of games that are all coming out within the next 12 months. If you switch to PS4 now, get ready to wait over a year for most of what you saw. And even longer for the things they didn't even bring to the show.

Backwards Compatibility, Game Pass, Cross Play, Play Anywhere. All amazing features that Microsoft continues to support and you can use even on an original Xbox One. There is literally no disadvantage to owning the original Xbox One at this point.
Unclear at this point how it will work with switch. I certainly hope so. 
I think Sony lucked out that MS had a very rocky start at launch. And has been rising a wave of popularity from that since then. 

They have some great games but the more I see, the more they all look like the same kind of game with a different skin. Uncharted has set the standard for PS4 exclusives and now every single one is the same 3rd person action adventure story game with elaborate set pieces but very linear. That formula is going to wear thin soon. Beyond that they have a solid hold in Asia with anime games and JRPGs. 

Meanwhile, I believe being in "second place" has really help drive Microsoft to push some of the best features and pro-consumer changes I've seen in the 2 decades I've been gaming. 

I think Sony has been the same somewhat arrogant, somewhat anti-consumer company they have been. They've just gotten better at distracting from that with shiny games and fanboys defending them. 

And I say this as someone who owns a PS4 and loves quite a few games on it. 
Ok, thanks for the tip. Nice community you guys got here. "Like it or GTFO"
> If enough of these cross play games come out that aren't available on PS4...

It's right there. Read first.
Wouldn't locking people out from playing with their friends cause some people to look elsewhere? If I had a friend who only had a Switch, and he wanted to play Rocket League with me, I'd either need to get a Switch or Xbox to do it. If enough of these cross play games come out that aren't available on PS4, I will eventually just leave PS4 so I can go game with more friends on Xbox or Switch.
While it doesn't blow me away graphically, it is so much better than what they showed during the conference. Not sure why the footage they showed looked so strange, but everything I've seen of this game after that has really impressed me. With it coming out in Nov, I was hoping we'd get at least a 3-5 minute mission gameplay feature during the show (like Sea of Thieves).
Frame Shift Hype Charging...
It would be tough to match up PC players against console players for FPS, but otherwise, I agree. Rocket League is a perfect cross play game, and if PS4 were my main console, I'd be pretty upset that I couldn't play with my friends if I choose to play on Switch.
I've bought Rocket League on Steam, Xbox and now I will on Switch as well. Couldn't be happier. Getting to play with my Xbox friends while I'm traveling or even just in a different room than my Xbox is going to be great! I'm ready for more games to adopt this feature.
And Rocket League with cross play? I already own it on PC and Xbox, but love knowing that I can play it on the go or just in bed with my friends on Xbox. Shame about PS4 players though.
Fair enough if you know friends who have it, and don't mind buying physical. For digital gamers, it's refreshing to have SOME form of deal on launch titles. Game share is a cool feature though!
Fair enough, but you can't deny getting to play games like Battlefront 2 and Anthem is a good bonus, and you can just buy it for the month you want it, and get 10% discount on games when you have it. It's a good service for people who are interested in those games and haven't played them yet.
Two of which (Metroid and Pokemon) won't be out for 2-3 years. It's great they are working on them, I had just hoped they would actually be further along than just name dropping them.
We need more than announcements though. Pokemon and Metroid are great but knowing Nintendo, it will be 2-3 years before anything is released. Was hoping for some more progress on those than just saying they are working on it. Suppose it's good regardless.
Oooooo Core Pokemon RPG on Switch confirmed!
Sony has released the same number of variations... and now a gold PS4 for some reason.

It's not just Xbox. It's the nature of technology and game development. We get better technology faster and don't want to wait 5 more years for new consoles. Consoles are slowly going to turn into the iPhone model. New versions every few years, the same games will all work on it going forward, at some point older models won't be supported anymore for newer games. But generations are essentially over (or at least that seems to be trend). 

I think it's a good move. You don't NEED to get the Xbox One X or even the slim if you don't want to. I have a Day One launch Xbox One and haven't needed to change anything. I can still play every game they showed off without buying the 1X.

I will buy the 1X because I want improved resolution, smooth framerates, faster loading and a better experience. But it's not required at all. It's just the next step in gaming, better graphics without a full generation refresh. It's a smart move and benefits gamers much more in the long run.
Exactly this. These are coming to xbox because it's so easy to port from PC to Xbox now.
Not to mention, RotTR would not have been made if not for MS funding it. Due to the way Square had projected the earnings on it, it was considered a failure on a spreadsheet. Even though it made a huge profit and was praised. The sequel was only made because MS offered to basically pay for the development of it. Gamers are lucky it wasn't a complete exclusive.
Seriously. They stood on a million dollar E3 stage and asked their fans to fund the game. And the fanboys ate it up! Two years later, not a word about it.
Xbox
You do realize that most of those games on PC will be only on the Windows store? Windows 10 and Xbox are now one and the same. If you play them on PC, you are essentially playing on a custom built Xbox.

Microsoft doesn't give a shit if you buy an Xbox, as long as you play their games. They found a way to make every PC gamer a potential Xbox gamer. PC gamers who wouldn't think twice about buying a console are now playing Xbox games. They increased their market share of who they can sell to by a wide margin. And idiots who don't recognize this are buying their games and laughing at Microsoft as if they are sticking it to them. Meanwhile Microsoft is just cashing checks from these idiots.

"Lol, I can play Gears 4 on PC, Xbox is dead!" Meanwhile Microsoft just sold them a game they would have never bought before, and invested that money into building the most powerful console ever.
I hope they keep this format for a while. Aisha always annoyed me between some really great game reveals.
I think both Sony and Microsoft are learning from previous missteps. 

Sony spend three consecutive E3s hyping up No Man's Sky, two E3s showing off The Order. The games were critical failures, but after all the hype it was made even worse because of the attention brought to them. 

Microsoft announced Scalebound and showed it off for two different E3s I believe, and then had to cancel it.

I think they are both learning that announcing games years in advance is bad for gamers and bad for development. After Bethesda dropped the Fallout 4 announcement and released it within a few months, I think everyone is trying to recapture that kind of excitement. Meaning holding off on any announcements until they are much closer to launch.

Notice that Microsoft showed mostly only games coming out within the next 12 months. There were a *few* exceptions, but overall it was very focused on 2017 and early 2018. 

Sony did their best to do the same. Even leaving out Death Stranding and Last of Us 2 since we all know those won't be out until 2019 at the earliest. 

This is the lull that comes with switching marketing tactics. We want new exciting franchises and surprise announcements, but we also want to play the games as soon as possible. It takes years to develop games, and if Sony and MS are now choosing to try to be more focused on what they show off, it means we are going to have a year or two of somewhat unsurprising conferences.
Or just pay for their streaming service. They literally offer backward compatibility in a worse service and charge a monthly fee for it, and shit on the concept of it at the same time.
State of Decay 2 and PUBG were not announced. And we also got Ori 2 in addition to Forza 7.
Been playing the alpha for a few weeks and it's amazing. A lot of what was shown at E3 was a surprise, even to those in the alpha. Riddle maps, sunken ships, dynamic weather and firing yourself out of a canon are all new features and look incredible. Can't wait to play this week and try it all out. Sign up for the alpha if you haven't already. They add new people every few weeks I believe.
If you don't like the game, then it's clearly not an issue for you. I don't have a problem with you guys keeping your $400 fishing simulator goggles.
I feel like playing Days Gone, Last of Us 2, Uncharted Lost Legacy, Horizon DLC and God of War is going to really drain me on 3rd person realistic action adventure story games. All of those except Horizon seem very linear as well.
I'm thrilled to play Crackdown 3 and Sea of Thieves. Much more than any BC game, but I like knowing the option is there when I want to revisit some older games. 
Gamers also apparently don't want EA Access. Good strategy Sony. Pay for Star Wars Battlefront 2 marketing rights, but due to EA Access on Xbox only, Xbox gamers can play the game a week before PS4 gamers. 
Windows 10 is Xbox at this point. If you do PS4 and PC and decide to skip getting an Xbox console but still pick up Crackdown and Forza for PC, Microsoft still gets your money. This is what they want. To allow all of the PC gamers to instantly be an Xbox gamer without the investment if a console. People still to this day don't even really understand it but it's genius. 
Hahah. Shit on backward compatibility because "gamers want new experiences" then release a remaster to a 15 year old game. 
Crackdown destruction is still there. It's just only in multiplayer. Footage from the show was campaign. Watch some footage from the Xbox Daily for better gameplay. Not sure why, but what was shown at the show was not that impressive. The Xbox Daily footage and hands on look like classic Crackdown. And they already confirmed all that destruction is still there in multiplayer. 
But girl wood! /s
I love how Sony has been talking shit about backward compatibility and how gamers want new experiences not to play old games. And then announces a remake as one of the only surprise games of their conference.
The theatrics were so stupid. Fire and fog and snow and dangling actors? Elaborate set pieces like that serve no purpose except spectacle and I'd prefer the focus to be on the games, not the theater. 

Call me old school but I like having a slightly nervous and passionate developer come out and talk about his work for a few minutes. At the very least having some narration over certain gameplay footage helps give viewers more information about the game. Like is Spiderman open world? Or a linear "Uncharted" style story game? I don't need crazy lights and pyrotecnics for a presentation on video games. Just show me the games and tell me the relevant information.
Every exclusive has been Uncharted-ified. Linear set pieces that you move through that are gorgeous and well done but lack interesting gameplay dynamics. Once you notice the patterns the seams start to really show. 
Crackdown, Sea of Thieves, State of Decay 2, Cuphead and PUBG. I'd say MS have a lot coming to Xbox in the next several months.
Plus Crackdown this year. That's all I need. 
The game seems to be changing its focus each time they show it. 3 years now with a new CGI trailer each time. Each trailer makes it seem like a completely different narrative and focus. 
It looks bad and out dated. I have no interest in it. Not into anime games. Don't care what anyone else rates it. It looks horrible. 
Seriously. A 60 minute show with 20 minutes of VR garbage from the leader of consoles at the moment? This was incredibly short and full of games already shown before. 
You mean take 3 seconds to explain what a game is.
Seriously. Uncharted has shaped the eay EVERY Sony game has to be now. Not a bad thing. But very repeatative. 
For real. This is such a biased and uninformative article. This is just an attempt to stir up the rabid sony fanboys and draw in page views. Shit like this is ruining the gaming industry. 
I think it will. I remember them talking about things to spend your gold on and upgrades to the ship was something I think was mentioned. 
I decide what's interesting for me. And nothing Sony has offered all year has interested me. And yes it looks like an old PS3 game at best. And the gameplay looks boring and slow. If you aren't into anime and JRPGs there has been little to nothing to play on PS4 this year. 
You do realize that MS games on PC are on Windows 10, which is essentially an Xbox at this point. If you buy Forza on PC it's the same to MS as buying it on Xbox. 
It's been available for a few years now and still consists of just tech demos and lazy ports. 
What new games will PS4 have for the rest of this year? And all they had this year was Horizon, Nior, Neir and Persona 5. Only one of those is actually that interesting. And Persona 5 looks like garbage. For most audiences Sony only have Horizon for all this year. 
Agreed. Persona 5 looks like something from PS2 era. I can't believe people have been using that as an exclusive to hold over the head of Xbox owners. Nioh and Nier look generic and uninspired. Horizon looks great but not really interesting to me. Beyond that I'm not sure they have any other exclusives this year. When you list it out and look at the games it's really not that impressive at all. 

I'd much rather play these multiplatform games in true 4k and running at 60fps than those exclusives from Sony. 
Check out the land crafting in Ylands. It is exactly the same as Astroneer. 
I wouldn't classify Persona 5 as an "amazing" AAA game. Even Neir and Nioh didn't look too impressive. 
What games did they have this year? 
That's the question huh? Do they have anything for this year anymore? I'd be surprised if Spiderman is ready for this year. 
That will be March 2018 at the earliest. Every main title of GoW has shipped in March. 
They have 7 play sessions running this week. Two a day on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday and one one Saturday. Check their site for the times. They will all have the new features. 
Really good points. For every Horizon or Uncharted on PS4 you get a few No Man Sky's or The Order's. Exclusives and AAA don't always mean good games or console sellers. 
Seriously. 90% of what I play is multiplatform. Xbox Live blows PS out of the water on features and updates. And now wth a new console that will play those multiplatform games even better, I know I'm sticking with Xbox. 
Remember when PS4 fanboys were bashing Xbox for not having any indies? It used to be a big thing. Xbox One had lots of exclusives but not many indies and that was the bug narrative at the time. Just remember most of the annoying kids switched to PS4 this time around and now are being immature and have to constantly justify their purchase in their minds. 
Hate to break it to you but gaming on a PC is still Xbox gaming at this point. Any of the Xbox/PC exclusives they showed will be part of the Windows 10 store and that goes directly to them. No one cares if you game on PC if you are buying games from Windows. You are on an Xbox essentially.  
Seriously. What does Sony have for the rest of this year? Honest question. What do they have?
Pretty much everything they showed off is coming within 12 months. After having to public cancel Scalebound I'm sure MS is holding their new IPs close until they know they are ready to be announced and released. 

This conference seemed like one of the most focused conferences I've seen in a long time. New IPs and exclusives are coming but we won't hear about them until they are a year out or less. 

I remember hearing that Phil loved the way Bethesda announced Fallout 4 and I think that is going to be their style from now on. No more 2-3 year lead ups or longer. Just show what you will be playing this holiday and early next year. With a fee third party games that could be a bit later. Bit nothing from MS is coming out after next year's E3 so why show it if you can feature it next year. 

Seems to be a good contrast to Sony showing things 3-4 years in advance sometimes. I think there is a thrill to each style of presentation but I definitely prefer to see what I'll be playing NOW rather than later. 
Who said anything a out having to buy a $500 console before he brought it up? We were talking about exclusives. Not consoles. And you can get an Xbox for $250 or just play them on your PC if you have one without buying a console. 

He (and you) literally are just chaning topics in the middle of a discussion and acting like you won. Whatever. You have to resort to name calling so clearly you are just getting desperate. 
I did agree with you. I spent all day talking to my GF about how they need to be aggressive with the price. But I get it. This hing truly is a beast and by next E3 I can see them dropping the price to $399. But seeing how small it is and all the power inside it is insane. To get that power in a gaming PC you'd need a much bigger enclosure and it would cost a lot more. For eat you get, it's a very good price. I think I just got my hopes up that we'd see an aggressive Microsoft. Thing is, and not many people realise this, Microsoft is playing such a smart game by putting their exclusives on PC. Anyone with a gaming PC is now a potential customer. There is no longer and entry fee of a console to play MS games. PC gamers who would never buy a console are now buying Xbox games for PC. That means more money for MS from a previously unattainable audience. 
But upgrading a PC can cost upwards of $200-400 for high end parts. The next upgraded Xbox won't come out till another 4 years at least. $500 every 4 years to be at the forefront of console gaming and outperforming most mid range gaming PCs is a good price. 

Plus all the other benefits of consoles. No hassling with drivers, settings, or OS problems. Just plug in the box and play. The great thing is though, if the 1X doesn't appeal to you, you have the option to build your own PC and play the same Xbox games on it. Play the way you want. If you'd rather build a PC and upgrade it because you think it would be more affordable long term you now have that option. Sony gamers will have to keep buying new consoles for their games whole you can run all your Xbox games on your PC. And Microsoft still gets the money from those games so it's a win for gamers and a win for Microsoft. 
But no one is making him buy a $500 console. He can play the games on a PC or buy a $200 console to play them. You are just changing the goal posts to win an argument.
Exactly. Microsoft is literally reaching a market that original would never consider buying a console. PC gamers wouldn't invest in a console for a few exclusives so Microsoft puts their exclusives on Windows PC and sells to a brand new huge market of gamers. How is this a bad thing? It's so funny to see people act like they are getting one over on Microsoft. Pretty much all PC gamers are now in the Xbox family. Increases the Xbox market share significantly and doesn't require a console purchase to get into. And no one seems to realize it. 
Crackdown 3, Sea of Thieves, State of Decay 2, Forza 7, Cuohead. These are all exclusives coming out within the next year or less. Three of which are this year. 

Please tell me what AAA exclusives Sony is releasing for the rest of this year. 
So go with a PC. Who cares? Microsoft put Xbox on Windows 10. They are literally giving you the power to build your own console in the form of a PC. Make it as high end as you want and still enjoy these games. Just because you can play them on PC doesn't take away from console gaming. It just gives us more options on how we play. 

Crackdown isn't going to PS4. If you buy it on PC it's the exact same as buying it on Xbox. It all goes to Microsoft. The only difference is you didn't buy a console. But why would you when you have a gaming PC? Microsoft just found a way to turn every gaming PC into market share for Xbox. 

A lot of PC gamers aren't interested in consoles but MS found a way to put their games on PC and console and now can sell the same games to more people and make more money. 

So stick with a PC. That's completely fine. It's all the same to MS and you are part of the Xbox family. Even if you don't realise it yet. 
Yeah people need to realise that Windows 10 is Xbox now. If someone says they will go with PS4 and PC it's all the same to Microsoft I'd they are still buying Gears, Crackdown, Sea of Thieves, etc on PC. Those are literally only being sold on Windows 10 in the Windows store. It's Xbox. It's all unified now. 

Microsoft is just offerig multiple ways to play. Got a high end gaming rig? Enjoy these games on it. Don't have one? Here's a new powerful console. Need something cheap to play these games? Grab a Slim at a low price. 

I honestly don't understand why people see it as such a bad thing. People who think they will just go PS4 and PC seem to not realize they are essentially going PS4 and Xbox. 
So they do a show without any mention of Halo or Gears and what do I see when I get online? "So disappointed there was no Halo!"

There is literally no pleasing anyone. If they mentioned Halo it is recycling IPs. If they don't mention it, it's disappointing. Damned if you do, damned if you don't. 
God of War won't be out this year. 
I think they are holding their own exclusives close to their chest. They don't want another Scalebound situation where they announce a game and have to cancel it due to whatever reason. 

They have enough to push through fall, holiday and spring. And can save bigger announcements for next E3 and not risk the hype dying out. They could also be funding a few different games and only proceed with the most promising so they are waiting to see which will end up being developed the best before announcing games years in advance. 
True. So far. But they could still announce and release games without E3. There is also Gamescom in August. 
Look at the list. Everything except a few exceptions are coming out before next year's E3. Why spend time talking about games that we won't play before next year's show when they have so much to highlight for this year and early next year. 

I don't need to know what they have coming in 2-3 years. I want to know what I'll be playing within the next 4-12 months. Everythig else is just meaningless hype. 
Fall 2018. That is the longest wait for any game shown at the MS conference. Pretty much everything else was 2017 or spring 2018. 

And if you think you'll be playing Death Stranding or Detroit within a year you are also going to be disappointed. Probably even Spiderman will be kateo 2018. What else does PS4 have this year? GoW will be 2018 (probably March), TLoU2 will be fall 2018 at best. Days Gone will be 2018. Death Stranding 2019 or later. Any other games coming this year from Sony?
Who said they were on steam? Crackdown, Sea of Thieves, State of Decay 2, Ori2, Gears 4, Cuphead. These are all on the Windows store only. It is direct payment to Microsoft. It's the exact same as buying on Xbox to them. Xbox One is just a product to them. They surely make much more money from game sales than console sales. So yes. Feel free to pick those games up on a PC. It's literally the exact same to them. 

If you have a gaming rig they want you to still be able to play their games. If you don't have a gaming rig you can buy their consoles and get the same games. I literally don't understand the down side to this that you are trying so hard to make it seem like. More freedom of where and how you play games. How is that bad?
Who said anything about buying a $500 system? You can play all of those on the Xbox one. Way to change the entire point of the discussion. 
Go ahead. Firstly I think you'd be hard pressed to build a 4k gaming rig for under $500 and secondly. Even if you do, to play those games you will need Windows 10. Which is officially part of the Xbox family now. Buying it on Windows is essentially the same as buying it on Xbox. There is literally no difference anymore. Microsoft WANTS you to have the freedom to build your own family rig if you want and still play their games. That kind of freedom sound be applauded in the gaming industry. Not seen as a negative.
PC is part of the Xbox family. This is what people don't get. Those PC games are for Windows 10 which means it's MS. Microsoft is bridging the console and PC ecosystem. PS4 and PC is fine with Microsoft. They still sell their games to you on Windows 10. If you don't have a PC but want more power they have the 1X. I honestly don't care if there are exclusives. Most games I play are multiplatform anyways. AC Origins, Battlefront 2, Anthem, RDR2, Metro Exodus, PUBG, they will all play better and look better on the 1X. Thats enough for me right now. Plus Crackeown 3, Sea of Thieves, and State of Decay 2 are great exclusives for just Xbox (and Windows 10 which is Xbox family). So what is the problem exactly?
"Launch exclusive" seems pretty straight forward to me. Not sure how else that can be interpreted 
Didn't seem confusing to me. At least they lead each game with some of kind of info. Sony tends to just let trailers fly without any kind of detail about what is what. I don't think it was purposefully misleading. 
State of Decay 2, Crackdown 3, Sea of Thieves, Ori 2? Are you joking??
If it's Xbox/PC exclusives then it's a Windows 10 exclusive which is part of the Xbox family. And what else would you call timed exclusives? A lot of timed exclusives are due to the early access program on Xbox. They shouldn't be a negative. 
Sign up on the Sea of Thieves website. They randomly add a new batch of players every week or so. I've been playing for a few weeks now and seen quite a few additoms as I've played. Firing players out of a cannon is new as is the riddle treasure maps. Previously it was just X marks the spot maps. I'm also pretty sure the cave drawing of the Kraken (during the E3 footage) was an easter egg. I have a hunch that didn't sea monsters will be making their way into the game. 
Oh I agree. There is a ton to look forward to. I'm just hearing a lot of complaining and I think this chart shows why there was a lack of AAA exclusives. They have enough coming out this year and early next year that are exclusive to Xbox and PC. No need to spend time showing off things that are over a year away. There is so much to look forward to within the next 12 months already. People just like to complain I suppose. 
Or you can play every game better at smoother speeds with faster loading and higher resolution textures. If you are interested in RDR2, Battlefront 2, Anthem, etc it's the best place to play. Multiplatform games are a much bigger part of gaming that first party exclusives. Id pick the console that can play them the best. 
After seeing Fallout 4 in VR I'm very underwhelmed in the VR craze. Show me new ways to play games. VR games right now are mostly tech demos. I'm much happier with a "wait and see where it goes" approach. 
This really helps solidify that MS is holding their cards close to their chest for new upcoming games. Everything except Anthem comes out before next year's E3. And alot of it is coming this year. They really seem to be pushing what's available now and waiting on late 2018. After showing Scalebound and having to cancel it, I'm sure they are being more cautious about announcing games so early. 

Meanwhile Sony continues to show games that are 3-4 years away. I can't imagine Death Stranding coming out before 2019 at the earliest. 

I really like the way MS is doing it. I'm tired of getting CGI trailers of games and glimpses for years before any gameplay is shown or its released. I like knowing that what I saw is what I'll be playing this holiday and next spring. It feels more focused. 
How anyone can complain about this is beyond me. Sony has done a good job brainwashing people to think locking people into one console is good for the industry. Microsoft continues to hit it out of the park with pro-consumer features that give players so much more freedom. But Sony presents a Kickstarter for a game asking their fans to fund a game and get praised. Sony shows off games you won't play for 3-4 years and they win according to the fanboys. I'm so sick of these attitudes. 
This is still just an alpha. I've been playing it and it is actually a lot of fun. Especially when having multiple ships fighting. The treasure hunting aspects are fun and with the right crew you can have a great time. There is still plenty of content to be added, it's being changed every week with new features. 
Even so they will look best and run best on the 1X. No brainer to get those multiplats for the 1X. 
They have the largest player base if you include Windows 10 in the Xbox family; which it is. 
If you have a PC you are in the Xbox family. Windows 10 is Xbox. The console/PC exclusives can be played on either. Microsoft doesn't need minimal profits on console sales from people with PC. If you have a gaming rig they want you to be able to use it. Why is that bad? You are still buying their games. 
If you have a gaming PC you essentially have an Xbox at this point. It's just not called an Xbox, it's Windows 10. Xbox One S, Xbox One X and Windows 10 are Xbox. I think that is amazing and the right direction for the industry. PC and PS4 combo may be perfect for some people. Microsoft is probably fine with that because you are on their ecosystem with PC. 
Agreed. Battlefront 2 on the 1X is going to look insane. Every multiplatform is going to run in better resolution, faster and smoother. The experience of having games like Anthem played on 1X with better graphics and performance is what I want most. 

Most exclusives aren't even that good compared to third parties. Sony is pretty hot or miss. Naughty Dog is their saving grace. For every home run they have with exclusives they have quite a few strike ours as well. 
They aren't giving up Xbox. They are just giving more people more ways to play. For fucks sake they just released an Xbox that competes with most mid range gaming PCs. What do you want from them?

They have two gaming platforms, Windows and Xbox. They want to unify them and that is a good thing for gaming. More people playing games on more systems. I highly doubt most console gamer have PCs that could run the multiplatform games as well as the Xbox One X but if they do they can play without buying an Xbox. That's fine with me. MS still get the money from the games they sell on Windows and they put that into new games that we can play on Xbox and Windows. 
Cuphead is coming in September. And yes they said they admired Bethesda's style of reveal and want to mimic that. Especially since Sony does a good job of showing games you won't play for 3-5 years. I can definitely see them not wanting to reveal early anymore after having to go back on Scalebound. If the game doesn't pan out they don't want to disappoint fans again. Better to wait till it's ready. Seems like everything at their conference was going to be released this year or next. That's what I want to see most. 
They are NOW adopting that style. Existing games they already announced are still talked about but new ones are held off until it's close to release. 
GoW and Spiderman are the only exclusive AAA games you'll be playing in the next year on PS4. Stranding, TLoU2, and Detroit have no chance of being out in 2018. I'm sure Sony will show a few more games that won't come out for 3 years. 

Microsoft is now adopting the Bethesda approach, no footage of games until it's within a year of release. It just means we gotta wait until it's about to come out. 
My PS4 is used for just playing PS exclusives. Xbox is my go to for everything else so it works great for me. I like Xbox Live so much better than PS, and all the media features are souch better on Xbox. Personally I love seeing multiplatform games from any conference. 
I think they gave exactly what they said. A large and diverse library or games. A lot of art styles, gameplay and experiences. The games looked awesome and it was refreshing to get different games than Halo and Gears. 

I was hoping for more Crackdown 3 destruction, and new AAAs but I'm pretty excited for what they did show. Not perfect but I like what they presented and how they presented it. Very happy with the show and the Xbox One X. 
They already sell games and subscriptions to existing Xbox games. Selling an updated console to only your existing player base won't see an increase in game sales. Sales would be the exact same with or without the console. 
But targeting those kind of high end people will do nothing to help Microsoft catch up to Sony. They need to focus on using the gap, not catering to only high end elite gamers. The type of person who will pay $499 for Scorpio will most likely be people who already own an Xbox One. Who already buy Xbox games. 

Microsoft needs NEW gamers to get in the Xbox ecosystem and improve their sales. They won't do that by catering to the smallest group of gamers. This needs to turn heads and bring people from PS4 over to Xbox. For that to happen it needs to be an aggressive price point. 
Because Microsoft would be wasting money to make a console just for hardcore gamers. Microsoft needs market share, not a small portion of a dedicated gaming demographic. They may say this is for elite gamers but this is to put them back in front. Anyone loyal enough to already want this thing most likely already owns an Xbox and is buying Xbox games. Microsoft isn't making this to just make a small profit on console sales. This is to win over people who went to PS4 and and gain more new gamers by having the most powerful console. With a price tag that is too high, the only people who will buy this are people who are already Xbox gamers to begin with. And what would be the point in that? 
I hear you, but people like who own both console scan probably afford a $499 console. People who pick one console and stick with it are going to be spooked by that price tag. It's one of the major reasons so many people jumped ship to PS4 at launch. 

Another $499 price tag is going to be a hard sell to people, even with better hardware. It will make me hesitate and I bought a day one Xbox one. 
I'm sure there will be a Crackdown 3 bundle. But who knows how they'll price it. 
If you follow the tweets back he asked his followers for their opinions. After which he said out of 10k votes 40% went with $499 which leads me to believe that was the winner. He then tweets that he is confident will be $499. 

Maybe he got some new information that makes him "confident". Guess we shall see soon. 
Probably $349 and bundled with a game. Would still be a huge blow to Scorpio if it launches at $499. 

Hopefully Microsoft knows this. They aren't stupid. They know how much ground they lost at launch of Xbox One and it wasn't just the DRM. It was the price. I really can't see them making the same mistake again. 

$399 and this thing would be sold out constantly for months. 
People like to say it's a "premium product" but think of it this way. Microsoft isn't just making a better console for existing Xbox players. I'm sure they want their player base to buy it and enjoy the upgrades but their main focus HAS to be capturing NEW gamers and getting them in the Xbox ecosystem.

Everyone here is already in that ecosystem. They gain nothing from you buying this console other than whatever profit they stand to make from each sale. You already buy Xbox games, you are invested in Xbox.

They need to win back anyone who left for PS4, anyone who is on the fence, and new gamers. They need to close the gap between them and Sony and they won't do that by selling just to existing customers and a small portion of gamers who consider themselves elite gamers. It would not benefit MS at all to just market towards hardcore gamers only and put this console at a premium price point. At $499 a lot of people will hesitate even regular gamers who are expecting that price will. 

$499 was the major problem with the Xbox One launch. It was $100 more expensive than the competition. If they make the same mistake again, it's going to hurt them, despite whatever the power and hardware differences may be between the Pro and Scorpio. They will be compared head to head by EVERYONE. 

If they are planning a $499 price tag, they better have an insane line up of games and show a clear difference as to the value of that extra $100. And even then only people who follow gaming news will be sold. It won't sell average consumers (and as much as you may think that's not who they are gong for, it's definitely who they are going for or need to be going for). 
And unless the games actually looks THAT much better it won't matter. And for a game to actually look better, it will need developers who are willing to go the extra mile for the Scorpio and make them look better. At launch I'm not sure how many games will be out that show a clear difference performance other than first party games like Forza or Crackdown. 

Remember, the games will need to look $150 worth better than PS4 Pro. I really don't see how they could be such a big improvement to warrant that cost to most people. But I suppose we shall see soon.
Agreed. Even if Scorpio is at the best price point ($399) it will still make it hard for gamers to decide. If Scorpio is $499 it will be a no contest and MS will be playing catch up again for the next few years until they can cut the price drastically. 
It has to be for the average consumer. Who else would it be for? Hardcore gamers who already have an Xbox and game on Xbox? What benefit does MS get from selling an existing Xbox gamer a new system if they are already in the Xbox ecosystem?

And hardcore PS4 gamers won't break loyalty for a device that is $100 more expensive and probably $150 more by holiday. 

This HAS to be aimed at getting more players on Xbox. Not JUST upgrading boxes for existing Xbox gamers. This needs to help them close the gap with Sony and catch up. They need average gamers to do that, and they lost that crowd with a $499 price tag 4 years ago. I highly doubt gamers opinions of a $499 console have changed since then. 
They couldn't even correct the actual number. They want users to do the math instead just to further hurt Xbox. Even when they are wrong they are still going out of their way to undermine Xbox. 
That is just a term. Microsoft didn't invest this much money and time into building this thing for a small portion of gamers. It's meant to put Xbox back in the driver's seat. Having the most powerful console on the market and it's meant to capture back those who went to PS4. 

This isn't just for Xbox fanboys who already own an Xbox. No matter how many Phil Spencer interviews you quote for me. They are making this to get gamers back and close the market gap between Sony. A $499 price tag is going to spook all but the most dedicated at launch and the most dedicated probably are already invested in the Xbox ecosystem. They aren't making this for minimal profit from console sales. They want new gamers on Xbox buying Xbox games. People with an Xbox One will already buy Xbox games. 

If it's like you say it is, then they will only be making a small profit on console sales and see no rise in over all customers for Xbox. Which is a ridiculous thing to think. 
It's almost been a year since the Pro launched. They definitely will drop it at least $50 or bundle a game with it at $400. Or bundle a game with it at $350. Or just drop it to $299. Either way it puts Scorpio at a minimum of $150 more expensive at launch if it really is $499. 
To average consumers it is the same. The inside of the box won't matter as much when it comes to a $150 difference. 

The Scorpio will need games to look significantly better and run significantly smoother than the PS4 Pro or all that power will be meaningless. If there isn't a night and day clear difference in appearance between the two at launch (and not just at 4k but 1080 as well) then no one will care how much more it's got under the hood. 

As much as you may disagree the market will put them on the same level. They will be compared. It's the two new upgraded consoles from both companies. They WILL compete head to head and I can't see anything short of insane graphics and exclusives saving the Scorpio if its priced $150 more expensive than the Pro. 
But it's going to be directly competing with the Pro. A $399 machine which will be on the market long enough to warrant a price drop by the holidays. At the very least, Scorpio will be $150 more expensive than the Pro when it launches. That is going to be a BIG factor for gamers deciding where to play for the new few years. Even if it's more powerful it's won't do well with a high price. 

Look at PS3 vs 360. PS3 was more powerful but it was priced too high at launched and suffered for it for the entire generation. Same thing happened with Xbox One this time around. Being a full $100 more expensive than the competition is a bad move even for a "premium product". 

As excited as I am for Scorpio, even I would hesitate at $499. That's a big ask from a Day One Xbox One owner who already spent $499 on a console. 

His initial predictiom was based on a survey from Twitter. He said 10k voted and 40% said $499. This is all based on guesses and majority opinion. 
I could see Sony deciding to announce a $50 price drop on the Pro tomorrow just to start the bleeding. 

I think $499 is fair, but I truly believe MS needs to be competitive and price it lower to get more market share. 
To stop Microsoft from getting an advantage in market share. They could take loss on them for a holiday sale of they wanted just to get more people in the PS4 ecosystem and to keep them away from Xbox. The Pro will definitely be at least $349 by holiday, maybe even bundled with a game. $499 Scorpio going against that will be a very hard sell, especially when not many games will be out that show a big difference between PS4 Pro and Scorpio. 
Yeah PS4 Pro for $349 or even $299 and the Scorpio at $499 is going to be a big problem. I get that Scorpio is more powerful but most people won't care about teraflops, they will see that they can get a PS4 Pro and 2 games cheaper than getting just a Scorpio. This will be launch problems all over again. 
Hate to break it to you but the sequel trilogy is canon and part of the official Star Wars universe now. The campaign is also canon and will be part of the official history of Star Wars and the characters. 

Sounds like you simply reject the new movies and that is your problem with the campaign. No judgement if you don't like it, but it seems like a small issue to complain about with the amount of amazing content they are showing off for this game. 
Order 66 mode should just be co-op Jedis survival against hordes of clones. 
It's still telling people to buy an older device if they can't deal with the price/features of the newer one. It's not exactly a good way to win over support by telling people that this console isn't meant for them. 
I dunno playing multiplatform games with better graphics and faster load times in a better resolution and steadier frame rate would be a pretty big reason to switch. 
Isn't this the exact line of thinking that Don Mattrick got a ton of hate for?
I really don't want Battlefield style gameplay.
I'm hoping for a new (real) Fable game. Maybe MMO style or something like that. 
No matter how good it looks on PS, it will look much better on Scorpio.
I really love how live it is. On Twitch it would sometimes take 20-30 seconds for the streamer to notice your chats. But with Mixer they are responding so quickly it's scary. I typed in something last night and the streamer responded less than one second after I hit enter. Crazy fast connection. Really impressive.
When it would air on Spike in previous years, it was always with no commercial breaks. I would think the same would be true for this. My assumption is that Microsoft pays for the airtime on Spike (and in this case Fuse), as those networks don't cover any other E3 conferences. It's essentially one long infomercial, and probably benefits Microsoft to get it on cable so more people can tune in.
It's being aired on cable (Fuse channel) and it's slated for 2 hours. Not sure if they will use all that time, but it gives me hope that it will be fully used.
> An EA Access like product from another publisher (or possibly a group of publishers) announced as a Microsoft exclusive.

I think that would start to muddy the waters a bit. I'd prefer to see them work with publishers to get more games included in Game Pass than add a 3rd subscription service to the mix. I hope EA Access actually gets rolled up into a higher tier of Game Pass, so if you could get a discount for subscribing to both. Though that might end up being a little confusing.

Agreed. At least Bethesda and DICE have said they will. Battlefront 2 is supposedly running insanely well on it and Elder Scrolls Online is going to be optimized for it. Which leads me to believe the sequels to Skyrim or Fallout will also take advantage. Other developers are going to have to offer similar quality if they want to be competitive. 
And now that Sony won't have the power the fanboys change the narrative. Used to be graphics of multiplatform games. Now it's exclusives (which have been hit or miss on PS4). 
Different strokes for different folks I suppose. 
But with Play Anywhere you can still play those exclusives on your PC. I don't think it matters to Microsoft if you buy it for PC or Xbox. As long as your are buying their games. They probably won't be making huge amounts of money on the sales of consoles, the real money is in game sales. If you are happy with your PC and PS4 and use the PC to get Gears or Forza, it's still a win for Microsoft.
Not actually true. If one console can load games faster, run games smoother, and output higher resolution graphics, it will be a big sell. There is a handful of good exclusives over the course of a few years, but tons of incredible multi-platform experiences, and having the best experience for those games is a big deal.
We will find out on Sunday I presume.
At least we will have actual information and specs and gameplay to look at while we wait.
We haven't even seen it yet. But we do have an independent third party tech website with a breakdown of the stats and performance. We know it's going to be very powerful.
Multiplatform games. What exclusives were really that great?
So you'd rather wait 3-4 years for a game that could end up being garbage (No Mans Sky, The Order, etc) than enjoy other games right now?
Did we have the same line up?
I suspect a lot of the map will be in the palace hallways and courtyards. Plus the hanger and that crazy room where maul and obi wan/qui gon fought. I hope there is some outside combat but there doesn't seem to be much cover or anything outside so it would be a hard place for a battle. 
In the bowling alley scene there was definitely blood from a wound on the top of his head.
Then who is left to be fucking with Emmit? Pretty sure it was a purgatory and they were given a second chance. Yuri was not. Remember he said Wrench still had some good left in him. 
That looked like the same scene on the prison bus. There were a few flash backs in the promo. Including the axe hitting the chain again. Pretty sure that was Yuri's exit.
I've gotten a lot of downvotes from people insisting on the fact that it's such a premium product that of course it's going to cost a lot and it's ONLY for hardcore gaming enthusiasts. As if MS would spend all the time, money and hype for a device only meant for a small fraction of gamers who are already fanboys and most likely already have an Xbox One.

I strongly believe this is the console to try to win back the gaming community. Yes, in terms of specs it's going to be better than the PS4 Pro, but if it costs $100 more, those specs aren't going to matter. Gamers want the more powerful console, but they also have trouble going to the $499 price point, even on premium devices. A $499 price point puts them $100 over PS4 Pro, and by the holidays when it releases the PS4 Pro could see a $50-$100 price drop. Leaving the Scorpio at $150-$200 more expensive in the first months of it's launch.

If MS can deliver this console at $399, it's going to be a massive surprise, to be sure, but I think it's their only way to really turn the heads of the people who jumped to PS4 already. A $499 price point is going to be a big pass from those gamers. $399 will make it really hard to justify the purchase of a PS4 Pro (even with a price drop), and could be a pretty big blow to Sony.
Xbox 360, Xbox One, Xbox 10... I mean, I get it... but it seems really confusing from a consumer standpoint.
> Last November, when Sony launched the new PlayStation 4 Pro, a souped-up version of its market-leading video games console, it was practically unprecedented.

Didn't Microsoft announce Project Scorpio and the idea of a same-generation updated console at E3 2016? It was completely precedented. Microsoft told us the plan exactly in June 2016.

I honestly don't understand what Sony is doing. The PS4 Pro and Scorpio are essentially the same kind of device, but Sony is acting like Microsoft is doing it all wrong.

Sony also offers backward compatibility with PSNOW, and shits on Microsoft for having it. The only difference is Sony charges it's users for a laggy streaming version of it, and Microsoft does it for free natively. Sony offers the same product, in a worse way and charges a monthly fee for it, but again says Microsoft is doing it wrong.

Microsoft is also offering EA Access, something Sony didn't allow on their systems. Microsoft offers Play Anywhere to give gamers the ability to play on whatever device is available to them. Microsoft is offering big mod support in games like Fallout 4, where Sony limited so much of what was possible it made the whole thing useless. Microsoft pushed for cross-play of Xbox One and PS4 multiplayer, but Sony rejected it. How many anti-consumer things does Sony need to do? How many hypocritical comments do they need to make before people get sick and tired of this shit?

I have both a PS4 and Xbox One, I like them both, but I'm so sick of Sony's attitude toward gaming. It comes off as greedy, hurts the industry, and costs gamers more money for less service. These comments are such typical corporate spin. I promise you if Sony offered some amazing service like Game Pass, Phil Spenser would be congratulating them. Instead, Sony is shitting all over MS for giving gamers options for what they play and how they play. God forbid Microsoft do good things for gamers for free.
Sony is more than willing to offer backward compatibility. They just expect users to pay a monthly fee for it, and not put in the effort to do it natively.

PS4 literally has backward compatibility. They just do it worse than Xbox and charge for it. Why is Sony getting away as the "smart" one in all of these articles? Microsoft is providing gamers with more options in a better and free way. Sony does it worse and charges but they are the better company?

The level of mental gymnastics people do to validate their opinions is insane.
I don't understand why you are arguing for a higher price that you'll have to pay. Sounds like you just want to justify your purchase to yourself and it makes you sound really biased. 


You also sound very confident about the targets of a product that hasn't even been propwrly announced yet. At the moment it's just a guess and a pretty egotistical guess at that. 

I'm not trying to offend anyone, just saying from a marketing standpoint, releasing the Scorpio at a price point that will cause average gamers to walk away is a bad move. Maybe you want to feel special like you are some important demographic and MS are making this just for you, but if the only people who buy this thing are Xbox fanboys who most likely already have an Xbox One it's not going to be successful. It needs to draw in a bigger market share for MS. It needs to attract people away from PS4 so they can catch up. The way you describe it, it sounds like this would only be for a very small percentage of gamers. I promise you, MS doesn't want to sell just a few of these to some people who spend a lot on games. They already have that demographic locked in. Why they would spend so much time, effort and money to capture a demographic who is obviously loyal is beyond me. Maybe you could explain?

The point is, this is MS doing a console reboot. It's a fixed Xbox One with more power than anything else before it. It's a direct retaliation to "resolution-gate" and frames per second debates. It's the first I can think that MS will hold the title of best performance on a console since the original Xbox. If their plan isn't to get this thing in the homes of as many people as possible then they are in a lot of trouble. 

Also, I wouldn't be surprised to see a $499 price tag, but that is going to be incredibly hard to sell to the loyal PS4 fanboys. A $399 price tag is going to turn a lot of heads and bring in a lot of business. Just remember, at $499 you are looking at a $150-$200 price difference by the holidays. Because you know Sony will put the Pro on sale when the Scorpio comes out. I could definitely see a $299 PS4 Pro for the holidays. Whole Scorpio can't go on sale 2 months after launch. MD isn't stupid, this needs to be competitive. 
I'm just saying average consumers wont give a shit about teraflops. 

"They both play 4k games, but this one is $100 cheaper? I'll get that"

Having the best hardware doesn't mean much when it's priced outside of what the average consumer is willing to pay for a console. Xbox One launched at $499. If Scorpio is $499 it will suffer from the same problems at launch that the Xbox One did, and personally I don't want that to happen to it.


Definitely feels like MS is getting ready for an updated Elite Controller or something similar. Never seen so many deals on Elite before. I'm somewhat tempted, but worried that I should wait to see if something new is announced on Sunday.
The PS4 Pro is a premium product as well, and it's priced at $399. Xbox has been constantly lagging behind PS4 this whole generation and if they are $100 more expensive than PS4's "Premium Product" it's going to be yet another problem for them. Just like the initial launch of Xbox One. The pricing is a big deal and I don't think a $499 price tag is going to work for them, especially given that Sony could easily knock the Pro down to $349 or $299 for the holidays and capture most of the market for 4k gaming.

I want the Scorpio to be competitive, and with a $499 price tag, it's going to be a hard sell to anyone other than those who are already planning to buy it. Do you think anyone who has a PS4 is going to drop $499 to switch to Scorpio when they could just pay $399 and get the PS4 Pro and keep their game library? 
Gotta agree. The price of the Xbox One was a big problem for them, and they had to announce before Sony. This time they have had almost a year (9 months) with knowledge of the price of the PS4 Pro.

From the position MS is in, there is no way they can ask for $499 again. I could see them trying to do $449, but I think they really need to be aggressive here and put it at $399. The extra power it has over PS4 Pro and priced the same will really give it an edge. They need to get these consoles out there and asking more than the PS4 Pro is not going to work. 

Sony has the ability to probably price cut the Pro by $50-$99 by the time Scorpio launches, so if they launch at anything higher than $399, it's going to be incredibly hard to convince gamers to pick it, even with much more power and better hardware.
Oh nice, thank you!
Cool thanks!!
Is there any way for this to work with two people? Or if I let my pets sleep in the bed with me?
What is the cheapest android available that has this function?
Agreed. Any designer should not be working on something for "exposure". It's bullshit. You are providing a product to them, they need to pay for it. This "work for experience" garbage just hurts the industry as a whole. I promise you, anyone who is unwilling to pay you now, will never be willing to pay you a respectable amount later. Instead of working on their stuff for free for your portfolio, work on your own stuff for your portfolio and wait for a paying gig.
Just remember that fans were bragging about Shenmue 3 Kickstarter that Sony announced on stage at E3. Basically telling fans to pay for the game in advance instead of Sony just funding it. And now we've heard that there will be NO news about Shenmue 3 this year at E3. Meaning it's been 2 years since they made that kickstart announcement on stage with NO information about it since.

To me, that is a horrible practice. Tease games that you aren't even properly funding and then give fans NOTHING for years? I have no interest in Shenmue, but it's a pretty bad example to set for gaming. "If you want this game, you have to fund it yourself in advance" Don't gamers all agree that pre-orders are hurting the industry? But when Sony wants a pre-order before a game is even made, it's the greatest thing ever?
And now with the Game Pass, Xbox can offer a wider variety of games and get more people into BC games. I think they are all working together pretty well.
But having the option is important, and allowing you to play the game you already own (and not re-buy them, or pay for a service) is extremely important.
They crucify it because they don't want it. This news did not require a special Direct a few days before E3. This wasn't newsworthy. Add the trailers to YouTube, link to it from social media, done. No one would complain, they'd either like it, or just move on.

The way they position themselves with this is that this is BIG news, and frankly, it's not. Fans want a real Pokemon game on Switch. Hell, even an old Pokemon game ported to Switch would be good. Not another fighting game, and a poorly received fighting game at that.

If they even just said, "We are working to bring a new Pokemon adventure to the Switch next year and look forward to showing you more of that later this year" people would be happy. But they acted like these ports are some massive big announcement and it's not.

People are always going to be let down when you make something into a big deal that isn't. I'm not even a big Pokemon fan and I know that a real Pokemon game on the Switch would print money. How they don't realize that is beyond me. This announcement was essentially showing how little effort they have put into Pokemon in the past year. A port, and a some rehashes for the same device a year later. Is that all they have done? And they expect people to be excited and grateful for it? It's bullshit.
Sony has been very anti-consumer but hides behind first party exclusives. Not allowing EA Access, stopping cross-play from happening (Xbox said they were all for it), pay for backwards compatibility, etc.

It's a shame that they can throw a few shiny games out there and people ignore all the garbage business practices they are using.
You realize that developers work on games before consoles are released, right? It's not like they weren't aware of the Switch for over a year before it came out. This is Nintendo's main problem. A new Pokemon game for Switch should have been in the works the moment the Switch started to be developed. 
They are trying to make it up with minimal efforts. I'm not going to reward that with any of my business. If they want to make up their losses they should listen to what the fans want. Did they honestly think that fans would be happy to get a Wii U port of a failed game on the Switch? Did they honestly think that warranted a special direct announcement? That just shows how out of touch with the fanbase they are. They are putting out ports and the same games but slightly updated and expect fans to be excited? If they just released the trailer for this on YouTube, people would watch it, have an opinion and move on. But announcing a big Direct, a few days before E3, and then acting like this is something special and exciting is completely out of touch. Why should fans bail them out if they continue to make the same stupid mistakes that gave them "a horrid last 4 years"?
Lots of people play solo. You automatically get sorted into a group of four when you log in. If you play with a mic, use it. Communication is key and your group is like a family. Try to find a group that is talking. Everyone I've been grouped up with has been very nice. 

Doing anything on your own would be incredibly hard, but with your group working together it is great. It's a lot of fun and very rewarding when you fund treasure or even just navigating some islands. 

Once you get into combat and start sinking other ships you'll be hooked. It's a thrill. 
Fuse is only airing the MS conference. No other conferences. 
Hahah true. But Scorpio doesn't really reflect that it's in the same family as Xbox One. It's gotta be clear that it's an upgrade and not a brand new console generation. This will be key to marketing to people who don't follow the industry as closely as people like us. Like "PS4 Pro". 

And trademarking doesn't mean they are going to use it. I highly doubt they waited until 6 days before their presentation to trademark the logo that will be plastered over every thing they present at the biggest event of the year for them. 
But it doesn't change the fact that they never claimed this was the name. It's anyways been referred to as "Project Scorpio". Project name is a development name.
Xbox One+
No mention of Battlefront 2? This is going to be a big deal on the Scorpio, and I would highly doubt they won't have some kind of presence on the Xbox stage. There has been a lot of talk about the quality and performance on the Scorpio, so it's gotta have some time. 
It's never been called Xbox Scorpio. It's always been "Project Scorpio". That implies it's a code name (a development nickname). 

Don't be disappointed when it's not Scorpio anymore. Same thing happened with Nintendo NX, Dolphin, Revolution, etc. Code names for development, different retail names. 
Microsoft has really been pushing a lot of 'pro-consumer' changes which I think are a great thing for the industry. I don't want Microsoft wasting money on timed-exclusives, or marketing rights to games. Put that money into the games, and open up who can play them.

I want MS to continue improving the gaming industry, not just trying to lock people into getting an Xbox. Whatever you game on, you should get to play as much as you can. 
I never said they were invalid, I'm saying I doubt they use iPads as their exclusive method of work. And I would question how much they actually use. Like I said, word processing is a great use of an iPad. I'm sure they can do a lot of work in excel or other spreadsheets or documents using an iPad. I'm also sure they could handle their emails with iPad. But I doubt the bulk of their business is done exclusively on iPads. And anyone in the company that is doing work that isn't just typing, probably isn't using one.

I'm also saying that this entire page is made to promote the iPad and Apple. You have to have some reservations about how honest it is. My company uses a lot of Apple products, and they could probably feature us as a company being productive with their products... but we use a WIDE variety of products to get the job done. We don't just rely on ONE product from ONE company. To think that's how ANY company actually works is ridiculous. Just because Apple shows you a fun film of how their products are being used by big name companies, doesn't mean that those companies are actually using them full-time or at all. This is all marketing. Capital One gets featured on Apple's site, Apple gets a big name to use for their marketing, it's win-win for both. I'm not saying Capital One would never use an iPad, I'm just saying I doubt it makes up even 10% of their product usage within their company. Though, I have friends that work in their headquarters, I could ask them if you'd like.
It's a good anonymous place to leak info.
I gotta disagree. I walk with my phone in this kind of grip constantly in a busy city and never had a problem. If the screen extends to the edge but the edge is not part of the screen I could see there being no real overlap (or minimal overlap). I'm exchange for much granted screen real estate that is a good trade off in my opinion. 

We may just have a difference in taste and positioning. I'm not trying to say your preference is wrong or atupid or anything. Just that for my use of a phone, a lack of bezels would give me more viewing space with minimal issues of fingers or hands overlapping. 
So your references are the pages on Apple's own website? You think those companies don't want the free publicity of being featured on Apple's site? Marketing deals like this happen all the time.

My company has a major deal with T-Mobile for our software. We don't use T-Mobile as our "official business carrier", but we certainly make sure to be using them when we demo our work on a phone. In reality, I've seen people scramble in the office to find someone with a T-Mobile phone because of how little we actually use them.

People making the posters for feature films are not building them on an iPad Pro with the Apple Pencil. No matter how much Apple claims you "can" do that, it's just not happening. 

Artists definitely use it, it's a great tool for sketching and drawing, but in a professional setting, it's not used. I work in a major creative department in NYC and would literally be laughed at if I said I was going to switch to iPad Pro to do my work. I'd probably be fired if I actually insisted on doing that.

It's a product for casual use. I'm sure SOME professionals are using it, but if a designer interviewed with me and said they use an iPad Pro and Apple Pencil for their work, I'd pass on them in a heartbeat. It's not a replacement for tools like Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, After Effects, Premiere. And the "touch" app versions of any of those tools are not enough.
That is a pretty exaggerated palm overlap on that illustration. I mean, it's pretty easy to hold a phone without overlapping the screen. Maybe I've just trained my hand to not overlap any part of the screen (including bezels), but I can't comfortably hold my phone with my palm or fingers on the bezels.

For reference, here are some pictures I found that are similar to how I hold my phone: [Ref 1](http://cdn2.pcadvisor.co.uk/cmsdata/reviews/3572846/iPhone_6_PLUS_preview_MG_1875.jpg), [Ref 2](http://www.pngpix.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/Hand-Holding-iphone-6-PNG-image.png), [Ref 3](https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/woman-holding-iphone-apple-pay-passbook-alushta-russia-october-space-gray-service-screen-was-created-46302020.jpg), [Ref 4](https://img.newatlas.com/iphone-6-vs-iphone-6-plus-13.jpg?auto=format%2Ccompress&fit=max&h=670&q=60&w=1000&s=bed90e61eae9e5e4a6dc0d5df8cd44a5)

To get my palm to overlap with the bezel means I have shoving the phone deep in the pocket of my palm and holding extremely tight with my thumb. And even when I do that it barely covers THAT much of the screen, and it covers both screen AND bezel. So even with bezels you still have that problem.
Gotta agree. I still use iPhone but have tried out the S8 a few times in store and whenever I look back at my iPhone, it looks so outdated. The screen resolution looks worse, the size and shape look uninspired, and the layout/features of the OS are essentially the same for years with minor updates or horrible design updates that make it look worse.
Just curious. How are you holding your phone currently? When I hold mine in my hand, my fingers rest on the edges of the device, the bezels do nothing in this case. I never hold my phone by the bezels on either the sides or the top/bottom. Most of the time it's just resting in my palm. I don't think I've ever picked up my phone or had my fingers on the bezels before.
Can you explain in more detail what Dolphin is and what it's used for? I was left a little confused by that in the video.
So thrilled to confirm that as well. I know there were mentions that it would have the same ports, but having them actually discuss HDMI-In really makes me feel good. 

I've lost track of the amount of times that I have decided to not play my PS4 simply because it requires finding the TV remote and switching the input on the TV. It sounds lazy, but it's really a major selling point to me. Getting friends notifications while watching TV any using an app is fantastic. It's really integrated my entire living room and Scorpio would be a tough sell to me without that.
Yea the iMac Pro and updates to iPad OS are really nice, but like you, I have no use for those. I got tired of waiting for iPads to have functionality beyond iOS and got a Surface Pro instead. It's an actual laptop replacement as well as a tablet and works great. I can't see the iPad Pro ever getting to a point where it out-performs what I can accomplish on that. Running full versions of Photoshop or After Effects on something that can be used as a tablet is insane. The iPad looks nice, but for anything beyond word processing and emails, it's not really useable for a professional. The rest of it's functionality is for show. People will draw with the pencil, but professional artists aren't using an iPad, they have wacom tablets that work with real software on a computer, not an app with limit features.
Why? People already use a bunch of different apps for that. Apple is just taking well used apps and copying the functionality. Where is the innovation?
It's extremely high. This is being sold to people for status.
Yeah, the seem to have focused on just stealing ideas from popular apps and integrating it into their stock apps. Was really hoping for some kind of update to the layout and customization of the phone. I don't want to have to swipe twice to get to widgets, I may as well just open an app at that point. 

And whoever approved that Control Center design needs to be fired immediately.
I prefer quality over quantity. Nothing that was shown looks like anything remotely useful beyond the updates to the iPad OS.
High Sierra...
$349?!? They are insane.
Multi echo chambers!!! Buy two and see how well they work together!!
It's not going to adjust shit based on where it's placed. It's just going to play audio.
"Why hasn't this happened yet?" It has...
"Here are a bunch of unrealistic ways to use this shit"
It's getting there! 
Nope.
You can get similar things for Photoshop with plugins. This is literally nothing new and has been around for decades.
Agreed. I do this work professionally, and any designer using this over Photoshop would get laughed at. Blending modes are trial and error? This is a joke. Maybe it's trial and error for people who don't have a clue what they are doing, who I guess they are trying to sell to. Professionals aren't doing work on an iPad. This is useless.
Agreed. As long as it runs iOS, it's never going to be able to replace a computer for anyone doing more than word/excel. No serious designers or editors are using an iPad as a replacement for a computer. 
That updated Control Center would disagree with you. 
So is this just Hololens but on an iPad?
Agreed. I don't want the story, I want the app.
But now you have to swipe to view each review instead of scrolling like a normal human. So much courage.
Plus now we can read stories from developers who agree to delay launch on other app platforms so Apple can have exclusivity. Yay! Anti-consumer!
No one gives a shit about the developers stories.
Yes. These are some nice updates, but I'm not seeing anything that seems groundbreaking. So far it's just taking ideas from popular apps and integrating it directly into iOS. And that control center... My god...
Sold.
I gotta agree. There is no way they waited until a week before E3 to trademark the logo for their new console. They will need to be using the logo in all of their marketing and videos that are going out to press. If there was any hiccups with the trademark process they would be completely screwed for the presentation. 
That would be so confusing with the Xbox One S. 
Randers!!
That's not his rope. Those are wires for cable. You can see them going down the side of the building. There is a cut in the video when he turns his head back to the road. Watch the traffic. The cars completely change. 
You can see the wires going down the side of the building. Probably wires for cable or internet. Here in NYC they literally just run down the sides of buildings. At first I thought that was the hardness wire as well. But once I saw the wires going down the side of the building I knew it was not his harness. 
She worked for me but was ALWAYS delayed. I'd ask her to record that and she would miss what I wanted to record because it took so long to process. I had to switch my records to 60seconds instead of 30. 

It would also he a pain when wanting to pause or play something. Finally I gave up and switched to legacy. Best decision for now. Hope she is improved. 
I believe there is a law in LA about advertising and billboards that requires larger ads to be painted. Same thing is going on with the Star Wars Battlefront 2 ad.
Typically God of War has always been a March release (for at least the main games in the series). I'd be pleasantly surprised for a March 2018 release, but worry that may get pushed back.
And was back on while she was still in the room.
But they were attempting to frame her for Ray's death. They wanted her to be arrested, which means she could talk to the police about Meemo and Yuri. And now they want to kill her while in police custody? Why not just make her death look like a suicide at the motel after framing her for the murder of Ray? 
But not if they make it obvious that she was murdered. A failed murder attempt in the police station, and now her prison bus crashes and the gate door is sawed open and she is dead? Even a Mashed Potatoes theory can't hold up against that kind of evidence of foul play.
Agreed. I think there needs to be a fine line here. If he teams up with Nikki and goes on a Vargas killing spree, then it seems a little too conventional and expected from a show like Fargo. It's too convenient. But if he just dies or is never seen again after the crash, then it just seems cheap to add him in, especially when using his theme for the big climax of the episode. I think they need to find a nice middle ground. If this is all we see of him this season, then I'll feel like they got my hopes up in for no reason. 
I dunno. I think she was trying to mask all emotion in that scene so nothing could be used against her. I got the impression that she was holding back a lot. After he left she was definitely looking for clues in the picture though.
I really loved the marching band style drum beats of season 2. Like when Lou and Hank are approaching the cabin while Peggy is giving Hanzee a haircut.
If I remember correctly, she turned the other direction when leaving the police station. She was going back home to her son (it's christmas eve, remember). She said she would visit Swango after the holidays.
That would be extremely disappointing. You don't bring back one of the only surviving badasses from Season 1 just to sit on a prison bus and never be seen again. I hope it's not as cookie-cutter as "Wrench and Swango team up to take down Vargas", but I certainly hope he has some more scenes in this season and plays a part. Otherwise it's literally just fan service.
Mike killing the Undertaker solidified him as one of my favorite characters. All that build up of this "fixer" who will come in and clean up the mess and Milligan takes him and his boys out so quickly. I'm so glad he survived the season and hope we get to see an old man Milligan by the end of Season 3.
I saw the fringe on the shoulders of the jacket and knew immediately and was just waiting for the camera pan and drum beat. Really hope he has a lot to do with the conclusion of this season and not just a random cameo. 
And that the electoral college basically means it's pointless to vote in certain parts of the country. Republican in California, Democrat in Nebraska? Why bother wasting your time?
Film enthusiasts STILL wouldn't subscribe to Netflix. Netflix has terrible selection for films now, and the wait time is ridiculous. Netflix is mostly for tv binge watching and their original programing now. 
I liked that quality about it. It felt worn, aged, lived in. Like it had seen a lot of adventures. And it worked with the idea of TARDIS always have some mechanical issues. A crisp, clean, fresh looking TARDIS interior doesn't give me the impression that it has any problems (which often happen within the story), nor does it feel like something thats been used for thousands of years.
Right, but you do need to be a chef to know the details about what went wrong with the pizza to cause it to be bad. You aren't just saying "Steve made some mistakes", you are saying "Steve made mistakes because of this specific reason".

You are analyzing Steve's behavior based on 2 hours of unscripted banter every week for multiple years by saying him stumbling over some words means he's insecure. Are you in your first year of psychology or something and trying to show off?
Coral. 9/10's Tardis is the best.
God that sounds awful. What if I want to play with a headset and not use the tv speakers? What kind of backward chat solution is that?
I disagree. Not everyone has a gaming PC ready to go that can play those games at the same quality as an Xbox One. Ans not everyone wants to play at a computer. I prefer console gaming but have a laptop that is decent enough to run some games at lower settings. This gives me the ability to take my games with me when I travel. 

Maybe a certain percentage of gamers who have a gaming PC won't buy an Xbox One now, but they will still be buying Microsoft games and using the Xbox Live service. I highly doubt this feature is going to kill the Xbox brand. It's just another way to play first party Xbox games. 

My whole point was how Microsoft is making changes that benefit the gaming community, not just the Xbox One. No matter what you play on, you can't deny that giving players the freedom to play their games on console or PC without buying the game twice and syncing the save data is a step in the right direction for gaming.

These are the kind of features Microsoft is excelling at right now. Offering EA Access, creating the Game Pass, free backward compatibility, and offering Sony the chance at cross play on multiplatform titles. Microsoft was ready to go with that on several games and Sony turned it down. 

Play Anywhere is just another feature that shows Microsoft pushing the industry towards more pro-consumer features. They didn't need to offer it, and like you said, it has potential to hurt some Xbox One sales, but it's a feature that signals a change in gaming that is good for players. Something I haven't seen Sony do at all this generation. 
I love how the Xbox One is the center of my living room. I access my tv, gaming, movies, streaming, music and YouTube from it. I can't go back to switching inputs after this. It's the future. 
Nothing is wrong with announcing what you have in the pipeline, but it's not quite fair to compare exclusives when Sony is more open to teasing what they have 3 years in advance, and Microsoft is changing to trying to only announce games within a year or so of release. 

I suppose we will see how close those games are to release after this years E3. God of War has typically been a March release as far as I know. I'd love to see it release by March 2018, but I wouldn't be surprised to see it slip to a fall release given the scale of games like that.
I've also felt like Sony has been acting very arrogant and anti-consumer with a lot of their decisions lately. I remember Microsoft getting slammed for doing timed exclusives, but then Sony takes a few 3rd party games as exclusives and it's all about exclusives now. Microsoft builds in free backwards compatibility. Sony refused to allow EA Access on their system. 

And at their E3 conferences, Sony seems to be a little rude to the competition year after year. There is a certain respect between the big 3 that I have come to expect, and Sony has shown a lack of it in how they act on stage and in interviews afterwards. I want them to do well, but I want to see them make more choices in the best interests of the gaming industry, not just the best interest of Sony gaming. Microsoft seems like it's making some BIG improvements to the industry as a whole. Sony seems to just be focused on themselves and they seem to encourage their toxic fanbase. 

Remember when Sony "congratulated" Nintendo on the Switch/Zelda release by tweeting an ad for Horizons? Meanwhile Microsoft made several pieces of custom zelda art to show support. 
> Sony have a few outliers such as The Last Guardian

If you think you'll be playing Death Stranding anytime before 2019, you are mistaken. Add to that the new God of War (which won't come out till probably late 2018 at best), Detroit: Become Human, Spider-Man, Days Gone, etc. Most of PS4's big hitters at last years E3 were 2-3 years AT LEAST from release. Sony does a good job at showing a lot of stuff, but not very good at releasing it at a good quality other than their flagship franchises (Uncharted, Last of Us, God of War).
Couldn't disagree more. The PS4 interface is so bland and boring, it feels so outdated. I don't feel like I can actually DO anything with it, doesn't feel like a device that should be the center of my living room. The Xbox One feels naturally like a hub of content and apps and games and works perfectly as the central piece of my living room. 
Ok but the person I was originally replying to said it took them 8 hours. My whole point was that seems like a waste of time given that you can get the same experience at home without investing that much time into tickets. If you got tickets easily thats great. My comments weren't directed towards you. 
$10, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2014), and a Horizon theme? I still don't think that is worth 8 hours of attempting to get tickets, or the hassle of the process.
I'd love to see them use that 1986 logo again. That thing is awesome.
A poster and a trading card?
Wow, surprised at the amount of downvotes for encouraging competition. Let's face it, without Microsoft doing well, we will see Sony fall back into their arrogant attitudes like they had with the PS3. I think they already have made some anti-consumer decisions recently, meanwhile Microsoft has created free backward compatibility, and introduced the Game Pass, which could end up being a pretty great feature if it gets a good collection of games. Not to mention EA Access, which Sony passed on saying that they don't think their customers would want that.

Personally, I hope Microsoft really brings more and more of those pro-consumer features. People criticize them for Play Anywhere, but it's the most pro-consumer feature I could ever imagine. Buy it for console, play it on your PC and your save data transfers between both. Maybe it means the Xbox One is less important, but it's a solid feature, and one that should be seen as a positive for the industry. 

Everyone claims that console exclusives are hurting the industry, but then PS4 fanboys use it as their own pro for the PS4 and hate on Microsoft for not focusing more on it. 

In my opinion, I want to see Sony focus on better features for gamers on PS4 and show that they want the industry to improve. Right now, only Microsoft seems to be innovating the industry in that regards.
You know you can watch it online from your home at the exact same time, right?
I have a feeling that they photoshopped all of the headshots from stock photos to prevent reverse image searching from sending people down the wrong path. Even if you found the source of one of the images, it would be a different face or different body so it would be a dead end.
The 6S haptic feedback is fine. I think users would get more user out of a headphone jack than extra vibrating. 
They started rerunning Cops close to the end of their run. They used to have a lot of original programming before that, but one by one they slowly were cancelled in favor of Cops or Ninja Warrior. And the powers that be wanted it to compete with Spike instead of being it's own tech-based thing.
In season one they actually show him getting food at CTU during his debrief and show how quickly he ate the food since he hadn't eaten in so long. It was also the only season where he actually falls asleep while waiting for a specific moment during one episode. It helped show how exhausting the day has been. 

I suppose after that it would just get in the way if they did it every season. 
Yeah, don't get used to it. Wait the extra 5 seconds for the car to make a complete stop before crossing, even if you have the right of way. They are in a 2 ton metal box on wheels, you have a cotton shirt for protection. Be safe.
216 or 261, Chuck?
Tryin ta watch King Kong 'ere!!
Oooo la la somebody's going to get laid in college. 

Sounds like you should get off Reddit and go do some volunteer work. You sit there using a smart device to send a message through the internet to strangers detesting technology advancements. Think about how ridiculous that is. 

What if, 20 years ago, someone like you decided we had gone for enough? We've done enough in terms of technological advancements and our big tube televisions are the pinnacle of resolution. 

When is a good time to stop technology progression? Who decides that? You think if people working at Apple or Samsung just stopped making phones they would all instantly solve the world's hungry or energy crisis? You think that would instantly fix income inequality? You sound so naive and worse, im sure you are using a computer or phone or tablet that has been made within the past 2 years to reply to these messages so you are part of the problem. 
No. Money down!