Am I the only person who doesn't want the game to get more difficult? I still haven't beaten the Moon or Marlboro yet. I finally beat the ice bird today.

The problem with difficulty, especially with Guni's version of difficulty is that they don't make it fair difficult, they just make it outright unfair. A perfect example is the dang ice bird. He would frequently wreck my team.

An example of good difficulty is the World Destroyer (yes I know I don't know all their names). It was slow and monotonous and requires precious. If I didn't pay attention I'd get off the grove and the team would die.

I don't need more difficultly. I need fair difficulty that doesn't require me to drop loads of money to pull 5*s 
I finally beat the Ice Bird today thanks to this idea.  It only took me 5 attempts to get a Dragonlord to survive the initial onslaught. 
You missed the point. You want to be able to play your games forever, but what happens when there's no more PS2s? Or when the last ones are in a musium?
Spoiler alert





You've been warned








It's never brought up in the movie. No one comments on the star being missing or him being nomad. Everyone still calls him cap and he never corrects anyone or tells anyone that he's Nomad now. If you didn't already know that Cap is Nomad then you still wouldn't know after the movie. It's like an Easter egg that they put in there throughout the movie. It's never brought up but those of us that read the comics know. 
It's not really a spoiler. It isn't brought up in the movie. That's just the name he takes on in the comics. 
There's a lot of games that could fit that request. Can you elaborate on your preferences of games? 
I haven't gone to church since I moved out over 3 years ago. I could tell stories about the shit my parents did in the name of Christ but I won't. All that I need to say is that as soon as I got a job where I could support myself I left and never looked back. 
I used to sneak episodes of Supernatural after Smallville. My parents were hardcore Christian but supernatural came on too late so when they were in bed I'd sneak into our living room and watch the episode. 
Yea. I get the full time job thing. I'm working on a course for cybrary that's on OSCP but I don't have a lot of time to do it.

Hopefully they get dedicated instructors that can focus on making quality training. 
I'm in Total War Rome with Magic from Morrowind 
I was referring to the instructors themselves. A lot of them have no personality and clearly aren't professional instructors. So they're very difficult to watch. Then there's the varying production environments. Like the Net+ guy is basically just drawing on a whiteboard the whole time. I appreciate the free material but a lot of it is now a quality production 
I like cybrary and dislike it at the same time. There's good information there but since it's open sourcing training they instructors can be Meh. 
Why is it Jazz? Why is jazz seen as the "smart people music" 
I bought Dishonored 2 physical 
Thanks bot. 
I reached a deal with my wife that's largely the same. I play in the office or coordinate with her and use the living room. I check in with her to make sure she didn't make plans before I make plans with my gaming buddies. She doesn't dare break my stuff because she knows we'll fight about it and I'll replace it which will take money away from her getting stuff she likes. 
People can think whatever the fuck they want about me. Anyone who is my friend would know that isn't true and anyone who'd belive that I don't have time to bother with. Problem solved. 
Ding ding ding. Someone gets it. I remember the days of Unreal Tournament 1 when that's exactly what happened. One person would buy it and just share the disc. 
You've never been on Steam. 
You could possibly. But the real reason is licensing. The key to start the media is tied to the disc. Back in the days of Unreal Tournament 1 the game wasn't tied to the disc so one person would buy it and install it then we'd all just pass it around installing it until everyone had a copy and we could play together. 
Sorta. The other answer is licensing. The key to start the media is tied to the disc. 1 person would buy the game install it and then share it with everyone else. That's what happened in the old Unreal tournament (the original) days when you didn't need a disc to run the game. 1 person bought it and then all his friends just used his disc to install it. 
> I want to make sure I can play my games in the future 100% without some Bs expiration or data corruption or something else stupid on the companies end.

>Something else stupid on the companies end.

Like not making consoles that can play them anymore? Companies will stop supporting physical media at some point and the devices that can play that media will become a limited commodity. You can never guarantee that you will always be able to play your physical copies of games. Same as digital. 
At some level they do. If each person has their own subscriber account then they all have a unique public IP 
Owning up to your mistake instead of deleting your comment. Upvote for you
I'd caution you about calling my wife a moron. And no it wasn't apparent before we got married. Before that she had a stable job working at the USAFAA then the military moved us. 
Man so many of you are self righteous pricks. 
I don't believe you. Show me proof. 
She's trying but we're military so it's hard for her to get a job 
Gee what a good idea. I wish things like phones with internet existed where I could hold him and type 
Let me tug on your heartstrings somemore then. It breaks my heart thinking about how my 3 year old daughter has had to grow up to fast and help take care of my son. 
Thanks. Best of luck on your Master's!
Computer Security. I tell myself I'm going to do at least 2 hours a day so I get between 4-5 hours of sleep a night. 
F*ck yes. I now have to do all the cooking, cleaning, laundry, take care of the kids, 4x12 hour shifts a week, and work on my Masters. She Facebooks and ignores the kids. 
I do all the cooking, cleaning, laundry, and work 4x12 hour shifts a week, and put both kids to bed. All so she can workout for "her business". 
No. She tried Mary Kay before and Posh after that. She spent about $200 on each on before I told her no more until it turns a profit. 
Fortunately we don't have to put any money upfront for Beachbody and I actually use the workouts so that's good, but the time with children is invaluable. 
Public data. It's no different then the rest of the internet. 
While you're correct for the most part I think it's important to also recognize the allure of it being about someone you know. While I think there is a large portion that enjoy the taboo of silently watching someone I think there's also a subset of them that enjoy the perceived intemecy of it being a person you know. 
They're not selling the data. Why? Because data is valuable and as soon as they sell it it becomes less valuable. They sell targeted ad space. You want your ad to reach middle age conservative white women who grew up in the Midwest have 3 children and a minivan? Facebook can get your ad to those audiences, but it won't tell you who they are. Because as soon as you know who they are you don't need to pay Facebook anymore 
Facebook never violated anyone's privacy. They were always very up front about the fact that your information will be used for target advertisements and analytics. 
There's a place in San Antonio called Morgan's Wonderland which is built entirely for Handicap kids. Everything is wheelchair accessible 
I'm a Computer Security Analyst and generally will work for free because I actually love the job and it's fun to fix computers, but the amount of people I have asking me for help is insane. I started saying no, not because it was to many, but because too many people would turn around and say shit like;

>well this worked before I brought it to you (Sure but that's why it has a virus)

> It's slow (You have nostalgia glasses on about how fast you PoS computer actually was)

> It's broken again (PEBKAC)

> It still has a virus (No. I guarantee you it didn't)

I gave up helping people 
I said no fatties hun. If for the church. NEXT! 
Ok. Your best bet is going to be a bridge network then. It'll cut the speeds of anything connected to it by roughly half but it'll give you an isolated network that you completely control. 
Are there any RJ 45 ports (phone ports) in your walls? You might have a line there. Also you could set up a router as a wireless bridge. It won't be super fast but it'll take the existing wireless and create another network off it by retranamitting the signal.
I don't know what type of router you're using but many routers have a Guest network option which creates a separate subnet (or VLANs that network). You could put all your chromecast devices on that.

The other option is to get another router and plug it in to your current one. This creates a second network inside the first network. 
What about a separate access point just for Google smart devices? 
If we considered scanning as under attack then the entire internet is under attack all the time.

I'm sure you were a Mikrotik wizard but most of us had to learn with someone else's help.

Finally to quote Star Wars, the ability to speak does not make one intelligent. 
Ohhhhhhh. That makes sense. Have you looked into enabling the chromecast guest mode? That allows people to cast based on location and pin. 
How many languages I speak is irrelevant. OP didnt know the answer to the question because of lack of practice as well. Funny how not doing something everyday can lead to us not knowing every little thing about something isn't it? 
I think you have not enough brain to speak English properly. 
How is your apartment wifi set up that you wouldn't be able to do that? 
No arguments there. That 24% interest rate would be killer. 
He didn't say you should, he said you can. You don't need a no limit card, I have a $60k limit on my Chase Sapphire. 
Zach
I have a credit card you can buy a corvette on. It's not really that special. The CC companies will give a huge credit limit to basically anyone if they think they can get money out of you. 
That's why I just have a Zerolemon battery case. 
As a white person who lives in Texas and was involved in helping people in Huston this pisses me off so much.

When we were out there in boats getting people off their roofs there was no race. There were only people. You name a ethnicity and they were out there helping in some way. 
GAP insurance. If your car gets wrecked or stolen whatever your insurance doesn't pay the dealership will pay towards your loan. 
Its a bit more than water loss. It actually shifts the location of your internal organs like intestines of you use it on your stomach. Some doctors say that it's dangerous because you're moving your intestines into unintended locations which can pull or tug on them and cause pain or small ruptures.
Sad to see them go down hill. Geeksquad used to have the best warranty with the Black Tie Protection plan. 
Source code looks like it might have something to do with ifttt
https://github.com/RMerl/asuswrt-merlin.ng/blob/08c94f38904bcfaba0041e105cc286e616b8bb37/release/src/router/aaews/tunnel_proc.h
That's why you pair it with one of those universal TV off switches. You turn the TV off then go over and turn it on. When you're turning it on you plug that in. Bam. Everyone thinks you were just trying to turn the TV on that the sound went out when the picture went out. 
I grew up in a super religious house that said living together before wedlock was heresy. Got married and found out I couldn't stand the way my wife liked to live.

Live with the other person for a while and see if after a couple months/years of living together if the spark is still there. 
$12k for a car with 100k miles on it? That's a ripe off if I've ever seen one, unless it's a truck. 
So it's different from most of reddit how? 
The movies did more justice to Boromir than the books did. The books are basically:

Argument at Rivendell -> arguing with Frodo -> Dead. Tolkien didn't do almost anything for character development. The movies did a lot better by showing his developing friendships with the hobbits. 
Yes. Industry standard. Thank you 
Yes I know that. But it's a commercial standard (meaning the standard uses in the commercial sector). 
Because Google scrapes email content, and apparently masterhackers are l33t that they use their email when hacking. 
How does this differ from the commercial standard of SIFT? 
There are some simpleish ways to do that. Circle by Disney if you want the absolute easiest, just plug it in the network and habit start blocking content, Bitdefender BOX provides network based Antivirus to all computers on the network, you could set up a Squid3 proxy and interdict web browsing to stop access to bad sites, or use something like pihole to block ads (and whatever else you want), and then there's something like OpenDNS which you can also apply page level blocks on. 
Didn't realize. I scrolled though a bit before reposting but didn't see it. 
Aw. Why are you getting downvoted?  This is funny
Oh. I was hoping you meant litterally. 
When you play both sides of the fence in one comment it'll seem like everyone is arguing with you. So piss off. 
I read your entire comment dick bag. I was agree with you that all of the prison COs I knew were just guys who wanted another job that needed to be done.

But you go ahead and be an insecure dick thinking everyone is out to argue with you. 
As in they are fucking democrats or they are performing the act of fucking democrats? 
I have a lot of friends who were prison guards. Almost everyone of them joined because they were tired of the crappy minimum wage job they had in fast food and wanted something that paid better. 
Oh man. We have a bona-fided badass here. Not only SOF but one of the most decorated SOF units. 
The Salute report is ideal in real life but in a fast paced game 3Ws might be better. 

Size, activity, location, uniform, time, equipment. 

The sad truth is we need people who "just want to kill people with a gun". It's sad and ugly and no one wants to admit it but we need those people for when real war breaks out. We need people that won't hesitate, or purposely miss (a common thing actually).

No one joins the military for money, because we get paid shit, excluding benefits. We don't all do the same job in the end but we all do somehow impact the kill chain.

From the finance guy who makes sure troops get paid, the personnelist who makes sure paperwork is done so the soldier can deploy, the musicians who keep up moral, Intel who identifies targets, all the way to infinity who kills the target. Everyone is part of the kill chain.

It's not our job to question the morality of the mission, only the legality because war in inherently immoral. So we have to take the morality out and focus on legality. 
It's completely socialist.  Everyone gets paid on the same scale, everyone gets free healthcare, free dental, free money for food, free housing.  There are no glass roofs, in the enlisted world your first 6 ranks are all test based, in the officer world your first 4 ranks are almost automatic. There is no way for me to sell something to make more money in the military.  The military is not owned by a board of directors.  There are no CEOs that make more money when the military is "doing good" or less money when its "doing bad". The means of production are controlled by the government. 

It's pretty much the definition of socialism. 
Gotta respect someone who will accept that many downvotes without deleting their comment. 
It is. But it's also treebeards name. 
Sometimes timing is litterally the only factor.

Perfect example: My buddy and I work for the most socialist job in the world, the US military. We have the same training, same rank, same pay. But he got there one month before me. Because of that he was given a job doing X and I was given a job doing Y. X was extremely high visibility so every 3 months for 2 years he would win quarterly awards. This led to him getting stratifications, groomed for leadership, and accepted into special programs because he had all these awards and rankings.

Sometimes luck is really all there is to it. 
Right. In the books he says he is Fangorn but let's the Hobbits call him tree beard to be less confusing.

Edit: yes I know Fangorn means treebeard, or rather beard tree, but treebeard does specially tell the hobbits that they can call him tree beard. 
The issue wasn't so much people smoking weed on the job it was that the FBI had an absolute zero tolerance policy. So if you had ever smoked weed you were immediately disqualified.

The law has been altered but there's still a zero tolerance policy for employees. 
I joined the military when I was 23. I shipped out in March. My father was still able to claim me as a dependent because I lived with them for 3 months.

It sucks, but they can claim you. 
Not to mention the proportions. Over half that burrito is cotten candy. You're going to have a good 2-3 bites on each side of just cotten candy. 
So happy to see brazzers used correctly. It's incredibly irritating that whenever there's a pic of 8 guys and one women some idiot makes a "brazzers" comment. BRAZZERS DOES NOT DO GANGBANGS! MMMF and the occasional livestreamed orgy are the best you'll find, but somehow they have become synonymous with gangbang in the public imagination, what the fuck people?

Filming gangbangs is an incredibly specialized and specific skillset not just any putz with a camera can do but comments like this ignore those artists work. Have you ever tried to film a gangbang? Think of typical porn as a two person conversation, ala My Dinner With Andres, sure the camera might change angles a couple times but there's few logistical difficulties.

Filming a gangbang with artistry is like the restaurant scene from Goodfellas, every detail must be choreographed while still maintaining the illusion of freeform carnal chaos or you're just going to be spending 95% of the time staring at mens asses. Seriously, if you want high quality gangbangs and blowbangs search for Evil Angel, Dogfart Network, cumonherface, anything by director Brandon Irons such as the spermcocktail and "bakers dozen" series, german goo girls, putalocura, I could go on.

If it's a pic like this of a scantily clad woman with cartoon proportions, or a typcial pizza guy, plumber scenario, then write "brazzers lol" to your hearts content, but please be more thoughtful when the image portrays a gangbang scenario, that is all I ask.
A separate VLAN is fine. You could have put it on a whole separate network but it's largely unnecessary. 
And those are? Because it's been 24 hours and Russia hasn't done anything yet. 
He has to be trolling me right? 
Why would a president know the network architecture of Blizzard, or know if they have fail over servers? Why would a president know where blizzards game servers are located? 
Because who would have a better answer than someone who works for the company. 
From a Blizzard employee 
Because the US, France, and UK launched a bunch of Missiles and Air Strikes against Syria. People are worried Russia is going to retaliate but forget when we did the same thing last year and Russia did nothing. 
Missions vrs Operations.

Missions are individual actions.

Operations can span for hours/days/months/years.

In the case of Bush the mission was over but the operation wasn't. 
It's such a useful mask because it doesn't count as head armor so you can still wear other head armors on top of it and retain its bonus. 
An official response. 
Send no transmission of any kind 
Update: I'm an idiot. I didn't even notice that behind the two kids in the purple camouflage is a Mary Kay booth. 
I have a sick 2 year old right now so I completely understand her desperation, and bless you for helping her, but couldn't she just go to Walgreens or CVS, or some other place open 24/7?
They're pretty much exactly what they sound like. A vest that's weighted. I use one when I'm running, but schools used to use them to tire energetic kids out. They're usually about 15-30lbs so possiblely half the weight of the kid if they're young. 
I don't know what the backend of whatsapp works, but I know they have the messages and they have the private keys. That means they could decrypt and read all of them. 
It works without the original phone.

And I'm not saying they are storing them unencrypted. I'm saying they can. 
It's true. You just sign into your whatsapp account and bam all your backed up messages are there. That means the messages have to be stored somewhere and the key is stored somewhere. 
They're end to end encrypted but whatsapp has a copy of the private keys and the messages. That's how they're able to restore your messages when you transfer phones.

So in theory Facebook could have a copy of the messages unencrypted sitting on a server. 
I hear there's a guy in office who's a pro at Twitter. 
He still lives a life of luxury 
Except for the shadow profiles Facebook builds on people without Facebook accounts based on the information their friends have posted. 
42
Technically even a reformat isn't 100% certain if the malware is a bios level Malware. Or what happens if it's a worm, then it might come back and rehit the computer. 
He could point out mistakes in others but couldn't save himself from them. 
I'm guessing they're an "aspiring artist" who's "about to make it big" but they're having trouble surviving and they just quit their minimum wage job because the 15 hours a week was stifling their creativity. 
Wow that 2 year old doll has better sentence structure than my almost 4 year old daughter.

Seriously, do people not know how long it takes kids to develop the proper grammar to form a sentence like that. 
Computer security. 
> Facebook selling your private information to third parties

Now that's the real interesting part isn't it. Did Facebook actually sell the data or did their faulty security policies allow its access?

Property have this theory that companies like Google and Facebook are selling user data. They're not, they're selling targeted marketing. Information is valuable, in fact it's probably the most valuable currency we have today. Why would Facebook and Google sell the information? They don't. They sell the target. They sell ad space targeting certain demographics but the actual information about people itself isn't sold.

That's what makes this so interesting. A third party used Facebook depreciated APIs to access the information. 
Unfortunately that proof will probably never come. It would be challenging, if not impossible, to actually prove that. 
No. This conversation thread is on if third parties influenced the election through the use of Facebook access and information operations.

Russia is a third party and largely believed to be behind the majority of information operations conducted on Facebook.

Therefore this is perfectly valid. 
Can confirm. Am writing a thesis on threat intelligence centric security operations centers and their support to cyberspace operations. The longest damn part is research and getting everything peer reviewed. Seriously it takes weeks to get people to review 2 or 3 pages 
> somewhat a theme in the movies, and the books as well.

You know other than Legolas there were no elves at Helm's Deep right? 
I think that largely stems from the political analysts that said Trump was going to lose monumentally. Almost every major news outlet said Hillary was going to win, at one point I think CNN reported it was going to be a 93/7 split.

And then Trump won. People can't wrap their head around the fact he won when everything said he shouldn't. Rather than accepting the loss they look for some reason to say "this is why the analysts didn't get it correct". 
I think most people are talking about the suspected Russian Information Operation campaign on social media and the Russian breach of the DNC. 
So that's the hardest part to prove. You can prove that it CAN influence opinions, but it's almost impossible to prove that it DID or by how much. 
That's the one! Thanks. 
I'm looking for a specific story mission but I don't remember the name. It was a 4 part boss fight against a robot. You were fleeing from a exploding valcanoo (think).

Anyone remember the name?

I remember getting wrecked on this mission several times because you have to fight the boss 4 times without a break. I wanted to go back and try that fight again now that my units are much stronger. 
Basically there's not really anything to do
r/ihavesex
If it had been any other situation I might have 
Yup. One of my friends was considering suicide and locked himself in his bedroom. After trying to talk him out we just kicked the shit out of his door until it broke a hole in it big enough to reach through. The inside was definitely a cardboard like substance. 
I used to microwave chip bags. It'd shrink them down to a tenth of the size and all crinkly. Then we'd put a magnet on them and stick em to the fridge. 
Thanks. 
Yes. There's also an army base near by. 
I use three mikrotik hAP ACs to create a mesh network. 
They're beautiful 
I once had my Skype for business profile image as the Eye until an HR rep told me she recieved a complaint saying that it was a fallac image. 
Usually you can't.  Only Google can manually change it.  Why?
It's probably a combination of things, email parsing, ring, and the company probably has an internal tracking system where the driver scans a barcode. 
Right? I haven't looked up sword canes since I was in high school over 10 years ago 
I think learned behaviorism needs to be taught to everyone of dating age. Starting Freshman year of Highschool every student should learn what theory of learned behaviorism is. 
Well everyones entitled to their opinions I guess 
The book was good, it was entertaining an a relatively complete story. The characters were sorely underdeveloped. 
The book was really good, just don't expect any deep character development. 
Evidently we read different books 
Having read the book first I enjoyed the movie. If I hadn't read the book I would have probably loved the movie. 
The movie was enjoyable but it differed from the book a lot. It's almost like they took the concept of the book and the outline Boy-meets-Girl-video-game-love-story-Easter-egg-hunt-full-of-80s-pop-culture-references then filled in the blanks.

If you've never read the book and you're a geek/nerd you'll probably really enjoy it. If you have read the book you'll probably still enjoy the movie but you'll be painfully aware of the changes they made. 
We could figure out if you really wanted to, but it's entirely possible that it's a router without Gigabit ports. 
Good bot
When you see the orange and white kindle logo hold up on the volume button. 
Hmmm. I don't seem to remember that one.

Damn this is kinda sad that XBL and PSN go down so much we can't remember specifics anymore. 
Try booting into recovery and wiping the Dalvik cache, or just cache. This should clear any hung apps. 
It's sometimes hard to interpret tone of voice over text. I think people were interpreting your comment as sarcastic and reacted. 
Are you talking about the time when PSN went down for a month?

I think that was actually in 2009/2010 ish. 
Do you have any network based ad blockers? Many will block a specific Fire telemetry url. If that is blocked the fire can't go to sleep and will lose battery fast. 
About the only notable thing Lizard Squad did was the Christmas DDoS of XBL and PSN in 2015 (maybe 2016?).
I think he means that DDoSing is one of the easiest forms of attacks. It's not really even hacking since most DDoSs are running on rented botnets.
What about a trans marine? 
In Europe you also probably don't use USD as the primary currency. In USD a decimal point is used. 
It costs over $1,000 to unlock the number 2? That's some EA level shit. 
Well he's right about one thing.

>all women should feel beautiful. 
They stretched it over 3 films but they didn't cover a lot of things that were either implied in another book that happened parallel to the Hobbit. 
I thought 2 was by far the best movie, 3 was fantastic but they had so much ground to cover in 3 that I actually wish it was longer, and I have the almost 4 hour extended edition. 
I don't actually know how much my wife spent on our bridesmaid dresses. I gave her a $10K budget and she came in $1k under budget. I know her dress was only $700 so I can imagine the other dresses weren't much. 
>to pay for my wedding party's accommodations

This is exactly what my wife and I did. It's fine to expect your wedding party to be in a specific dress code when you're paying for said clothes. 
And hash anything you don't want to get out and watch as people suddenly can't upload things. You could censor shit easily if the only verification is a hash. 
Reboot the Pc but hit F8/F12/Del when it's booting. One of those should take you to a boot menu, choose safemode with networking.

Then go and reinstall the drivers. 
> Why would you write Japanese if you don't understand it.

Not defending this guy but sometimes it it courteous to try and put something in someone's native language. I was doing business with a French person over email. They spoke very broken English so everyone one of my emails had both the paragraph in both English and French (Google Translated French) for them.

I didn't and don't speak French but that customer provided feedback saying they greatly appreciate my attempts to help make the conversation easier on them. 
> I'll still let you go on a date with me if you let me help with your attitude afterwards.

WTF? Does he think this is 50 shades of grey or something? 
Honestly most of my classes read at the level of a second grader. 
The ads on discussions things has been widely disputed. To date no one has been able to actually prove (through PCAP) that Facebook is actively sending information back to Facebook C2 when not in use. 
You could try, but my guess is that Facebook is actively checking for commercial VPNs/VPSs and will know if you're using one. 
In direct answer to your question, no a modem wouldn't work with a switch if it's just a pure modem. 
By and large there aren't just modems any more, at least not for the consumer side (Commercial is a different story). Most ISPs give a modem/router combo because the average customer doesn't know the difference and couldn't figure out setting up multiple devices. 
Yes. I go places like Finance or MPF and see kids in their phones and immediately want to shout "WTF are you doing" 
They don't ban your IP but you can get a VAC ban if your account is jumping IP addresses because using VPNs or Proxies to hid your IP address is against Valves rules.

Here's their support article on it. https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=1266-QFZC-2141&l=English
I've been using Private Internet Access for roughly 5 years. In that time some of the notable issues I've had were 

Twitch refusing to load video

Netflix and Hulu blocking me

Southwest banning me

Papa Johns banning me

N4G banning me

A Blizzard Ban

And a

VAC ban. 
That's interesting. Mine is the opposite. When I sent the ISP modem to bridge mode I get a 90% degradation. 
This is good advice with a few exceptions. A lot of websites are now blocking commercial VPNs because hackers are using them. If you set your router to always use the VPN then there's time you might not be able go to website without going into your router and turning off the VPN.

Also if you're a heavy gamer a lot of anticheat engines issue IP bans, so it's entirely likely that you might get on a banned IP and not be able to play, or the engine might ban your account because it detected you coming from multiple different IPs over a short time (looking at you Blizzard). 

Having the app on your phone and laptop/desktop is probably fine. 
I'm not sure what you're asking for. So my advice is to figure out what you want before you talk to your boss.

Do you want a company car? Do you want a gas card? Do you want to be paid more? Do you want less jobs? Do you want more paid/unpaid time off?

Figure out what you actually want because right now all your boss would hear is whining. 
I'm not OP but if they weren't using the router for Wireless then I don't see why they would be using it at all. 
Your router is probably old. What is its model? 
No it doesn't. A double NAT doesn't affect speeds in any significant way if both devices are the same specs and there aren't thousands of rules.

Most likely the router is just old and needs to be replaced. 
Solid advice but not really the question. The question was if the router could be the problem and the answer sounds like yes. 
Not just lick someone's feet, licks cum off their feet 
It doesn't constitute a loss in sales but it does cost still. As you mentioned servers.

Servers cost money and can only host so many people. If you didn't buy the game you didn't contribute to the servers, instead you're taking away resources.

A perfect example is Pokémon Go. It was supposed to be timed regional releases as the servers went up in other regions. Instead people all around the world went and pirated the game (yes I know it's free) and overloaded the servers for weeks. This ultimate cost the company in development time as they now had to rush to fix the servers. That was time they could have used to improve on the game. 
Yea, and a lot of the cheap tablets are crap. I have a LG G Pad 8.0X which was like $250 but it only had 8GB of storage and android takes up almost a fourth of it. So I found myself quickly hitting the app limit. 
When did you do that though? Amazon is actively trying to keep Google off the Fires, especially now that they're in the row with Google. The most recent forum posts I could find on XDA about it were here: https://forum.xda-developers.com/hd8-hd10/general/hd-10-google-play-store-apk-installs-t3701059

Which required a work around after Amazon tries to block the install with a firmware update. 
Unfortunately you're not going to find a similar tablet for that price. The cost of that price is G apps. Until XDA figures out how to get them working on the new FireOS you'll be stuck with the Amazon App Store and sideloading. 
How interesting. Does everything have the same download speed degradation? 
That's my point. There's a mod for just about everything in skyrim. My default skyrim runs over 300 mods and I've been using them so long I don't even remember what is base game anymore. 
Yup. Enderal: The Shards of Order

Runs on Skyrim engine but is a completely different game someone modded in. 
Depends. Things like Dante's Inferno stated that the pain was a new sensation every time. Sinners never got used to it. 
Especially if it's like Dante's Inferno where the pain sensation is new every single time. You'd never get used to the pain. 
I've been less thrilled with every ES game since Morrowind. The only reason I keep coming back to skyrim is because of the insane mod support. I can litterally make the game what I want it to be. 
I'm going to link you to an old review of mine for it.

http://n4g.com/channel/the-last-of-us_ps3/userreview/516038

This was for the original PS3 version but lots of it still hold true for the remaster. 
I was always personally more of a fan of Majors Mask. 
I quit playing for a long time and just recently started again. The game is much better with some quality of life improvement scripts such as

Monsters always drop loot

Weapons never break

Auto craft oils based on the enemy

Auto loot

Fast travel from anywhere

Its a much better game now. 
Are you using your own router or the supplied one. I noticed when I put the ISP router in DMZ+ and forward all of it to my Asus RT 5300 I drop from 800-950Mbps to 70Mbps.

My Mikrotik Rb3011 sees a drop as well but not as bad. Down to roughly 750Mbps. 
According to Dell's website the typical load is 79.3 and full load is 116.

But idle can fluctuate from 68-161 and full load can fluctuate from 87-242

RIP electric bills. 
Some comparisons.

Fire HD 8: 8-inch, 1280 x 800 pixels, 189ppi (720P maximum) 
Fire HD 10: 10.1-inch, 1920 x 1200 pixels, 224ppi (1080P maximum) 

Fire HD 8: 1.3GHz quad-core, 1.5GB RAM, 16/32GB storage + microSD
Fire HD 10: 1.8GHz quad-core, 2GB RAM, 32/64GB storage + microSD

Both support up to dual band 802.11ac

If money is no issue I'd get a 10, but if you are looking to get the Fire to use as a tablet I'd recommend getting a regular tablet not a Fire. 
I haven't move but GH has stopped saying my city when I ask for weather. Now it says my zip code instead. 
Out of curiosity what's the difference in electricity cost between a rack mounted server and something like an Optiplex 780
Monica 
https://imgur.com/aolrTjk I particularly like this reply.

And apparently he "knows" Kratos's origins but doesn't care.

https://twitter.com/aNuChallenger/status/976229567668084736?s=09
Not that the first one isn't stupid. But what religion specifically says "no doctors". It's gotta bet a very small minority of religions right? 
This one. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.battlelancer.seriesguide
>The idea that a piece of software developed 5 years ago is going to stop running because Google decides it should stop running is not going to go well.

I'm a professional security analyst and incident responder. I think it's a fantastic idea. I've seen too many companies refuse to update their software or invest in new equipment because "it works now". They eventually get owned and we have to go in and do an investigation to figure out just how much this hurt them.

For us 5 years is a relatively small time, but in software 5 years is a lifetime. 5 years ago ransomware wasn't really a thing (it existed but it wasn't the booming industry it is today) so security methods weren't in place to try and mitigate ransomware. Software wasn't developed to be secure against it. 
Much like with the Russian intrusion into the DNC it's impossible to really say how significantly this impacted the election, but yes its possible. 
A "whistle-blower" came out and told the world that Facebook gave a company called Cambridge Analytical information about a bunch of users without those users consenting to it. Cambridge Analytical then used that data to figure out who was more likely to vote for Trump and worked with Facebook to serve them targeted ads. 

Cambridge Analytica did this by creating personality quizzes that asked for people's credentials to get results. Once they got on someone's profile they looked at the friends list and used that to create target profiles with data given to them by Facebook. 
They could if it was a criminal offense and they pushed for extradition 
You have good points but with GDPR about to roll out the rants might be a bit more intense. Under GDPR companies are required to inform British Citizens where their information is going in plain terms. 
Those Force powers 
I'm happy with Lueneth, Emperor, and Rem since I have each of them already. Queen and Delta are Meh. Never used Luenera before. 
Anyone know anything about the date for 7* for global? 
Barwater if you have if. A green mage works well too. 
Got a Rem, Queen, Lueneth, Emperor, Delta, Luenera. In 80 tickets.

I was looking for a Ayaka and Marie so when the 7* roll around I can enhance them. 
>Book readers are never going to be satisfied with film adaptations.

Idk I'm pretty satisfies with the extended editions of the original LOTR trilogy. Sure he made some creative choices but I feel like almost everyone of them worked and told helped move the story along in a logical sense that would have been difficult to do with a pure adaptation. 
Where the fuck did those worms go? As soon as they went back in the holes a billion orcs started pouring out. How did they get past the worms? 
Some of them are tricky. They may be something simple like a sudoku app but they charge you $500 a week after the first week trial. The idea is that people won't pay attention to what they're agreeing to (no one reads the TOS) or parents will let their kids download games on their phone. The person downloads the game and forgets its there, or the kids don't mention it to their parents, and then suddenly they get hit with a $500 charge they legally agreed to technically. Hopefully they are monitoring their credit cards or they might get hit with 4 of those charges before the credit card bill closes. 
A workout app/game. A full story line with a hero that levels you certain stats as you workout. Do pushups and your hero gets stronger, run more to level up your dexterity, etc.

You'll have to train to fight bosses and get through the story. 
Unfortunately no. You either completely unblock the domain or you move that device to a different DNS server and lose the benefits of pihole.

For telemetry take a list at

https://wally3k.github.io

And pick the block lists you'd like from there. 
Whoa man. This is reddit. You're supposed to hate your country and love Canada. 
That probably has something to do with their conscription policy and that it's her home. 
And apparently not Israeli 
It does to an extent. Your home location is based on your billing address but each device is based off a combination of GPS and IP geolocation. For example: My work computer in San Antonio thinks it's in Maryland because we VPN in to our main office in Maryland. 
Not directly. You can add them to your Google family which will allow them to use it for 3 months before going to a "limited" mode. 
The app I use to track TV shows has the listed 
Those are the titles of the episodes. No descriptions yet just the titles. 
Bash is awesome don't get me wrong, Powershell was built based on BASH. I haven't found a bash command for sendkeys but I also hadn't really looked that hard. 
Np. Not all of the cmdlets work on Linux but SendKeys does. 
Powershell is open-source. It's works on Linux.

I have it running on my Linux mint laptop 
Do a Powershell script with SendKeys 
You bastard. 
Go back and reread. 
You need car insurance because a car is a 4000lb death machine that has become so critical in our society that it's nearly impossible to actually function without using one for 1 or more hours a day. And there's hundreds of millions of other people who are also using a 4000lb death machine aswell.

Compare that to guns which are a death machine used almost exclusively for recreation (excluding military and police) in controlled locations. The chances of someone accidently getting hurt by a gun are significantly lower than someone getting accidently hurt by a car.

Your anology is moot. 
What do I need gun insurance for? For when my gun goes and accidently shoots someone? 
Micro transactions aren't inherently bad. Take a look at games like Warframe which offer thousands of hours of content for free because of completely optional micro transactions. 
The Red Circle club was probably one of the best sequences in film history. 
Ha. OK then. You have fun with that 
You seem to really lack basic comprehension.

I said buying passwords is easy. But since you want to get into that yes cracking passwords is easy, but if you have hashes to crack. It's clear that you have no concept of how any of this works so trust those of us that work in security for a living.

Having an app to give you 2FA is more secure then having the code sent to your email or over text. 
Sure. For hundreds of dollars plus shipping. And then you have to hope they're not locked 
Do you really not understand this?

I can buy your password. I can buy 1000 username and passwords off jokersstash for $5, with a 98% guarantee. It's way way easier for me to get your username and password then it is to try and get your phone. 
Sure. But to steal your phone I have to be near you. I can be on the other side of the world and log into your email 
The same way you gain access to anything. You get their password. If I buy your username and password and log into your email account, then try to log into steam if steam sends the 2FA code to the email account that I logged into then I now can get passed the 2FA
There are viruses that will intercept keystrokes. So the virus could intercept him entering the key, provide him with an error but provid the hacker with the actual key that they can use quickly to log in.

Still not a problem with Steam Guard. 
He didnt. The IRS doesn't really care. But lifelock wouldn't pay for the damages because he didn't take appropriate steps to safeguard it. 
Boil em mash em stickem in a stew 
How famous does someone have to be to get a Star? Because however famous you have to be I'd imagine Mark Hamill has been that famous for a long time. 
use.opendns.com
Try changing your DNS. 
This is why reputable VPNs need to become more mainstream. Go right past ISP blocks. 
As the episode winds to a close I feel the need to once again ask.

"What the fuck did I just watch?" 
Or do you? 
*teleports behind you

Let's do this kid 
Oh fuck yeah. Set up some watermelons and 2 litres and let's do it!
No the changes should be instant. 
If it's right it'll work.

Ip address: 10.0.0.5

Gateway: 10.0.0.1

Network prefix length: 24

Dns 1: 8.8.8.8

Dns 2: 8.8.4.4
Replace 255.255.255.0 with 24
One by one
10.0.0.5, 10.0.0.1, 255.255.255.0, 8.8.8.8, 8.8.4.4
Yes. But that's a new concurrent contract to the one you're on 
There is nothing that says you can't.

The AFI says it can't make the shape of the uniform dishapen

And to anyone that tell you not to tell them that the AFI says you can't change the functionality of the uniform. The pockets are functional so not using them would change the functionality. 
You don't have to have 4 years remaining. You have to have 4 years available. So as long as you can do another 4 years you can do it.
I remember reading a study someone posted a long while ago that said changing your eating schedule affects your sleep patters. So try that. 
Here's my opinion on this.

If you have a scumbag that isn't saluting because they don't think you deserve it then calling them out isn't going to fix that.

If they're a good Airmen and just happened to not be paying attention then it was just a mistake and calling them out isn't going to make them better since they're usually good. 
There's technically no set distance. The 6 paces concept is a general suggestion but the actual regulation says from a distance where you can be easily heard. 
Let's talk about that damn sword for a second. Do any of these neckbeards realize just how impractical it would be to try and fight with that thing? It's probably heavy and difficult to swing and you need a ton of clearance or it'll just get caught on everything. 
Did you forget the ^/s? 
Sure. But GOTY is also objectively measured. For instance I can't agree that Botw is GOTY since I never played it. It wasn't my GOTY since it can't be. 
And what determines good? Good is an abstract measuremeny of morality not quality. 
I just keep a VPN on hot key. If there's a site I want to get to I'll throw the VPN on, go to the site, then turn the VPN off when I leave. 
!remindme 24h
If you go to the paragraph above that it says while in formation.

So you can stand or walk wit your hands in your pockets as long as you're not officially "fallen in". 
It sorta does now. If it thinks something is the correct answer then it will usually display it in a preview window at the top of the results. 
It doesn't cast in the sense of Chromecast. All it really does is tell the FireTv to load a video. Basically a remote control, but thus means that you won't be able to "cast" anything that not readily available on the Fire TV 
I realized after my comment when I saw the rank. He's either Army or Marines, probably army as the Marines still wear the choco chip uniforms. 
Got you fam: 

https://i.pinimg.com/736x/a2/92/e6/a292e6b0786a581e9b5c180e32072a56--fandom-tattoos-tattoos-lotr.jpg
Mercenaries playground of destruction if you want to go Old School, Red Faction Guerilla for last Gen, just cause 3 for this gen 
Probably not 
That's a bit of one sided logic. Clearly the person who says "I was hit as a child and I'm ok" and thinks is ok to hit children is going to think they turned out fine. 
Too bad the Air Force just enacted very strict and unclear hazing rules. This will probably get takes down within the week when the janitor complains about it. 
I was looking at cylances website a little bit ago. Do they sell a regular AV that you can get without needing a business account? 
How? What syntax did you use to get Google to stream it? I can get home to see it but not cast it. 
I can get Google home to see the cameras but I can't get it to actually cast them to the TV 
I was hoping we could change the mode and see most recent recordings.  
Too bad it seems to only work with the Pros+

The original Arlo cameras aren't supported yet it seems. 
Intersetingly enough that domain seems to have serious battery drain issues on Kindle Fires: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/kindlefire/comments/7nal4a/kindle_telemetry_and_battery_drain/

If you block it the devces will contiuously spam connections and not allow the Kindle Fires to sleep causing battery drain.  On an echo you'll probably just see a minimal increase in electricity usage as the echo won't be able to go to sleep. 

If you have a Fire tablet unblock it for your batter life, otherwise there seems to be no harm in leaving it blocked.  
Why do people not like Cylance? 
Bitdefender. Consistently ranks 2nd to Kaspersky in credible tests. I won't recommend Kaspersky. 
Maybe modify the robots.txt file to keep Google from parsing it as well. 
Heavy Rain. Almost all the main characters can die and it's not as free form as they let on. There are a few scripted sequences where you can't actually lose. But you'd have no way of knowing unless you played the game before. 
"I don't know, but I want to."
Alpha Protocol is so good. If you play a stealth pistol guy the game is rediculous easy. The only advice I have is to play on Pc. Since the game is built in unreal you can simply modify the ini file to make the guns more accurate. 
Blue Chicken Alfredo Pizza 
You won't. It's actually just sad. Really really sad. I dated a girl that was lured into the MLM lifestyle. She got into all of the posting constantly, spamming people, spending tons of money and never getting it back, she lost her friends, money, lifestyle. She never went out and did anything anymore, all her time was spent trying to sell. She was in massive debt. 
If I'm learned anything as an adult it's that being able to admit you're wrong is the first step to true intelligence 
In all honesty that was pretty impressive 
I like you 
>it usually ends up in bad PR

I would say every time you call someone out like this it is good PR. More people will check your game out based on your morals then you'll lose from PR. I've never heard of your game but after seeing this you'd best believe I'm going to check it out. 
Depends on what you mean by practical I suppose. Its not great for concealed carrying. It's very good at stopping someone. 
Heck Yea. I used to do rotating 3 and 4 day 12 hour shifts. It was awesome to always have a 3 or 4 day weekend. 
I'll take small victories where I can get them 
Np. Let me know if it solves your wifi dropping issues. 
10.0.0.5, 10.0.0.1, 255.255.255.0 or 24 (not sure which it wants specifically), 8.8.8.8, 8.8.4.4
Yes. That's the company that makes AR-15. Armalite rifle 15.
Your ISP misunderstood your request.

There's two different types of IPs. A public IP (this is controlled by your ISP) and private IP (controlled by you). What you need to do I'd to assign a static private IP.

Honestly the Comcast rep should have figured this was what you were asking for.

On your Fire go to settings - Wi-Fi. Find the Wi-Fi you're connected to and press on it until the option to modify comes up. Hit show advanced and you can assign it a static IP from there.

If you don't know what to put in those fields go to your computer, open command prompt, and type

>ipconfig

Paste the results of that command here and I can help you. 
Three solutions.

First. Have separate profiles on the Pc.

Second. Have separate users in Chrome.

Third. Use one browser for her and a different one for you. 
>I work from home

That's something a MLM would say :) ^/s
Howdy. I'm the guy that answered that question in the original discussion.

This is a tad bit of an difficult question to answer. Do you have a computer? If so open command prompt and type

>ipconfig

Past the results here and I'll be able to tell you what to put in your device for the static IP. 
Not really the question. 
I mean if you want a sample just ask for the sample. There's plenty of us that know how to get them. 
Oh good. Please tell me how to get a tax right off for Facebook 
TIL. I'm by no means a tax expert. I just get a W2
It's a form that you get for miscellaneous income. Commonly you get them from interest earned in savings accounts, class action lawsuits, winnings from things that aren't lottery related, etc. 
I doubt it. It's probably a 1099ez. 
While made for generic Android the Amazon Fire tablets run on Android so this guide is still applicable.

https://www.techrepublic.com/article/how-to-set-a-static-ip-address-on-android/
I disagree. I used to be a nice guy. Yea I wanted to be with the girl but I also cared about her. I wanted her to be happy and thought I was the only one that could do that for her. Of course I was wrong and my attempts at making her happy were just making it awkward and her uncomfortable. Sex was never something that crossed my mind. 
I WoRkEd WiTh A gIrL tHaT wOuLd CaPiTaLiZe EvErY oThEr LeTtEr. FuCk Me ThIs ToOk So LoNg To TyPe. 
Yup. SMS-Staff Management did it when I was a seasonal employee working at an Amazon warehouse. I was one of the lucky ones that got direct deposit enabled but some of my friends worked there for 4+ months being paid on a debit card that charged 8¢ every time you used it. They tried getting direct deposit but the staffing company just didn't care enough to actually process the applications 
I'm sure there are plenty of people who want to get laid in the friendzone but if your only intention is sex then you generally don't stay in the friendzone. You generally move on.

People that stay in the friendzone usually generally do care about they other person, they just care too much. 
This is fantastic. I love the story telling with each example 
Apple's campaign about Macs not getting viruses.

Or Apple's other campaign about painless internal upgrades. 
I need a work stories post about all the creative things people have done with the shop shopping carts. 
Depends. You could probably do it with a combination of different metals 
r/iamverysmart
I would assume that if you recieved CP and promptly deleted it, and never went back to try and view the material again you'd be fine. You might get a stern talking to but probably not any legal ramifications. 
It's not as easy as you think to frame someone. File modification times are only one part of forensics. 
It's a federal crime to see child pornography and not report it.

I've been in this situation several times working in IT and forensics from several years. I've never been in any legal trouble for seeing the stuff because I immediately called the local FBI office and filed a report. 
Everyone is commenting about the 2 phones, but does no one keep an older phone around in case their main one breaks? 
I used to have 3 cell phones. One 1 was activated, but two were older phones that we kept incase one broke. 
>I'm happy to say that was 10 years ago and thinks [things] are much better now...

Sounds a bit like it. I'm curious if the son ever paid you back. 
Maybe one was an older phone that they didn't trade in for an upgrade 
Unblock him, challenge him to hack you, post to r/hacking and r/masterhacker, profit 
It's not a real thing. There are some concepts in networking called IPSec (ip security) which encryptes the contents of your network traffic to make it harder for crackers to understand when they intercept it.

Encryption doesn't make your computer harder to hack remotely. What it does is protects the data on the disk so if someone took your hard drive they couldn't decipher anything on it without your key. 
Right? Like what the hell is he referring to? Is he talking about IPSEC? 
You would do well on r/masterhacker
Jesus man, eye exams. I just had one a few days back. I thought it was a joke when they said you'll be a bit photosensitive, but holy crap. I couldn't open my eyes outside without those glasses on. It was too bright. 
Yup. I have am email that's first.last.mi, not connected to anything but the handful of job sites I apply through. 
I was with my three years old in a play jungle gym (one of the big ones that uses overlapping belts to as floors). I couldn't go in it because I was over the weight limit and wasn't going to put my daughter at risk of the floor breaking.

That day was my turn around point. 
I think it's somewhat based off that creepy pasta. Each season seems to be a spin on a creepy pasta. 
I didn't even make it past the first scene with the Flys on all the rotten human remains 
This has gotta be satire. No one can be this stupid right? 
It checks device-metrics-us.amazon.com (provided your in the US).

But if I'm reading this right the issue isn't with the kindle it's with the broadcast. The Kindle should, and I haven't actually tested this but every other wireless device works this way, near constantly send out a request to see if a known SSID Is nearby.

It sounds like the SSID on the Linux laptop isn't actually broadcasting properly, or isn't responding to broadcast requests. 
r/titlegore
My problem with it is that it looks like a very unpolished game. I get they're trying to solve a lot of the rpg problems but it looks like the core of the game just isn't solid 
Is that game any good? I've been debating it but it looks clunky and awkward 
That damn cave before you get the NVG 
Haha. My bad. 
Thanks for your submission, unfortunately despite your submission there are well documented instances of Apple maps giving bad directions. 
Everytime I read things like this I think to myself, do we really want mass shooters to have practice on a range? Do we really want them to be more accurate?
Interesting. I didn't know that. Thanks. 
I'm pretty sure Kinder Eggs are legal in the states now. I keep seeing "Kinder Surprises" at Target. 
They were pulled back in 2015. When they were pulled they sold them for $400 a piece. That's a steal for an AR-15. 
Walmart stopped selling AR-15s back in 2015. They had a huge sale to get rid of them and were selling them for about $400. I know people that bought 3 or 4 cause they're normally $1200-1600.
The only thing I wish lite still kept was the Chat heads. Get rid of the rest of the junk but the chat heads are useful 
Sorta. It also only works with Google numbers. I have my regular phone number through T-Mobile and a work number my company registered in Google Voice. I used to have both my Tmobile number, my work number, and hangouts all in one app. It would seemlessly be one conversation regardless of what method I was using to communicate. I could switch numbers with 2 simple presses and continue the conversation.

Now I have to use a regular SMS app for my personal Tmobile number and hangouts for my Google Voice work number.
9to5google just looked at the messages app the other day and said it's supposed to be getting the Allo like abilities, including a web interface

Http://9to5google.com/2018/02/09/android-messages-2-9-apk-insight-teardown/
It is kinda an impressive flip. 
Yes. But also know that this doesn't always apply. If someone starts shit in public solve it then don't wait until you have a private moment to solve it. 
I went to see Black Panther yesterday and had a lovely conversation about with black teenage and his white girlfriend about the Marvel Cinamatic Universe. 
I didn't JROTC 4 years in high school as well. The most recruiting I ever saw was newly graduated ROTC Officers who came around to talk to use about continuing the program in college. It's actually the reason I went to college. I had a great mentor from my JROTC SASI, he helped me apply, get accepted, and get scholarships.
JROTC isn't a military recruitment program. It's goal is to "Develop better citizens" and its a high school program so 14-18. 
Depends. If I write their performance reports and have the authority to say whether or not they continue their employment then yes, they do work for me 
The term cyber was used long before the current president. I'll leave you with this.

If you're truly a ops lead perhaps you should take some classes on leadership, cause if you're this arrogant at work it's a wonder everyone hasn't quit. 
Network security != network admin.

You'd think a "devops lead" would know that. But I guess not. Oh well. Shame really we desperately need intelligent people in Cyber.
Aw look r/iamverysmart material. I'm not about to get into a dick measuring contest with you. My point was that Comp Sec degrees are becoming more popular because yes the industry is huge and lacking talent. In 2016 Cisco did a study and said there was going to be a 10,000 person deficit as quickly as 2010. And I know Comptia certs are pointless, I've had a few and they're very much teach you to pass the test not to actually learn anything. My point was that there are Comp Sec degrees that go through practical things.

You claim the Cisco example is bad but I've had Comp Sci friends that I've had to teach to read a damn packet and use Wireshark. Your Comp Sci degree doesn't mean shit in network security if you can't read a packet.

For having a "6 figure salary" you seem to have terrible reading comprehension. 
Wow! Now watch the HOA come in and say it's not allowed. 
Not true. I've work in Network security for many years. Comp Sci degrees are great but half of it isn't applicable. It doesn't matter if you understand theoretical algorithms of AI base network expansion if you don't know how to secure a Cisco router.

It really depends on your job. Cyber security or computer security degrees are gaining popularity because they're practical. They're less theoretically and more applicable. A good example is WGU. Their cyber security degree actually incorporates A+, Net+, Sec+, and Linux+, plus the certs to go with it. 
God I hate HPs. My wife bought two of them instead of listening to me and buying a surface pro for the same price. I have 5 years in network security but she chose to listen to her photographer friend who for kicked out of the military on incompetence 
My guess is rather CVS also has an agreement with whatever company they're promoting on the receipts. The company(ies) probably split the cost of the receipt paper. 
While I understand the protest I think the point is largely going to be missed. Do these women really think that their senator opens all their own mail? No some poor PA is going through the mail, compiling it into easy to understand digests and briefing the senator on the issues. At most the senator will hear about this but it'll probably never actually reach them. 
Depends. Some things aren't easy to understand. Even after years doing this stuff I still have issues understanding some people's write up of things. 
Wut? There's no limitations to hashing locally. Hell all I have to type is md5sum < whatever and I can get an MD5. Or I just download hashcalc and get all the hashes at the same time.

The limitation is there's no way tor verify if the hash you submitted is a legitimate nude photo hash or if it's just a hash of a photo of your ex gf that you don't want her to post. 
Yes; however, there's a concept called ssdeep or fuzzy hash which checks how similar bytes are and generates a hash for that. So two things could have the same ssdeep hash if they share enough bytes. 
That's the thing about freedom of speech. It only protects people from the government. A restaurant kicking someone out isn't a violation of free speech. 
I won't comment on (a) but I disagree with (b). If someone is making people uncomfortable then the restaurant absolutely has the right to kick them out. 
That's smart and makes a lot of sense. The independent "company" I worked for was litterally just a guy and a small shop so he probably didn't have a legal team to advise him of things like that, and God knows I wasn't old enough to think of things like that. 
My wife is so bad with computers that I can always tell when she's used my house computer. One of the monitors is turned off. 
I used to work in tech support. In the big store we had a standing policy to factory reset the device if we didn't get a password. When I worked for a small independent company (ie. Not a large chain like Geeksquad) we made the customer sign a waiver saying if they forgot to provide the password and didn't answer our calls we'd go through it. 
"Fuck Trump" and then showed a middle finger on the back that said something "racist asshole" 
Presumably you'd be surrendering when the police arrived and they'd discover later your gun was never fired.

But you bring up an excellent point I want to take a moment to discuss. Firstly I'm about as pro responsible gun ownership as it's gets. I think every US citizen that isn't a fellon should have the right to conceal carry with the proper training. But I also think there are times when telling people they can't carry is a good thing. Take the Vegas shooting for instance. The shooter was well above the preceedings, the sound was echoing off building, people were in disarray. It was chaos. Thankfully people weren't allowed to bring firearms with them. If they had the death toll would have been so much higher. Think about what would have halloween when someone drew their gun to defend themselves, or when multiple people did. People start seeing others with guns drawn and still can't identify the real shooter. Now people are shooting at each other because they think everyone else with a gun is the shooter. The death toll would have been catastrophic.

It's one of the reasons that I won't draw to defend something like a restaurant or store. I don't want someone else in the vicinity to think I'm the gunmen when in reality I'm trying to stop the gunmen. 
Read a few comments down above the 3006/7/8 signs 
Huh. Upon further inspection it appears it is. Well my bad then. Sorry. 
It depends on if there's a 3006 sign or not. A 3006 is criminal trespassing. 
I will make it legal.
Final Fantasy Brave Exvius. It definitely has micro transactions but I've played for 2 years and never spent a cent. They are extremely generous in the amount of premium currency they give out. 
Deus Ex. 
They were like animals. And he smashed them like animals....


Wait fuck. 
That was going to be my fallback if it came to it, I just figured with all the crazy things people use RPIs for I figured someone must have seen or heard of a wall mounted case. 
That's kinda not the point. A business is perfectly within their rights to say they don't want guns on their premises concealed or otherwise. 
Ideally something like this TEK-CAM3: Your Raspberry Pi + Camera Module Case (Pi3, Pi2, and B+) - Black https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01H1BIE2Q/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_hunGAb4Y2EWGH

But wall mountable. 
Depends on the sign. If it's a 3006 sign then he can't even carry concealed. 
It's actually criminal trespassing. They could have called the police and had him arrested. 
I agree. I have a CCL and it's legal to open carry in Texas, but I still won't do it. Along with most places prohibiting open carry it just makes you the biggest target in the room. 
Do you have any examples? 
I need some more information. When you say you have Kodi installed did you install Jessi first and then Kodi? Or did you use the OpenElec install option in Noobs? 
Assuming he's using the default Kodi installer/distro that won't work.
We need some more details.

When you attempt to connect and it fails what does it say? 
It's possible by turning the pi into a bridge. You won't get good speeds. You'd still run into the issue of how to do connect to the device? If it doesn't have Wi-Fi and there's no ethernet port how will you connect the pi to it.

A easier solution will probably be to buy an rj45 to USB adapter 
The sharp drops seems to be 24-26. 10% decline in 2 years 
I feel really bad for the poor sap that has to write this out for reddits volunteer transcript 
55% sugar? Sounds good to me! 
Whoa. You crossed a line there. Nutella is amazing. 
Good human 
I have no idea. Apparently some form on cleaning product? 
I should think that you Jedi would have more respect for the difference between knowledge and... heh heh heh... wisdom
Jesus, how many flags does this guy have. I count at least 9 so far. 
Fear was the game that got worse with every version. The PC version was great, the Xbox360 version was alright, the PS3 version was unplayable.

But God damn was the game fun. 
That's what VMs are for 
That's why you block it. You don't remove it.

Love the downvotes. If you block the traffic you spend less time trying to remove programs that come back with every update and you just prevent them from reaching out. 
Man I used to love this phrase. Granted I heard it from an ex special forces guy. When he said it it sounded cool. He also said it to some dick bag on campus. 
Is it possible to learn this ability 
Sorry. I can't put you in the chat we discuss business sensitive matters at times.

Allo works very much like Groupme except it has some neat features like loading preview images of the webpage in the chat, loading YouTube videos, Google Assistant integration.

One of the things I really like about it, and Idk if this is just android, but if you don't have the app installed it pops up a notification. Not an annoying notification just a small overlay on the very top of the screen with the comment. 
Allo? Yea. My work group uses it. 
I used to use Groupme but got freakin tired of people blowing up my phone before I had the app. Now I use Allo. 
Cast it into the fire! Destroy it! NERROLKENNNNNNNNNNNN! 
According to Global Knowledge (the company that created the Ethical Hacker certification) in order to be ethical you must have written permission expressly detailing what you are and are not allowed to do. 
>I know it's not a huge deal

Sorry but it is. This is absolutely a huge deal and 100% not acceptable behavior. You could completely push for a law suit if you wanted especially if there's no HR. 
I've seen people do crazy shit because they disagreed with someone. 
I'm both appreciative of the data and the fact that you were only working with a relatively small amount of money. 
I used to believe I was smarter than 90% of people around me. Then I entered the working world and realized that knowing random facts didn't make you smart. Now I work with people and frequently say "if I just had 10% of that guy's brain power" 
Sorry 
That I didn't know. Thank you for informing me. I knew it was a civilian company but I thought the military paid them to come up with it. Perhaps they merely paid them to adapt it. 
>the military increases the risk of being raped

Do you have any peer review research to support that claim? Or are simply drawing assumptions from the fact that military rape makes headlines more frequently than civilian rape? 
I thought it was hilarious. I also thought it was funny that within 1 minute of being in a chat it was sent to me. Sadly I just laughed and deleted the message 
That would be great 
No. My opinion is that we need to treat rape as seriously as it was intended to be treated. There are only a few things in the UCMJ that are punishable by death; desertion in front of the enemy, abandoning your post during war, treason, etc. Most of the things that are punishable by death are that way because they put peoples lives in direct risk. Rape is also there, meaning that the original authors of the UCMJ felt it was just as serious as these others and should be treated as such. 
I also specifically said I'm not advocating for it. I'm saying the UCMJ is pretty clear on what should happen. 
Sure. And I'll agree to that point that it's difficult to truly get statistics I am going off of currently published statistics. 
https://www.bjs.gov/index.cfm?ty=dcdetail&iid=245

This study conducted over 40 years of data shows men are raped at approximately 38%. While yes this is still a 12% difference from an equal fifty when you factor in that men are less likely to report then women are that 12% decreases. 
Those aren't the same thing. I believe you man get reported and covered up.

Amd the answer to that is I don't know. But that's a faulty comparison because if you're going to assume that it gets covered up in the military then you also need to assume it gets covered up in the civilian world as well. 
>because it is mostly made of men

You seem to be mistakenly believe that men can't be raped. Statistically (when you factor in a conservative number for the unreported) men are raped at roughly the same average as females.

I never said it wasn't a prevalent problem. It's 100% a prevalent problem because we are supposed to be better than that.

And again where did I downplay the affect it had on each person?

The military culture by and large isn't the problem. The difference isn't that the military encourages it. The difference is in the very nature of how the military exists. In corporate America a rape/sexual assault scandal can cost a company millions if they ignore it, or don't handle it properly (see Uber). In the military there's no board of directors making sure the company doesn't lose money. There's leaders who have strategic objectives to meet. Those leaders want to be promoted so they don't enforce their power because Airman Doe is a star performer and helps contribute to those objectives.
I don't have exact numbers for that but it does happen. I'm also unsure how that's in any way relevant. 
That's what CFD, NCIS, and OSI are for. We need to get away from the presumption of guilt on both sides. 

We can't assume the victim is lying and we can't assume the accused is guilty.  We need to stay neutral, get the members help, and let OSI do it's job. 
Want to add one more on there a SAPR is a non required reporter. 
Green dot / Red dot is a new program the Air Force recently spent millions of dollars hiring a company to create and teach. Essentially it's a framework to try and address any issue from Sexual assault to domestic abuse to obsessive drinking, etc.

The principle is that there are red dot behaviors (bad things) and when we see them we need to do a green dot behavior (good thing) to try and stop them. 

It's good for a couple of reasons. It no longer assumes that every person must be Superman. In the past the teaching was if you see something bad go barge in and intervene. See a girl obviously drunk at a party being taken by a guy. Go get involved and tell that guy to get lost. Don't worry about the fact that that guy is 6'2" 350lbs of solid muscle and your a scrawny desk jockey. The Green Dot training provides otherways to deal with these situations. Go get a friend, make a distraction, talk to the victim not the perpetrator, call the police, etc. They finally realize that not everyone is brave enough to charge into a potentially dangerous situation to save someone.

It also stopped teaching "all males are rapists". We've heard that for so long, in fact the Air Force at one point didn't consider female on male rape as rape. Women were always victims and men were always perpetrators. Even after studies came out that said men are roughly as likely to be raped and significantly less likely to report it

The problem is that no one really takes the training seriously. We've all been so conditioned to the old way that most people just ignore Green Dot because they assume it's going to be the old system.

The other people is in the way its presented. The Air Force is so concerned with offending anyone that they don't want to call things sexual assault or rape. They try to make jokes during what should be a serious presentation. They try to get you to post about green dot on Facebook and Twitter, they want you to hashtag things. The first year they asked us all to go on Facebook and post "Just had Greendot training and it didn't suck #greendot"

The Air Force is trying all these different ways to get around the root of the problem. The root of the problem isn't that members are raping each other. That's a problem yes, but it statistically happens less in the military than in the civilian world, but it's not the root of the problem. The root of the problem is ineffective leadership. Article 120 of the UCMJ says a member may be punished by death for rape. I'm not advocating for killing everyone but if Commanders took comments seriously and used the full extent of their authorities we could deal with the issue. 
Idk man. I wear my seat belt all the time anyways but after hearing the shit ER may have to do to save you I'm glad I wear it. 
I remember reading a book years ago called "An Officers guide to etiquette" one if the parts of it talked about a male officer is never supposed to extend his hand for a handshake with a female. If the female wants to shake hands then she will extend her hand first. This was because you don't want to be accused of reaching for the female member.

I fully believe the old way of teaching anti sexual harassment caused this.

The thing is though, the military is very clear on Rape. Article 120 clearly states that Rape is punishable by death. If the military just held to its own rules I don't think we'd have this issue for long. 
I'm excited about this but I feel like they made some mistakes earlier.

They announced its completely directes by a female, which itself isn't bad, but now if they fail to make this fantastic its going to look bad on female directors. 
I use Ubuntu as my daily driver. The only reason I boot into windows now is to play games 
King of hearts

Warhammer 40k please. 
So who's better now. Tilith or Ayaka? 
Yea, but you need to figure out what a tool is actually for. There's a lot of tools. It can take some time. 
Exactly. Law of the jungle? You mean where you travel in groups to not get eaten by a predator. 
Is there a system in place to prevent a re-upload of the image. Such as an MD5/SHA3 blacklist? 
I worked in ONT2 (Ontario CA). I started in STOW, then went to docks, then recieve, then palate Stow, then tote wrangle, water spider, pack, SLAM, problem solver, and then pick. I left when I got moved into pick because the rate was rediculous and the pathing the system used was terrible. It had me going between second and third floor constantly. I had different rates for each job, some as high as 250 an hour, some around 84 an hour. 
Nice! I've been slowly adding more smart devices to my house over the last few months and was litterally thinking of trying to do something like this. I was going to get a touch screen and a wall mount and mount it somewhere for control of the house. 
We let problem solve deal with it to. MANSLAM was really reserved for if the SLAM machines weren't working, but sometimes they'd handle kick outs too 
We had a hamster and my parents were cleaning the cage so my brother and I were playing with it in a small area on the floor. I got distracted by something and lost sight of the hamster. When I moved my knees to stand up I didn't realize it was crawling on me and I crushed the hamster between my knees. 
Right. I talked about this in another comment further down. The difference between SLAM and MANSLAM. 
Sure. If you want to take the risk and manage it yourself. Personally I don't have the time to learn the ins and outs of the stock market and I don't really want to have to manage it. So I'm comfortable with the historical +15% 
The G fund is for people who are close to retirement and don't have a lot of time to make up risk if something goes wrong. 
Wut
AWS. Amazon's profits from their web hosting service was over $15B last year.

Their actual sales pretty much never make profit. 
Called SIOC, ship in own container. 
It depends on the part of pack. Multismall is 250, single small is ~180. Single Large is ~84.

The position before multismall sort is totewrangle. They're supposed to do 110 totes an hour. 
Not directly. You can technically pack it in any box. There's a group after pack called SLAM where they put the shipping label on the box. At slam the box gets weighed. If it doesn't match the expected weight it gets kicked off the line for MANSLAM where it's manually reviewed. Some manslammers will just kick it back to the packer to do correctly, but more often then not they'd call a problem solver to open the package up and override the system. 
I worked there. He's right. We scan the item, a screen says a box size like 1A7, we hit the auto tape button which dispenses water activated tape long enough for that box, we grab dunage and stuff it in the box. The dunage isn't as automatic but the rest it. 
True or not I can tell you that's certainly not what they care about at an Amazon distribution center. 
The system marks some things as SIOC (ship in own container). I've had vinyl records get marked as SIOC before.

The system recommends certain things and largely all the associates are so busy trying to make the insane rate that they don't really care. 
What he said, but if you don't want to try and find an illegal key to VMware you can use VirtualBox. It has most of the features of VMware but is free and allows things like snapshots for free so you can exploit and reset easily.

You definitely need the ability to do snapshots. Otherwise you'll have to completely rebuild the system when (not if) you break it. 
Microsoft provides all their telemetry indicators so it's safe to say yes. However I'd caution you about using lists without auditing them. I've found that a lot of "Windows block lists" take the mentality of "everything Microsoft is bad". One of the block lists I was using blocked domains like MSDN and technow. So just make sure you check what's actually in the list. It's easy enough to egrep the list for Microsoft|windows|bing|cortana etc and find exactly what's being blocked. 
>Apple wants to lock you into that ecosystem

In other news. Water is wet and the Sun is hot. Anyone that didn't realize Apple was going to do this really needs to look at Apple's history.

I am genuinely surprised with the privacy concerns regarding no vocal recognition. That seems like a glaring obvious error, and from the "last company to value user privacy" no less. 
How can one be on reddit and not be a shitposter 
I remember when these were the hot things back in MW2/Gear of War 2 Era. You could pay some online companies to "pimp your Xbox" and they'd do things like adding extra LEDs, adding screens, weird attachments, etc. 
Powerline adapters depend on a few things. First the adapter itself. You can get some that support up to 1Gb per second. Your house's electrical wiring also has a factor. Older electrical or really large houses will have some degradation. And crossing breakers can cause some issues. It seems like people either say they don't work at all or work great. I've tried them in 4 houses, including one built over 60 years ago, and have always gotten between 3/4th to full network speeds. 
I've only ever heard stories about people doing it. I really want to see if it's true but I'm not wrecking something that costs more than I make in a year. 
Where I grew up in Southern California the lift was called a jack. 
That could be a problem. The reason they don't work on a surge protector is because they use the electrical wiring to transfer internet signal. The surge protector doesn't directly connect to the electrical wiring in your house.

Out of curiosity why is the socket not accessible? Would it be possible to plug into a different socket and run a longer ethernet cord? 
The only part of changing a tire I've ever heard people have difficulty with is getting the jack in the right place. Supposedly if you put it in the wrong place you can punch a hole in your car. Never tried it. 
You must plug it directly into the socket, but some have a pass through so you can plug a power strip into them 
Don't forget all the security issues Intel is having right now. It seems like every time I turn around someone has found another vulnerability in Intel CPUs 
Nope. If it was you could find it on XDA
Pretty much anything competitive multiplayer. I'm garbage at it and my reaction times suck so I'm lucky if I can go 1:1.

Also World Building and Survival games. I love heavily modded minecraft but I hate the "this item has a 0.02% chance of dropping". I wind up just cheating the item in because I want to spend time using the things not trying to find the things I need to build the thing. 
I would expect it to be a very minimal fine if anything at all. 
Fortunately most people understand this and he'll get a very minimal fine if any at all. So at least there's so probably good news. 
I still have a Lenovo T500. I had to install Linux on it because it didn't have the hardware to run Windows 7 or higher. But it's still running strong. 
Fantastic Beasts felt like a really long episode of doctor who. But I agree it lacked that special something that captivated audiences again and again with the originals. Couple that with her obvious disdain for America and the need to make a political statement and it was just bad. 
It's clever but I don't really think there's any hacking involved here. The VMs allow you to do pretty much whatever you want for a short while.

It's creative, but not hacking. 
I can tell you want lurks in the back of my mind is the constant unending desire to take a nap. 
Yup. That's why I tried to go with something simple. What did I have the most fun with 
Sure. It's a buggy nightmare but did you love it more than anything else this year?
GOTY is a very simple metric when you break it down. What did I have the most fun playing? If that was an incomplete, poorly optimized, buggy nightmare then an incomplete, poorly optimized, buggy nightmare is GOTY. 
Because people disagree and think GOTY means it must be perfect. 
Because its fun. GOTY doesn't have to mean perfect. It just means it's the individuala favorite game that year. 
Thanks. I've done the ability awakenings a bit, I just didn't know they were called Enhancements. I do appreciate everyone's openness to help without condescending. 
Oh. OK. Thank you. 
What does enhanced mean? Why is it important? Sorry, don't follow the Japanese version much 
What does enh stand for? 
Step 1. Find a pi zero w for sale. 
Good to know. Thanks for the advice. I used to have an AM3 processor, one of the black series probably 5 years ago. I've got an i7 5820k, been looking at a Ryzen for me next build but haven't really had a reason to upgrade yet. 
Ah. OK. I hadn't looked up the prices 
Lovely. 
Shit? They charge for haircuts now? I remember when they just lopped it all off in like 10 seconds. 
Equip white gems in your armor slots to get bonus xp. I'm assuming you're on the last mission of Act 3. You can easily level in act 4 by intentionally failing the fortress defenses and then doing each mission to recruit/eliminate the orcs and Captains. Plus retaking a fortress gives way more xp then just defending one. 
Other than it's missing S comment about the GPU although it looks like one is there why is it a slap? I didn't check the prices of the parts yet. 
Thanks. I try. 
I'm going to ask you to provide actual cases where that's proven.

I on the other hand will provide this from Nintendo, who I'm sure paid an obscene amount of money to get their lawyers to make sure it's rock solid.

https://www.nintendo.com/corp/legal.jsp

>Can I Download a Nintendo ROM from the Internet if I Already Own the Authentic Game?

>There is a good deal of misinformation on the Internet regarding the backup/archival copy exception. It is not a "second copy" rule and is often mistakenly cited for the proposition that if you have one lawful copy of a copyrighted work, you are entitled to have a second copy of the copyrighted work even if that second copy is an infringing copy. The backup/archival copy exception is a very narrow limitation relating to a copy being made by the rightful owner of an authentic game to ensure he or she has one in the event of damage or destruction of the authentic. Therefore, whether you have an authentic game or not, or whether you have possession of a Nintendo ROM for a limited amount of time, i.e. 24 hours, it is illegal to download and play a Nintendo ROM from the Internet.



And before you says "That only says its illegal to download them off the internet. It's fine if you make the rom yourself." here's Nintendos lawyers on that.

>Are Game Copying Devices Illegal?

>Yes. Game copiers enable users to illegally copy video game software onto floppy disks, writeable compact disks or the hard drive of a personal computer. They enable the user to make, play and distribute illegal copies of video game software which violates Nintendo's copyrights and trademarks. These devices also allow for the uploading and downloading of ROMs to and from the Internet. Based upon the functions of these devices, they are illegal


!remindme in 24hours 
Right. She was way more polite then he deserved. 
Looks like it. 
Legally a store does not have the right to detain a person (false imprisonment) and once they leave the store they're outside of the stores jurisdiction. 
I thought all deodorants gave you down syndrome ^/s
While I understand the middle comment and it kinda sucks that we get judged on things like that you have to get with the times. Modern day people don't like smelling BO, that's what's generally accepted by society, so you're either with society or you're getting run over by it. 
Downvote away it doesn't really bother me. 
Honestly? I just Googled how to export Microsoft Edge history. It was the third or fourth answer down in a MSDN post about how to copy history from edge to internet explorer. 
The source is DMCA itself. Under DMCA it makes it illegal not just to actually bypass copyright protected material but to even attempt to bypass copyright protected material. Video games are copyright protected. So under DCMA you do not have a legal right to bypass the copyright protection on a game you own. You don't even have the right to attempt it. 
Under DMCA you're not. And that's why I'm not going to answer about emulators. 
I'm assuming you developed all those roms yourself as well, because otherwise you'd be in violation of DMCA (assuming you're in America). 
The thing is that Google doesn't really have control over if a name server somewhere got compromised. At the end of the day Google is a business. If they lose customers because their tools are too slow then they've lost. A perfect example of trading security for functionality is Android. It was originally designed as a series of individual VMs for every app. Apps couldn't talk to each other or interact with each other (no copy paste). This would have been secure because it means a malicious app couldnt get your bank data. However we as the consumer demanded these features. So now Android is less secure than it was originally designed. 
You want to simply move a bunch of mobi files to a different folder? 
I'm assuming you're asking this either because you are developing a new retro PS2 game and you need something to test it on or you're simply curious is an emulator works. Because actually emulating a game is illegal and not something we can help you with. 
No. UAC is nice, but there are ways around it. You've already started the process for internet, this would just be part of the internet process. UAC might stop the malware from activation on the box but most Malware creators can get around UAC pretty easily. 
If all you're looking for is the history then check the xml file located at

C:\Users\username\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.MicrosoftEdge_8wekyb3d8bbwe\AC\#!00*\MicrosoftEdge\User\Default\DOMStore\*****\
Powerline adapters are fantastic. Many of them allow passthrough so you can plug something into them as well. You can use a surge protector strip to increase the number of outlets you have. They can be finicky though depending on your electrical wiring. I use two of opposite ends of my house and am able to stream steamlink online multiplayer in 1080p at 60 fps from my computer on the opposite end of the house to my steam link. 
The act of resolving the IP means that you're computer is making a DNS call out eventually to whatever name server supplies that domain. If that name server was compromised then it could be used to redirect or modify DNS requests to grab malicious files.
Short answer. No. Long answer: it's against the rules for me to tell to how to get around this.
Yes. It's technically possible but unlikely. Google chrome has recently introduced something called asynchronous DNS. This makes Google chrome begin to auto resolve URLs in all effort to speed up browsing. Theoretically the malware could use this.
Teleports behind you

Nothing personal kid
There was a certain tech and computer part website that still really popular and has a picture of an we egg that had an error in their shopping cart system. If you downloaded a local copy of the page and changed the price you could load the page and submit your order which would submit the modified price to the back end server. This server didn't check and would just accept the price. Now it checks.

Consequently you used to be able to modify the HTML of a page to show a new price for all item, print the page and bring it to the store to get them to price match. Now they look it up online.
First it's important to understand what the dark web actual is. By definition dark web or deep web is any database of information that you can't access through a regular search engine. This means Facebook posts are deep web information. Private forms are deep web information. I did one of these scans back before the Equafax incident. Basically all it showed me was information I could have gotten off of haveibeenpwnd 
Cicada 3301. A series of extremely elaborate puzzles that some say are a recruiting tool for a national government.
Neat. Good to know. I'll probably never use it because our pay rarely changes but it's still good to know
They allow that?
I've heard one horror story of someone's spouse who opted in because she was trying to check the LES and wasn't paying attention.
Yup. It's 4 acknowledgements, 5 clicks Total. But I've heard stories of people's spouses trying to see the LES and accidently opting their SO in to the BRS. 
Great! I'm glad I was able to solve your issue. 
Anyone ever have a Lt that actually knew their stuff and knew how to do the mission without being told?
I'm fortunate I never really had to deal with bullies, but I've seen some crazy shit. People getting their heads slammed into tables, stabbed in the next with a pencil, pinned to the ground and head bashed in. Sure standing up for yourself would be great but if the bully is bigger or stronger you could get seriously hurt or killed.
Y'all seem to be forgetting something. It can be relevant and clickbaity.
Do an unless filter
Holly shit. Laughing at rape victims, dehumanizing food service workers, telling people that rape victims should learn to just enjoy rape.

Please ask ricegump to kick some money my way.
Yeah. My kids use mine now. It's bloated, poor hardware, bad software, and ugly GUI.
I pretty much done use my fire anymore. I got a LG Tab 8 for free. So much better.
I realize that. But the title is still click bait. They informed a bunch of companies.  One of whom happened to be Chinese. They didn't exclusively warm Chinese companies first.
That's true. I was assuming that OP was talking about without sideloading Google Play 
Either way there isn't an official YouTube app on fire tablet. The best y get is a workable but not official YouTube app.
It's a l33t
You can't. Earlier this year Google pulled YouTube support for Amazon's Fire line of devices. This was in response to Amazon refusing to sell Chromecasts and Google Homes. 
Looks pretty l33t but you're not using hackos 
Awesome. Glad it worked for you. Not sure if it worked for OP but my guess is it did. 
Good bot 
Because the title is clickbait. They warned major manufacturers first. One of those was Lenovo which is Chinese. 
Needs more JPEG 
They don't develop their own version. They just create a user interface to go on top of it. 
If your Samsung device is over 2 years old I'd give up on hoping to get Oreo. 
I'd pay them more to not use the garbage Touch Wiz. 
Yes. LG V20. I'm pretty sure the phone was fried. It shut off and wouldn't turn on. Wouldn't even charge and a battery change did nothing.

LG replaced it at no charge to me. 
Samsung has been extremely against people rooting their devices since the S4. 
Security updates. Since the S3 Samsung has made their phones EoL the 2 year mark. Hardware wise the S3 is still a fine phone, but software wise it's almost 5 years behind security patches. Thankfully Lineage OS has kept it up-to-date 
Doubt it. Samsung has been extremely against rooting their phones since the S4 when they introduced Knox. 
Yo keep people from rooting the phone. Most people aren't going to factory reset their phone after they've spent time getting it how they like it. 
Front for anyone who's curious https://imgur.com/YwmJ6Tg
I think you're correct. I remember something about that 
I used to work at a major pizza place, and due to the terms of my NDA regarding it I can't state the name, I had this boss (H) who was so confrontational that he let employees steal from him and he just paid it back out of pocket. Anyways we had this employee (Gizmo (I'm using her nickname because she'll know of she reads this and I want her to realize how profoundly terrible she is)). She was arrested for child porn but released on parole a few years later (or at least we were told it was child porn). She reapplied to our store when she was released and my boss rehired her.

After that she became a force to be reckoned with. She played favorites, hired her friends, cut hours, forced people to come in on off hours to fix mistakes without pay, forced people to cover the register deficits out of their own pockets. We'd get spammed texts and were required to answer within 5 minutes (school, movies, datenight, sleeping at 2am it didn't matter.). We'd get called and immediately told to shut up so she could talk. My boss was such a pushover that he allowed her to make all those decisions, and corporate loved her because she got good numbers. This went on for at least 2 years. 

The straw that broke the camels back was when she told one employee not to come in this week because he didn't speak properly English to her. He said "aight" instead of alright. He called corporate and litterally every single employee except 1 came to complain. Several people even came in on their days off to complain.

Corporate simply moved her to a different store but she still came to our store to "hang out" with her girlfriend on her night shifts. Corporate didn't do anything about it even when she threatened to kill the employee who called corporate on her (she knew who it was). 
That's not the problem. The problem is they give you two keys but both are on a keyring that's welded shut. So why even give me 2 keys if I they have to stay together. 
About tre fiddy 
Code 42 Crashplan. I was on their personal license when they canceled it. So they gave me 75% off for a year. It costs me $2.50 a month to back up unlimited data forever 
Are you able to plug the pihole into the router, via a LAN cable? 
Something is taking the IP and it's not the pi. You need to set the pi ip to static. 
Your subnet mask is 255.255.255.0 and your gateway is 192.168.1.1
Cisco's OpenDNS servers. It uses Cisco's advanced Malware Protection engine and world class threat intelligence team (Talos) to block Malware related DNS queries. 
I haven't watched Woody in probably 5 years. Not since he "went pro" and started uploading garbage constantly. I still remember the video that made me quite watching him. He put a glowstick in the microwave and filmed it. At that point I realized his channel would never be the same, he was going to make junk videos just to inflate his view counts and get paid. 
That's called a stack overflow or sometimes a buffer overflow. At best the system crashes and you reboot. At worst it loads arbitrary code in the buffer and sends remote shell to someone. 
Set your static IP to
192.168.1.158

For the DNS use 208.67.222.222 and 208.67.220.220 (OpenDNS). Some people prefer Googles DNS at 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4 but I like OpenDNS because it blocks Malware identified by Cisco's World Class threat intelligence team Talos. 
Depends on if it Android or iPhone. In general though you simply get an annoying notification that your storage space is full and you need to remove things.

Your phone is smart enough to reserve enough memory and storage to run the core operating system. 
You could look for a cloud pihole. I host one with zero logging if you want that. You could use that on the go. 
I don't really have any links to this stuff.  Just things I've done.  I daisy chain a VPN to my house for training labs.  I host training labs for CyberPatriot and I issue the VPN certs off a digital ocean server that is VPN'd to my house.  So people connect to the Digital Ocean server and then it connects into my training lab. 

VPNs by nature have speed loss, and depending on your encryption you'll have more or less. Higher encryption means more speed lose. 
I think you have the right idea but wrong words.  Set your DHCP pool to only issue 1 IP address. That IP should be the static IP of your pihole. Everything else on the network should be able to pull an IP from the Pihole now . 
Open up command prompt and type 

>ipconfig

Paste the output here and I'll help you
I was actually going to guess that you were using an ATT router (they're the only one I know that default to 254.  

In direct answer to your question; yes. DHCP on your pihole is the solution to this problem. 
Sounds more like your desktop is not receiving a DHCP ip. Try assigning a static IP. 
That's certainly the easiest. Or use someone else's cloud pihole. Preferably someone who doesn't log. 
There seems to be a lot of these questions coming up recently.

What you're trying to do is daisy chain a VPN. It's doable just not great. The first thing you need is an Openvpn server at your house (VPN concentrator). You then need this concentrator to also be connected to a VPN (your commercial VPN). That will route all your traffic through the to the commercial VPN server.

If you're doing this then you don't really need to worry about the pi throttling your internet. The pi can handle up to 100Mbps but if you're daisy chaining VPNs you're not going to get anywhere close to that. 
Your best hope is to get a KVM to split one of the signals. 
Try use.opendns.com
Your Pis ip is 192.168.1.65. Your router is 192.168.1.254.

You need to set your router to use 192.168.1.65 as it's DNS server. 
Yup. Just set up the unattended update scripts to get security updates and you're good. 
You could buy a Raspberry Pi and write a quick script that sends a mouse click every minute. Make a PowerPoint of just black slides and set it to loop unless escape is pressed.

If you get the Zero W then it's only a $5 project, but can he not just get a normal LED lamp? It'd probably be cheaper power wise. 
Yup. As long as it meets the minimum system requirements of the program. 
Yes. I use PIA personally and can confirm that they do not have DNS leak.

However I would caution using a VPN on your router. The reason why I say this is because it will route all of your network traffic through the VPN. This is good for privacy but will significantly slow down your speeds. Also many websites have started blocking well known VPNs due to criminals using them to attack. Some of these websites are things like Netflix and Hulu, Southwest, Papa Johns, Twitch, etc.

Furthermore you run the risk of getting banned from websites because of something someone else did. If someone abuses a website and they ban the VPN server IP you could wide up banned because you're using the same IP.

I made this suggestion the other day, but I'll reiterate it here. If you want to use a VPN with pihole I suggest 3 things.

Pick a VPN that allows you to download the ovpn files (PIA does this)

Use the openvpn software and configure it to use local DNS servers

Configure your pihole to use DNScrypt.

This will allow you to turn on your VPN when you need it and off when you don't while still allowing you to use your pihole and preventing DNS leaks. 
Ok. In that case you need to check if it's Windows 10 or 10S.

10S is a student version of 10. It only allows you to install applications from the Windows App store. It doesn't allow you to change the default web browser to something other than Edge, and it locks a few other settings.

If you get a regular version of 10 (everything not S or Enterprise) the it can run anything made for windows as long as you have enough hardware. 
I'm genuinely confused2 here. Why would you assume it wouldn't be able to? As long as your hardware meets the minimum requirements.

Or are you talking about a Windows 10S notebook? 
No one told me to lie on my PHA so for years I had to go in and see a doctor about my sleeping problems. I had a toddlet and a new born. Of course I wasn't sleeping. 
60. But don't worry. You reach Act 4 you'll start fighting Captains that are level 62+ so it's pretty easy to get level 60 legendary gear. 
Not really. You're still vulnerable to Malvertising.

Arguably, and this is going to be an unpopular opinion, the silk browser is "safer". Silk doesn't actually load a live webpage usually. It loads an image of the webpage with some of the interaction still intact. Might not work well for watching videos but it's somewhat safer. 
You're welcome for my service. 
The only thing I buy from TP-Link is Powerline adapters and layer 2 switches (dump switches).

Surprisingly their Powerline adapters are some of the best in the market. 
Agreed. I will never elect to use SMS as authentication unless it's my only option. 
My CAC office is appointment only. We're lucky if we can get an appointment in 2 weeks. CAC breaks? Sucks to be you, enjoy working with no NIPR for 2 weeks, but still answer all those Tasker you recieve in email. 
Remember this device. Like almost every other form of 2FA has.

I should probably clerify I work somewhere that I can't have my phone on me. 
I know quite a few channels that were moderately successful back when CoD commentaries were the hot thing back in MW2. Some of them went "YouTube pro" and quit their successful jobs. They spiraled quickly where they were posting 3-4 videos a day, often of complete garbage, just to get views. None of them seem to actively make videos anymore. I went back and checked on one a few days ago. He's down to 1 video every 3 days and it's mostly just Vlogs with his kids.

But I will always remember this one quote from Wings of redemption (arguably the most popular CoD streamer back then). Someone asked him what we would do if YouTube stopped supporting him. His reply was that he'd never have to go back to a real job after YouTube because he could go in to promoting. 
So that would be every time at my work because nothing stays logged in. 
My 3 year old daughter can get up in the middle of the night and go to the bathroom by herself. The only time she needs us is to wipe her butt because she can't quite figure it out. 
There's nothing on XDA about it so my guess is no. I don't trust root methods unless they're on XDA. 
No way to permanently disable the default keyboard as the kindle has to have something there incase you accidentally delete the other keyboard. 
Hell Yea I'd sell my account for $150. Have at it. 
I don't understand. Why can't he just reply with "Cool. Enjoy Australia. Good Luck."

I just don't understand people. 
Almost no change. 
It seems to be mobile only thing. On Canary they call it preconnect but the description seems to be the same. 
Sure
But if Google decided to block Amazon ip addresses on Chrome and Android guess what happens. Almost 3% of the internet (the largest single %) is running on AWS. Even major companies like Target use AWS for their web server. Imagine if hundreds of million of people couldn't get to anything hosted on AWS. 
Hello there 
>...Google is your friend... ;)

Great! Maybe you can Google hooked on phonics.

>... Almost useless...;) 
Has anyone told you the story of Darth Plageus the wise 
Why? Your blood is almost useless. The only people who can accept your blood can accept blood from anyone. 
Was there a second one? 
It's been a while since I've seen the movie.  I just remember that he called them out on the fact some of them were going to run rather than think they would fight. 
That's why I said it's the catch all. 95% of the things in this sub could fall under the definition of does not promote good order and discipline. 
I hate this commercial so much because it's Apple being a smug dick head and trying tell people "you done need a computer, your iPad can do it all". Yea fuck off. Anyone who's ever tried to do serious work on a God damn tablet knows its terrible. 
You should be fine, but got to https://www.dnsleaktest.com and make sure that it's showing the DNS servers of the DNScrypt resolver you chose. 
The most recent vulnerability to VLC was on 9-28-2016. It was a buffer overflow related to opening a wmv file in VLC in a web browser. You could modify the code to run an exploit, but this was over 1 year ago. VLC fixed this a while ago, and if they hadn't you shouldnt use them.

There was an unrelated vulnerability that was related to parsing subtitles. This was also fixed a while ago. 
It does. 
Directly from the Kindle?

Try baconreader 
https://imgur.com/AMoKHQr after many months. 
Would be interested in seeing your script 
Someone recently just asked a very similar question. Here was my answer to them

Get Lock Touch from the Amazon Appstore. http://a.co/eYM1wYP
That's true. I'll have to give it a test and see how it works. 
I'd read about something similar to this a while ago but wasn't sure if it worked with proxmox 
Technically only if he's an officer.

Article 88 specifically says commissioned officer

Article 134 is the catch all that could be used against 95% of this sub 
Dude I fucking suck at competitive multiplayer games. Give me a good story driven game any day. 
I'm calling CPS on your parents for not teaching you how to read

>ONE fell off and bumped HIS head 
Haven't cheated but I had a wife accuse me of cheating after she read though all my Facebook messages. The person she accused me of cheating on was a coworker. We were discussing Malware analysis 
Yup. That's why DNSCrypt is so valuable.

Most VPNs have their own DNS server and since the VPN will encrypt all the traffic your ISP won't see anything. But if the VPN doesn't have its own, or allows you to use your own then your ISP could still see you making DNS queries to piratebay, or movie torrent, or whatever. 
Ah. My bad. Didn't read enough into it I guess. 
Circumvent censorship. Your ISP could be filtering DNS requests to certain materials they deem bad.

Better stability. If you frequent r/techsupport there's a lot of problems people have there are fixable by changing to a better DNS. Small ISPs may not has as many or many not protect them as well as someone like Cisco or Google would

Advanced Malware Protection. Cisco's OpenDNS is tied to their AMP engine. It actively blocks Malware and Malware callouts.

Category filtering. OpenDNS allows you to do category blocking. Say you have smaller children and want to block porn you can do that. Want to block individual sites? You can do that too (sure you could do that with pihole as well but for people without a pihole).

Reporting. OpenDNS also allows provides you with reports of your DNS queries. (Again you can do this with pihole) 
When you look at your pihole logs anything you can see your ISP can see.

If you have DNS crypt then all your ISP will see is arbitrary characters. 
There are tons of little tricks in Linux but when you're talking about Android it's a very modified version of Linux called Dalvik which hides a lot of the native command line tools.

There's some good apps, like zshaolin, that bring back a lot of the Linux power tools like Netcat, Openssh, gawk, grep, rsync, git, vim, emacs, and gnupg. 
Ah. Got it. Thanks. 
I'm not familiar with the acronym cbp 
You set the password when you enable Knox (Samsung). 
I think 2 of them did 
Np. I don't have a CS degree, if I could go back to college I would get one, but I've spent several years doing computer security so don't hesitate to shoot me a message if you have any questions. 
Really depends on the TSA agent I guess. 
Technically you can move anything in and out of a private folder.

In a Linux environment any folder that begins with . is a hidden folder. So if you made a folder and called it .Hidden then it wouldn't appear when your browsing you phone, but it would appear in a file manager. You could move videos, music, text documents, etc into that hidden folder and no one would see them unless they were using a file manager.

Some manufacturers have taken that concept a bit further by also encrypting the hidden folder (Samsung and LG I know have, I don't know about any others) so that even if you used a file manager you still wouldn't be able to see what's in there because it'd be encrypted. 
You probably are. I don't think iPhone does separate users, but I also don't use iPhone so I'm not sure. 
A lot of android phones allow multiple users and the ability to place content locks in place. 
What have you done. You're going down a path I cannot follow. 
MEGA gives you 50GB of free cloud storage. I'm not advocating for making multiple accounts but......... I'll let you make your own decisions. 
Seriously it looks like a black butchers knife. 
As Meh of a movie as Jack Reacher was he got that part right when he tells the group in the street that 2 of them will run.

Also in The Dark Knight Rises one guy watches Batman and Catwomen kick so much ass that he falls on his own. 
But are they played by the same actor? 
Same. The only person who gets tech support for free from me anymore is my wife and that's because either I fix it for I wind up paying someone else to fix it. 
I'm a Computer Security Analyst. The stuff people say when they don't know about computers is insane. Computers are a bit like Lawyers, those who have the knowledge usually charge a lot for it so people Google it rather than paying the generally trust whatever they read.

I can't believe how many 'I turned off my firewall so I could have an open NAT on Xbox" or "Turn off your Windows Antivirus and firewall to play PUBG with less lag" I've read.
Just do this. Use a Wiki system.

I'd also argue don't limit user input until you have to. The Wisdom of the Crow is usually more accurate and faster. 
I'm actually just running standard rasbian. I have proxmox serve the VMs as a webpage. So you go to the proxmox server IP, login, pick your VM and have proxmox VNC to it. It loads the VM as a webpage you can full-screen.

It's not really a thin client but its been working well enough. 
Proxmox to create a VM farm. I have several raspberry pi 3s set up as thin clients, and I let some of my friends VPN in to use a VM when they need it.

I also create and host virtual cyber labs for the local highschool computer clubs to use as part of the Cyber Patriot program 
Default YouTube only allows background play for YouTube Red subscribers.

Sideloading F-Droid store and download the New Pipe app. It's an extremely stripped down version of YouTube but it has background play and no ads. 
Why I generally don't advocate for CCleaner, I generally find it's just bloatware thats not necessary in today's computing environment, you might want to give it a go. 
Get Lock Touch from the Amazon Appstore. Check it out - http://a.co/eYM1wYP
Perfect example thank you. 
But you gotta do those 1206s just in case your soul wasn't already crushed enough, now you can see how little you actually did compared to Airman fabulous in fabulous flight. 
Dang. I really need to catch up on this. 
Technically yes you could do it.

If you had your router assign the pihole DNS as the DHCP DNS ip then you could set your router to use its default DNS.

Technically this is the "fastest" because it generally doesn't have to travel very far to reach a ISP DNS resolver. However were talking about Micro, if not nano, seconds of difference. Certainly not what it was in the past.

I personally recommend OpenDNS. Now that it's wrapped under the Cisco umbrella it feeds off their AMP software to block many Malware threats and callbacks.

use.opendns.com if you're interested. 
One can hope. 
A quick browse on Amazon shows a lot of complaints about the wireless for that router.

What speed are you supposed to get and what is the wireless card in your computer? 
>Hung himself

Sure. I'll believe the official story this time. 
I actually can't get the video to load for some reason. 
Pivpn is to enable a VPN concentrator on the pihole.

He's talking about using a commercial VPN and Pihole at the same time. 
Here's what you need to be aware of: Location.

Where are you entering the VPN and where is your DNS server. Most VPN providers offer you an application that you run on your computer. This places your VPN up at layer 7 of the OSI stack, well above your pihole DNS. This would result in your network traffic going to the Nord VPN DNS servers instead your pihole (unless Nord has the opinion to allow local DNS).

If you put used your router to send all traffic through the VPN then you're at layer 3, below your pihole. This means your pihole will handle the DNS queries first, then it will be routed to Nord VPN. This however results in possible DNS leak where your ISP will be able to see your DNS queries and can get some insight into what you're looking at on your computer (not as much as without the VPN but still some). This also means that you will always be connected to the VPN, which is good if you want to stay anonymous but bad if you want full speeds to to watch things like Netflix (which actively blocks VPNs).

Your best bet if you want the maximum benefit of both pihole and a VPN is to find a VPN that will allow you to use local DNS. If you can't find one that you like that gives that option then find one that gives you the .ovpn certs. Use openvpn to connect and modify openvpns configuration file to use your pihole as DNS.

On the pihole you'll want to set up DNS crypt so your ISP can't see your DNS queries. 
Not what he's talking about. 
I agree it's bullshit but you put a 12 year old on jury and have them cry some big crocodile tears, and talk about how she just wanted to be liked and watch as a jury goes easy on her. 
That's true, but 12 is a very susceptible age. I would imagine it would be difficult to charge a 12 year old as an adult in this situation. The defense would probably argue peer pressure. 
It was when I was going through college for criminal justice about 7 years ago. I've been out of that line of work for a while now so it might have changed. 
I'd take a look at this webpage

http://scraping.pro/web-page-change-tracking/

Building one in python is a great exercise but you can't just jump to it, you need to actually know python so while you're learning you can use a free one someone else made. 
Or places where your squadron is split between different missions. One mission is super high visibility and others aren't. There's no point to put in a 1206 because no one but the high vis guys win. I haven't won anything in 3 years but leadership keeps making us submit every quarter. It's really more of a moral crusher than anything. 
The first question is what do you want the scraper to do? Do you only want surface level information, or do you want it to go three pages down? Follow links or not? Do you want it to monitor webpages for changes or just index them once? Are you looking for specific words or the entire webpage?

There are a lot of already made scrapers that can do these things. If you want to make one then the book Automate the Boring Stuff with Python has a great walk through at the end of the book to build your own. 
Oh fuck off man. Did you even Google anything?

http://murderpedia.org/male.S/s/silva-john-anthony.htm
The 12 year old is. She's not a flight risk and the age that you are considered mentally capable of understanding your actions is 14.
That's pretty much exactly what he was doing. You can see it dotted through the whole monolog.
He keeps saying things in an effort to make her feel inferior and feel the need to prove herself and get his approval. 
Naw. I'm pretty sure they always measured the Lander in Pounds. 
DECLARATIVE STATEMENT: The meatbag did not ask for contradictory facts 
The baby. The old lady has probably already reached her potential the baby still has limitless potential. 
This. When I got married I spent so much of the reception talk with people that I never even tried my own wedding cake. We spent an absolute bonkers amount on it and I never even got to taste it. 
Wut
The company fakes a tweet and then lambasted her about it on twitter to get popularity.
So there's a lot of different scrapers. I'm going to give you just a few of the most common ones. Basically what happens is you tell this piece of software to go to a website and download what you want. That could be any paragraph that has a specific word or series of words in it, or it could be everything (think Google Cache). You can tell the scrapper to follow links so it will go to the next page and scrape that page as well repeating the process forever or until you tell it to stop.

They're very customizable and can be good or bad depending on how you use them. 

They're good because they allow us to have cached webpages, they allow projects/websites like this to work, they are how Search Engines work etc.

They can be bad because they can be used to look for vulnerable websites or routers. They also take up resources on a website but don't do anything for the website (such as viewing ads etc).

I remember reading a report (I want to say it was Cisco but it might have been a different company like Mandiant or Verizon) that said roughly 15-25% of internet traffic is from Spiders (scrapers). 
Netflix's actual blog will say what's coming and going. Usually they say for about 2 weeks out. OP probably has multiple web crawlers grabbing these lists and adding it to a backend database. 
Fantastic! Truly awesome. Much better way to search. Love that I can really drill down to something specific. Also very clean UI. If you showed minimal unintrusive ads I'd whitelist you.

Also great for my parents who are borrowing my Netflix on their Google home. I want them to be able to use it but I don't feel like giving them the procedurally generated password 7 billion times. They can use this to search for content and then just tell Google to play that. 
I hear it starts to hurt less after time 19. 
Just RDP in fix it and give their credit card to the Microsoft customer support scam. 
There's nothing on it that I'm all that concerned with protecting. 
I'm not familiar with any web crawlers that create accounts. It's not impossible, I just find it unlikely. 
I'm more entertained by the sharp spike after the alert was announced false. How many people were like "Oh my God I thought I was gonna die. What should I do now? Should I call my family and say I'm alive? No I'm gonna fap."
Nope. I have a really hard time imaging Microsoft is having server issues and it's not all over major news. 
Oh ok. I don't know what the logo looks like. I just remembered Blops had garbage like this. 
That looks like Blops 
You can just go to http://pi.hole/admin/
That tin is amazing but good god those bed sheets. 
Yea. I kinda miss autoruns usbs but I understand the reason they removed it. 
Yea. I kinda miss autoruns usbs but I understand the reason they removed it. 
It might have been 7. It was a while ago I know that 
Windows has had USB autoruns disable since Vista I think. 
Global Knowledge calls it a sheepdip computer (I think they made that phrase up. It's just an air gapped computer with AV on it. You plug into that first and scan it. 
I know several delivery drivers that got fired for things like this. The best was one of the drivers text the customer before delivering the pizza and said "So I'm getting a tip right?" 
Not in DMZ+. The gateway doesn't NAT, everything is forwarded directly to my Rb3011.
Interesting. It doesn't really bother me that much since I just have it forward everything to my mail router but it's good to know. 
Fuck I got depressed reading that 
Hey have you heard about this new product I'm selling. It's dehydrated H2O and I swear. It'll cure all your medical issue ^/s

The best thing about Beach Body is the military waiver that gives me the on demand stuff for free otherwise I wouldn't even touch the thing. 
To be fair. My 18 month old son actually does steal our shakes. 
Can confirm. My neighbor used to sell 
My neighbor used to sell it with her sister. She didn't even get to pick the leggings. She just ordered leggings and got what she got. Sometimes she would get horrendous vomit colored stuff and other times she got the hotcake items like Disney. She'd frequently get 2 or more pairs of the same leggings marked the same size that weren't actually the same size. Some would be longer or shorter. 

The fact that this is a $6000 grab bag astounds me to no end. .

For $6000 I'd better be able to walk intony
Try admin and admin
Or admin and password
Or Google your router and default password

If you really can't log in and don't want to reset it to factory default you can usually call your ISP and they can modify the router remotely 
You need to log into your router and assign the IPs from there. Your routers ip is probably 192.168.0.1 or 192.168.1.1. If you type that into your internet browser you will generally get your routers login page 
Not from a cellphone 
There's several different CATs 5,5e,amd 6 are the most common ones. Anyone of them would work. 
How many devices is a lot of devices?

It kinda sounds like it's a DHCP issue. Try assigning static IP addresses. 
Let's start with there is no Linux OS. There are versions of Linux and each one is more or less suited for specific tasks.

Ubuntu is one of the most popular distro and so it has the most support. Mint Cinnamon is a great distro if you're coming from Windows and don't really want to try and learn Linux. Both those support native dual boot. When you go to install them the installer should tell you that another OS was detected and asks if you want to dual boot. 
Party like it's 1945?
I once sat next to a Usbekistanian girl in college. She struggled with English but alway tried so hard. We became good friends because I was always willing to help her understand what the Professor was saying. One day there were these two girls in front of us. They spoke English perfectly and had no obvious mental deficit, but they were failing. One of the girl turns to the other and says "are you prepared for the test Monday" the other girl replied "no but it doesn't matter. Daddy will just pay for me to retake the class with am easier professor." This made my Uzbekistan friend beyond angry because in her country everyone takes a test when they're young that decides if they become a white collar worker or a blue collar worker. College was a dream for her and she was enraged that people would so carelessly throw it away.

My point is that not everyone who goes to college goes to learn. Only about 25% of college freshman actually graduate. Some people go just because they're told that's what they should do. 
It's still pretty easy. Libre office doesn't have an alternate to MS Access. 
Proprietary shitware, chrome? How many browsers have been built on the Chromium engine. 
Do the blog and I'll click on every ad on your blog when I visit. 
> they'd spend all day calling everyone stupid

That's kinda the reason this sub even exists. 
Good information bad execution. 
Yes. But that's codes not an actual button. You still can't press a button and launch all the nukes. 
Exactly. It's not a magical button that just launches all the nukes. There's a process and fail safes. 
It is. The devteam is fantastic and it's free.

r/pihole 
What was his tweet 
Clearly you haven't heard of PACOM? You know the people that keep an eye on China constantly? Guess where they're head quartered. 
Google Castle Bravo. There's footage of it. 
I'd imagine nothing would happen since there isn't actually a "nuke button" there's a reason ICBMs still require 2 people with keys. A button can be hacked 
Nope. Most people only think of an ICBM as a nuclear missile and let's be realistic. If you're going to take the time and money to fire a missile half way across the globe at a sovereign nation you're going to want to make it count. 
r/jesuschristreddit
Jon is one of 3 YouTubers I watch on a consistent basis, and the only one that doesn't do minecraft (the other 2 being CaptainSparklez and Direwolf20).

One of the main reasons why I continue to watch Jon when I gave up on other YouTubers is the suspension of disbelief. Jon really gets into the game and tells a story with it. Everything has a narrative and he treats games like they're real. Whether it's the love story between Jon, Benor, Moira, and Shadowmere in skyrim, or sending kids to die of hypothermia "only doing safe tasks" in Frostpunk, failing to bomb Berlin in Bomber Crew, or telling the legacy of Julianas Vetinieas on earth and in space, ion creates a narrative and tells a wonderful story that adds character to the game. 
Ink printers vs laser jet. Industrial quality laser jet printers could easily handle this. A standard home ink printer maybe not 
Because its not an issue with the phone. The article talks about a guy who bought 2 phones and had his CC number stolen. Clearly the issue is with the shopping cart on the Oneplus website.

And by your logic I'm guessing you never shop at Amazon, Target, Walmart, Ross, Chipotle, Burger King, Sonic, McDonalds, Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, or any of the other thousands of companies that have had data breaches before. 
Lenovo 
> People often dont have fraud protection, and data theft is an emergency situation.

If you're in the US you do have fraud insurance on your credit cards and bank accounts. It might be a pain in the ass for a bit while they investigate but eventually you will get your money back so never stop trying to get it back because you are legally protected from theft like this. 
So it seems to be working now. I guess I just needed to wait a bit. Thanks for the help.
Just some context on Pihole. I have over 1Million domains blocked. I just visited thedailymail.co.uk and didn't have a single ad.

Pihole can run on any Debian based computer, and if you've got about $35-50 you can set it up on a Raspberry Pi 3 and have it run all the time. 
I remember reading some posts on gaming websites, where ad blockers are supposedly more common. They were still only reporting 18%.

Even still what people don't realize is that visits even without ads still help the site. They influence the Alexa rating which helps the website appear higher in Google results, helps convince ad providers to pay more because the site is high trafficked, etc.

I get it hosting a website isn't cheap, but ads suck and Malvertising is a real thing. 
It's over Panakin I have the high grain. 
Holy shit man. Thank god I speak L33T
I've got a copy. What's your email? I'll share it with you in an encrypted zip. 
You need to go into the Google Home app and set the TV to be the minis default. 
Mab has the incredible responsibility of holding out the Outsiders. She's presumably been doing it for hundreds if not thousands of years. Constant War for that long would make anyone seem cruel or mad. 
Wut? 
Not sure why that's being downvoted. But yes make a long password. 
Have you every actually done BDA before? I'll tell you how it works in the pilot world. Pilots drops a bomb. Pilot makes an initial BDA assessment, referred to as a triage (yes I spelt it wrong Oh well) BDA. Further GEOINT analysis happens later to determine BDA, MoE, and MoP. Triage BDA is done when BDA can't be determined, otherwise how do you know if you were even successful? 
Because most sniper teams go out in pairs. 1 shooter 1 spotter at least. So the spotter is able to provide traige BDA. 
So this is how shithole countries lay foundations 
Snipers and Reaper pilots can, but everyone else? Probably not. 
The only people who can actually confirm kills are Snipers and Reaper pilots. For everyone else it's way to chaotic in a firefight to actually know of you hit someone. Go to a gun range and have a dozen guys shooting at a dozen targets. You'll soon notice that some targeta have more bullet holes than their shooter had bullets.
Fucking POG has probably never even seen The Wire let alone been outside it. 
It even says in the article that they were giving Metadata to British Security Services 
Yea ok. Did you read the article. Where it says they're giving Metadata to British Security Services 
Androids actually started out more secure than iPhones. Each application was it's own separate VM running on a system called Dalvik. That's why the early versions of Android lacked features like Copy and Paste between apps, screenshots, etc.

We as the consumer demanded these features and so Google had to allow to VMs to have exits out of Dalvik. 
That's because Android encryption has to be manually enabled where iPhones is default on with no way to disable it. 
Most facial recognition features require a proof of life. Most Android versions require you to blink. Apples is supposed to measure heat from the face using IR. 
That too! 
I actually wound up getting a Mikrotik RB3011.  $150 for a super powerful router with multiple 10Gb ports. It's extremely customizable.  

And you can't exactly bypass the ATT gateway.  ATT requires their modem to process the everything but you can put it into DMZ+ mode and have it port forward everything to your actual firewall. 
You need to get you some tiny wood 

NTFS allows this by default. All you need to do is set security on the folder and make sure no one has admin rights. 
I think nswr1 is just a generic url. I can't find any actual domain registration for it. 
There are only 5 divisions of Military Intelligence 
It's an Apache 2 html page. I deleted it but I still get the Apache 2 page. 
Still getting the Apache 2 page 
pi@raspberrypi:~ $ ls -alh /var/www/html
total 32K

drwxrwxr-x 4 www-data www-data 4.0K Dec  8 00:07 .

drwxr-xr-x 4 root     root     4.0K Aug 10 20:39 ..

drwxr-xr-x 7 root     root     4.0K Dec 25 15:44 admin

-rw-r--r-- 1 root     root      11K Aug  5 13:39 index.html

drwxr-xr-x 2 root     root     4.0K Jan 11 03:36 pihole

-rw-r--r-- 1 www-data www-data   30 Dec  3 17:36 versions
So I did have Apache 2 installed. I removed it but it doesn't seem to have changed anything. 
I have

>Admin

>index.html

>pihole

>versions


r/lefthandedpoetry
Nope. Don't know any. We never did screenshots without the correlating video as well. 
One way pagers are allowed. 
Completely disagree. While each person does have their own preferences and that's fine its a developers job to MAKE a game fun. It's our job to find the fun.

There's a big difference there. Mainly in the fact that The Division doesn't suffer from people not finding it fun. The Division suffers because the developers released it in a horrendously broken state. Now granted they've made significant improvements. But all my cheerful attitude and rose colored glasses can't make a broken game good.

Simply put. Before saying that Players need to MAKE fun or "git gut" we need to be saying that developers need to quit half as assign things. If the developers did their job properly I wouldn't have to MAKE the game fun. It just would be. 
Had a guy pcs in who's wife was a high risk pregnancy and she was close to due. We worked in a SCIF and he was not by a phone often. Bought a pager and paid for the service. Gave him the pager and the number. His wife paged him a few weeks later when we were in a meeting.

Now I keep the pager and reactivate the service on it when I have situations like this again. 
I just found this guy on YouTube but does some awesome in depth research on why games fail and have issues.

He did a video on why you should be wary of Anthem and he brings up excellent points. Check him out

https://youtu.be/J-qFtMZdZy8
Thanks 
Call their support. The Fire's should be automatically activated to the account that purchased them as soon as they're scanned in the warehouse. My guess (I worked in an Amazon warehouse) is that the boxer had a large Tote of Fires and grabbed multiple devices at the same time. He probably scanned one but accidentally put the other in the box going to you (actually happened quite a bit). 
I'm not a doctor but aren't you pronounced legally dead after 8 minutes of no oxygen to the brain? 
If it's a DNS error than you're likely having issues connecting to your ISP DNS server. Try connecting to a different DNS server like OpenDNS

use.opendns.com 
I've never used a Thinkpenguin before so I can't speak to how smart it is. You'd still need to port forward from router 1 to router 2.

The Mac filtering could be used in place of 2 routers. You use 1 router and have it decide routes based on Mac addresses. If it's something like a Amazon Fire TV (or whatever other device you watch Netflix on) then it goes the normal route. If it's a device like a laptop then it goes the VPN route. You could also them further clerify this by routing based on destination ip. Find the IP address space that Netflix uses and have your router route any packets to those ranges on the normal route and everything else over VPN.

Like I said I don't know how smart Thinkpenguin is but what you need is the ability to establish your own Firewall rules, and VLANSs preferably. 
EDIT: Shit. Scratch large parts of the below. It's still correct information but not applicable to you. Here's the issue. The VPN. When you're connection to a VPN you're logically connected to a completely separate router. That router (which belongs to the VPN provider) likely has its own DNS server (and if it doesn't you need to get a new VPN). Essentially what's happening is that Router 2 is sending your traffic to Router 3 (VPN provider) instead of router 1. That means your traffic never logically reenters the Router 1 Subnet to be acted on by the Pihole DNS. 

You would either need to move your pihole to router 2 then port forward from router 1 to router 2 or you need to not use the VPN. On a smart router you could possibly set up MAC filtering in a situation like this but I don't know how smart your router is. 


Original—---------


It's called bridging and I don't know if your routers support it in a configurable way.

All you should need to do is set both routers to use the pihole. Router 2 should forward all DNS requests to to the router like its any other DNS server.

Let's talk about port forwarding port 53. The specific advice is that you don't want External Networks (The Internet) to be able to access port 53. There's a couple of reasons for this, DNS amplification attacks, zone transfers, and worst DNS poisoning. However forwarding from Router 2 to Router 1 is not going to expose port 53 to the internet. It's also not necessary since the router exists on the same logical subnet as the pihole. Since router 2 is inside the firewall of router 1 it doesn't need to pass through it and therefore doesn't need an open port on the firewall. 
It's because they're so much more than just a guy looking for their dick sucked. They're not that Chad guy. They'd treat her right by only making her suck dick 3 times a day, less than Chad. 
They can, we just didn't like doing it that way. You have to remember this was for Criminal Charges.  So there are a few things that you have to consider. 

1. Sr Agents have an inherently higher trust value then a generic analyst does.  The public trusts a Sr Agent more than me.  

2. Non-Repudiation.  A defender can and will accuse the analyst of misjudging. Having a Sr Agent who is also certified in Forensics (even if they don't actually perform them) helps provide a second look that's hard to argue against. 

3. There's generally way more work than there are analysts.  We don't have as much time and manpower to constantly be sending analysts to court. 
Anything on the Internet is extremely easy to fake. Since it uses HTML all you need to do is right click on something then inspect element. You can then modify or completely replace the text from the development console. Take a screen shot and bam. Now you have "proof" that a person said something.

The defendant would have to get records from Facebook proving they didn't post that and delete it (Good luck).

It's actually a terrifying though when you consider how much social media impacts the world. What happens when someone fakes a tweet of, let's say our President, and gets it viral? 
Yes it is an SSD. I used HDD as the generic term for storage not trying to say its a Spinning Disk Drive. The problem is the size. The Surface Pro are expensive, even used. A 64GB costs $400 (or it did back when I bought my SP1). 
And that's fair enough.  I just think that if they made the Shadow Wars half as long with the option to go on forever if you want then it would be an improvement. 
OBS: https://obsproject.com/

SHA 3 is the third generation of SHA (Secure Hashing algorithm) it still  uses a 256 or 512 bit hash but it uses a different method so it's a bit faster. I'm not going to try and explain the math because I don't really understand it completely but the punch line is that changing 1 bit will give you a completely different hash.  

Since I worked Cyber Crime and not strictly incident response my experience is slightly different.

As soon as we would arrive somewhere we would grab the HDD from the computer.  We would take a SHA3 hash of the HDD.  Copy it, take a SHA3 of the Copy, and then begin working on it. When we were done foresnicating it we would take a final SHA3 hash.  All of the Hashes should match.  Our mathematician would testify in court as an expert witness and explain how all 3 Hashes meant that this HDD is a perfect clone and that we didn't plant any files (adding files would change the Hash).  

We has a series of 1U Dell Blades we would work on. Each blade was it's own VMware Workstation Pro machine running on a Linux distro.  We always ran a couple of VMs, Puppy, Shift, Kali, and a custom Win7.  We would plug the cloned HDD into the 1U and load it in whatever VM we needed at the time (usually the Win7) and then we'd access the Win7 through F-Response or Google GRR (F-Response is the primary). After every response we would reset the VMs back to a snapshot. 

During every investigation we would start OBS when we logged in and record everything.  We used a time overlay and would record ourselves speaking the date and time then turn the microphone off.  We'd turn it back on at certain points like when we discovered something.  We'd say Analyst name: Date Time: Location in File System: File discovered. We'd also take screenshots and write reports. 

All of this would be stored in a OneNote for each investigation.  When it came to court all of the documents, the SHA3 hashes, the video, the reports, edited version of the video, and a final report would be submitted to the prosecutor.  When necessary we'd be called into court as an expert witness, but usually it'd be a Senior Agent that would go because the Analyst can't also be an expert witness in a criminal case.  We needed a second opinion and that's what the Senior Agent was for. 
It's worked since U16.04.  It has a bit of oddities sometimes telling if it's in a forum that accepts data. 

The on screen keyboard is supposed to automatically pop up when you click on something that you can enter text into, but that's more a problem with Ubuntu and less a problem with Ubuntu on Surface Pro
It's actually called OBS. It was designed originally for Live streamers on Twitch to be able to stream their video games for free but it's functionality makes it so much more useful.

It has tons of capabilities. You can do full screen recording, or only certain windows. You could record multiple windows and shrink them in size so they appear next to each other in the video. You can add audio and video. You can also add overlays so the date and time are always present on the video. It works in Windows, Mac, and Linux. 

When I was working with Federal Law Enforcement on Cyber Crime they used it to record the entire session. Anytime someone went in to work on the computer they had to have OBS open and running so we could always prove without a doubt that we were acting within the law. (SHA3 hashes also worked great for that too). 
I can only speak for Ubuntu. I haven't tried things like Debian or Mint. But Ubuntu works more or less flawlessly. 
Seems to be a lot of questions about Malware surviving a complete reinstall in this forum recently. The short version is no.

Do you know there's make and model of your motherboard? Also have you tried a wired connection? Many times a wired connection will still work 
I like the used Surface Pros. I bought a used Surface Pro (version 1) a little over 5 years ago. Installed Ubuntu on it 2 years ago because I didn't want to upgrade to 10. It still works beautifully, only downside is the HDD 
Definitely be careful with uploading files to Virus Total. While it is good to run it through all of the engines you lose control of the sample. Meaning that Google or any of the AV can write a Publix analysis on it and blow your incident response by tipping the adversaries that you found their file.
Depends on what you mean by hidden. Are you spoofing your source address or are you simply NATing the VM 
You could use a something like OBS (Open Broadcast Software) to record everything you do while you're working on the computer. 
I almost made it to the bathroom in time 
This is true. I use black out panels and black out blinds. 
I don't think it's as needed for OPRs. Pilots don't get any leadership experience for years anyways but the O in logistics is in charge of a flight of 300. So those OPRs can be used for Special Duty assignments. 
Happens a lot I'm sure. Trying to come up with all the bullets for only 2 months is awful, and then you have leadership asking you why the EPR sucks 
2 essentially. What it's really doing is trying to fix the issue that comes up a little with AFSCs that have a really long training pipeline (1N4A for example) where they have over a year of training so depending on when they finish their training they will have their 20 month EPR and then the SCOD may require another EPR on them 2 months later. 
A1C and under with less than 36 Months Time in Service no longer get Annual EPRs.
It's not a hard thing to know. Someone once described it to me as the hooks should be rolling forward as if they were rolling over freedom.

But there's been a bunch of posts and stuff recently about a swastika backwards being an old Buddhist symbol for peace or something. 
I got that, but if your going to say it's a swastika at least have if facing the right direction 
I literally just bought one on Amazon yesterday. Cost me $8
I just bought a DVI-I To VGA cable. My Gtx 970 has HDMI and DVI-I
I haven't been able to find one. I'm using ATT though. It's a bit more expensive but it's still Gigabit
Per AFI 36-2905 administration discipline can not be administered based off of a mock PFA.

The CC can order him to FIP but not demote him or withould pay. 
You're correct but if your RA calls to double check you can be charged with fraud.

The Non-A letter is irritable because it's from the approved system. 
It's beating Nook? 
It's instantly. I can set the time for anything from 5 minutes to all time and it still instantly gives me the unknown error 
I think we're for the most part we're both talking on the same side of this argument.

YouTube has failed to properly police their content creators AND parents should be more involved in what their kids watch online. 
Even the YouTube kids app still runs into the same problems. YouTubes auditing system simply isn't good enough. 
Nice! I had completely forgotten that Google even did this until it showed up today. 
Yup 
Exactly my point. We trust YouTube too much.

I know too many parents that say they "don't understand" their kids hobbies so they don't get involved. They just let their kids watch and listen to whatever on YouTube because it's "computer stuff" and therefore "too difficult" for them to figure out.

I've even offered to help them set up a Squid3 proxy for content filtering but they'd rather stick their head in the sand. If they don't know they can excuse themselves from blame. 
I mean 45K is over 40K
How is this different from say a Raspberry Pi dockerswarm? 
>Over 40K LIKES, that'll show him for not "cuffing" her!

FTFY.

It only had 10.5K retweets 
It's completely full of shit, but that's not really the point. The point is to tell an entertaining horror story. 
I don't think you need to put a /s on that.

This actually brings up an important issue. Parents don't pay enough attention to what their kids watch on YouTube.

YouTube is the most watched content delivery service in the world, and most of us just trust YouTube to handle and police the content.

I taught my kids about death early, dead fish, but I still wouldn't want them to see a body hanging from a tree. 
> The real story is that I used to like reading the chronicles of Narnia series, until I found out that C.S. Lewis was a fundie. As I hope to become a professional writer someday, I thought if I become the more famous "initial initial Lewis" writer, his influence would be eradicated from English literature. A.A. Lewis is just a pseudonym. 

Holy shit. What a conceited little fucker. Just because CS Lewis was a Christian doesn't mean the Chronicals of Narnia books aren't still extremely good literary works. Man, some Fahrenheit 451 shit right here. 
3.50 years 
I have a close circle of about 5 people I'll do this with. They've built up a level of trust by repaying me. So now unless we're talking about sums of money over $50 I don't ask for it back. 
He doesn't mean liberal as a political view. He means liberal as used without care. So 
If it works you do it. Years of cyber security and computer forensics has taught me this. 
It's definitely the Gold Standard for how to do Free to Play right. It's so good that I don't mind spending a few bucks, or $300 on it in support. 
Good first step, but how do you enforce it? If you have a male employee that has been at a company for 10 years and suddenly a female employee gets hired to the same department does she suddenly get paid the same as him? 
Throw enough marbles in a pot and eventually some of them are going to match. 

Facebook has what, about a billion users? Odds are that eventually this coincidence has to happen. 
Powerline adapters. They're amazing 
I bought my Optiplex from Facebook Marketplace for $50. But you can get a bunch of then from Government Surplus shops.  
I've honestly never used a PI with Wi-Fi. I've always had mine hardwired. 
The Tinkerboard is way better spec wise.  It just has issues with drivers and such. There's an Ubuntu distro that works well enough but it has issues with MiniUSB power supplies and run hot. 
Yes 
There's a few cheap NUCs on Amazon. If all I want is an easy headless server than these cheap NUCs would be fine 
My problem is that for those prices I could just buy a NUC. 
Nice. I converted an old Optiplex 745 to a headless Ubuntu server 
Haven't actually tried any of those. 
Actually yes. I want to be able to run Travis Smiths Sweet Security but I have Gigabit Internet through AT&T and it requires 2 GBs of RAM. It could be doable with 2 Rpi3s by using 1 as collector and 1 as server but I would still need a Gigabit NIC. Right now I have it running on an old Dell Optiplex 745 but that's a powersink compared to something like a Rpi. 
Yup. And that was with the provided heatsink installed. I would understand getting a separate power adapter and a rpi3 fan case to keep it cooler. Without the separate power adapter the miniUSB wasn't enough to actually power the Tinkerboard and the Fan Case. 
Just be aware that the Tinkerboards don't have the same community as the RPIs do. 
So I didn't have much luck with the default Debian that Asus provides, but there's an Ubuntu distro that works on the Tinkerboard well. Only problem is that it has a power draw and is unstable with microUSB. It also runs really hot, close to 140F when idle and up to ~165F when doing some work. 
Project is still going. I watched a live stream of one of the modders the other day. Learned a good bit of how the Construction Kit works 
Follow the Linux from Scratch book. You will literally build a Linux from binary to a functional OS. 
Cool it man. You're both right. But the overarching point is still correct. It doesn't matter how good the hardware is and how cheap if there's no community and/or developer support. 
To each their own I guess. Of you want something to run Android apps then maybe don't get the pi. 
Man all I want is a rpi with a better NIC and more RAM. 
Man all I want is a rpi with a better NIC and more RAM. 
They sell them on Amazon. But if you're going that route check Asus Tinkerboard. 
Yea. And Asus Tinker box outshines them all.

The reason RPIs are super popular isnt because of their amazing hardware. It's because of the insane community support. Without the community it's worthless, just look at the Tinkerboard. 
chmod +x reboot.py

sudo python reboot.py

Ohhhh is it time for another YouTuber hate train? It was only like 2 months ago when the whole internet turned against RiceGump
I'll be honest here. I only recognized Martin Freeman and Forrest Whittaker. 
Does the V30 have an unlocked bootloader? 
You'd be fine because you're not circumventing security controls in place. The question would be how to do you get that OS on the phone? You'd need a phone with an unlocked bootloader because the act of unlocking the bootloader would be circumventing security and therefore against DMCA. 
I'm not a lawyer but I did graduate college with a degree in criminal just and criminal law.

You should be fine legally to keep a rooted/jailbroken device since you performed the action during the 9 years that it was legal. The criminal justice system cannot punish someone with a law ex post facto (after the fact). Meaning if you did something while it was legal you can't be punished for it after it becomes illegal (provided you don't do it again).

Where this could become an issue is if a new update comes out that removes your root access. You would then be violating DMCA by rerooting it. Also carriers could apply their own rules, something like "You agree not to have a rooted device on our network". It would just mean that your Cell provider could cancel your plan.

Also I'd like to clerify that this is not someone attempting to end the exemptions. The exemptions are reaching their expiration date and will have to be reapproved. 

TLDR: Any rooting you do while it's legal will still be legal if the exemption isn't approved. 
I wish that made sense so that I could reply to it properly. Oh well no matter.


Why are so hostile to everyone at the moment? 
My oh my how sad you are. You're not going far in life kid with that attitude.

I've been called worse things by better people. 
What a beautifully written articulate reply
Oh the words. They hurt my soul. Oh I am so crushed. It's to bad that I'm a city kid. Otherwise the words might not hurt me as much. ^/s

Dude. Get over it. If you work on a farm bailing hay great. Thanks for your work. Without people like you we wouldn't have nearly the abundance of food that we do. That being said there are other manual back breaking jobs on the world. Even in the city. Ever worked in a warehouse? Ever done roofing before? Try hauling shingles up and down a ladder. 
Is it too meta to link r/gatekeeping inside of an r/gatekeeping post? 
That's the only main story Mission that you actually defend a base. ACT 4 has more. 
I assuming you mean to reply to me on the 42zip. It was just a random file. I didn't take the time to reverse it but if I were to guess it's probably full of NOPs which is why it can be compressed so heavily. 
Then I'm sorry to tell you buy according to the Library of Congress for the last 9 years you're wrong 
The current Librarian of Congress is Dr. Carla Diane Hayden. She was appointed in September of 2016. She is the first woman, first Black to hold the office. And the first actual Librarian in 60 years 
Yes. To the first one. I came across a file I call the 42zip bomb. It was 1.5 GB files inside of 42 zipped folders inside of 42 zipped folders inside of 42zipped folders. When fully extracted it came out to something like 9 Petabytes. Not really Malware because it didn't have any malicious code but it was unique.

I have no idea what you're asking about on the second one. 
On Android it asks you if you want to install the certificates 
Is that a question or a statement? 
Yea. Sorry. It's a US only thing 
That's why the Library of Congress has decided to make exemptions to the DMCA three times already, but they'll need to make another one this year. 
What? 
Yes. On the parent profile click on the freetime app then on the gear wheel near the child's name. You should  find an option in there to approve apps for them. 
In short if you haven't installed any certificates then no. 
I can't say for sure about your situation, but I have a few officer friends who graduated Intel school with $110k on debt from student loans. So I'm hesitant to say. It's never a waste of your time to talk to them though. 
Much of finances computer infrastructure is old and archaic, couple that with the bazillion tiny differencea that each person has and it's hard to really teach anyone how to handle every situation. Sometimes Finance does mess up but there's tons that happen behind the scenes no one sees. 
Glad I could help. 
Historically companies have only been able to apply TOS on things that they provide continued service for. Once you purchase an item you no longer recieve service for the item.

Companies have, and still often do, say things like "If you root you'll void your warranty" or "Continuing to use our OS means you agree not to root" (which is why most updates have anti root features now). Some cell service provides make you agree not to use rooted devices on their network (AT&T back when the first iPhone and Android were rooted).

But if you buy a device from the manufacturer and them root it and install your own OS then you're not violating the TOS but you might be violating DMCA without the exemptions. 
OnePlus for the win. 
Perhaps. Google is under no legal obligation to actually provide access to Amazon hosted websites, the same way Amazon is under no obligation to sell Chromecasts.

I don't think Google would ever actually do this. The danger is too great and the fallout would be catastrophic. But still it's interesting to think about how much damage Google could do if they wanted to. 
I agree I think a judge would side with a user, they have in the past, there's still a tremendous amount of stress and financial burden that comes with a court case. 
>Rooting itself does not expose copywritted material.

This is exactly the decision we want the Library of Congress to make. They have already made it twice and we want them to make it again. 
That's largely the same argument made against Net Neutrality. While it's unlikely that a company is going to actually attempt to press charges against a rooter again it still has the possibility of happening without the exemption. 
Unlocking phones was covered under The Unlocking Consumer Choice and Wireless Competition Act (S. 517; Pub.L. 113–144). It was approved in 2010 as an exemption to DMCA; however, in 2012 the Library of Congress Copyright Office decided not to extend it for another 3 years.

Rooting is a separate category. If the manufacturer allows rooting through the use of already unlocked bootloader, Google, One Plus, and some Motorola then it's not circumventing protections and therefore isn't illegal. However in the case of locked and/or protected bootloader (Samsung with Knox security) you would have to bypass protections which is against DMCA. 
I read that article during my research. It seems to be the only one to classify rooting and Jailbreaking as different.

In the context of this article Jailbreaking is the act of removing a device from a wireless carrier without their permission. Which is illegal under DMCA. In every other article I read Jailbreaking was the act of gaining Root access on an iPhone or Apple device. 
All the the Kindles I've used have allowed you to statically set the IP on the device itself by going to settings -> Wireless -> hold down in the wireless name -> modify network -> check the box that says advanced


At the end of the day Google will win. Google controls the most popular internet browser (Chrome) and the largest mobile market, both physical (Android) and digital (Play Store). 

Google has already demonstrated the damage it can do to a company when they add something to Chromes certificate revocation list (CRL) when they blocked access to some 10000 websites digitally signed by Symantec as part of a fight between Google and Symantec. Within hours of the announcement Symantec held a press conference saying they'd fall in line.

Now it's important to remember that Amazon's big business isn't their store. It's their web services. Back in 2016 Amazon announced that roughly 3% of the internet was hosted on its AWS infrastructure, including major companies like Target.  The largest single portion of the internet is hosted on Amazons AWS. That's where their real money is. The problem is that Amazon publicly lists all of the IP address space that it own.

So what happens when the largest internet browser and largest mobile phone system no longer allow people to access the largest single internet content provider? How much business would a company like Target lose from this? And what happens when Google points the finger squarely at Amazon?

Now yes Google would probably get sued for this and so would Amazon but it would certainly make a point when 3% of the internet starts getting mad at Amazon and telling them to play nice or they're moving hosting services.

Google has the power to decimate Amazon, and probably a huge portion of the economy at the same time. Food for thought. 
Google is already sorta getting their revenge. YouTube is the most watched content provider in the world and I can't imagine how many poor Customer Support agents are having to deal with people yelling at them because they can no longer watch it on their Fire TV 
I imagine it's a proactive move to keep Apple happy. It'll be interesting to see if Amazon will sell Google Homes and whatever smart speaker Apple starts selling soon. 
Glad it worked. I haven't had the chance to test with any of the HD tables so it's possible they have better network stacks. Nevertheless I'm glad it solved your issue. 
About 2 days after Google first announced the block back at the start of December Amazon announced they'd start selling Chromecast and Apple TV units; however, they haven't actually started yet.

I figure once Amazon begins selling them Google will reallow YouTube on Fire TV devices. That or Google is going to wait until Amazon sells Chromecast and allows Prime chromecast options (which is apparently coming soon if Amazon customer support is to be believed). 
Interesting. I hadn't heard about the MicroG project before. But your phone still has Cameras, Microphones, accelerametors, temperate gages, GPS, axis controls, etc. Anyone that's afraid of something like an Echo should release their phone has had all that stuff and more for years. 
It's possible that the HDs have a better network stack in them. I'm not sure because I haven't actually gotten the chance to test on. I just default to assigning Fire devices static IPs now anytime I set them up for people. 
I had this issue on a Fire TV gaming edition, Fire Reader 4th/5th/7th edition. I'm using high end enterprise routers. I haven't tested this with a HD 10 so there might be improvements (the 7th generation using an improved Network Card for instance) but I'm willing to bet the HD 10 still have the same issue. 
Or just replace the computer with a cell phone that everyone carries around with them.
I monitor network traffic at my routers
No. That's the least perfect place to hide a malevolent email. If you never open the email than the email can't do anything to you. 
Ahhhhh. That makes more sense. I was gonna say Wi-Fi should be much faster. 
I've had this issue on several Amazon devices. The issue as best as I've been able to diagnose it has to do with how Amazon devices handle DHCP. Traditionally a device get issues an IP address for a certain amount of time, we'll say 10 minutes for simplicity. At half of the lease the device will renegotiate the IP address lease. So at 5 minutes the device will renew its IP address for another 10 minutes. That's the traditional way.

Unfortunately the way Amazon does it is that it waits until the last second to renegotiate the lease. While these leases happen in a few seconds it will often result in the devices dropping connection.

TLDR. Assign a static IP in your router for your Kindle Fire HD. 
Wait I'm confused. You turn WiFi off when you want fast internet? Does the iPhone have that bad of a NIC that mobile is faster that WiFi 
I don't understand your concern. You're worried about a request to bypass 2FA?

How do you expect a hacker in China to bypass 2FA by sending you a random email? 
It connects to that domain about once an hour normally. The problem was that if I set the Fire down for a few hours I'd come back and it was dead because it would continuously spam the connection attempt until it got through, which I wasn't allowing. 
Ah the good old "It didn't happen to me therefore it must not be true" defense. Sorry to break it to you bud but the world is bigger than you and your church. Some churches believe in some fucked up stupid shit, like reeducation camps for Gays and Video Games are bad.

I used to have a picture of one of the books they gave us at highschool youth group trying to say how video games were going to ruin our lives, but that was over 10 years ago and I'm not going through 10 years worth of photos to dispel your ignorance. 
Non denominational, which is closer to protestant than anything. 
The church I grew up in taught video games were from the devil 
I do too. It's called Organized religion. 
Pointed the wrong direction. 
Probably in Swift
Bloatware and Spamware as it is I'd still prefer it to no AV 
I don't think it's a blind love for cops so much as a blind hatred for Black Lives Matter. I don't remember seeing this much pro cop stuff until after the "Kill all cop" stuff started in wake of the BLM movement. 
He's actually got some interesting parts in the Catalyst book. 
Completely agree 
Probably information gathering. 
Nope. I read yours. I just wanted to clarify that Common Sense is not a foolproof solution. 
> I am used to monitor my computers very closely (I normally use Linux but use Windows for gaming)

How are you monitoring your computer 
#Very Closely

> I have a very sharp eye for things not being what they pretend to be. 

How are you able to tell if a program is pretending to be something it's not? 

>There is no unwanted software except some of the useless Microsoft crap (which I blocked and removed partly) on my Windows machine, guaranteed. :)

How do you know there's no unwanted software if you don't use AV.

Basically everything you said is that you don't need AV because you're somehow able to do it yourself. I call bullshit. 
Because he's not an idiot. 
Still one of the best I've used. 
Said the snake oil salesman 
That's the worst advice I've every heard.

Don't go without Antivirus because you think you can spot the virus. The whole point of the virus is to prevent you from spotting it. But sure what's your magical technique for knowing if your computer has a virus on it without AV? 
It's called Malvertising. It's when someone puts malicious code into an ad then gives that ad to a host.

After Phishing, and Random Downloaded programs, it's actually the 3rd most common exploitation vector I've seen in years of security major enterprises 
Yup. Avast went downhill fast. It was always kinda garbage but they recently decided to super push sales. 
Norton used to be a huge resource hog, but they moved most of their processing to the cloud so it's pretty light now 
Because Malware doesn't try to hide or anything. 
No. But people who disable update enable vulnerabilities. Wannacry would have never been as big of an issue as it was if the computers were properly patched. Microsoft had a patch out over a month before the outbreak.

People who don't update are one of the biggest reasons security researchers have jobs. 
> Common sense 2017 Pro edition

Doesn't protect you against

Worms,
Malvertising
XSS
CNE 
Sure, but it will usually block the CnC 
No Antivirus catches all threats. In fact most statistics show AV only catches about 40% of threats.

There are other ways of catching threats but none are as automated as AV. 
Because they like to ensure that Security Researchers can stay employed for years. 
Kinda. It sent some basic OS fingerprints to a server. If the fingerprint matched one of 20ish Tech companies then the Downloader downloaded the actual Malware 
Bitdefender. It's consistently one of the highest rated AVs and they provide their basic AV for free 
You're forgetting the face that CCleaner was a targeted attack against 20ish Tech companies and average users weren't actually affected. 
It depends on who you're talking to. Officially the only branch that has a Boot Camp is the Marines. 
I was for the summer between Middle School and High School. I only remember parts of it, not because it was sort horrendous that I blocked it but because parts of it was boring.

What I do remember is lots of running, often carrying several gallons of water. Lots of pushups, pull ups, and sit ups. Matching everywhere in the 112F heat.

Everything had to be perfect in our barracks. Every shoe had to be laced the same, every bed needed to have hospital corners that were exactly 6 inches deep, the fold on the sheet had to be exactly 18 inches from the head board, etc. 

I think about the only thing I really actually remember from it is how to roll shirts and how to do hospital corners.  
TIL aswell. Security Onion is awesome. And you can set up one server and multiple collectors, I run two at my house. One inside and one outside the firewall. And I can view both collectors from one server 
Appreciate it. People have different options downvotes are just one way of expressing it. I don't really mind downvotes. 
That was fantastic to read. I wonder what he was try to do in actually. 
> I'm a Catholic whore, currently enjoying congress out of wedlock with my black Jewish boyfriend who works at a military abortion clinic. So, hail Satan, and have a lovely afternoon, madam.

But in this case she could modify it slightly to say she's wearing provocative clothing because she's a Catholic whore, currently enjoying congress out of wedlock with my black Jewish boyfriend who works at a military abortion clinic. So, hail Satan, and have a lovely afternoon. 

Just to see what the reaction would be. 
What the heck is a NSA blow and go? 
It's a, unsurprisingly, security focused Debian distro. Its got a bunch of security tools built in like snort and squill. It's got a SIEM built in so you can collect full pcap and analyze events.
CISSP has unfortunately already started to lose its value. When I see "CISSP required" for a help desk position it starts to show how little employers understand about the cert. 
The best advice I was ever told was that people who actually know something will do what they can to make sure everyone can understand it. That means not speaking above someone then dumbing it down. Keep it simple and if the other person understands then increase the technicality until you strike the balance where you're a technical as possible while still being understandable. 
What's wrong with Bosom? It's quite ravishing. 
Could someone please reply to one of these guys with the Church quote from Kingsman (modifying it a little bit to make it fit the situation)? That would be magical. 
I'd go with several VMs.

Install proxmox on it and use if as a VM server. Security Onions a good one that I'd run on it constantly. 
Check out A+ it's all about Computer hardware. Good starting place if you don't know anything. But your best bet is to look up the serial number of each part online and try to read some manuals on it. 
Ani is a word Japanese adults use to refer to their Elder Brother.

I'm guessing that since they keep adding W to things (cwuddles) they probably added w to Ani to try and sound more...... Kawaii? 
I don't know about Android TV but I know the Movies Anywhere app doesn't have a screen resolution inform 
Openvpn for Android https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.blinkt.openvpn

This app allows a per app basis and accepts certs so it works with major commercial vendors like PIA.
I think it's more of they don't realize that's them.

I used to be an ultra niceguy in high school and some college. If I had seen these back then I would have never thought that was me. 
Yes it technically can. It's running on a FreeBSD backend. It's unlikely, but possible. 
He's not getting down voted for being wrong. He's getting it for the vague internet keyboard warrior threat. 
It seems like it's failing to load the map file. Cam you check that line (looks like line 298) and see where it's pointing?

Maybe you need to modify the line to point to the correct map file? 
That's why carriers now do Jump plans. Keeps you from every outright owning the phone because you're always trading it in for a new one, and a new loan. 
> You have to wash clothes? That means you have clean clothes to wear while you wash the dirty ones.

That's what you think. 
I know that's what the guy is copying but the Mind Palace is actually a real memory technique that predates Sherlock, even the books, by years. But it doesn't work the same way as in the show. 
>Sherlock will be a good show.... In 5 years when we get the new season. 
Perhaps I should have clerified that better. Internet connected Smart Homes. 
It starts as a joke and then becomes a habit. I started joking abbjownro pronoun restaurants to bug my wife but I've found that I have to start paying attention when I talk to other people because I'll mispronounce it to them as well. 
It's Chi-pot-le right ^/s
This is something I've had to deal with in Security.

I had a manager ask me "Why do we pay $500k a year for Antivirus? We haven't had a virus in 3 years." I've since found out that reporting metrics and converting those into $$$$ on a weekly basis got me more things when I needed them. 

We need a firewall update? Remember those $$$ we're saving by not letting intruders on out network? If we don't update that firewall those $$$ are going to go down. 
My mother does the same thing. I work in computer Security Analysis, Forensics, and incident response. I can find a nation state on your computer but I can't figure out why your computer is making a clicking sound when you run the Greeting Card program you bought in 1997. 
Also it has about a 1.5-2 second delay in recording. Resulting in people being at my door before the Camera actually records them. So more often than not I was only getting the top of people's head. I had to move the camera down to a vulnerable position to actually capture people's faces. 
Smart homes are new. And lots of companies in the Smart home business are young start up tech companies looking to make a quick buck. Often these devices are built with functionality not security in mind. So many have weaknesses like hard coded admin passwords, plain text traffic, sensors that over collect, inability to be patched, unnecessary network connections, etc. Many developers will purposely circumvent security because it makes functionality easier. 
Tiny Metal. It's basically a fan recreation and improvement on Advanced Wars 2.
I'm not nearly smart enough to say if that's true or not so I'm going to wait for real scientists to answer 
Well if God says so. Goes God take PayPal or would God prefer bitcoin? 
There's stuff in any show that people in general should not like. Anime is just a culture difference. Harems, Lolis, incest, is just culturally more acceptable over there.

That said. If they only shows you watch are Ecchi Lolli Yuri Shisutā then you probably need help. 
> my taste is rather mature

Dude have you seen Berserk? 
Sure. All 0 of them
Sorry. I don't. 
Nope. Because no one knew who he was before he became an insufferably douchey internet celebrity. 
Sure. But again who said those are human days 
I thought he had magic glasses or something. I don't really know. I only know the stories they told me in church and summer camps growing up. 
Nor according to Paul. According to Paul God wrote the Bible and he just scribed the words. 
Sure, but by the same logic who's to say that the 7 days the Earth was created in were 7 Human days? 
Right. We can come extremely close to mathematically proving it. I just love that Christians can believe in an all powerful being in the sky nut can't believe in science, or the fact that that all powerful God can create people smart enough to understand how to do carbon dating 
The big issue I was taught about Carbon  dating when I grew up was that no one has been around long enough to confirm that Carbon's half life is when we say it is.

Now obviously we can come fairly close to mathematically proving this, but you know, Christians can't believe in something without seeing it ^/s
See this this is silly. I was raised Christian. Even the Bible suggests the earth is older than 10K years.

2nd Peter 3:8 "But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day"

So if the Lord created the world in 7 days than that's at least 7k years. And if Man was created on the 7 that day that means the world was 7K old before Adam was even created. 

Nor saying I believe this. It's just funny that the people who do believe this don't even read it. 
You can fast travel between regions and between seeing stone towers. I think you can after Act 1, but the load times are long on Ps4 and once you get the ability to summon the drake it's quicker to just fly there. 
The ones about boarding zone only apply to non southwest flights. They very much care about zone with Southwest, and you definitely don't want to be the last person to board if you're 6'2" like me. 
I'll be damned. That actually works. A bit unconventional but it works. 
Only time I get angry at vapers is when I'm standing in line and the person in front of me is vaping. I get it's mostly just water vapor but that doesn't mean I want to breath that shit in. 
Authy uses a different Authy app for initial set up 
That's garbage. Sorry man. 
Most routers have two places you can modify DNS. The routers DNS settings itself and the DHCP settings. If you modify the DHCP the router will tell each device that gets a dynamic ip to use whatever server you assign. When you do this the devices will no longer go to your router for DNS. Instead they will contact that device for their DNS. If that device is not around they'll go back to contacting your router. 
Fantastic! I'm glad that fixed it for you. 
I'd just switch to Authy which has a cloud backup built in. 
Perfect. Your issue appears to be a DNS issue. Notice how it doesn't get an IP.

Try following the steps here: use.opendns.com 
No you can't. You can get individual back up codes for each account but Google Auth does not support backups.

Authy on the other hand does. 
The CBI is no joke. I know a buddy that got caught by them. He's spending 50 to life in cyber prison getting abused by the hacker known as 4Chan 
Don't set your routers DNS to the pihole. Leave that as something like OpenDNS  but modify the DHCP setting so that the routers assigns each client the pihole DNS. This will provide the redundancy you need. If the pihole goes down then the router still has a DNS. 
Interesting. So it's not a DHCP issue because you got a valid ip address.

Try
> tracert www.google.com

And
>nslookup www.google.com

Let's see if it's DNS or routing issues. 
Man what a rabbit hole question.

In short: It depends on a lot of factors.

In long: There are some fundamental questions about your schools network topology and security policy that would need to be answered first. Some of these questions are, does the school collect logs? If so what type of logs? Is it Netflow logs which just have an IP5 Tuple? Or is it full PCAP? How long do they store the logs for? Where is the collector that collects the logs? Is it the router or a separate network tap? If it's a separate network tap where is the tap? Do the routers NAT or is there 1 centralized NAT device? Do they have some form of IDS? 

Let's go worst case scenario and assume that the school has full PCAP collection at the individual routers with an IDS (best security practice). Your traffic is still going to be encrypted to and from any HTTPS website; however your MAC address is never encrypted. It can't be. So imagining that you were the only one using Reddit at your school at the time that comment was posted the sysadmin could check their logs for who went to reddit at that time. They could get your MAC, which is enough to identify your computer but not you. 
The sysadmin could place your MAC address in the IDS (terrible idea because that'd generate way to many alerts) and collect every packet going to or from your computer. Then maybe you go to an HTTP site and sign in. That is going to be over plain text and since the sysadmin is watching for your computer they could see that login. Maybe that login contains your email, or account name, now the sysadmin knows your email. Your email is probably attached to your Facebook or Twitter account.

Or let's take a step back. Let's say you never log into a HTTP site. The sysadmin could watch where you go on campus by making a timeline of your MAC address connecting to different access points. It's be a hazy location, but if they did it enough they could establish a pattern of life and match that up with student schedules (provided they could get those). This would become more or less easy to do based on the number of access points and students the school has. It's actually inversely proportional. More student less access points = harder to track. Less students more access points = easier to track 

In short (again): It's theoretically possible but very unlikely that a school has the capability to do this and probably less likely that they have the desire to. Nevertheless you're best off not posting negative things about someone using their public Wi-Fi. 
Yea. I'm confused by the fact that it doesn't use UDP for streaming the video. Instead it uses a ton of GETs to grab individual images. It's very bizarre. 
I want to clerify this "minority" thing. On Ps4 right now 34% of people who bought the game completed it. 8% of people who bought it completed the Shadow Wars. That means that 75% of people who beat the game never went on to finish the Shadow Wars.

That's a pretty damaging number on what people thought about it. The Shadow Wars has a 75% burn out rate where people stop playing. Now whether that's because something else came out, they got busy, or like just got burnt out it's safe to say that the true minority are those that actually enjoyed the Shadow Wars otherwise that % would be much closer to the completion rate. 
I can't even count how many times I broke my computer trying to install a Lego Medieval game. It wanted an older version of Direct X than what was the current at the time. So the computer would happily fail to install the old Direct X then Uninstall the current Direct X because there was an error. Bam, computer is inoperable now.

Oh Windows 95. 
Geeksquad used to have the Black Tie protection which was AMAZING. $8 a month and a $50 refundable deposit on damages.

Now they're garbage. I'd stick with Samsungs insurance if that's your only other option. Samsung would certainly give you a better refurbished phone since they make the phones can can quality check them better than Bestbuy who has hundreds of phones.
Can you place files in the folder? 
It should. 
Well you weren't kidding about a strange sound.

Sorry. I haven't the foggiest clue what that is. 
They work, but you won't get full speeds. You'll get about a quarter of the speed. 
I'm a little confused but I'm going to try answering this anyways.

If "right there" means next to the first router then no you don't need a Powerline adapter. You can just connect the two routers with a LAN cable. Powerline adapters are for extending ethernet to different rooms without running a LAN cable all the way. If you want to use two routers than just make sure you set the second one to Access Point mode.

As for slowdown there's usually no slowdown as long as you buy a powerline adapter that has equal or higher bandwidth than your current network. For example if you pay for 300Mbps than you need to get a powerline adapter that supports 300Mbps or higher. There's some issues with electrical wiring. Bad wiring can cause issues but there's no real good way to check this before hand.

To answer your first question, a powerline adapter is your best option. Some people will recommend Wi-Fi range extenders but I'd stay away from those. They quarter your speeds over Wi-Fi. 
They're also garbage. They put a half duplex on top of a half duplex. 
You can use Microsoft's Application Verifier. It doesn't give a lot of options for memory management, but allows to run apps in 'resource constrained' environment. It's primary usage is for profiling/debugging, but it can be used just to constrain bad behaving apps.
Yea. Don't list to that.

90C is almost 200F. I don't think any computer can survive sustained use at that temp. 
90C is almost 200F (194). I don't think any computer can survive sustained use at 200F. 
Can it be done? Yes.

Should it be done? Maybe.

Newer systems have began to use something called a Hybrid Raid where the SSD handles all the READ operations and therefor "speeds up" the mechanical drive. But this is still a newish system. What's more likely to happen is the SSD will be limited by the read write speed of the mechanical drive 
That's not true. On a RAID 0 the volume is the sum of the capacity of the disks used. Since RAID 0 has no redundancy. In a RAID 1 yes you are correct it will mirror and and therefore will limit the storage to make sure it all fits on one drive.