That's good to know.
I used to care... Now that I'm old the ringing in my ears don't let me care. Lol
I actually don't think they are killing anything. I think this is about as revenue on YouTube music videos. Since GOM users get ad free and.music videos are played right through the app, I don't think ad revenue is shared with the labels like song plays are paid out. So I think by combining services into one sub model does that. Ad revenue on YouTube and then per song play for sub users.
Did you do the port forwarding in your router?
I really hope they don't pick music videos to play over just audio.. cause I use GPM on LTE all the time and while I have unlimited, I really want my $10 a month discount for staying under 2 gig. Lmao
I doubt it will be. In Google play music, you already get music videos for search results. I bet this is going to just be a rebranding of YouTube music and play music into a new app/experience.
I pay for streaming because I can't afford to buy everything I love listening to all the time. Lol I will admit I've worried if artists are getting a fair cut of my streaming pay vs if I would have bought the album.
Just to add, I've spent the last 6 years doing this. I tried Spotify for a week and it was a totally different experience (in a bad way) and I cancelled the sub early. GPMs algorithm is amazing for new music. I really hope none of this changes...
The cost of deployment to production has been a major factor for losing devs too. Once you cost out licensing of everything you've received free as a Dev, you find that your small startup is going to have a tough time staying ahead or costs when you don't have e customers yet. That's why linux and open sourced tech has been so important over the last decade. Now MS realized that and open sourced the language, made it run on Linux, and then said, "here, deploy to Azure!" In hoping they will make out in monthly hosting costs instead of licensing revenue. It's working so far, I think.
I always turn in at the store. I will never mail my phone in because of this anti-consumerist practice.
I disagree. If they tell you that you are going to get $150 and then turn around and tell you that they are only going to do $25 and you have no way to say "no" at that point they've changed the terms of the deal...
But don't you think that it's even partially fraudulent that they claim your device is broken, without giving you proof or no recourse then change the terms of the deal after they already have your property?
That's one thing you don't need to train a border collie to do. Lol
I know what you mean. We had a border collie puppy that was raised in a barn.. the first two months we're literal hell. The biting, the running, and the overall never listening or paying attention to us was s nightmare. However, she's our love bug now. She still gets rough but redirection and positive reinforcement is helping that go away.

Never use punishment at this stage. It will end up setting you back, or worse case scenario change their personality for the worse.
I use it for all my poweshell, nodejs, and Arduino stuff.. it's quite nice.
The best thing about subscriptions is you can stop them for a while and start them back up later....
That article is from 2017. lol
Thanks!
I have an S9+ I bought from TMobile and I don't have facebook installed. Never did.
I had found a few older videos with his dogs where he was demonstrating what positive reinforcement could do. It was all frisbee tricks, jumping up on his feet while he was laying on his back, etc. I bought his book and watched a ton of his videos and used "his" techniques on my dog. Granted, shes a border collie, but she responded extremely well and does really well.
Thanks for the info. I sleep to music so using my headphones is a must. I would just need to charge in the morning or right before bed.
They said pvp wasn't going to count.
On the s8+ I had to use the facebook apps installer for the gear vr.  Maybe that hasn't changed?
I haven't looked into these yet, but think I will need to. I use headphones all the time and don't like bluetooth headsets because I hate having one more thing to keep charged. How do the external dacs connect?  USB? Can you charge the phone and listen to music at the same time?
I'd rather see it the other way around. Death tax for dying to pvp.
Then maybe he shouldn't be doing a 12 hour stream if he's going to act like that?
A real man would respect a womans right to choose what she does or does not do. A real man would also defend her right to choose when others would question, even if he disagreed.
Make discord push to talk and have the stream always on. If you are saying things in discord you don't want heard in stream, it's probably best to not be streaming when saying those things. The risk of it accidentally being streamed is high.
Thank you!!
Recipe?
When this happened to me back at my first apartment, I only had a laptop with me. The desktop was back at my mom's house. He told me he had to install all this software for the connection to work.. I showed him it was working already on the laptop and he can't touch it since it was a work computer (I lied). He tried to force the issue and I told him he's never touching it and I shut it down and bagged it back up. He eventually just left. I don't know what he did after that, but it never came up on any bills or in any kind of service being shut off. I have a feeling they told the techs it's required but when they call it in that it's a refusal, they probably just drop it. I don't see how it could be legal even in a contract that they MUST have their software for the internet to work at that point.
We don't see what happened before they started running... They could have been running because of how the one dude was acting that was trying to open the car doors.
then tenure unit, the Rex... Hell, let's just call it the t-Rex.
You can buy the game somewhere else and link it to your Uplay account and it takes the higher edition. I had been gifted starter on steam and ended up buying the complete edition when it was 40% off on the humble store. I still even launch it from steam.
Our attic is/was overrun with field mice. We had no idea what to do. They started coming into the regular living area so I used a snap trap, once. Never again. I bought some Victor live mouse traps. They are big metal boxes and if they get in they can't get out. So far, I've caught 12 mice total and let them go down near a river about a mile away. I think one even waved at me as it was running away. Lol
Get mr number and block all calls from numbers not in your contact list. If it's a legitimate call, they'll leave a voicemail and you can call them back then add them to your contact list or whitelist it.
If your boyfriend is not standing up to his family for you, he's not a boyfriend you want to keep.
I'm going to join you.
Motos mean [nothing](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/28/politics/justices-rule-police-do-not-have-a-constitutional-duty-to-protect.html).
Police aren't paid to protect. They are paid to clean up crime scenes and make arrests after crimes are committed.

Edit: Because people are hell bent on only believing with their feelings, you can have a read about this [here](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/28/politics/justices-rule-police-do-not-have-a-constitutional-duty-to-protect.html).
We have this conversation every year. The answer was always no.
Mirror one of your monitors to the elgato monitor.
That gives me an idea... We used to marinate chicken in Vidalia onion dressing before grilling it... I bet that on califlower would be amazing!
Holy crap, that's got what I've been looking for too. The one that's in Amazon says it's a modified brown switch, but it's not by cherry mx. I wonder if I'd be taking a risk on it not working well or being consistent switch to switch. Do you know what brand switches they use? Off hand I can't find any more info on it. It's cheap, only 90 bucks...
I have a Razer Blackwidow Chroma V2 with Orange switches in it at home. At work, my boss is letting me use his mechanical keyboard that has some knock off MX Blue switches in it. It's crazy loud. I really like the feel of the Orange switches in the Blackwidow, but the pronounced bump in the work keyboard is nice too. I need to replace the one at work since it's so dang loud. It's a very loud click and it's extremely annoying. Should I look for MX Browns? If so, I've seen some options from Ducky, Das Keyboard, Coolermaster, and Hyper-x. I need dedicated Volume/Mute keys as well as the num pad. RGB isn't absolutely necessary but I've grown fond of my lighting setup in my Blackwidow. lol 

Tell me what to buy! (Also, switch options if the Browns are not like the Razer Oranges).
Well, can't argue that logic.
Major cities have a larger crime issue than some of our smaller ones. Crazy people are everywhere.
I don't feel I need an AR-15 for protection, but I do feel I need a gun for protection. I have guns, as well as my CPL so I can carry the times I need to go into work late at night or stay overnight alone. Both my house and my work are not in very good areas... And by not very good, we have a drug dealer and a pimp living next door and at work there are 3 crack houses across the street.
We had a cop here shoot himself at the gun range a few years ago. I'm not sure what he was doing at the time, but he nailed himself right in the side of his knee.
I am hoping as well....
People have already supposedly had a hands on and said no.
I know someone just the opposite.. it's a streamer that lives at home with parents and siblings and is constantly on stream saying that they haven't eaten in the last day or two because they have no money for food, then you hear them vaping. Then an hour later telling everyone that they have a donation link for food. Someone donated $40 and the next day he was talking about the new mouse he bought... Yet he still hadn't eaten that day, apparently ...
If it's crashing that much for you per game, then I think it's less likely it's the game....
Honestly, since we started cooking it ourselves, we've been much happier. No more drinking a gallon of water from the sodium and then running to the bathroom because of some mystery ingredient/preservative they use.
If you cook with oil, we use canola oil in the pan and basically fry it on each side till golden brown and crunch. We tried to mak it healthy and not use oil and it didn't work well.. so, oil it is for us. Lol
I'm paying less now than when I first signed up....
The comments on this article are just sad.
Does anyone know if there is a way to watch it without a cable package?
Thanks for the info. I just called and left their office a message on both the office line and the after hours emergency line. They are closed on Friday so I'm hoping to get a call back soon. Any of the other offices that are open today close in about 4 hours. I'm considering just calling one and telling them the situation and seeing if they can fit me in. Other wise, I'm stuck until monday.

The biggest concern I have is the whole feeling air come through it. I'm not even trying to do it, in fact, I'm trying hard NOT to do it but it's happening WAY too easily which is what has me the most concerned.
And who's to say the note 9 will be much different than the s9? I have an s8+ and I'm going to get the note 8. My wife has one and for what I do, that pen is super useful.
Thank you for doing this for als. My mother in law went through it. Despite her positive attitude from the whole thing, it's changed me.
Can this be done in a store?
Yep. My girl is barely 30 lbs and on the small side. Super fast and agile.
Obnoxious brand loyalty.
I watched a TON of his videos and bought his books. Followed "his" techniques and it's worked out well for our dog. However, she is a border collie, very food and toy motivated, and very easy to train. I really don't know how you can use his techniques on a lazy dog that doesn't go nuts for treats. lol

His techniques are not really anything earth shattering new, either. He's just presenting positive reinforcement training. Most everything he teaches can be found from other sources of positive reinforcement training. 
There is a mag stripe reader on the side of that thing. It will work there, but not in the slot reader for the chip. Even if that slot for the chip was a mag reader and the card plunged all the way in and out, it still wouldn't work because the mag reader will be too far from the MST transmitter in the phone. 
You have something else causing it or you did something wrong.
Lol you have no idea what your talking about.
Bull. Never had a problem with bxActions.
I have the s8+ now, and it's still a tad small when I do remote desktop. So the stylus would be great. So tempting!
I am having such a hard time waiting right now.. I only owe $25 left to be Jump eligible and my wife just got a Note 8. I really really like the note 8 and am seriously trying to hold back just picking one up now.
Very bumpy.
It does if you are going into a place that writes business apps, especially accounting based ones. You will still need experience to make what you are now. However, the Detroit area is a hot market, so you may get lucky.
Good tip!
.Net is more like an SDK (hence the name .Net Framework) for developing applications. You can read up on it [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.NET_Framework). So, to answer the question as simply as possible, yes. It's quite good for doing that.
Yea, it's all good. I did miss seeing the deleted tag.
That's great! Keep at it, take lots of courses and make lots of sample apps. Don't focus on Unity. The jobs in C# that you will land will all be business apps and probably focusing a lot of ASP.Net/JavaScript.
OMG. Pecan Maple. And supposedly Kroger is going to carry it.

Thanks for pointing this out! I'm always looking for new brands to try and support!
The Seventh-Day Adventists explain it differently. They say that this is only because Adam and Eve sinned and their punishment was that there wouldn't be an abundance of plants enough to feed everything anymore. Man (and all animals) were supposed to be vegan, 100%.

Genesis 1:29-30
> 29 And God said, “Behold, I have given you every plant yielding seed that is on the face of all the earth, and every tree with seed in its fruit. You shall have them for food. 30 And to every beast of the earth and to every bird of the heavens and to everything that creeps on the earth, everything that has the breath of life, I have given every green plant for food.” And it was so.

This is primarily why a good portion of them are vegans.
Have a public portfolio, github repository, or some other way for them to verify your skills. Have a pleasant, but no bullshit resume. Apply for every entry level job you see and go through the interviews. Don't lie about skills or abilities, just be honest. Some company will be willing to take you on, but don't expect to make bank on your first job. You may get lucky with a company paying you a normal salary, but I would take even a crap paying job for the first 6 months to a year, then jump ship with your working experience. Don't stay at the first company unless they recognize the skills and pay accordingly to your area and level, and ultimately if you like working there. You may have to put up with some crap until you get some decent experience on the resume.

Where are you located (generally speaking)?
Leave the hoodies out of this, it's cold in my office!
> everything there is disposable garbage, that why is so cheap.

They sell Craftsman tools? I didn't know that....
Their daily specials are usually posted to the facebook page and their web page has their full menu. Definitely go. It's a little pricey but it's very worth it!
I have such a hard time finding places to eat where I live so this was a very nice change.
I woke up with my dogs tongue going up my left nostril. There's a place and a time for dog kisses, but first thing in the morning while still asleep is not it. Lol
The place is called The Clean Plate in Shelby Township, MI. It was great! Mushroom Stroganoff, Mac and cheese, and a Reuben!

Desert wasn't in the picture, but I had a piece of chocolate mushroom pue, and she had a messy brownie.
Wow. You must be fun at parties..
Apple didn't do jack when we took it to an Apple store. They reset it twice and said, there ya go! No thanks. We've never had this many issues with other phones.
Mms randomly not sending, screen touches not registering randomly, safari, randomly freezing or not loading pages, apps losing all their settings and having to be set back up...
Lol, my wife is the exact opposite. She's always had Android, got an iPhone 7 plus, and after only 8 months can't wait to get back to Android. She said the issues and general day to day glitches are too annoying.
Non-violence never works.
We spent $250 on our wedding and went on a 2 week honeymoon in a relatively unknown town. My mom was super pissed.
Damn. Was really considering a note 8. Now I may wait for the s9+.
Then maybe you need to redesign that process so it doesn't look shady. There are much better ways to present this to someone than some shady pop up.
Don't buy your phone from them.  Tons of deals on unlocked phones. Best buy had a $350 off a note 8 unlocked with trade in for black Friday. Amazon has sales on phones too.
PTT was my most loved, and hated feature.. I loved using it, but hated other people for using it in public with their volume on full blast.
Why do you even ask people to subscribe when they are making a donation? I honestly do not see a reason for that other than a cash grab..
I'm not a smart man and don't know laws dealing with any of this.. so can someone eli5 what laws would have been broken by Trump and if they are proven true how quickly would it end his presidency?
It's because he doesn't know how to.
If this triggers you, you need to get tf off the internet.
Cherry Garcia is awesome on top of daiya cheesecake.
I love that one!
Ask them if the dog needs exercise during the day and see if they'll let you wear it out.
The first comment on that posts addresses it, however.
It doesn't have anything to do with purity. Christians are no longer under the Mosaic laws. However, some of them are followed for health reasons and health reasons only. You will find some people that treat it like it's some do this or burn in hell law, but that isn't what the church really teaches. As with everything in life, people take basic concepts and twist them to use it as a way to control others. Usually, ones that leave are ones that are either trying to be controlled by others, or have been befriended by ones that do. It's unfortunate because the health message of the Adventists is the one most used to say they are legalistic control freaks. I guess with anything in life, it can be taken to extremes and ruined.

You are right about the ethics part... That really should be abhuge part about it... Especially since they are also very pro environment as well..
Thanks! I corrected it.
Tell them to go talk to the Seventh-Day Adventists about this . Lol
If you want to look up a church that takes this seriously, look up the seventh day Adventist. There are a ton of studies that look at those people solely because they statistically live longer than most Americans. Most of them, especially ones that live around Loma linda, are vegan.

Edit: auto correct got me..
Damn.. I liked this stuff too. What's the other name they used?
Let me know how that works out for you. Their deals have been tempting.
No.. you don't have to do this.
I agree!
More than 400 American millionaires and billionaires are sending a letter to Congress this week urging Republican lawmakers not to cut their taxes.

The wealthy Americans, which include doctors, lawyers, entrepreneurs and CEOs, say the GOP is making a mistake by reducing taxes on the richest families at a time when the the nation's debt is high and inequality is back at the worst level since the 1920s.

The letter calls on Congress not to pass any tax bill that "further exacerbates inequality" and adds to the debt. Instead of cutting taxes of the wealthy, the letter tells Congress to raises taxes on rich people like them. It is being released publicly this week, as Republicans debate legislation which would add $1.5 trillion to the debt to pay for widespread tax cuts for businesses and individuals.

The letter was put together by Responsible Wealth, a group that advocates for progressive causes. Signers include Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream founders Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield, fashion designer Eileen Fisher, billionaire hedge fund manager George Soros and philanthropist Steven Rockefeller, as well as many individuals and couples who aren't household names but have at least $1 million in assets.

"I think a tax cut is absurd," said Robert "Bob" Crandall, a former American Airlines CEO who now lives in Florida and added his name to the letter. Republicans are "saying we can’t afford to spend money, but we can afford to give rich people a huge tax break. This makes no sense," Crandall said.

Cutting taxes on businesses and individuals is the centerpiece of "MAGA-nomincs," President Trump's plan to spur more growth and jobs in the country. The House and Senate have unveiled tax plans this month that they hope to pass and get on the president's desk by Christmas.

While the House and Senate bill have substantial differences, both bills cut taxes, on average, for many millionaires and billionaires. The Senate bill even cuts the top tax rate people couples earning over $1 million (and individuals earning over $500,000) from 39.6 percent to 38.5 percent.

The White House and congressional Republicans argue that everything in the bill is geared toward pumping more investment into the U.S. economy. They say the money that corporations and the rich save on their taxes would likely be used to start new companies or build new factories.

"I don't believe that we've set out to create a tax cut for the wealthy. If someone's getting a tax cut, I'm not upset that they're getting a tax cut," Gary Cohn, the head of Trump's National Economic Council, said in an interview with CNBC last week. "Everything in our tax system is meant to encourage investment."

But signers of the Responsible Wealth letter disagree, arguing that corporations are already at record profit levels and wealthy people don't need more money. They would rather see the government use the funds to invest in education, research and roads that benefit everyone and to ensure that safety net programs like Medicaid aren't cut.

"I have a big income. If my income gets bigger, I’m not going to invest more. I'll just save more," said Crandall, who is retired.

The letter specifically criticizes Congress for attempting to repeal the estate tax, which is only paid on assets worth over $5.49 million ($11 million for couples) that are left to heirs. The House bill would eliminate the estate tax entirely. The Senate plan would double the threshold so people could inherit up to $11 million ($22 million for couples) tax free.

At the moment only 5,000 families a year end up paying the estate tax. Under the Senate plan, that would drop to just 1,800 families, according to a report by the Joint Committee on Taxation, Congress' official non-partisan estimators.

"Repealing the estate tax alone would lose an estimated $269 billion over 10 years -- more than we would spend on the Food and Drug Administration, Centers for Disease Control, and Environmental Protection Agency combined," the letter stated.

Responsible Wealth is a liberal organization that teamed up for Voices for Progress on this campaign. Most of the signers of the letter come from California, New York and Massachusetts, states that went for Hillary Clinton in the last election. Former Labor Secretary Robert Reich, a backer of Bernie Sanders, also signed the letter. They hope to remind Congress that not everyone is clamoring for lower taxes. Several signers have already visited Capitol Hill to meet with Republicans and Democrats, especially from their home states.

"This has to be one of the few times members of Congress have been visited by people saying don’t give me a tax cut," said Mike Lapham, who inherited sizable wealth from his family's paper mill in upstate New York and now directs the Responsible Wealth project at United for a Fair Economy. "Wealthy people are saying it themselves: we don't need a tax cut."

Republican representatives from California, New York and New Jersey are expected to be key swing votes that could make or break the GOP tax plan efforts. Many of these members are upset that the House and Senate bills eliminate a popular tax break known as the state and local tax deduction (SALT), which is used by many filers earning over $100,000 a year, especially in high-tax states.
I wish I could do this... My egg allergies are so bad that even shared griddle surfaces cause issues for me.
I've never seen this one around here. I'll have to drive to Whole Foods to see if they have it.
I would say think about being able to carry your laptop everywhere, but in your pocket instead of in a bag. I just don't know about the typing aspect... I pretty much suck with the on screen keyboard. I need a larger, physical keyboard to be accurate. I just can't find a good keyboard that would fit in my pocket. Lol
That sounds delicious!
I really never thought of that with using the cell number for 2fa. Most of my accounts using an authenticator, but I do have a few that text me a code.... I'm going to go change this. Thanks for this.
I can really only eat the Daiya cheddar when it's melted. I love it, melted. Something about melting it changes the taste of it. When it's not melted, it's... different.
Now I don't feel bad for making my son make an extra PB&J sandwich because I didn't think he ate enough at dinner... 
I thought the same thing, but the lady is standing to the left of the blonde in the back ground. You only see a quick glimpse of her, but it's her with the frilly dark hair. You only get to see her for about a second.
I just bought another package of those.. So tasty. The Tofurkey Beer Brats aren't too bad either.
Our local Kroger store just started to carry it so we tried it and it's great! The only problem is it's $6 here. Daiya's slices are cheaper, so we end up having to do the cheaper option.
What happened with Jill Stein?
I turn that down just so I get peace and quiet at work. Lol
> If a deal had been done, Deutsche Telekom would have had full con­trol. In late Oc­to­ber, Mr. Son be­gan to re­al­ize that he wasn’t will­ing to give up con­trol of Sprint.

What did he expect? Does he think Sprint is something it's not? With his comments through this year in dealing with charter and talking about this merger after that, I'm starting to think he has some sort of power trip going on.
"Those that can, do. Those that cannot do, teach."
I think SoftBank was just trying to get their way so DT came back with a little better deal, but still a deal leaving DT in majority control. They nothing probably said "here is our final offer" and it wasn't good enough for either company.
I don't know about 2 months, but I think we'll hear about this again. I really think that Sprint is not going to make it without some sort of help.
Maybe, but I tend to believe that ultimately we would come out of that stronger bonded and changed in such a way the world would view us stronger, not weaker.
Wow! What a horrible experience!
How is it stacked?
I'd call Apple support and work through them. Once they determine it needs to be exchanged they can reserve not only a phone, but an appointment time at the store. We're an hour away from one too and they were more than helpful with this.
If it came down to it and the president sent the military out to keep citizenry in check with military force, I think the president himself would over estimate our military personnel's moral compass to follow that order. Sure, there will be some that won't desert the military, but those will be dealt with by those of us willing to die protecting our democracy.
I played on my server when I had it. I never banned anyone, even when people wanted me to because they thought they were hacking. I watched them and it didn't look like it to me, so no ban. Then I got killed repeatedly by someone so I put a bag and box down near them. Put extra stuff in it and mounted a counter assault. My first respawn I was accused of using the admin teleport and spawning in stuff. Even after trying to show them what I did they still cried and said I spawned it in. It goes both ways. Players can be real dicks.
I'm no hacker, but I don't think it's just that simple. The mail servers themselves have to validate it.

[This](https://blog.returnpath.com/how-to-explain-dkim-in-plain-english-2/) tries to explain it.
After reading the comments here tonight, I'm going to go with "people really are as dumb as the republicans."
I really can't believe you are saying that it's ok that all happened just because you think "it wasn't enough to influence the election." Anything for the party, right?
Just more of the same around here...
I guess you are right then. While people laser focus on this Russia non-sense, they refuse to see the underlying problem of this whole thing. we KEEP putting up dirty candidates on both sides and not letting anyone else put their hat in the ring, while making it fair for all the candidates. I get it. You're mad. Hopefully we'll end up with an impeachment soon. But this will KEEP happening. We will ALWAYS have this problem, as long as we keep holding 2 very large political parties up as the end all be all of our politics in this country. They are both corrupt, as we have seen very clear lately, they both are paid by corporations to be anti-consumer, and they absolutely think Americans are stupid. Maybe they are....
> This is completely true, but what does it have to do with not being outraged that a foreign government has its hand up our President's ass?    

And you don't think past president didn't? lol
Oh, sorry.. Maybe I should edit it.
What threat? A threat of them buying ads and manning troll accounts that take advantage of people believing what they want to believe? That's going to happen regardless. If it's not Russia, it will be the special interest groups doing the same thing, which they have been for decades. The only reason people are all up in arms about Russia because it's a foreign country. If people would think for themselves, this wouldn't even matter, but yet here we are. Having this discussion because Americans are gullible. 
Never said I voted for Trump. There were more than 2 candidates, you know.. 
In order to fix a problem, you need to know what the problem is. And if people want to keep blaming Russia, well then you would be right.. We'll never fix it.
A good start is to put up a candidate that actually isn't corrupt or does shady crap. I was a die hard republican from birth and I was ready to vote Sanders. There was NO WAY IN HELL I was going to vote for Trump.. Then, Hillary made sure it was "her turn" in the spotlight. Stop doing crap like that and maybe we wouldn't be in this position.

Edit: To be clear, I did not vote for Trump. I went 3rd party, that I really wish was treated like just a party in the race instead of some red headed step child of politics (even though some of their ideas probably are lol).
Use one without a desktop. Go straight cli.
You know, I've had my arguments with him over stuff and we've disagreed and he really sticks to his opinions. However, that is no reason to call the person out like this. He posts some great info along with his shilly Samsung stuff. Just because he's trying help people doesn't mean he needs to be bashed like this.
Some people watch a streamer because of the game they play and like the personality of that streamer playing that game. When you switch they lose interest and go somewhere else. I've seen quite a few medium sized streamers that built their community around a single game. They lose interest and move to a different game and their view counts drop a lot. Even on my small channel, if I stream a game for a few weeks, I start to build a good viewer count, but then I switch and have to start all over. Lol untill you get more people that will watch you no matter what game you playing, I think this is probably expected. Play what interests you and people will stick around if you're fun to watch no matter what game you play.
While I will agree with you that the s8+ is still the best phone this year, I will admit that the X looks nice and the Apple users got a great option this time. I'm sure those users will love it just as much as we love our 8s.
Trillian right now company wide, but we're trying out Microsoft Teams with IT, support, and development right now. We're probably going to be using Teams moving forward..
Or a couple hundred bucks for a bump stock.
Roller coaster of emotions over here.. lol
> I’ll never understand why mentally healthy folks and neurotypical folks feel the need to begrudge someone their ESA, assuming it’s a legitimate one and not from one of those awful CertaPet services.

Because of abuse. It doesn't take much for it to be ruined for everyone. I know people who abuse this and it makes me mad. I even try to convince them to stop doing it, but they just want to take their extremely uncontrollable huskies everywhere they go, including into restaurants... People are selfish.
I think that's just what they want at this point. All being around the same price and features so people just carrier hop when pissed off. They just plan on a certain amount of churn every year and don't compete on price anymore ..
Not op, but seeing eye dogs will be officially trained and certified. What we are talking about here are mostly people who have an untrained "emotional support dog"  that they just want to take places dogs aren't allowed to go. Or, someone who has lied that its a service dog or otherwise just paid for a vest but never got their dog trained and certified. Those are the people that ruin it for everyone.
Welp, time to start that Audible trial.. lol
You absolutely can and that's how I used to do it until I got an iPad. Now I just use a spare laptop I have and sit it in front of my keyboard. Just make sure you can read it easily. With my phone I had to sometimes lean in to read everything properly and that took away from the game I was playing.
Not gonna lie, that groomer would be paying the vet bills, and refunding my money to boot. If they didn't, small claims court and social media.
That video felt so spot on.. then I saw the Infowars logo at the end and cringed. Having that message tied to Alex Jones just ruined it for me. Lol
I only have on monitor.. but the difference is going to be keeping a viewer vs them leaving because you are not responding to them. That's how you grow a channel on twitch. Flipping back and forth once in a while makes it so that you will miss someone talking to you and you losing a potential follower / regular viewer. It's far better and makes your game play smoother if you can glance at chat quickly rather than pausing what you are doing, shift tabbing to check chat, then flipping back and continuing. If you can't do that, then recording for hours and cutting the video up for youtube will be a much better experience for your viewers.
I think the right thing to do is ask why they are not getting one, if in fact, they are not getting them... We don't even know if they are not getting one in the first place.
I think it's pretty racist to think POC are incapable of getting an i.d..
Honestly, you may want to switch over to something like YouTube. It doesn't seem like you are really set up for twitch and don't want to find ways to fix a major issue.
That's common language for laws that require a picture ID to vote.
A friend of mine lives on the other side of the country, and we both needed to start eating better and working out. So we made the decision to keep us accountable through text messages. We send pictures when we are at the gym and screenshots of our calorie counting apps to help keep us accountable. It's been working. Is there anyone you can go through it with to help each other out?
I agree. We have rules and laws that people need to follow. I get it though, that some laws/rules make it harder for people to go through the process. This might be one.. However, isn't it just as racist to say that black/latino people are unable to follow these rules? It's almost like it's saying they are too irresponsible or stupid to know what to do. 
You keep repeating this over and over again in this thread. The polls are always open so that a person can do it before or after their shift. Additionally, there are absentee ballots if a person cannot make it to the polls in time. So, there is no waiting in line or taking time off work. And I don't get the "pay a fee" comment. You have to have valid ID to get a job, or government assistance if you do not have a job, so this should be something they already have to have and maintain anyway. 

Yes, we could do better, such as setting up a better system at the polls for their state issued ID (or drivers license) to be brought up to look at their picture to verify they are who they say they are. But I really don't think this really is too much to ask.
> She has a legal document. It's called a voter registration card. Or SS ID. Or, you know, being there with a name on their list as acceptable to vote.

Computers, and the internet, are a thing now. I don't understand why they can't just pull up a name with a picture from their last ID. The states have all that stuff saved now, it's not hard to make a system to retrieve it from a laptop at a polling place...
> FWIW I think a big reason for the rise in third party candidates is a lot of dems thought Clinton had it in the bag, so felt safe voting for a third party without Trump winning the election. A number of my dem friends here in central FL voted for Johnson thinking Clinton was a lock.

Or, maybe they didn't like either candidate?
I just checked ours and had the same. If you look at the count of checkers reporting healthy, you can see them start dropping off far earlier than when they quit.
It was a joke... 
Would you drink off the floor if there was perfectly good water in a cup to drink out of?! Smart cat! lol
This is so true. I started out trying really hard to just get as much exercise as possible in. Ended up flat on my back for a week with back and knee issue. Took another week to start walking normally again. But! I kept to my calorie counting and keeping the calories in to be less than my calories out, and I still lost weight while not being able to move. 

Now it's focusing on eating clean, weight lifting, and low intensity stationary bike. It works great!
Yea it does look like it has a play option, but I tried it on all of my dozen movies and it said source not found. I dunno. Maybe they just don't have my movies.
It's his immediate boss that threw him under the bus.
Do they even offer streaming? I thought they were just a linking service..
Sounds more like he needs to go over the head of his boss and go right to the CEO.
Forgo what, adding anti-corrosives? If it's needed, it's not optional..
They likely need to add anti-corrosives to the water upon entry into the system.
The price actually isn't bad comparitively. If you have two or more incidents in that 3 year period you are already ahead of the pay per incident support..
I got to the point where I was getting way more spam calls than regular calls. So I downloaded Mr. Number and set it to block all calls that are not in my contact list. I was worried about missing calls from doctors and whatnot, but I've found that if it's important, they'll leave a message. Mr. Number shows calls it's blocked anyway, so i never miss a legit call. I just have to call them back and then I add their number to my contacts...
If he isn't, I'm dumping out no matter what the cost.
>Legislators need to emphasise how gun control is something that will only affect the people who truly should not be allowed to have guns. They need to hammer down on criminals owning guns and take steps to ensure that the people who do own guns and aren't breaking any laws don't feel threatened.    

So, how do you prevent someone that is going to commit a crime in the future, from buying a gun today? That's starting to go down a path of thought crime. "Oh, they are thinking of committing a crime, better arrest them now!" There are already laws preventing criminals from owning guns now. They still get them. 

The key with all of this is universal health care, more mental health facilities people can go to (now free with universal health care), and making sure people understand that just because they are angry, or sad, they have somewhere they can go where they won't be judged and they can talk about their issues without having to worry about the police showing up on their doorstep because they decided to go get some help. 

And for the love of everything holy, abolish the political party system and fix our national divide.
> Okay so now that you can't pretend that everyone is trying to be google you want me to stop.

I'm not pretending, I'm not even saying you are right, because you are not. You want this back and forth and for me to say, "Oh my gosh, thank you so much for opening my eyes!!!!!!11" It's not going to happen. You are happy being naive about Samsung, and that's your right. 

I'm not shilling for Google. They have loads of issues, including privacy, using me as a product, and not making their software easy for anyone to use, or even look as good as what Apple can do. I'm just not going to sit here and say that Samsung is ANY better at ANY of that, aside from making products that look a little better, and IN SOME WAYS work a little better. But Bixby? Get out. I tried to use it since the day it came out in Beta. Two weeks ago was the last straw and I'm never going back. Ever. 

And anyway. Like I said you don't know me. You don't know little things like I would never trust google's payment app with my credit card info, but I use Samsung Pay every single day. I don't shill for anyone. I hate every company equally.
Dude, stop being a shill. You know nothing about what I believe and what I don't believe. I've tried to explain it to you 3 times now and all you want to do is keep repeating the same tired old story. You're naive and you have this conspiracy theory in your head that everyone is out to get you and your precious brand. Just stop.
Resistant? lol... I tried it quite a bit, and ended up ditching it.
bxActions on the play store. I downloaded it, went through all the setup to turn it all on, then opened Bixby and turned off voice and then turned off Bixby home. 
> And I have no clue how people accidentally hit it. It feels completely different. 

Oh come on. Really? Just because your personal experience is the way it is doesn't mean everyone else can't have a different experience. Most people use a case on their phone and some of those cases make the buttons feel similar. Also, there is a little thing called grabbing your phone in your pocket and pulling it out and there are multitudes of chances of pushing that button as you pull it out of your pants.

>You're really naive if you think they are in the business of spying on their users. Why do you think that? Because the online media keep saying that? Or because they present it as if every company is like Google?

You really think there is this big conspiracy against Samsung? There is no conspiracy. People have opinions that are different than yours. Just because people have a different opinion doesn't mean there is this huge underground, underhanded misinformation campaign. If you think Samsung is NOT like every other business out there, you are really naive. 

>Honestly if it doesn't even occur to you to turn off voice activation if you are annoyed by it then I can see why you can't figure out how to use Bixby.

Wow. That's a pretty underhanded comment. I know exactly how to use Bixby. I knew while it was in beta because I used it all through the beta. I provided tons of feedback, while it was in beta. It worked somewhat ok while it was in the beta, but slowly got worse as time went on, especially in the voice recognition area. Don't even think for one minute that just because my experience is different than yours, means that I just don't know what I'm doing. That's really shitty, to be honest.

>The primary reason why everyone I see can't figure out Bixby is because it's rigged. People ate completely convinced that Bixby is trying to be google assistant just like the media pretend like s apps are thing to be g apps when the clearly know otherwise

Hahahaha. It's rigged? Seriously? I knew from the start it wasn't trying to be GA. 

>Bixby works fine for that. You just say text blank or remind me to blank.
I have zero issues with it understanding me... Do you have a really thick accent?

Yea, doesn't work. Gets the names wrong, gets the message wrong, it doesn't work if it's a 3rd party texting app.. The reminders would go in at the wrong time. I never have this issue with GA. Never. I do not have a thick accent, at all.

>>If Samsung really was what you think they are, they would allow you to use Google Assistant voice anywhere, even when the phone is locked and the screen off. They would let you remap the button. But they don't. They don't because they are trying to push their own data mining campaign so they can get on board with everyone else in selling your data. Period.

>Wow...
Okay why do you think that?

Tell me ONE good reason they wouldn't play nice with GA. One. They let you use other keyboards. They let you use other launchers. They let you use other messaging apps. But what do they need? They need voice recordings to match up with proper text for voice recognition. They need to know what users are doing on their phones. They need to see usage patterns. What is one thing you can do with all that data? Sell it. Just like every other business does. 

You're the product. And you are their biggest fan for it. So while you keep going off on this whole misinformation campaign against Samsung, you are doing the exact same thing against Google.
I only have one way to launch google assistant, and that's holding down the bixby button to talk, or double pressing it to launch google home. My single press does nothing since the location of that button is an EXTREMELY poor design on Samsung's part. Being right next to the volume down means many people just hit it by accident and now you have delays and extra things to do before doing what you really wanted to do.

If you think Samsung is not data mining and selling that information, you are very naive. Their app is not more lightweight and you can tell because of the slowness, delays, and overall lag/jitteryness of it.

Bixby is not functional when IT DOES NOT WORK. I constantly tried to get it to do things and it ALWAYS got the words wrong, or just plain said "I'm sorry, I have no idea what the heck you are saying right now." Add to that the dozen times I was talking on my work phone and had my cell sitting on the desk and then had bixby pop up and say "I'm sorry, I didn't catch that even though you NEVER SAID HI BIXBY." 

And you know what? The only thing I wanted it to do for me was to send text messages to people with me having to do anything, or set a reminder at a certain time. Did Bixby ever do that for me? Nope. Out of the weeks of time trying to get it to work, I could only get it done a few times. Google Assistant? Ever. Single. Time. It just works. I don't want to fiddle with Bixby to get it to work. I want it to just work, and it doesn't. Sorry that offends you, but I'm not going to waste one more second on that pointless bloatware on my phone.

If Samsung really was what you think they are, they would allow you to use Google Assistant voice anywhere, even when the phone is locked and the screen off. They would let you remap the button. But they don't. They don't because they are trying to push their own data mining campaign so they can get on board with everyone else in selling your data. Period.
I mapped the press and hold bixby button to launch Google Assistant in it's already listening mode. Works so much better than bixby for me. I'll never go back at this point.
I have a question. Is it possible for a republican to run against Trump in 4 years and be able to win the primaries?
What's that all about? Who was scrubbed from the rolls?
I have a license to carry. I had to take classes on safety and laws in order to get the ability to pay for the license... I didn't mind the process at all and thought that it was a great idea for all gun owners to go through it, until I actually took it. Half the people in that class should never carry or own a gun. The amount of people that thought it was completely ok to come running out of their house to shoot someone in the back for breaking into their car was shocking! I am 100% in favor of using a gun for self defense. I have mine because work is in a bad neighborhood and I often have to go in when it's o' dark thirty, and it can be really sketchy... But some of these people in the class had a vigilantee vibe to them. I'm all for licensing. I just worry it's not enough.
> My first college use to give non sport scholarships to athletes as they weren't technically allowed to give athletic scholarships, however they used a loop hole to invite athletes under other scholarships with the condition they play. 

And that is part of the problem. The NCAA limits the amount of money that is given for **athletic** scholarships, so the students they want that are good academically, will get the merit scholarships. 

Numbers are hard to find in one neat package, but I spent the last half hour or so digging up some light reading.

https://www.cnbc.com/2014/10/13/think-athletic-scholarships-are-a-holy-grail-think-again.html

http://www.marketwatch.com/story/these-are-the-sports-your-child-should-play-to-get-a-college-scholarship-2017-05-08

http://www.scholarshipstats.com/average-per-athlete.html

https://guidedpath.net/part-6-athletic-scholarships-vs-merit-awards-for-student-athletes/

http://www.wealthmanagement.com/college-planning/one-angry-mom-and-no-scholarships

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/why-athletes-have-an-edge-at-elite-colleges/

http://www.collegescholarships.org/scholarships/statistics.htm

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jonathan-r-cole/a-little-secret-athletics_b_787461.html

One thing that is pointed out, is if you are really good academically, you should pick a lessor known college that doesn't have great sports teams. lol
> a black man in the US cannot trust the police to protect him
> why deny him the right to protect himself

If he tries to protect himself with a gun against the police, he'll just be killed quicker, and the police will justify it with "see, he had a gun!"
The amount of scholarships (and total funding for said scholarships) are far fewer than the scholarships for any sporting activities.
I never knew they existed.
Could have even been some of [these](http://www.slidefire.com/).
I guess it could sound defeatist, but I know what can be freely obtained pretty easily, and fully automatic unregistered firearms is one of those things. Even guns I never even knew existed, are out there for sale. We've also tried to eliminate recreational drugs off the streets and that hasn't worked so far either. They still come pouring in from other countries. Now, people want us to stop rounding up drug users and throwing them in jail, to starting up more treatment programs. Maybe that's the correct step here? 
That's pretty naive. Is it because if you can't see it, it doesn't exist? What makes you think that illegal things can't be obtained? 
I get this battery life when I've spent the day browsing Reddit, watching YouTube, or playing videos on Plex, especially if I'm home where cell signal is really strong and I'm doing everything on wifi.
Revolutions only happen when the government is performing so poorly people are dying. And political parties may change, that doesn't mean the problem gets fixed. This quote is talking directly to a comparison of things like power, research on new products, medicine, etc. Has the government ever done anything better than the private sector has? 
Yep, just confirmed he's a senior engineer.. "It's not the code, it's your hardware." 

Sorry, you really don't know jack.
You probably shouldn't post your username and password length...
Do we have people going there to help out? I mean, like regular citizen volunteers? It almost sounds like they just need a lot of people to help clear stuff and help out.
> One might hope this would be a turning point where R voters realize the GOP doesn't work for them, but I doubt it.

I realized that when the republicans were fighting against sane legislation just because it was brought forward by a democrat. There is no party for me anymore. They all suck.
Do you have high turnover? If not, that's the reason they all act the same. They know no one will leave because it's a state job...
Only guy on call for our 24/7 stuff here. There is a daily, weekend, and holiday rate that is added to my check for being on call. If I respond I don't get anything extra. I control the environment for the most part, so I do not have to respond to anything very often.
I bought my son [these](https://www.amazon.com/Bushnell-133450-Falcon-10x50-Binoculars/dp/B000051ZOA/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&qid=1506390080&sr=8-7&keywords=binoculars+for+adults) for Christmas and they are surprisingly really good.
Is the music good?
Bad info. This is not true.
That's Seventh-Day Adventist.
Also was limited number of users per carrier too I think.
Not normal either... I get 6-7. I am laid up in bed with back issues and watched twitch and YouTube for 7.5 hours before plugging in the phone...
I started out as a "I need to do this" and after two weeks almost quit because it took all the fun out of the games. So I went back to really not caring if I even have 1 person watching. I just play and talk to myself. I'm surprised how many people come in and watch. I don't even care if they follow, in fact I never remind people to follow, ever. It's worked out better this way, I think, especially for my own enjoyment.
What if his whole plan all along was to do all the crap he does to please the far right, then when it has shown to cause issues, pull in towards the center and bring those right wingers with him?

Nevermind, he's not that intelligent. lol
Why? A company that won't leave a message isn't someone you want to work for.
I do not have these issues with my wireless charging. I bought a [Chinese charging stand](https://www.amazon.com/Seneo-Fast-Wireless-Charger-Included/dp/B01H76NIAS/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1505255056&sr=8-3&keywords=fast+wireless+phone+charger) off Amazon for $19 and it works perfect. I don't have to move it around to get it to start charging. I can use it in portrait or landscape mode. It doesn't get hot either.

I've had it since I had the S7. I'll admit that I rarely have to use it with the S8 Plus. I take it off my charger at home at 8am and by 6pm I'm still at 70%. I only have to use it if I spend a lot of time in the basement here at work where I don't get a strong cell signal and that drains the battery super quick, even with wifi calling.
These are not breaded. I believe they do have some that are, but we don't usually do anything like that. If you can't do beans and rice, you should really check the ingredients of the mock meats carefully before eating them. 
I know it's not the same, but like /u/uniiiverse says, try some of the fake meats. Beyond Meat's Chicken strips are one my favorites for fajitas and stir fries. I also just discovered Tofurkey's Beer Brats. I've been transitioning to vegan (dairy intolerance and allergy to eggs) and it's hard as heck, but I feel so much better. 
> some people do (for reasons which should be obvious) do not like hearing that word shouted and they feel excluded from the community

I agree with not saying it.. However. When do we ban the word in rap music, then? When do the community that hates white people using that word stop using it themselves? I'm kinda getting tired of the double standards in this world (not just with this, but EVERYTHING going on).
Thanks for this.
Thanks for the follow up. 
Honestly, it probably will not happen.. However, since something similar happened to me and they gained access to my mail and used that to do a bunch of nefarious crap, I will never ever believe things like this are completely impossible.
This is the second time I've seen reference to this. What's the source?
> I say, "Stop being a fucking idiot and talking about things you clearly know absolutely nothing about."

I clearly know more about this than you do, since someone did gain access to my physical mail and have my address changed before. It's not misinformation when it's true. 


First, calm down. Second, it's pretty easy to gain access to someone's mail and create false documents. If you think that it is impossible to do this, you are incredibly naive.
Good luck. Stay safe.
It was a vulnerability in their web application.
> The hackers are supposedly holding the info ransom for what I think someone said was $2.6M.

Source on this?
The pin doesn't even matter. It can be reset by using all of the information that was leaked. 
You won't have a legal issue. If you are under the employee and revenue limits you are fine.
Damn. I'm sorry. This makes me want to take my dog with me everywhere I go now.
I'm not sure why you think the engineering team drives features... It's the marketing and sales teams that do.
I'm disappointed. The wiki page doesn't list anything about Stephanie. She was his girlfriend while they were at Job Corp together. lol


I just realized that I've spent way too much time watching this dude's videos.
You got that right!
And even then, there is usually state police that can be called to intervene. 
The sweetness still doesn't help a person. They just crave more. It's best to completely eliminate it.
> toddler on a sugar high

LOL that is the best description I've heard!
LMAO.

> been changes in the climate

Literally means climate change.
My wife and kids would be in the shelter. Dog and I outside getting wet.
Headphone jacks.
You authva Twitter account to your T-Mobile account. What are you not understanding about this?
I haven't watched yet but I will in a bit. My wife wants to go from her iPhone 7 plus to the note 8. I've been trying to convince her to go to the s8 plus instead. She can't upgrade until February anyway..
I get more viewers during weekdays streams (excluding Friday nights). Sundays are hit and miss. I stream 9ish pm eastern time. 

When I say more viewers, I mean like 2 or 3 viewers total during week nights and maybe 1 on weekends. Lol
I wish I had a pic of what I came home to. That's not a hole. The hole my dog dug was down the side of the foundation 4 blocks deep.....
The video producer did file an appeal, and the streamer ended up cancelling the dmca takedown because he was told by h3h3 that what he did was illegal.
Actually, the dmca takedown he filed was illegal and if prosecuted, he could get fined or jail time. This is not something anyone should take lightly.
Filter by No Meta and your problem is solved. 
> Look, if you hate the streamers, don't watch them.

And if you don't like the drama threads, don't read them.
"Hey Bixby, what's a factory?" "Ok, factory resetting." "Noooooooo"
That makes me itchy.
Also, knowing the steps to fix easy/common problems are the people I go to to get things done relatively quickly with no hand holding...
What's the point of loot?
> >Rust is nothing but a PvP game.

> Correct.

If that's correct then why does the game description and genre specify a MMO, RPG Survival game?

If this releases as a 24 hour pubg simulator, a lot of people who bought it based on the store page will be really mad.
It's really not that complicated. You can buy an elgato hdmi capture for about $150. You put that in your PC. You take the HDMI out of the Xbox one to your capture card. Then take the HDMI output from the capture card to your TV. The download OBS Studio (free) and set it.
Then they lied to everyone in early access.  This is the description on steam:

> The only aim in Rust is to survive. To do this you will need to overcome struggles such as hunger, thirst and cold. Build a fire. Build a shelter. Kill animals for meat. Protect yourself from other players, and kill them for meat. Create alliances with other players and form a town. Do whatever it takes to survive.

Also:
> Genre: Action, Adventure, Indie, Massively Multiplayer, RPG, Early Access


MMO, RPG.

This is supposed to be a role-playing game, not CoD pvp..
If you want great quality on twitch without adjusting settings, pick up a capture card for your PC. Then you can stream to twitch from the PC instead of the Xbox directly. I can only imagine that Microsoft will prioritize quality to mixer since they own it. Mixer still has very few people watching it.
Hope your keen on having your phone wake up randomly while talking because you said something that starts with a b. Lol
It's not that exciting.
Use Google voice for your voicemail. Just forward you number to Google voice on busy or no answer. Google voice will tell you what code to use to turn it on. I've been doing it for years and it works great. Even get voice to text transcription.
Congrats!
Or even a tweet and just respond as you have time.....
What can you buy with that karma?
Sorry this happened to you. Hope things work out better in the future. 
They should have made her aware of the payoff balance. Seems unfair to just let them do it and not tell them regardless of the contract terms.
If you did a lease agreement on the original phone, it's a 2 year agreement. Once you are done with the 2 years of payments you give the phone back. If it was an equipment installment plan, you pay for the phone for 2 years and then keep it. Payments are only slightly cheaper on lease than EIP (equipment installment plan). 

So if you upgraded before the 2 year mark, you have to pay the rest of the equipment contract off whether it's a lease or EIP. Turning in the device doesn't satisfy the balance of the contract. If it's EIP you could have kept it and sold it, but they will give you a trade in value, usually, if it's EIP. If your charge is $300, I'm assuming it was a lease.
I think it's the 2 year lease contract they were stuck in. She had the phone for a year, upgraded and now had to pay off the remainder of lease while still sending in the phone.
I even set my roles so they can't voice chat or send messages until I approve them. No way I want some dipshit ruining it for other people.
As others have said, should be none, unless they are playing with you. Even then thought it can go south... I was streaming squad matches with 3 friends and two of them started discussing their plans for batchelor patries and weddings... Even though I kept trying to force it back to the game, they wouldn't stop... I would tell your friends that if they are voice chatting with you while you stream, they keep the conversation to the game they are playing with you. If they aren't playing then keep them out of the channel.
If I had a guess, it's probably because the streamers ou watch don't have their audio set at a proper level. So they are quiet and then ad plays at a normal volume. 

I find audio a real hit and miss thing with streamers. Most of them don't check their own audio or they check it with headphones on and crank their volume up and say, "it's perfect!" When it really isn't.
Keep that up then. Sounds like that's the key.
I agree.
Not even. 100 buck us difference for a couple that's better. Grow up.
Wow. Who's the fan boy now? Comparing two vastly different CPUs? Lol try [apples to apples](http://cpu.userbenchmark.com/Compare/Intel-Core--i7-7820X-vs-AMD-Ryzen-7-1800X/3928vs3916).
The correct way is to do nothing at all.
Why are you even here? If you don't like with way things have e gone, move on and play some other game.
If you set them up right, it works great. Get mr number and set it to block all calls except the ones in your contacts list. If someone legit not in your list calls, it tells you and you can whitelist or add a contact for them. My phone has gone from ringing 6 times a day to once a week. It's glorious.
I had the airave 2 and I didn't have it on the wan side. I used it at work where there was no way it was going between our fiber line and our firewall. It worked just fine. I am pretty sure it uses a ipsec VPN to connect back to Sprint. If you have issues, just make sure VPN pass through is turned on in your router.
Or even worse, pull a move that leaves it with the Sprint name and management and kills both companies leaving us with 2 providers....
Yes it was. Built a small base and was raided that night. Next morning I had a metric crap ton of xp from them using my stuff.
I loved it when people did this to me. I would always go back to the person for new tools lol.
I opened a door last night and it only partially opened. LOL It was swung half way in.. Then I hit F again and it closed all the way.
I never connect to Canada in Port Huron.
They can market it however they want... It's still a home router.
So they bought a home router for a business and are worried about back door code being injected into pfsense?

The lolz.
Just stop. They've heard. If they want to change it, they will.
It would, however it feels like Sprint is in some trouble.. With the amount of desperation that Son is showing right now, I think there might be some behind the scenes trouble. 
Your opinion is probably completely correct. It feels like he just was going to "take over" both companies and turn it into another "alibada success story".. It completely blew up in his face and Sprint continued it's stagnation (arguably a decline). Now he doesn't have too many places to go.
Yea, I think this all started when my son got a laser pointer. He was shining it across the floor letting her chase it.. real cute.. a day or so later we noticed this behavior. I will get on these. She loves to sniff things out and do tricks. Thanks for the ideas.
Thanks for the advice and I'll get on this ASAP. She's doing it alot. Even late at night if we need to use a phone screen to get around in the dark. She'll see the shadows and go after them...
She gets a few hours a day outside playing with a ball, frisbee, and various sticks she likes to toss in the air and chase. We could do more. We've set up a small agility course, so we really need o be doing that more too.
I use twitch heavily for quite a while (3 years or so). I found pubg through YouTube. I went to twitch after to find streams.. only learned of doctor disrespect and grimmmz from Reddit after buying the game and joining the subreddit...
So after 4 missed notifications, I have to say this doesn't work very well. The repeat only uses the default notification sound, not the notification sound of the contact. The contacts are set up with different notifications that are louder and longer. The default is less instrusive. I either need an app to do this or go back to Textra.
Honestly, vsvode is the way to go for powershell. Debug works better.
Why isn't this the thing they do instead of either selling to TMo or trying to buy a 3rd rate cable company? I just don't get it. It's like Sprint has been doomed to faulter since the beginning.
Lol... I wonder if it's because Son wanted control or if it's that Sprint is just that unwanted.
Lol
Are you and your buds winning every single match and getting 20 kills each or something? 
i don't see her looking at her phone at any point during this video....
Well now, you learn something new every day!
I once streamed for 2 hours with a black screen and didn't know it. People even came in and said hi but never told me.

Then the night I streamed for 4 hours and something was wrong in my settings and the stream ended up buffering for everyone so much it was 2 hours behind at the end. The 2 people watching never said anything. When I asked the one why he didn't say anything he said it was no biggie since he was watching someone else anyway.

Then there's the incident with the tablet in tabletop simulator. No one told us that the web browser actually worked and you could go to porn sites....
Yea, I use Textra because I need repeating notifications. If I'm asleep and I get a text with an alert, I may not hear it the first time. I need it to repeat a few times to wake me up.. I tweeted them about it so hopefully they'll do something about it.
This [guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36Y5_oZ5NIo) is pretty nutty. Unfortunately, I know many people who would buy this and tell all their friends they need one too.
They already planned on paid [keys](http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/297434/quotSkin_economy_is_a_good_thingquot_says_Playerunknowns_Battlegrounds_creator.php) to open crates.
> Think about how much they've made already, this money can support servers for years on end.

I don't know about that. From what I understand of their architecture, each match is hosted on an individual server, up in amazon.

They just recently had a peak of 422,195 players. If each server holds 100 people, that's 4,222 servers that they need, at a minimum. 

So let's assume they use compute optimized instances (c4.2xlarge) that are 8 cores, 15 gig of ram (I can only assume what they need, it might be way more efficient on the server side). This size of server if you pay hourly is $0.398 per hour, or around $290 a month for 24/7 usage that month. 

They can prepay for reserved instances which will drop the price considerably too.. So let's go with that. You can do a 3 year term on a server and if you pre-pay all of it at once, it's $4,076 for that 3 years on one server. I doubt they did this, but they could at any time, so we'll use this cheap price. That's $17,208,872 for the current server load, for 3 years, or roughly 5.7 million dollars a year. 

Likely, they didn't do that 3 year deal yet. So it's somewhere between 5.7 million and 14.6 million per year for the current server load. That's only servers, not storage behind it, load balancers, databases, etc. 

Granted, they have made roughly $110 million so far on game sales, business costs, taxes, etc. all add up. A game like this probably has at least a few million in costs already just for what has been developed, and probably a few million more to go (plus hookers and blow).. Once sales start to decline, those server costs can add up, especially if it continues to be popular. 
While I share your same concerns, I have 100 hours in game right now. I had a $15 amazon gift card I used, so I essentially only paid $15 for this. I don't think I would get any other quality entertainment for 15 cents an hour right now. So even if the game dies today (I'd be really sad), I got my money's worth. 

I too hope they don't go the same way as something like DayZ, but I kind of doubt it will. We'll see micro-transactions creep in, simply because people want it. People NEED those skins and it's hard to get the crates if you are not winning games all the time, so for them it's easier just to pay for it. We can't really fault a company that wants to make money to sell something people keep saying they want anyway. If people were really salty about this, they wouldn't buy them, but I have a feeling they are going to make bank from these. People love it and eat it up. Look at CS:GO and those stickers for guns... I don't understand it, but it's really really popular.

Now, if we start seeing patches that are delayed for months, then it's time to start worrying... However, I kinda think with this we'll see them pretty close to their targets. 
It's hard on this phone when you are driving.
I know, right? So now if you can't remap the button, at least one extra step will get you to the assistant that works. lol
Thanks!
We did the same treat from Katie's first birthday two weeks ago! She loved it!
Hahaha someone sent that to me yesterday! That was hilarious. The friend that sent it said it reminded him when he did the same thing in dayz. 

Glad it was posted and got traction!
You could always create a new channel, stream as the douchebag there and see what happens... Never know, could take off like a drdisrespect and you'll just do that all the time.
So bps would make that better? LMAO
It is not much worse. Not even close. That's my point.
Bps didn't mean jack. If you were reset back to zero resources, you had no way to defend against an online raid, and forget about logging out the next night. Offline raiding always killed you again because your base was still shit. If you couldn't get far enough to upgrade and build properly, you stood zero chance if you logged out.
Can confirm. I played during bp and xp both. Servers may not have died in 2 days, but by the end of week 1 they were full on dead.
Even with using the explicit commands, it doesn't work right most of the time. The voice transcription is horrible.
They have no control over distance. If your stuff is within distance to them it'll work. WiFi can have a pretty decent range these days, especially with newer cell phones.
My mom's dog almost died 2 weekends ago because of table scraps. I don't blame you!
Welcome to the world of owning a border collie! We went through all this and more with ours. 

Buy a pen. It saved our sanity alot. If she gets unruly, put her in her pen for a time out. What we found is if she was really going nuts, we'd put her in the pen and she would pass out and nap for an hour. If she was over tired she acted like an angry toddler. Lol

We kept her leashed to us in the house most of the day she was awake. This kept her out of things and we would be right there with a leave it command and able to take things away. Also allowed us to reward good behavior very quickly. 

Treats and toys are ultra important for rewards.

Good luck!
Well I submitted feedback. They completely didn't read it and told me to contact support since I'm having a problem using bixby with Google Assistant. Ugh.
Not really. I've been trying to use bixby for a while now and the voice transcription is absolutely atrocious and it just doesn't even really work well when the transcription gets it right. It's literally garbage right now. After the last update, things that did work well are not even getting transcribed right.
We went to a holistic pet supply place one day to check it out. They had business cards for one there. In researching her credentials we found out that our new vet works with her all the time for problem cases so we went with it. Overall it was worth it to know what we need to do and not do..  I would call beers in your area and ask them for recommendations. Just be aware that you might run into ones that are anti vaccines, so if that ours you off you may need to ignore some of their advice.
Yea, that's not good. Poor puppy indeed!
Cobol says hi. Lmao. I'm s shocked that new tools come out for that occasionally.
Damn bro. Hope you're ok. Lol
Yes, exactly. As I said before, we hired a nutritionist to help us. Sometimes just doing a home cooked food is enough, but if their digestive system can't handle it and you get pH issues again, you'll be back to square one.
Our original vet put her on Royal Canin Urinary... Poor dog wouldn't even eat it. To us it smelled really bad. It must have tasted gross to her because she would eat one piece and then run away lol. She loves food, ALL food too, but that stuff she just wouldn't eat.

We hired a nutritionist to help us with her diet because of the urinary concerns. We did it for about 2 months now and it's just too much for us to keep up with. So we have her slowly switching over to Victor Professional. We add Solid Gold berry balance to her food and check her urine pH ourselves. So far so good. 

I would keep doing what the vet suggests until you get an all clear. From there, it's up to you. If it's solely food related, then you can definitely manage on your own without the prescription food.
Some people will believe anything. My mother in law developed ALS. A lady from her church tried to convince her that taking a bath with salt and lettuce in it, and eating only green vegetables would cure the ALS.
We have the same problem with our border collie. Any commercial dog food gives her the crystals. We ended up making her food ourself, but it's very overwhelming if you don't have the time to prepare it all (plus it's a lot of stuff to mix up, so it's not easy). We've just gone back to a commercial dog food, but adding cranberry powder to it. That seems to have done the trick, so far.

Good luck and don't feel bad. We missed her issues the first time it happened. I'm glad your vet takes it seriously. Ours was completely baffled to why she had crystals in her urine. We had to find a better vet.
You don't have a video of it.
Does he respond well to treats? If he does, let her sit down in the floor and feed him some treats. Let him come to her as he's comfortable. If he catches on that this little person has tasty snacks he might trust her more, even when being loud.
We just found the 40 year old living with his mom!
But you are not suggesting anything other than ways to make the game easier to play, which is taking away the primary thing that makes it fun. It's supposed to be a hard survival game. That's the point.
Chat in landscape mode on Android to please. I have a Galaxy s8+ and landscaper nice was great on the old app.
What's the fun in it being super easy? No map, easy to die or they killed, that's all part of the fun and excitement. What's the point of getting a crap ton of loot and walking around?
Time to find a new job.
My whole career has been a cycle of work a few years as a business software developer then change jobs to work a few years as a sysadmin. After 20 years, I'm doing devops for a software company. Was a good choice to not be really good at just thing. Lol
Yes.
I really agree with this. Only reason I decided to check it out again was because I was tired of rust and dayz is still meh.. I was so shocked when a friend and I played it. We'll be playing a lot more now.
Woot! Gonna try this tonight. 
Can confirm, is difficult. Especially when I am red/green color blind. Mid shades are the worst as they just blend into the same mucky color. I very often mistake greens for reds and reds for greens. Sucks. In BF4, I was always shooting teammates until they added the color blind options. Friendly fire is an issue for me in this game.
I so wish I could afford to get a pair of those. I've heard they work magic.
For me it's less of a nametag and more of I just can't see some of the clothing against certain walls/grass/trees. People are always saying "he's RIGHT that in front of you!" and I'm like "huh? where?" lol

I have huge problems with mid reds and mid greens. If something is very light green against a very dark green, I'm usually ok, but this game is pretty rough on me. Worse than BF4 by far.
Thanks!
What?! Do you know what the options are? There a couple different types of color blindness. I need the red/green type adjustment.
The best part is the Sprint rep spelling the CEO's name wrong.
Possible that it was exclusive, but highly unlikely.
Why does that not make sense? You have no idea what the terms of the contract with Verizon is. If they pay by usage and it's cheaper to put people on Sprint, done deal. And there is such a thing a roaming. Sprint can be made primary and roam on Verizon.
They could use both.
Unless it's dish swallowing up TMobile... I really don't want dish leadership running the company.
If Comcast buys them, they will be. Instant upgrades all around. If anyone has the cash to upgrade infrastructure, it's Comcast.
It could still be related. The screen digitizer is plugged into the main board with a connector that looks like a little Lego. Dropping it could have jarred the connection a little and over time it moved just enough to come loose.
When it screwed up, make sure you give feedback. You can tell it which word was wrong and provide the correct word.
I may have to try it. I'm color blind in greens and reds. I have a really hard time spotting people outside if they have similar colors as the environment. I need more contrast I think.
Our girl had issues with 3 different brands of high quality commercial food, so we make it now.
Unfortunately there is a minority that feel like you should just roll over and die for them. I've turned off all in game chat now as it's turned super toxic.
What? There is a team only chat?
Leave feedback. If it doesn't do it right, click on let's improve. It lets you tell them which words were wrong.
Lol, you're right, he's technically not wrong!
Way more than that... The resolutions are 1280x720 and 1920x1080. To get the pixel count, you multiple the numbers together. So 1280x720 is 921,600 pixels total and 1920x1080 is 2,073,600 pixels. So that's a total of 1,152,000 pixels missing...
And it's handy ti have around for other accidents!
Yea, except there is a difference between someone who has a chemical imbalance that is causing the depression, versus someone who has a hard time dealing with the death of mom 3 years ago. Constantly pushing pills on him/her to help "ease the pain" instead of grief counseling seems a little far. I don't disagree with you though. There is a reason modern medicine exists.
I often wonder if we are just creating more of a problem by pushing the pills instead of pushing the methods to deal.
> I reeeally wanted to like Bixby but holy shit does it seem to suck. I'm hoping the voice will be a completely different story.

Don't get your hopes up. lol
I think you over estimate how much work this is going to actually take. It's just a custom team vs team mode where one team is huge a d another is small. Once one team is dead the other wins. The rest is just skins. Why wouldn't you add this to bring in a player base that wouldn't have necessarily bought this anyway. The people playing now will continue to play the BR mode, plus other custom modes. The people playing the zombie custom mode will be a smaller group that likes it. 

This isn't going to water down anything and it will bring more people in.
XBox One X, not the One. 12gb of ram, 8 cores - 2.3Ghz. Still not that big of a jump unless the graphics is way more powerful.
I ended up buying a GTX 1060 6gb card, and swapping​in an i7 2600k with 32gb ram. The i7 is over clocked to 4.8 GHz. It still drops to 30 fps in places and stutters. It's far better than it was though.
I'm at the point where I now refuse to implement until devs fix their stuff.
Yes, they are toxic.
Why does it cost you to check voicemail?
For me prime is free. I did prime for the two day shipping. We were paying for it before we did prime. I ship enough stuff that we've actually saved money by being prime members.
Doubtful. If another company is folder in, he would stay on as CEO and he'd have no need to have a fallback position.
You're right it's not lag I'm talking about.
Hasn't everyone?
Awesome. I'm going to price out a card. My brother in law just gave me his old i7, motherboard, and 32 gigs of RAM. A 1060 now should round it out.
That's actually great to hear because that could be in my price range.
Absolutely agree.
Completely dependant on usage.
We use a syringe that we had from when we had to give the kids medicine. No needle, just suck up the peroxide and shoot it into the back of the throat. We've had to do this twice now with this crazy border collie. Once for dental floss and ince for grapes...
Rust has become a king of the hill game except for the area restriction requirement. The person that raided everyone off the server after 2 days wins.
The game is like crack. My friends and I can't stop playing it..
Clean your lens?
> Claure recently was nominated to join the board of directors of SoftBank Group Corp.

There it is. That tells me they​ have a plan for where he is to go once Sprint is folded into another company.
I just bought plague 2 weeks ago because it was on sale in the humble store for 7.50.. in fact, I bought the monthly bundle just to get another 10% off because I knew I wanted Stellaris...
They expect a working game, maybe?
See my reply above. There is an edge panel for it already.
Yep. Here's [one](http://www.samsungapps.com/appquery/appDetail.as?appId=com.ehzstudios.volumeforedgepanel&cntyTxt=310&equipID=SM-G955U) already made.
Volume widget in the home screen? That might help.
It's not messy if your a girl.
The salt is strong with this one.
I knew I should have opened that app and checked it out!
Heck yea. The more Instagram and Snapchat I do, the worse life I get. Instagram is better now but Snapchat sucks battery.
This will either find the app that causes it, or you'll end up with all your apps, normal usage, and perplexed. Lol
It's completely dependant on usage. If I just watch YouTube, read Reddit, and use the web browser, I'll get 8+ sot. If I started playing more than a couple hours of games like hearthstone, it'll drop down to 5 hours. I consistently get 7 hours though. I don't play hours of games but I watch a lot of YouTube and twitch.
What the hell was that guy thinking? Letting go of his leashed dog?! Not your out your dogs fault at all.
Because that statement isn't true.
I get 7 on Snapdragon. S8 plus on T-Mobile. I watch a lot of YouTube, twitch, play hearthstone, receive snapchats a few times a day, text my wife a lot and use Hangouts. I keep the amount of apps installed to a minimum and also use disconnect pro with Samsung internet. I also have great signal strength in all the areas I go to. One day I used reddit for a good majority of the day and had 8 hours of sot with about 23 hours of battery time. Today I have a day and 9 hours of battery with only 5 hours sot. I haven't done much since we had nice weather. Lol
No. I never come back to sticky threads to reread them. They are a pain. I like the other suggestion of a weekly self promotion though.
Couldn't agree more. My wife and I watched this. She has the 7 plus and I have the 8 plus. I consistently picked photos from the 7plus, whole she picked ones from the 8 plus. It's totally subjective and honestly they are all really great.
Lunch? I'm just waking up still. The afternoon ice tea break is when stuff starts happening!
Correct. Most are regional still so there is no national cable carrier. However, a interview posted earlier Claure said that a partnership with multiple cable companies had very interesting synergies. This might be a sign that they are not in merger talks with T-Mobile, but with some canle companies. Like Comcast and charter...
I took my kids there once and I'll never go back. The pizza was a piece of cardboard with some sauce and a pinch of cheese on it. It tasted gross. Only half the games were working and the staff couldn't even be bothered to do their jobs. We ended up going out of town to Dave and Busters instead. 
LOL We had a German Shepherd that used to like to run along the fence with the Bichon behind us. Every once in a while he would stop and lift his leg on the fence and hit the Bichon right in the face.
Until he gets it, you'll have to skip sessions like today where you didn't have him leashed. If he does again, while leashed you can pull him away from the situation.
Ok, so I tried end space again tonight and quit after few minutes because I STILL couldn't understand how to make the ship fly right with the motion controller.... How do you hold it and use it? At one point I had my hand way up in the air just to move to one side and I just couldn't hold it there any longer. Lol
Why not audio books? Wouldn't those "work" better generally speaking?
Heck yea. I've really been wanting to dump my stuff and go mirror less. So much lighter...
Pixel peepers unite! Lol If I'm going to take a picture of something I'm going to print at 16x20, I put the phone away and use the dSLR. You can really notice the glass issues when you look close.
Yes. Lenses that have a very small aperture (large opening for more light to come in) will allow you to use a faster shutter speed compared to a lens with a larger aperture (smaller opening). Most lenses that come with the camera (called kit lenses) have around a f/3.5 to f/5.6 aperture. So in low light situations you have to bump up the iso to use a faster shutter speed. Doing this can introduce more digital noise, or graininess, to the photo. You can lose the minute detail that you would otherwise have captured at a smaller iso speed. In comparison, a faster lens, like a f/1.4 would allow you to keep a low iso speed and also use a faster shutter speed. If you have a tripod and are doing landscapes, it may not matter too much as you can just adjust your settings accordingly and get rid of blur by having a tripod. However, if it's windy and you have trees in the field of view, the trees will be blurry. 

If you didn't know any of this, you may want to read up on that all and experiment with pro mode before doing anything.
Are all border Collies generally like this? Ours doesn't want to be away from us at all. A definite 8.
If you are really concerned with low light, make sure you get really good fast lenses.
Buy a cheap but good body. Spend your money on lenses. You'll want a decent telephoto and a decent wide angle. If you are good at framing shots, stick with prime lenses. If you think you will have a problem framing in tight spots, get zooms, but just know that optical quality is not as good as primes. If you are on the fence about if you should get one, then try taking photos that are hard to get, and figure out why you couldn't nail it with the S7. Was it just not able to use the right aperture? Shutter speed screwing you up? Pixel density causing clarity issues? Then pick up a dSLR. If you aren't sure why you couldn't nail it, figure that out first.

I have a d7000 that has sat in the bag unless I need to take senior photos for someone. Vast majority of the other times I just used my S7(s8+ now). But I also know i can throw it in pro mode to get my settings where I want them. The one thing that makes me take the dSLR out? Shutter lag. I still get a blurry muzzle on my border collie. Lol
This is a pretty trashy web site.
Very [much](https://youtu.be/bX5zeJ9ZCJY) so. Unless you know exactly what to look for, it's pretty convincing. Somewone that hasn't owned one could be fooled pretty easily.
Ugh.
Better check to make sure it's not a fake s8.
Or it's fake lol
I've found a lot of these assistants to be very underwhelming. Even with Google I can't drive and make calls or send a quick text without having to pull over to tap a few buttons. The calls have been better later now that you can say yes to confirm where before you had to hit a button, but sending a text the last time I tried it, I had to wait till I pulled up to a stop light to hit send.
Like others have said, call a vet. But you should also check to make sure you don't have mice or other critters living in your walls.
Katie [likes](http://i.imgur.com/BWu9V59.jpg) it. Lol
I'm running up to the TMobile store and PetSmart right now! We get to double dip since we have 2 phones on our account.
I love timely. 
That's when you just push her out of the bed when it goes off the first time.
I was shop happy we deployed wsus a few months ago. But then I woke up in a cold sweat thinking about all the non domain VMs our staff has locally on their machines... We use them for testing and they do rollbacks often which can make it so you can't log into the machine. I really need to see if I can work a way around that.
You didn't read the article? If you use a proxy it won't work.
Lol, what? DT said earlier this year that they are proud of TMobile and have no interest in selling. Shortly after Masa said he'd take a 20% stake in the new company. Sounds to me like Sprint will be the one dying, not tmo.
Metro PCS didn't have other providers using their spectrum and towers, so it's incredibly easier to get that changed.. Sprint has MVNOs using their towers, so just dumping that tech is going to be incredibly hard, long drawn out, and messy. Definitely not the same as you suggest.
Well, that can't be true. Places here in the U.S. were hit as well, like our school district here early this morning.
What will be important though, is to dump the Sprint brand name. Like stated above, the image is in the toilet.
This is what's really going to o happen. Masa said he would settle for minor stake in the new company, which means he's open to selling them.
This is the likely scenario if it happens at all between Sprint and T-Mobile. Honestly, I don't think Deutsch telekom wants Sprint, though.
This makes sense then. Outside dogs are rarely trained properly, if at all. You'll have a lot of work on your hands.. I suspect the boyfriend will be the hardest. LOL
This has nothing to do with raiding. This is grief protection.
I'd like to know too... I'm even very cognizant of not putting anything else in the same pocket with the phone too...
I had been one to faithfully buy a screen protector.. had the zagg shields which I always hated but used anyway. Then got tied of them and went without one on a brand new phone but nothing ever happened to me before.. dropped my week old phone and it slid under a door just as my wife opened it.. put a big scratch on the glass.. so then I switched to tempered glass.. loved them and always had micro scratches on them when I was done with the phone. When I got my S7, I couldn't find one that didn't interfere with the screen. After a year, I could see micro scratches all over it and I never dropped it. Just being in and out of my pants pockets and coat pockets.. I think I'm getting one for my s8+. I already have a scratch on it that's barely noticeable, but there if the light shines on it right. I feel like I'm playing with fire by not having one. The Whitestone one covers the whole front glass panel.
If that dude would have hit my dog with anything, he be spending the afternoon in a jail cell....
I eecond the have your brother mentally checked out. He doesn't sound stable at all.
Make sure the cashier selects credit. Sometimes it defaults to debit and I find that always causes it to fail for me.
I'm not sure about that. One of their clauses is that they can do joint bid in companies. Maybe this is the start of a joint acquisition or Sprint?
Yea this is weird. I guess I won't post mine either. I get these stats all the time too on my plus.
If you don't charge your phone at night, have aod on a schedule. I have mine turn off at 10pm and on at 8am. I have an s8+ and I generally get almost a day and a half of battery with close to 8 hours of sot. No disablers of any sort of even things turned off.
Crap. Was hoping that was it. That's the version I just recently updated to.
Yea, it does suck. My mother in law died from it. I'm not sure I'd opt to live an extra couple of months. The symptoms are no joke.
If I remember the last time I installed smart switch, the version in the Samsung web site was old. What is your version number?
She had no intention of taking it to the vet for vaccinations? Then no, she shouldn't keep it.
Camping in a campground in some areas can have a real benefit of giving you things to do. Some have short nature trails or areas to go on walks. There can also be small towns nearby that you can visit and just walk around. A huge negative if you are alone is going to be having to run into a store or something and leaving the dog in the car alone. 
With the suggestion of others, also try to get your dog quite a bit of exercise before training classes.
I'm getting those numbers with bixby enabled.
[This?](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00N9IVIEM/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1494107109&sr=8-1&keywords=nerf+squeaky+balls+for+dogs)
[my dog wanting me to play](http://i.imgur.com/UukTFRV.jpg)
This doesn't work well for us. We have all kinds of toys at the office. So even upper management loves coming in at crazy hours. It's an excuse to get away and play games and drink beer while other people do work. Lol
> I hope this doesn't mean they will be dropping Jump.

Same. If they do, I'm going to stop doing it and just self-insure. 
What do you mean ?
Plus
People who have nothing to complain about, keep quiet.
No. Not all. I'm T-Mobile and I have 2.1.
Same here!
I tried it with keyboard and mouse and it sucked for me. I bought a used wired Xbox controller for $10 and I use that.
Not really sure why you were down voted... This is a good thing people. Pay to win is where you buy better stat items to beat people who don't buy those items. This is buying very nice looking skins for cars.
Exactly. I always threw the wood out when component farming.
There are wood stumps that you get 50 wood from. 
And you'll gain exactly what by making the camper just go inside? Lol so much salt about this.. the zergs are still gonna roof camp and you won't be building up and some how getting revenge.

You can't stack ceilings, but you'll still need tons of c4 to get down to anything of value. It doesn't really change the raid mechanic, it just changes how people build. Instead of loot on top floor it will be in the middle of the base....
For one, it's meant as an outdoor item. Putting a roof on it breaks what it was originally intended for. Two, it breaks the astetics when you run around and see smoke billowing out of the center of someone's roof. Three, the main purpose of this patch was to Nerf the offline processing of materials. If you want to run your furnace, you need to be in to protect it.
How will it stop the first two? 
They should never allow a roof over a large furnace. 
> I run a 30 man group.

How is that even fun?
Yep!
Radiation is awesome. Keeps people out.
They will just include an adapter.
It's not big. Put them right next to each other. Usage is fine. I have no problem using it.
Get the s8+. It has the same size battery as the s7e.
To be fair, I think that headphone jack may start disappearing from mleven Android phones. I'll hate that.
Yes but it's stripped down and not even installed unless you install it. I don't want it.
Try the plugin I put in my second comment. See if it works out for you.
[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/galaxys8/comments/68efti) it is.
I think so. It pairs with the phone not the headset.
I actually just saw a chrome plugin for this... It syncs your bookmarks and stuff to your Samsung account. If I see it I'll update.
First off, when the family is doing all this complaining and fear mongering, ask them what they will do to help out then.. I mean, seriously, if they are going to complain and fear monger, then offer up some suggestions on how to freaking help! If they don't want to, then tell them to butt out. She's a border collie, not a great white shark (although, land shark is very fitting for these pups lol).

I read your reply to the other person as well. I won't lie, it's going to be difficult. However, one thing I did notice in our puppy that might be the same as yours, is morning and mid afternoon are nap times. It's night time that the little monster shows up. If that's when the husband is home, it would be good for him to get involved so that you get your rest. My wife is home all day with the kids and dog, so when I get home, she turns into my dog. We do some frisbee, play ball, go for a walks, etc. 

Training is really important at this stage and I suggest either puppy classes, or learning from someone really good at it. I bought a book by Zak George and watched a ton of his youtube videos. His method works REALLY well. I also watched Kikopup and she has some great advice as well. Both of them have a ton of youtube videos that if that's all you watched, you'd be well on your way to doing it right.

Being a border collie, she will have some herding instincts. With that herding comes nipping at heels, biting, jumping, etc. So you will want to watch that and train her to not do that to the humans. Since the baby isn't even here yet, you won't have to worry about this too much until the baby is more to the toddler stage and can run. So, just take things one thing at a time.

I don't know you or your husband. So I can't say 100% that it's going to be ok. If the husband is on board to be exerciser/trainer at night, I think you'll be ok. The first few weeks will be hard until you get into a routine. If you need to, get a dog walker to come weekly or a couple times a week. There are also doggy day care places and if you have one around you, that can be good for socialization and giving yourself a break.

I think it's definitely possible to handle this. It will not be easy, but nothing in life is easy. You won't ruin the dog if she's not getting attention 24/7. In fact, it would be bad to give them that attention 24/7 anyway. You don't want to have separation anxiety anyway. If she cries in her crate, just like with the baby, they need to get over that and you need to walk away and let them cry it out. Zak George has a great video for the crate training stuff. 

Anyway, I'm rambling now, so let us know how it's going. /r/dogtraining is a great resource as well.
Same for me and my wife both. The terminal will default to debit some times so you have to cancel to get it to run as credit.
Don't use pin. Run it as a credit payment.
I've had it start shooting at me, I hide, and it goes away after a while. 
To anyone with good luck and kept this, how does it work with various Spigen cases? I have the tough armor and their clear one, don't remember the exact name.
I got mine last Wednesday. I had the label created on Monday and it said it was going to ship Friday, but then just showed up on Wednesday. I was really surprised.
What's insulting?
How is voice going to fix that? It seems like it's not even close to being accurate. Even when Google goggles released it worked way more than it didn't. 

I would love using the bixby cards, but it's app support is really narrow, and only getting news from briefing? What's up with that?
I don't know as if I would try anything other than just taking it back. It shouldn't be doing that out of the box. It's not normal.
First off, get a pen. We bought a metal one because our land shark would chew plastic up pretty quick. When she was overly bitey, she went right to the pen. Also, as soon as biting starts, substitute your hands for a toy. Shove the toy right in her mouth and get her to bite/tug on that. Also remember that puppies are teething just like babies do, so chew toys are important as well. We used frozen carrots too for this. 

Secondly, exercise and things to do are very important. Border Collies need to use that brain. Get Kong's and fill them up with treats. Consistent training helps work the mind and keep her thinking. 

When it comes to the baby, regardless of age / temperament of a dog, you need to keep them separate untill you know how the dog will react and never leave them alone. With a pen you can safely have the baby on the floor next to the pen (supervised of course) and the puppy in the pen to start the process of introductions and training the puppy how to act around little people. 

Having a puppy isn't easy... Having a border collie puppy can be frustrating lol. But in the end, with lots of training and exercise, she'll probably be a really good companion to the kids. Our 9 month old border collie has come a LONG way and is really well behaved. We were pretty worried at first though. 

How much experience do you have at dog training?
I have no doubt about that!
I'd rather have this than Comcast's I don't care about you at all attitude. Lol
I'm in that camp with some small scratches. I'm really surprised. In looking at all the scratch tests on youtube, I would have thought it would be fine in my coat and pants pocket (no keys or anything in with it).. Looked today carefully and I have a bunch of very small scratches. Not sure if I'm just going to roll on like this or get a screen protector. I really only like the tempered glass ones, but with a case it doesn't seem like any protectors work well.
Allergies can change all the time. We had a cat for 5 years and no problems until one month my wife and daughter we're sick for a month... Doc suggested and allergist. Had testing and found out they were both allergic to cats... 
My 9 month old border collie won't let my wife hug me. She barks and carries on, even jumping up on us. I'm not sure if she wants to be included or if it's jealousy. My wife thinks it's jealousy. lol
I've dropped mine twice in a spigen case and it's fine. are you sure you didn't move weird with it in your pocket putting some pressure on the front of the screen?
I love my S8+.. But I'm worried about the Note 8. My wife is saying she wants to get out of her EIP on her iPhone 7+ if they come out with a Note 8... If she gets one, I may have to too. lol
Battery life is awesome. I was at 1 day, 1 hour last night and still had 46% left with 3.5 hours if sot. It's way better than even my wife's iPhone 7 plus.
It's only $3 a day if you want a daily pass. If you want it all month it's just $5 a month... You're still saving money.....
My prediction is that it has nothing to do with T-Mobile. Sprint may have a hard time finding a buyer, so nothing may come of it. You could tell they were having issues in the merger department when Masa said he would settle for a minority stake in the new company. It sounded a little desperate, to be honest.
You may want to installed gsam battery stats and enable the deep tracking thing through adb. That will help find it.
Yesterday went 25 hours of runtime with 6 hours of sot. Look at your stats.. you probably have a bad app.
My charge 2 works at a much larger range than before on my s8+. I would just exchange it to be safe. It shouldn't be like that.
I use mine in the US at various stores and works great as credit. If it picks debit automatically at the machine it will fail.
In some areas, yes, but I have no service at all in the basement where the server racks are and I spent a ton of time down there. I can't say if I've ever done a call going to basement to upstairs though. We have 2 access points in the basement that I roam between all the time.
It's seem less for me at the office. I have 3 unifi access points in a mesh Network. The phone just seamlessly moves from AP to AP without dropping my call. So it's going to depend on your network setup heavily.
That sounds like a hardware defect.
If you don't want to force all apps, you can launch the app you do want full screen, hit the recent apps button, and there will be a full screen option there. 
I've become so dependent on it now... I'm paying upwards of $40 a month just on music subs... I should probably go back to mp3s and buying CDs. Might be cheaper.
I just tried this and it didn't fix it. It's weird. Somewhat annoying now. Lol
Mine either.
No issues with my bluetooth devices or my car bluetooth. Works even better than the S7 did.
I gave it a shot. I don't like it. I've activated it by accident a couple times now on the S8+. I set up the news feed, twitter, sports stuff... It's dumb. The news feed is from Briefing, which is what I hated on the S6 and S7. Turned them off on both phones. Now I want to turn off bixby. The twitter "feed" isn't a feed at all. It's the top 5 searches from twitter that I never use, ever. Then they display a gif from giphy, but I've seen the same damn gif 6 times now. I'm tired of seeing that dog. The upcoming calendar items is neat, but I have my calendar on my home screen for that already. 

Sorry for the rant. I really wanted to like it, but it's going to be another failed S Voice. They need to allow us to use that button for google assistant so I can voice search, text, and email.
Hit 14% and decided to put it on the fast wireless charger for a bit. Ended up with 19 hours of runtime with 5 hours, 29 minutes of screen on time. Not bad. Hopefully it stays that way. lol
> Yeah not on my watch

LMAO
My last battery stats from my s7 flat was about 13 hours of runtime with 2.5 hours of screen on time and I'd have 20% left.. this is nice in comparison. Lol
I'm up to 5 hours SOT with 34% remaining. Been off charger for 15 hours. Heavy usage of youtube, twitch, reddit, twitter.. I have a whole bunch of apps installed like snapchat, pingdom, quite a few games, my fitbit always on, Slack, Trillian, hangouts, Feedly, play must, di.fm, etc... All these apps would show up on my S7 as using battery throughout the day. Seems to me like it's really good on the S8+. I have snapdragon as well which most people say will suck.
I have an S8+ and I don't have an issue with it. For me though, it would have been better to have a right or left hand version. If my right hand, my finger lands right on it every time. In my left hand, I need to move my finger over to get to it. I normally hold my phone in my left hand so for me it would have been better to swap the location of the sensor with the flash. No big deal though, I'll get used to it.
Yea, seems like it's the AKG earbuds they provided. They are a little quieter than my other pairs of earbuds. Thanks for the video.
Highly doubtful that Sprint will be buying anyone. Masa already made the comment that he's willing to hold a minor stake in the newly formed company.
Yea, this won't be happening unless DT just wants to get Sprint out of the market, which I really think they don't since it's good to have Sprint around for some competition. It seems Comcast and Verizon may pair up unless Comcast aborts their plan and buys Sprint. I think dish and T-Mobile might be a thing very soon though. 
It's very unlikely this will happen. Deutsche telecom has already said they are not interested in selling, and Sprint is in no position to buy anything of value that will help them. Any merger will swallow them up, pay the debts off, and kill the brand name. Likely, a cable provider or sat company is going to buy them. 
That probably means they've started the process with a merger with someone...
Why don't you call the store and ask them?
Went home for lunch hoping to meet the ups driver there... No go. Even waited an extra half hour using the excuse that my dog needed me.
I found out that the bear rugs actually silence your footsteps on the metal floors... I put them down everywhere now. When someone is outside, they can't hear me moving around. lol
Now that sounds like a plan!
That actually makes sense... They package the orders and then stack them in the warehouse. First orders packed up first. Then ups shows up and takes the last one put on the stack first. Last in first out queue.
Booo, mines still at the ready for ups status. Congrats though!
Funny story about it.. Before they discovered this, I was with my parents and my dad was stopped at a light not paying attention. Light turned green and he wasn't going.. so I said, "Dad, the light turned white, you can go." That's when the questions started and I was in the eye doctor the next day. Lol
I'd be willing to bet that the majority of those people will not cancel their preorder.
I'm green and red color blind... I'll have to take pictures for you guys to help me see if mine has the problem. Lol
Do you think ups is sending planes just for the phones?
Oh that sucks.
Mine too. :(
Like a [grappling gun](http://files.tested.com/photos/2012/03/16/55-16939-grappling_hook_teaser.jpg)! 
Hmm. Looks like they are not planning on adding more staff any time soon then.
I think I'd like to try competitions, but she had a little ways to go. But I'm really happy with her progress being 9 months old!
The soft one worked great with our border collie! She went through two so far because her main passion is tug of war. Lol but she graduated to a plastic one last weekend and is having a blast.
Did you check to see if your card was charged? I have a tracking number and my card was charged on the 15th.
That would be awesome!
Awesome! I hope you guys get yours quick. I ordered through TMobile so I expect mine Thursday or Friday.
I did an orchid gray 8+ and my card was charged on the 15th.
You'll never find that.
Then just use inbox or Gmail.
Use Nine, it will connect to a paid Google apps account as well as o365. Then use digical for calendars.
I don't think they are. There was a video about it. It's quite possible because of the location of the coils in the phone that it won't work with that charger for quick charge.
To also help with what the other person said, get a dog pen. If they are not stopping the unwanted behavior, the pen is a time out area. Also, LOTS of exercise during the day.
Yea really.. I don't know what people's problem is, but I'm happy for these people and can't wait for mine. 
You have to specify credit. The card machines always try to default debit and it fails.
Can you take your dog to work? I take mine some days. Other people bring theirs too.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/CZD83UT.jpg) was me trying to eat my taco Bell when someone had their puppy in the office. 
I really think Comcast should swoop in and scoop up sprint. While Comcast has a shit reputation, they have the capital to finish out the network build...
LOL that's a USB port extender that comes with Logitech stuff. It moves the receiver out away from the tower.
I would think that would be a good fit with John at the helm of the new company.
Especially kibbles and bits. That person clearly doesn't have the dogs health in mind.
Kick out the roommate.
That and just little bit ago, someone posted here that they hacked through an insecure password on a RDP server, had all their VMs encrypted and had to pay a ransom to get it back... It's just a whole lot more secure to setup even something simple like OpenVPN with password and cert based security and then use RDP through that.
Hmm. I was pretty sure my card was charged on the day I pre-ordered... Maybe it was just a hold. I'll have to check.

*Edit: good thing I checked. It was just a pending charge.
And definitely don't fly United. You may not make it there at all!
Mine didn't work either.
You and I both! I can't wait!
Same.
I preordered through TMobile that night and I just got a text that my order will ship on the 19th...
Those who can, do. Those who cannot, teach.
I just played an older game called Dynamite Jack. That was pretty entertaining.

I play plague Inc quite a bit too.
Well, my only suggestion is to look at credit karma to see what is/isn't wrong and then wait for the rejection letter to see what the reason is. My credit isn't great and T-Mobile approved me for 12 lines. When I left Sprint I was still paying a weird fee because I had to have a bill amount limit. 
Depends on the denial reason. Without knowing what you were trying to get/finance and your credit history it's hard to say. If you were trying to finance 4 phones and you have a lot of credit card debt, then paying off the debt fixes it. If it's just an error on your credit report, you can report those errors through credit karma. It can take a little while. 
The letter will explain it. If you want to verify your credit info, sign up for credit karma. It's free and they let you look at the major credit bureau reports. 
You were denied. The store employee should have told you that.
You'd .Isn't likely get your first payment and taxes back minus the 15% restocking fee.
To answer the return question... You have a 14 day return period (generally) where you can pay a restocking fee and return the phone. After that, you are liable for the full price of the device. You can't just give it back after 6 months and get money back or just be done with payments. 
Me to!
She isn't touching mobile data, only wifi. With wifi off, it appears to work perfectly. With wifi on, it's very intermittent. Also, another person here can't send at all with their wifi on, so at least in the US Apple uses WiFi to send MMS.
I'm going to have to try with with the headphone buttons. I can't go back with them, only forward by double tapping the answer button. Really strange they did it that way.
The first one and yes, still have the problem. It worked to send the first 4 pictures then failed on the 5th untill I toggled wifi off and on.
Yea we tried that already. No go. Was failing right after the reset before restoring anything.
It is. T-Mobile had us check that first.
Even if it successfully sends a few times, then stops, then starts back up again?
Do you just pay in cash or use a credit card? I have a hard time swallowing that full price all at once. I suppose I could be more diligent about saving up for it... The only place I see doing payments is Google for the pixel.
Awesome. I posted on the thread too. Let's hope someone knows what's going on.
Another user checking in with similar issues. Any help in what to look for would be appreciated. I used TCPDump on my router to try to figure out how MMS gets sent and why it would possibly fail, but it's hard to find that needle in the haystack.
I have no idea. It's a complete mystery at this point. I can't even get apple to tell me. I'm going to have to dig into the MMS protocols and try to find out. I'm just too tired of all this at this point to do it tonight. lol
Well there goes that theory.
I asked them on the phone if it would be a refurbished pH ne and he said yes, but it'll be like new. This was Apple I was talking to, not TMobile. A friend of mine told me that didn't sound right. Regardless, the nearest Apple store is 45 minutes away and I know another device will not fix this issue, so I would rather not waste the time and miles on our leased vehicle to do that.
Do you have IPv6 enabled on your wifi? If you do, does the VPN tunnel IPv6?
This is what I was wondering is if it's just something on the wifi that's a problem... But, I can never get ANYONE at T-Mobile or Apple that knows enough technical details to help me pinpoint the issue. If I knew exactly what it's doing, I can troubleshoot through my wifi setup. 
We did try a reset and setting it up as new. Didn't work, but that was before the 10.3 update from 2 days ago (this has been going on since I bought the phone for her on valentines day). I probably should do it again on 10.3 just in case....
Can these things be changed in iOS though? I'm not sure it's available to change.
I believe we do, we did an update 2 days ago. I'll double check all the versions tonight.
That's interesting... I wonder what the common things is between your wifi and mine... I don't do anything special except ipv6 and qos.
Do you send pics often over wifi? Hers will work a few times and then start to fail. Toggling wifi fixes it for a short time. 
It appears that the MMS messages ONLY fail when connected to wifi. If she is on LTE, they send lightning quick and never seem to fail. That's not to say that they never will, but we have not seen it yet. Our test for the rest of today was to leave it on LTE and not connect to wifi to see if it happens. She sends tons of pictures during the day, so we should know by the end of the day if it's a success or not.

We have not tried a sim card swap yet. I was chatting with T-Mobile on twitter today and she said that she talked to other co-workers next to her and some of them said it was a bug in iOS 10.2 that hasn't been fixed yet, and that they also have the same issue once in a while. While on the phone with Apple 2 days ago, they urged us to get the latest update immediately as it would fix the problem for us as well... It didn't seem to fix it. So maybe it truly is a bug that hasn't been fixed then?
I can send her pictures and they seem to go through to her just fine (I'm on android, in case I forgot to mention that). I haven't sent a ton of pictures to her via MMS as I am usually in hangouts. However, that is a good thing to try tonight when I get home. I'll send her a bunch of pics and see if she gets all of them.
While it is probably on, it fails when sending to me, and I've never had an iphone so nothing on my contact profile would tell it to send via iMessage. Or, are you saying that it could just be having a issue sending any picture because iMessage is trying to do something to it first?
No that's not it. Your parents are abusing the puppy. Your need to rehome it. It will end up with behavior issues being treated that way.
This is great news! I may still try Bixby just to give it a shot, but I really like Google Assistant.
You should look out for what made him disgruntled.
Yep and even happened to me once. 
I agree with the home button feel. I was hoping for a similar feel to my wife's iPhone but it wasn't the same. She said it was just like hers, but it wasn't really close.
A major provider here in Michigan (Blue Cross Blue Shield MI) is pushing online doctor's harder than I expected.. I've received many notices that it's available and easy for us to use with our insurance.
I have this one too. Fast charges just fine. Been using it for about 6 months now and works great.
Yea, plus the artists do get paid per play, and this circumvents that in a big way.
Agreed. It should be taken in or sent in ASAP. Just in case..
Take it to a store or send it in to Samsung for warranty repair. It could be a defective battery.
We've backed off on antlers because I read that it can crack teeth. I've been afraid to buy another one but our girl really loved them. What do you think about the teeth thing? Safe or not?
Mine says between the 20th and 21st on T-Mobile.
You have a couple options. You can use the carriers visual voicemail, or you can do what I do, and have a Google voice account with a phone number. You then set you cell number to forward to that Google voice number if you don't answer. Google voice will then act as your voicemail. It has an app and speech to text. 
On a side note... After messing with the s8+, my S7 seems like a really small screen. Lol
I just tried them both, no difference in haptic feedback. These were store models at Best buy. My wife and kids tried them both as well. It's not as good as the iPhone 7 click, but it's good enough and both models were in fact the same feel.
I did the 8+ too. I'm going to love being able to watch videos and still type at the same time with it not going up off the screen.
Yea that's what this sounds like to me. I'm driving around to find demo models now.
Yea, you won't have a problem. I was surprised too to see the screen size on the regular s8 to be the same as the iPhone 7 plus. 
Our girl hasn't been either, but last night I did a nail trim and a bath without any hassle! Small victories!
What awesome markings! Very nice looking!
Easy there chief.
I'm a huge fan of Spigen.
That's weird that it seems to be just that color and model for only T-Mobile at that price. Almost makes me want to pick up another one.
Good idea. What case are you going to go with?
Same here! 2 young kids and thankfully never had to use it, but we've used it on the dog at least 4 times now. lol
To be clear, we are talking about /r/GalaxyS8. The subreddit will get out of hand real quick unless someone else takes over, I think.
I've been thinking about that. I don't really drop it or anything. The most that happens is it gets shoved in the wrong pocket with keys... I might just get a TPU case I can take on and off if I know I'm going to be some place it might get messed up.
S8+ in orchid gray. Coming from a S7. Won't be a huge difference for me, but I wanted a bigger phone.
I have no help to offer, except to say my back yard still looks like a race track complete with dirt built up in mounds where my recently deceased GSD would run around. I would knock the piles of dirt down and the very next day they would be back from him running. 

We now have a border collie... I'm thinking that I'm going to have to go with artificial turf. LOL
You know it's a conspiracy nutter when they use phrase "Wake up!"
Even as a solo player, I do that now. lol
I see the problem as - if you don't make those things that quick, then forget about being able to protect your stuff. Wood doors won't last one night against the flame throwers. At least with a metal door, you have a chance at not getting raided the day after you start.
Yea, especially with that change making the large furnace a complete waste of time and material to craft. I'll never make one again. It's already a pain protecting the stupid thing if you don't want to be on the server while it cooks. Now I won't need to make as many high external walls to surround the base. It can be a much smaller area if I don't need to worry about that thing taking up so much room.
It make end game longer to reach. I'll just make way more small furnaces. I already start my 1x2 base out with 3, I'll just pack in 3 more if I need to. Then, my main base will have an entire floor dedicated to small furnaces. Wood and low grade are extremely easy to come by, and once you get the salvaged pick, stone is quick to get too. This change only makes the large furnace a waste of resources and it will be used even less. I mean, really, what's the point of the large furnace at that point if it's only working on one stack at a time? Plus, having to put it outside so you have to actively protect it unless you make really expensive walls? No thanks. 
A store is 45 minutes away for me. Is this going to be on the web site?
He also said in the same sentence that they were not considering merging with Sprint. Both companies are posturing for a merger with non-cellular companies.
What page are you looking at?
It has never been a production license. 
Since you mentioned office, make sure your not using that office key in msdn for anything other than writing code against the office SDK and testing it. Using word to even type up a letter for your girlfriend is not covered under the msdn licensing terms.
You can't use those keys in any production setting. And when you become a partner and get internal use licenses, you can't use those for any revenue generating purposes, I.e. host your​ product for people to use. Additionally, if you have 1 msdn sub, that is one developer only. If you have more than one using visual studio, your not licensed properly.
There are protection circuits that won't allow the battery to get drained so much they are damaged. Even when your phone says 0%, it's not really completely empty. So draining it to "empty" isn't going to damage it.
I changed mine from today. I felt like I was the reason they posted this.lol
Get a ~~behavioralist~~ behaviorist. Ask your vet for recommendations.
They removed that unlimited option. Only way to have it now is to be grandfathered in from having it previously.
Web traffic is shockingly bloated now compared to back then. Some sites can use up half a Meg just for the JavaScript now.
We just recently started cooking food for our border collie. We cook up a week ahead and freeze it. Thaw it out in the fridge the night before. She loves it. It's just chicken, rice, and some veggies. It ended up being cheaper than taste of the wild for us. Plus, I think she has issues with the grain free foods. High pH in her urine and crystals until we get her off the grain free stuff.
In order to be a proper test, it needs to be compelling, or people just won't do it, especially with Sprint's reputation. 
It's weird to offer this in areas that already have multiple cable tv providers. Why not choose areas with less competition to make it a more compelling reason to switch to Sprint?
This is awesome!
You are a real piece of work.

Edit: work = shit
There is not a shortage of workers. There is a shortage of employees that want to pay a decent wage for skilled workers.
Because that's the biggest asset they have, spectrum. They want to dump sprint in a big way this year and spectrum is it's only thing other companies will want.
You have a source for that statement?
Yes.
I don't think Sprint can deliver on anything 5g at this point. It's going to require either a merge, or bankruptcy and sell off of their spectrum/assets.
Why stay?
[Katie](http://i.imgur.com/Kwr5lYL.jpg)

[Katie wanting the ball](http://i.imgur.com/78QCLh8.jpg)
Turn on logging and see why it's failing.
I got it to work, you just have to follow their wiki guides on setting it up along with wiki's at freepbx. I don't remember what the settings were off hand.
I just switched to the one plan. I only had 2 lines. I didn't do any other promo's other than 2 to 100 unlimited, so it seems to make sense to move.
Well, rdp is what I need the most when I need to use it, so that's that then. I'll go switch.
Hmm.. if they start doing "only with one" promos, it might force me to change over to it. I'm on the 2 for $100 sc unlimited promo.. nothing really holding me back from switching other than I just lose a little hotspot data.
I could never fix it. I jumped to another carrier and haven't had a problem. I think Google music just buffers more of the song before playing and sprint just limits the streaming too much.
I switched to TMobile almost a year ago after being with Sprint for 8 years. I'm so glad I did. Service is so much better.
I wouldn't be concerned if that was my kids out there. They don't seem aggressive at all.
Sold to the highest bidder at this point.
I've been dreading doing this, but I may have to. I've gone through a few system updates in the last year. Probably time to bite the bullet and do it.
In other words, focusing their efforts on anything but Sprint. Lol

Oh man. That brings back bad memories. I just became a Premiere member when they changed it all and took away the upgrades. I was MAD. I think that was the start of the "we can't take care of customers anymore" mentality. 
This wasn't specifically about T-Mobile, if you read the article. All the "news" before was Sprint buying T-Mobile (lol), but when DT shut them down a few months ago, the tune has changed to SoftBank dumping Sprint to the highest bidder. It's pretty much done at this point, and it just comes down to who is going to bid the highest after April. Son even said on an earnings call that they are going to go anywhere for a deal at this point, not specifically T-Mobile. Comcast, Google, Dish, etc could all come swooping in at this point.
T-Mobile is not up for sale.

> T-Mobile is now almost as big as Deutsche Telekom's German business. "We are not in the mood of selling the business," Hoettges told investors last November.
> I just hope it's big enough of an incentive to keep existing customers engaged without sacrificing the margins that meet Sprints debt obligations.

This is key. It has to be a competitive deal, but it also has to sustain their margin on their users.
Hopefully this will be a great deal for existing customers that switch to the new unlimited plans. It better be good though, they have to live up to 2 great deals out there.
I don't know if it's great for urban areas either because I think it doesn't penetrate buildings well.
I could probably find out looking at financial statements.
I don't think SoftBank is in a position to purchase at the moment.
Is that the same for all carriers?
Yep. Same here.
I've been considering doing a full wipe because of the weird lags and my battery life has been really weird (like only getting a TOTAL of 10 hours of life). Even doing something simple like sending a text message would lag the device for a few seconds. After installing, the lag seems gone completely. I'll see how battery life is tomorrow.
Does it seem faster to anyone? Upon reboot, I'm not noticing any weird lags I had before.
Does it seem faster to you?
The official version was just released a little bit ago for T-Mobile.
Likely tied to the device. The size of the update also makes me think this is just a beta to official release as well, so you would have to actually be on the beta. It was only 110ish MB.
Run. Run fast.
This is all well and good, but if the signal can't cover the right areas, adding capacity does nothing for the people who get a crap signal.
I was with Sprint for the better part of 8 years. No amount of reporting through their various ways ever had them fix the issues in my area. I reported it through the App, through customer care, and eventually Facebook and Twitter. It got old after a while, especially after hearing "Well, we aren't seeing any major issues in your area!"

After travelling around looking at signal strength and speeds, it was very apparent that they concentrate on the larger population densities first (Detroit, Flint, Grand Rapids, etc). Other places are just left to rot, I think. And that may simply because they have to go after the larger markets out of sheer necessity. Detroit was awesome. Where I am, not so much.
I am pretty sure all of us (even me as a T-Mobile customer) don't WANT to count them out... However, unless they do something for existing customers, I think they are going to see people jumping ship. I think at that point they will HAVE to respond, but I worry that they won't be able to. Their cost vs revenue per customer doesn't leave much wiggle room to give out discounts.
I'd have to have some sort of phone in the meantime. That's why I was going to just jump to something cheap. I wonder if I can borrow one from someone...
I'm trying to decide if I want to use my Jump to go into a really cheap phone so I can pay it off outright and then move into JOD with an S8. I'm worried I won't like the S8 and want to go to something else...
Every time I read one of these, I picture an 80 year old person sitting there typing "That was a sweet deal bro!"
Try [these?](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/aw/d/B01881R24O/ref=mp_s_a_1_11?ie=UTF8&qid=1487219483&sr=8-11&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=samsung+earbuds)

My pair have the Vietnam on the same spot as these, so they should be legit too.
[these?](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01LOQ3BW2/ref=mp_s_a_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1487218633&sr=8-4&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=samsung+earbuds&dpPl=1&dpID=31Hr7DDQzGL&ref=plSrch)
Plus, they can't afford to do this. That's the big takeaway here. For some accounts, this credit will wipe out their profits on that line(s) for years.
This is the only answer for them now. Scrap the promos and just make the prices permanent.
> The company is dying.

I don't know if they are dying yet, but a lot of this makes sense now. In comparing Sprint to T-Mobile, Sprint has an approximate $46.16 cost per user where their revenue per user is $47.90. T-Mobile has a cost per user of about $43.35, where their revenue per user is around $47.77. T-Mobile can afford to give price breaks to existing customers. Sprint, not so much.. So I guess we see why it hasn't been happening now. Sprint needs all the cash it can muster every quarter to keep things moving. This Tidal deal was a huge mistake and I think they are going to really start paying the price. They should have used that money for some sort of existing customer retention plan. 
I'm sure I did it wrong... But if net operating expenses are 8.2 billion, and their total postpaid and prepaid customers are 59.9 million, that doesn't bode well, since APRU is only around 49. That means their losses on service are being made up in other areas. I guess to do this right, I would need to look at service expenditures only and compare that.
Do you happen to know what their cost per customer number is? I have no idea how to even go about looking to find it. I am really curious now if they are losing money on new subscribers and then trying to make up for it after the 1 year period and that is why we are not seeing them do anything for existing customers.
They have to respond at this point. They are the ONLY ones not doing something (other than having DirecTV as a requirement, which is like doing nothing at all). 
I'm still on a simple choice plan with binge on turned on. I watched some YouTube on my S7 today while waiting at the car dealership and to be honest, it looked just like regular video over my wifi. Is it an issue on bigger phone screens? I seriously don't see why people are making such a huge deal over this. I know there will be use cases, but it seems like everyone complains about it.
He's not great at a lot of things. Remember the ghetto commercial? Lol
Shareholders are not always the sharpest tacks in the box. They'll see this response and think "OMGWTFBBQ WE ARE GOING TO BE RICH WITH PEOPLE SWITCHING!" When in reality, they will probably lose more than they gain to people just being pissed off...
You can find out more by asking in /r/tmobile, but as for bringing your S7, probably not. It's best to get a phone that is completely compatible with their service.
We had to run and pick up a new phone for my wife, so while she was driving I did a lot of reading. Since she HAD to play with her phone on the way back, I had to drive and I thought about this the whole way home... I wonder if they absolutely can't give existing customers any deals. I wonder if they are SO completely strapped for cash, that they just can't afford to give any existing customers a break, and have to milk them for everything they can. Doing promotions always gets people, and with EIP, you mostly lock them in for 2 years. So you get one full year of the higher rate, before they most likely bolt and go to one of the other providers. I would hope that things are truly not that bad, but what if they are and that is why you see this happening all the time with no promotions for existing customers? 


That is such a great picture!
> Either Marcelo knows something we don't (which is very possible), or he's misreading the terrain....

He's misreading the terrain.
That was a really clear answer.
Why would you lose jump?
There isn't any throttling on any plans. 
A pen worked really well for us. If the pup is out and starts getting too roudy and mouthy, go straight to the pen for a time out. Our girl eventually saw the pen as a place to rest and relax.
I wonder if stone closed door discussions have happened and anything dealing with T-Mobile is now off the table so they're floating the news that they are available... All the talk has been T-Mobile so if that isn't going to happen, they need to let others know.
She is so cute!
The community edition is pretty much the pro edition, only it's free for non-commercial use. If you can get pro through your school, go for it, but I don't think it's any different than the community edition now. I'm not sure what they will do in 2017 for students. It'll probably be the same situation though.
Yes.
We pay about what you make for entry level technical support in Port Huron. Shop around now. They used your lack of experience to get cheap labor. The more work experience you get, the better off you'll be in landing jobs.
We need this in Michigan.
Come on, man. 
[Yep](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fire_arrow)

They were not primarily used on infantry targets. They were used as siege weapons to burn down equipment and buildings.
You light the campfire.. You light the torch.. You light the flamethrower..

You were saying?
With a flaming arrow though, they could easily make it take longer to light the arrow so that the flame throwers would be relevant. Then you can use the arrows to shoot at roof campers. :P
hahahaha, that is so gross. Whatever works though. lol
My border collie is being completely trained on positive reinforcement. She's doing great. 6 months old and wants to play tug with a ball, I just say "Katie, sit", ball drops to the floor, she sits, and then stares at me waiting to grab the ball and toss it so she can catch it. 

As a side note, she bites like crazy when she gets all excited about playing... So the other night my wife and I had enough and tried the whole dominance thing.. Grabbing her mouth, pinning her to the floor.. Yea. Didn't work AT ALL. In fact, SHE LOVED IT. She thought we were playing rough and just wanted to play even more rough. Ultimately, getting the pen out, and doing a time out was what solved it. We strayed from the normal (using the pen for this time out) out of annoyance/anger and it completely backfired. We felt bad, Katie thought it was a game, and ultimately did nothing but probably reinforced the bad behavior at that time. Never doing that again.....
Where did you get your stats? using bf4stats and battlefieldtracker, BF1 on PC has 2.5 times more players than BF4 and Xbox and PS4 are WAY more than that. 
Liar.
This is odd. Why waste the money?
Get to a vet pronto.
If it wasn't for my games, I probably would have gone Linux full time long ago. As it is, I'm considering a dual boot with windows only for games...
Did you ever get your memory back or did you have to relearn everything you did?
At 21, I was bringing home more money than my parents who owned an electric motor repair shop. All because they bought me an apple 2c when I was 9. That started my whole career.
Why does it have to be Michigan?
Cancer would get cured and we'd have world peace. 
Don't feel guilty. If I did what the clerk did, I should have the cops called on me. 
> Fathers don't stick around because government won't give free money food and housing to black woman if the father is in the home.

And that's the excuse? That's a pretty terrible excuse, to be honest. 
That's pretty simple to prove when there is no paperwork to prove it...
Getting a raspberry pi works well to. It gives you a another device in your network to configure and use for  anything you want. 
This is where I would probably have a custom app running that can connect to some sort of api or process that I can look at more specifically and then spit out a good/bad value. Then use zabbix to check that app. We do this all the time. I wrote apps that can connect to our software and run various tests then return a value that says it's working. I monitor that in zabbix. 
Yea, I don't know why it's so hard for people to do this. I hand them a card, tell them to get ahold of me for prices and to schedule a time to get together... Most of them never call but we always end up talking about something else after that. 
Time to move out. 
Adorable! Looks just like our Katie! 
Mine works fine. 
My twitch plays videos. I watch it all the time. 
We have quite a bit of reliance on pfsense in our organization because it's awesome and generally just works. It helps tons that it's been around and maintained as long as it has. 

With that said, some people can still get a little jumpy when you see products get bought then changed, then dumped. It's the nature of the business and its always good to have some sort of fallback. Hopefully, we'll never need it. So keep on doing what you guys do. And don't sell out. Lol
If I was your manager, I'd give you a bonus and time to refine it for other areas that have a similar need. 

If our sales manager was your boss, he'd probably fire you for  having more knowledge than he does. Lol
Yea, because companies should NEVER make any money or pay their own bills.
I bet his dentist loves him!
Could possibly be socioeconomic status as well as geographic region too, though. Alcoholism can happen to anyone, but lower economic standing can play a huge factor and if you do not have many friends or relatives in that same "class" then it can skew your sample. Geographic areas can have a huge effect as well. One town may have a better way of dealing with this where another could just as well encourage it.

This could also all be a lie just to push tax law changes on alcohol to bring in more revenue as well. 
Forgive me. I didn't know you were looking for that specific source of that number. 

This is from the [Moscow Times](https://themoscowtimes.com/articles/report-russias-illegal-pharmacy-alcohol-industry-growing-56313).

I doubt they will link a "Study" or "Survey" which is probably what you want. That estimate is most likely from data showing lost tax revenue over the years and smaller studies on groups of people. I saw an article earlier referencing a study of 151,000 adults and around 8,000 of them died of alcohol poisoning. That seems like quite a high number, comparable to somewhere like the U.S. Now, this study could have selected poor alcoholics, or it could have been a truly random selection, and we will probably never know that... But after reading a lot of articles looking for this, it does seem like there is quite a problem with this.
Not the best of sources, but the top result of my search was [WikiPedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcohol_consumption_in_Russia)

[QZ.Com](http://qz.com/403307/russia-is-quite-literally-drinking-itself-to-death/)

[BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/health-25961063)

Not real hard to find, really.. Did you even look? lol
I just verified it's doing it to me as well on nougat, so I reported it. The more people that report it, the better chance we have of a fix. 
What a beautiful dog! 
Only when I exit the game. 
It shouldn't... Imagine having to have 6 of these on your product... You would need a switch mounted just to wire up the motors. It's nifty, but very limited in production usage. 
Lol, when we migrated to office 365 from another online provider, we didn't migrate deleted items. The prez of the company flipped out because he had multiple emails with passwords and important information saved in his deleted items folder. 
We use zabbix and love it. 
Plus, they are ignoring the fact that the paper son had shown reporters at that meeting had Foxconn on it.... This has nothing to do with Sprint. 
If I were his boss, that's an immediate termination. 
They are probably not investing in Sprint or T-Mobile. It has something to do with Foxconn. I have no idea why people are so gung ho about a Sprint/T-Mobile merger. Which brand do you see surviving a merger? Hint: Not Sprint. lol
We were partnered up with another person and one instructor, so while one was shooting and getting advice, the other watched. It was about an hour of total time because the person I was partnered with had never shot before, so the instructor gave him more time than he had to with me. I put about 50 rounds down range, the other guy about 100. 
It seems like alot, but when I went through it, it didn't seem to bad. The class was fun, the range time was even better, and I only waited 2 and a half weeks for the permit. 
It seems odd to me that people think tmobile will still be up for sale. 
Such a great idea. Combine it all into one. 
My wife's phone did this a week ago. 100% charge and just turned off and wouldn't turn on. She did the volume, power, home button thing for about 10 seconds and it finally turned on I to recovery mode. Really weird. It's been fine since and she didn't clear cache or anything either after it came back on. 
We only have a policy of allowing it too when leaving or entering the building. We have to have a lock box in our drawers of our desk to keep it during the day. It does kind of defeat the purpose of carrying at work, but it's a start. I don't lock my box. 
I say that daily these days lol 
In the U. S. you pay your service fee based on service speed, but then sometimes have a cap on the amount of data transferred. I get 75 Mbps down and 5Mbps up, but have a 1TB cap. 
I can't tell if that article is praising the ad, or hating on Sprint.. Lol
You need to use the stock one. 
Just keep in mind that the licenses you get for software and OS' are for development and testing purposes only. So you can't spin up a machine with a Msdn win 10 and use it for your home pc to play games or pay your bills. Other than that, it's a pretty good value. Make sure you create a visual Studio essentials account. You can get some free pluralsight training and other freebies. You also should get some azure credit each month to play with. 
Correct. Check the features carefully because the community edition has a lot of the features anyone would need anyway. 
It's a yearly subscription fee to use it. If the subscription is not renewed, then you are not supposed to use it anymore. Previous versions that had static keys didn't stop working if the subscription ran out, but starting in vs 2015 it seems to have gone to a model where it checks for a valid subscription now. So it will probably stop working once the subscription runs out. 

Regarding the usage personally vs work, since they paid, there should be no issue using it as long as your company is fine with it. 
I use [this](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01H76NIAS/ref=sxts1?ie=UTF8&qid=1480088142&sr=1&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65) one and it works great. 
You give reddit way too much credit for having auditing in place for this. I very highly doubt they have anything like that in place. 
Very interesting! I had no idea they could have webbed feet too.
I think the deluxe is only $35 right now. 
Boo. I'd like to pick up overwatch, but I'm going to try to buy all my kids presents this weekend and just don't want to spend the money on games. I've been watching streamers play it and it looks like a lot of fun. I'll have to wait and see if we get better Christmas sales. Maybe by then the shopping for everyone else will be done and I have so e left over for my present to myself. Lol
What test did you do? We were talking about doing one on our Katie because we discovered webbing on her feet. I was under the impression that both parents were 100% border collie, but my wife thinks mom had something else. 
Wow. I applaud her for sticking with it so long. That's dedication and shows deep respect for the dog. 
See if your vet can recommend a really good behaviorist that uses positive reinforcement training. With a dog this bad, you should seek professional help. 
It's automatic if that was the only line(s) left on the account. You'll still be able to login and check you bill/pay final bills etc. But the service will be turned off. 
Still 32bit it seems. I didn't do a ton with it but it seems to run pretty well. 
I love just mayo!!! I cant find the Just Ranch here though. I've found egg free ranch, but I really wanted to try theirs.
If he is a security guard, why does he have Police on his uniform? That doesn't sound legal.
Well, lets see how this runs on a i3 with 4 gig of ram!
Yep, I have an egg allergy too! I accidentally had some ranch dressing two days ago and I've been sick ever since! I have yo really watch sandwiches from delis. You never know what they've added to it. 
The stuff I get is mainly an oil blend, like palm, soybean, and olive. It's not the same, but I think it's good. I have milk issues so it's the best I can get. Lol
A veggie flavor or like a dairy free cream cheese? I've been using a vegan cream cheese lately that's been pretty good. 
All very valid points.
It certainly is strange, isn't it? I'm faced with it all the time even with just software... We find a better alternative to what our sales people use, cheaper, faster, has more options, and would streamline the sales process... Nope! Can't have change! It would mess up EVERYTHING!
We did a crate and a pen. We have a pen that we set up in the living room. When Katie is out of control, in the pen she goes. Usually, the minute she's in there she lays down and ends up taking a little nap. That way, the crate is for night or when we are gone, and she likes going in it on her own. The pen is a you've been bad and need a timeout area. She still will go in the pen on her own if it's set up, but she knows to calm down in it. 
This is the most WTF thing I've read all day, and I've read a lot of stupid stuff today.
Jump to the cheapest phone they sell, then pay that off?

*Edit: See the post below mine. That's even better!
Mine wasn't black, I had the AOD screen, but when I tried to unlock it, it wouldn't actually come on then. Trying a restart now. I'll just wipe if that doesn't work. I had a notice to update voice recorder because it couldn't be optimized, but I couldn't use the update button. It was like it was disabled or something.

*edit: yea, restarted allowed me to actually use the Update button on that screen.

Yea, I've been watching their stock price, and as a former customer, I'm always interested in seeing how the company does.. I think if we do see any kind of acquisition, it's going to be T-Mobile taking over Sprint. As much as Son talks about improving and growing, I think he just wants to dump it at this point, and what better way to do that then sell it off to T-Mobile. If, and that's a big if, it would get approval.. Even with a Trump presidency, I don't think it will.
What's with all the merger/acquisition talk of Sprint lately? Is Sprint really struggling that bad that it seems like the only way out is a rescue from another carrier? It didn't actually seem like there were that bad off lately and that they were improving...
Yep, it's narrow, but it appears to be the way Microsoft wants everyone to move forward at this point. Until next year when they abandon Xamarin. Lol
The msdn mag article said it will have Xamarin forms support for Mac, Android, ios, and universal windows apps. So, write once and deploy on Windows, Mac, and the phones that matter. 
I'd like to know this too. I wasn't going to root and snag the zip solely because I didn't want to trip knox... However, having root would be handy here. We write phone apps and it's a pain sometimes trying to access data files without root.

I'll probably update around 9am EST. If you get me some basic instructions on how to do this, I'll make it happen. 
Yea, I'm white and I openly condemn them every chance I get. 
Honestly, I thought he was a sellout and I was pretty mad... But then I read wikileaks and found out he was blackmailed. So, now I just want to see the DNC burn.
Post some screenshots and let us know how it goes!
That's how the "family oriented" businesses hook you in. Make you feel like your "family". In the end, it's just business. I shouldn't have stayed. I'm much better off now.
I have personally gone through this in 2009. Company was previously growing, despite the 2008 collapse. The year after that, we started losing sales and not being able to close deals. Closer to the end of the year, we had the meeting. That paycheck wasn't coming (and we were biweekly). Most of us stayed. Small company, family atmosphere and all that. I found out the owners hadn't taken a check home in 3 months previous. If we skipped one, the employees would be paid the rest of that year. So I stayed. Fast forward two years later and things improved, started to get cash in the bank. Time to reward the loyal employees that stuck through that tough time... Sorry, can't do that. So I started looking.. They found out, begged me to stay and offered a company car, pay increase, work from home time... So I stayed. 6 months later, none of those promises came to fruition and I left.. 

Be careful. I'd leave and not put up with it. 
SpiderMonkey7862
I got mine from the Galaxy App Store. T-Mo US
I just did it and it didn't say full. T-Mobile.
If you lived here, you would understand... lol
I live where this happened.. Its a bunch of bs. All the neighbors knew Jeb didn't do it because he wasn't even in the guys yard that day. Animal control couldn't even find a way that Jeb could have gotten in the guys fenced in yard. 
Well.. She's only 4 months old right now and I can't have her in the fridge just yet. LOL
My Katie and I have a new life goal. Lol
You didn't do this. It's not your fault. Keep us updated. We're here for you. 
Yep, can confirm, works fine with QLogic drivers.
If you have an emergency vet nearby, I'd be going there instead of waiting. 
My dog peed on mine. 
What a pretty girl! 
Also, in the list view, there are a lot of broken images but in fixed height card view, there are images for almost every post. 

[Example](http://i.imgur.com/5wlkxnN.png)
Sometimes there are pictures on links and sometimes there aren't... On this particular post, it had and image of the moon with the att logo behind it, but I refreshed and the image went away. 
Did you check the firewall log to see if it is blocking anything else that might be needed? The machine the ts server is on has that pfsense instance ip as its gateway address right? 
The V20 doesn't have wireless charging, does it? From everything I read it looks like it doesn't, and that's really disappointing.
Awesome, thanks! 
You seem to know a lot about it... With JoD, do you need to pay for the phone insurance? I do JUMP so I get the insurance plus the yearly upgrade.. I like having the insurance as a precaution in case something bad happens. So for price comparisons, doing a Galaxy S7 EIP + JUMP, does it cost the same to do JoD + the insurance? Or is it the same and insurance isn't needed anymore?
I was told by t force today I could sign up any time and gave me the cost breakdown of what I need to do... So they are definitely still doing jod.
The streaming stick has it. I've only used it 2 or 3 times now from the mobile app. My experience is that it's not that great. On mine, the audio skips every so often and some times it gets way behind the video and I need to stop and restart the private listening to get it to sync back up.
That's pretty much how I have mine set up. I switched from the Chromecast to a Roku Streaming Stick. I don't have a high end receiver, but mine is plugged in the same. Digital cable from the TV to the receiver and it works fine. 

I don't watch twitch or youtube gaming on it too much, but when I did, it looked fine to me.
Never thought of that! Thanks! 
I was usually on it every week, but haven't been to interested either. The one I was interested in was the wired subscription... Then forgot about it and missed it.  :(
Yep. I'd be interested. 
Yea, I have a s7. I was really eyeing the note or waiting for the s8, but I have to admit, these issues and even the hint that it might still be an issue in fixed phones have me thinking the v20 or pixel... I just will really miss wireless charging. 
Just use Google voice for voice mail. It's much better. Plus, if you use hangouts, you can listen to the voice mail through that. 
The solution is to find the app(s) on your phone causing it.... 
A couple things... 1. More training, obedience type stuff. You need to work on your communication. Sit, stay, look at me, etc. This will help when training your dog to stop pulling on the leash. 2. There are a couple of different types of harnesses you can use. One clips the leash at their chest so if the pull its turning them around. Another is one that hooks to their muzzle and does the same thing where they try to pull and its just annoying for them to walk. 

For training, if you can get past his commercials and demeanor, Zak George has some great videos on this. 
A bug stuffed cat from a recent movie that Katie promptly tore a apart. Lol
Lol. Used both, and now you see which one I always remembered. Altavista was awesome. I remember finding all kinds of good tutorials and explanations using that.
I built my entire career using search engines. Started with astalavista and then Google. I'd rather have the search engine than another full time coworker. 
We gave him around 2 months of just us at home hanging out playing and doing some minor obedience training. Just going over basics, getting our communication in line. Give us all time to get to know each other. Then it was family members coming over to meet him. He would be in a back room, then people come into the house and sit down. He would then be brought out on lead to meet the new people. Honestly, the worst it got was sniffing with hair standing up. Everyone stayed quiet until he had time to sniff everything out and was then licking the person all over. We did a month or two of home visits and then started going on walks. We have a nursing home next to us and we would walk by there so the staff could come out and meet him. There was only one tense moment with a male orderly that had a really scruffy beard. Everyone relaxed, let him sit, get a few treats, and he relaxed and let the dude pet him. 

I think you probably just went to fast for him.. But I would honestly get a behaviorist involved if you can. Just to be safe and make sure things are done like he needs it. 

*edit: I should also note that everything we did was with advice from someone that knew how to deal with cranky, possibly abused, dogs. So, don't take everything I said as what you should just try on your own. Every dog is different.
Stop the cycle of rehoming and find him a good behaviorist to help. Our last gsd was VERY aggressive at first because he had 4 different homes in 2 months. It had to stop or he was going to be put down and for no reason other than other people not wanting to deal with it. Our gsd turned out to be the best dog I've ever had because we took the time to help him. Lots of rest in the new home. Lots of adjustment time. Then slowly introducing people we trusted. We had help, you should get some too before it does turn into a problem. He's probably just unsure of everything right now and will turn out to be a great dog. 
It's more her than us lol. She's only had a half dozen accidents and those were all our fault for not recognizing how she was looking for a place to go. Now that we've worked with her enough she knows how to tell us when we're messing her up. Lol
Thanks! We got her in with her urine sample, and she's on medication now with a recheck for next Friday. They found crystals in her urine. I've read that they can be from an infection, or a diet issue. So I guess we're going to have to take this one step at a time. 
We're feeding our puppy [Victor](http://victorpetfood.com/products/dog/victor-grain-free/active-dog-and-puppy/) Active Dog and Puppy. It was recommended by a person that used to feed her dogs a raw diet, but switched due to lack of time to prepare it. After spending way more time than I should researching it, we started our puppy out on it.
>#1: Yes, she will grow out of it. I didn't take your approach of teaching leave it on the walk. I taught it at home, and on walks, I chose to ignore my dog when she'd pick up things. Sometimes she'd end up carrying a twig in her mouth for ages, but usually she'd realise there was no fun to be had after she'd picked up the thing, so she'd just drop it and move on. This is easier when you're on an off-lead walk, since there's simply more things to do, places to go when free than when on a strict on-lead walk.

What if they try to eat what they pick up, like cigarette butts or paper? Our little girl is EATING stuff, even balls of dirt or matted grass from lawn mowers.. I'm constantly stopping to fish stuff out of her mouth. I don't care about twigs, or sticks, and even grass I'm ok with.. But the cigarette butts and paper worry me.
> 1) She is constantly trying to pick up every leaf, twig and thing while we are walking. While I am working on "leave it" or "no" which she is also learning, it makes for a busy walk. Any hints? Will that be grown out of at some point?

This is great to hear! Katie doesn't have something wrong with her after all!!! LOL I have the hardest time keeping things out of her mouth when walking. I've had to fish cigarette butts out of her throat 3 times now...

> 2) When I start jogging. I don't dare call it running, she'll run to catch up then cut me off barking at me. I figure this is her herding behavior? Is that correct?? I sometime make it a game, when she's coming from my left, I cut back left, and zig zag opposite her . . . Other times I can hold the leash out away from me to keep me from tripping over her. Any tips there would be nice also???

Yep. That's Katie as well. LOL We tried to wear her out last night on a 3 mile walk/run. Most of the running she was just fine, but the kids were out ahead of us. When she was more tired, she ran fine, but when she was wound up, that's when she ran faster ahead and would try to trip us with the bark/bite/growl thing she does. I started choking up on the leash so she was right at my side and holding my arm out so she couldn't cross into my path. That seemed to help, except the whole time she had her attention on me, not running ahead, so it was a slower go at it. I might try again tonight, if my knees and ankles are up for it... 

Comcast would go after sprint before tmobile. Match made in heaven. Lol
Probably depends on the store. I went to one when I signed up and they were pretty awesome. 
Rocket league, bf4, rust, and sometimes cs:go. 
Yea, I don't go to parks because our last dog was not trained the best (part our fault, part his shelter history).  It wouldn't have been fair to him to get in trouble and other people's dogs that may suffer from having their fun ruined. 
Pretty looking girl! 
Cute! Post updates so we can see him grow up! 
As others have said, training is probably best, but also if your lower back is OK, what about attaching the lead to your waist? That might take the pressure away from your upper back trying to hold them back. Then you can still walk them, while working on training in non daily walk scenarios. Huskies and malamutes love to pull, they are bred for that... Training that out of them might take a while, so finding something more comfortable would be good so you don't have to stop the walks altogether. 
I think she's probably fine and it was an accident. My wife was bite by our older shepherd lab mix that was afraid of the lawn mower. Wife was mowing, dog was reacting to it, lunged at the mower and connected with the back of my wife's leg. Left a bruise and a small puncture wound. My wife was really upset at the dog, and I understood that, but it was just an accident, like this was for you and your husband. Our dog was completely fine the rest of his life and I bet yours will be too. 
Does he just want to play? Our border collie is doing this with me in the mornings when I get up. She's only 10 weeks though, so I figured this is just her being a puppy. 
Plus, chicken breast is a much more high quality treat for them. Making it a different treat for this makes it extra special. 
This happened to me twice while on Sprint wifi calling... Both times the person said, "What? Why do you have xxx's phone?" lol They couldn't understand it went to the wrong person despite sending it to that number.
Do you have skunk? My former gsd used to smell the skunks from  a block away. We couldn't smell it but he could. He would growl and bark at it sometimes. 

Cameras are a good option. 
You can only get text messages with a law enforcement court order. She won't be getting that nay time soon. 
Don't rule out food and just change of diet. Testing is a great idea, but don't waste time with shots if a simple diet change would do it.

Good luck.
So glad to hear we are not alone! LOL

Katie tried to dig a hole last night.. So that's started too. But then, this morning my wife put her on the bed to wake me up. Getting a puppy tongue in my ear, nose, and mouth was the greatest way to wake up in the morning. LOL
Thanks for the response. Since I hadn't heard anything, I submitted it as a bug, but noted in the description that it probably could end up being a feature request.
We're almost 3 weeks in for our BC. She's a tad over 9 weeks now. We originally thought she was 8 weeks when we got her, buts she was actually  little under 7 weeks. 

It's been great and a challenge at the same time. She loves everyone except the 2 year old next door (which is fine, long story lol). We take her to pets art all the time and she runs to everyone wanting to be pet. If any of us get out of her sight for a few minutes and then returns, its like you've been gone for days and she has to get some love. 

That's the great part. She was very reserved for a few days. Didn't want to be right with us. Now that she is relaxed, she's chewing on everything and everyone. I have battle wounds on my arms, legs, face, and hands. She eats everything she isn't supposed to, including clumps of dirt, grass, a used cigarette butt... Ugh. We leash her outside now because we have to be able to get it out of her mouth if she picks up something. The play biting isn't getting better. Tonight I tried working on it with treats, but that didn't seem to work well either. Consistency is key so I just need to keep at it... I'm worried she's going to get sick from eating crap she isn't supposed to. 

But she's awesome. Especially when I get a face full of tongue everyone I walk into a room and bend down to her level. Lol
Do all border collies sleep like [this](http://i.imgur.com/zR5Pu0Y.jpg)? Lol
I bought a roku streaming stick,  the newest model. I had a Chromecast, but my intention was just to use the roku for things I couldn't do easily on the Chromecast that the roku had channels for. I ended up tossing the Chromecast in a drawer. My Chromecast would stop streaming randomly, it would freeze and reboot, etc. I love the roku streaming stick. It works great. 
That's a great attitude to have as a business. Great job. 
I would also add to this, once you and milo can be in the room together with out him biting you, play with him. Fetch, tug of war, anything he likes to do. 
Those are great!! 
I just read a very similar comment over on the sprint subreddit... Wonder if Verizon and at&t people are saying the same. Lol
Doesn't for me either. 
What a great outcome! I'm pretty sure that he saved you once again for making it a priority to get away from that unhealthy situation. So glad it worked out! 
It'll buff out.
Yours is around the same age as ours. We're having a blast keeping her busy when she's awake. I'm so tired though! Lol
My sprint s6 and tmobile s7 both had/have it enabled. I used the fm radio quite a bit. 
They don't need to be frozen, however if they are it takes longer for them to get the treats out. So if you want him to be busy longer, freeze it overnight. 

Sleeping all day is no big deal. Dogs sleep a lot. Just spend lots of time with him nights and weekends. 
/r/im14andthisiswtf
Drugs are bad, mmmkaay?
The loose hair is what is going to cause the most issues for your allergies. Dogs that shed less are better for allergy sufferers. One thing you will want to do often, is frequent baths with a good quality shampoo, and lots of grooming, preferably outside. Keep the loose hair cleaned up in the house and you should have minimal problems. If your allergies are not that bad in the first place, then just those simple things will probably mean never having an issue. 

My daughter has allergies pretty bad, but not to dogs. She was tested and told dogs are not a problem. Every once in a while she is around a dog and has an allergy flair up. Sometimes, its not the dog, but either the grooming products that are used, or the fact that the dog has other stuff in their fur, like dust, pollen, moldy dirt from the ground, etc.. It doesn't take much if you have bad allergies from something else.
Kongs are awesome. It's a dog chew toy that is anywhere from a soft to a hard rubber material that you fill the inside with treats or food (frozen treats and food too!) and then you give it to your pal and he/she will chew on it for HOURS trying to get the food out.

I used to get 3 or 4 of them and put them around the house for my big guy to go find throughout the day. lol 
I have no idea what people on this subreddit think about Zak George. I've only starting watching his videos. I bought his book just because it was pretty cheap on amazon, but I haven't started reading it yet. I've heard some people say he is a tool, but from what I've watched, his methods line up with other positive reinforcement training advice. Honestly I don't think his advice is much different than other positive reinforcement methods.. Anyway, he has a TON of videos on youtube as long as you can get through his petflow.com sponsorship messages at the beginning, end, and sometimes middle of his videos. lol Check him [out](https://www.youtube.com/user/zakgeorge21/videos). I know he has some specifically dealing with clicker training, the getting attention thing, and also working with reactive dogs. When you go to your trainer, if their methods line up with this dude's methods, you may be able to use his videos as quick refreshers at home when you are having difficulties.

Also, if you DO watch his videos and try his stuff, let me know if it works or not. My border collie is just a young pup right now, but we plan on trying a lot of this stuff on her down the road.
I felt the same way 2 months ago. The day after it happened, I said I could never own another dog. Hercules was a rescue who turned out to be an awesome dog. Last week we brought home [Katie](http://i.imgur.com/CP414hJ.jpg). She's definitely not the same as our Hercules was, but she sure has made us all feel a little bit more whole. 

Give it a few days, or a week, then go to petfinder and look at all the dogs that need a home. There are so many out there that deserve a good place to call home. Punky wouldn't want you to be sad.
Dude, vet, now. If she's trying to puke but can't, it could be bloat, which is deadly, very quick. If its not bloat, she could be having a reaction to the medicine. Never wait when your dog isn't eating or drinking or moving. 
She's black. Thanks! She's a ton of fun already! 
Puppies are great! 


But also a lot of work. LOL We're lucky that she is sleeping through the whole night without issue, but we HAVE to keep her busy when she is awake. She LOVES to chew on everything in sight. 
Oh yea, we have tons of plans for that. My mom and sister both have dogs, plus quite a few people at work have dogs. She's visited work already, been to PetsMart twice, and met TONS of random people who we encourage to pet her. I can already tell she is going to be a lot of work! We love our dogs, so she will definitely be getting a ton of attention and play time.
This was at the store on her on the way home. A friend of ours lives on a farm. Dad goes to work every day chasing geese off a golf course and mom herds sheep. They had puppies (the friends didn't plan this)  so we got to pick up one of them. She was the fluffiest of all the pups. We really were not planning on getting her that day, so we had to make a trip to the store for supplies. We picked out a bed and I put it in the cart... I think she liked it! Lol
We just got our first Tuesday. She's only 7 weeks old, but she's already a lot of fun. I don't know how it will play out, but I have plans to build an agility course and possibly some dock diving. But it will depend on what she enjoys. 
I was on the opposite side of this once. I was the roommate with the dog and my other roommate was afraid of him biting him. My dog would try to hang out with him all the time and just sit next to him, but he thought it was creepy. I told him to just talk to him. Don't even pet him, just talk. He thought I was nuts. A few months later I came home unexpectedly and my roommate was in the shower talking and I couldn't find my dog. Lol when he and the dog came out of the bathroom he told me that it's quite therapeutic to let it all out to someone that doesn't try to interrupt, or give their opinions on stuff. Lol

He ended up getting a dog of his own once he moved out. 
What a great story! That's awesome! 
From all the responses (positive and negative) I've received here and in PMs, I think the two breeds will be perfectly happy together (in our house). We are not the type of people that won't train or understand their dogs, so I think we'll be good to go if we decide to do this.

Thanks for the response, I appreciate it!
It's a dominance and training issue mostly. If they are not trained, they won't get along well with anything that is smaller than they are. This is all generalized, as every single dog can be different. However, Malamutes that are raised with other animals, even smaller ones, will generally do fine. If they are not raised with cats, then I would never let one near a cat unsupervised.. But that goes the same with Huskies as well. 

With all of the Malamutes that I've been around over the last few years, I've yet to see an aggressive one. These are all trained show dogs or dogs that live in houses with other animals. I've read some horror stories about cats and small rodents, though...
My wife and I were discussing the time/energy commitment this morning and reaffirmed that we think we are ready for it. She is a stay at home mom (homeschools) and I work a normal 8-5 job (then work from home if it's needed, but rare on weekends), so we don't have any real work commitments to worry about. Within reason, the dog(s) go with us everywhere, so the only problem there is going to be the Malamute. If we get a male like you suggested, then we will need a bigger vehicle! lol We have a Jeep Compass right now, so with the 1/3 seat folded down in the back, the BC will be fine. A BC and a Malamute won't fit. lol We'll have to figure that out if we go this route.

We have also heard that same sex malamutes don't do so great together sometimes. We were planning on a female malamute as well, but maybe we need to rethink that. You are not the first person to mention it. The breeder we know said she hasn't had any issues with it, but that's only one person. I've read it too many times for it to not be on my radar at this point. I personally would prefer a male malamute anyway.

Thanks for the comments, much appreciated!
You're right. I'm an idiot.
We are going to be spending some time with the border collies tonight (not just the puppies, the parents and other adults they also own) to make sure we are ok with them. I am 99.999% sure we are fine with their intensity, but all we've experienced first hand are videos on training and the breed in general. We've met and interacted with many Malamutes before we made the decision to get one of those, so I want to do the same with the BC so we don't make a mistake we later regret. 

I am definitely all for getting some personal training for us to learn how to train agility (and anything else) properly. The free play part is always a given in our house. Dogs we own always get play time throughout the entire day. In my reading, I've read that the border collies in particular need jobs to do and things to keep their mind working, so that's what I'm more concerned with. If we like the breed and we decide to do this, we will have a lot of learning to do ourselves.

Thanks for the thoughtful reply. You've given me some things to think about for sure.
The breeder that we will be getting the Malamute from has her dogs around other dogs all the time as they are competition show dogs. We are aware of aggression issues with very small animals, like cats, which we do not, and never will, own. 

We are aware of the differing activities and it wasn't that much of a concern to us.
This wouldn't be our first rodeo. We've had dogs for the last 20 years. The last dog we had was our first challenge. He was a GSD that was a rescue. The poor boy was pretty mentally damaged by the time we got to him. He had been taken from the rescue and brought back 3 times. No one could handle him. When my wife and kids went to see him (after knowing he was brought back 3 times) he flopped over on the floor so they could pet his stomach. So, we brought him home. He taught us more than we taught him on how to behave and handle an untrained, high energy, 1-2 year old dog. He turned out to be the best dog we've ever had. He still had some issues we had to constantly work on.. Barking was always a problem, but we let it go (as did our neighbors, lol). 

Anyway, we are pretty sure we are ready for this. The kids are 10 and 11, so we are not worried about them not knowing and doing something wrong (grabbing, not looking at signs the dog is stressed, etc). We also have a pretty big support system for the Malamute. The border collie was something that just came up recently, so I'm in search of other BC owners in our area to talk to before we do this.
I sent a similar email about it, and a person in the executive team told me after looking up my account, they are glad I am getting such a great deal and they are sorry I was confused about my plan..... I don't think she even read the email I sent. Kind of disappointed and put off... 
It doesn't do this now? I have aod on, and when  I play music the album artwork shows and the notification for the music app has pause next and back... 
I love my gp100. When my dad was still alive, we used to shoot skeet with it. He'd hand throw it and I'd shoot. Great way to learn leading a target. 
I don't see why they have network concerns... I would hope that they would have evaluated what their usage looked like and what these plans would do for future growth, cash flow, and how much they could upgrade their network to handle that growth.

I wouldn't worry so much about them handling it. Especially when both companies throttle your speed in congested areas when you've gone over a certain amount.
Yea, and I can see that from a business perspective. I just can't justify that for 3 tablets in my house that are 99% of the time on Wifi. The ONLY time those tablets need to be tethered is when my wife needs to finish up her spreadsheet for the kid's schoolwork, or when we are out and the kids want to use their tablets (this part only happens 1 - 2 times a year). 

The kicker is me and my laptop. We can live without tethering for the tablets. I'm on call 24/7 and if I can't do high speed tethering, I have to run home or to some place that has wifi in order to get my laptop connected. This only happens a few times a year as well, but it's more of a need than an "oh well, I guess I can live without that." 

It's kind of a bummer. I'm not leaving over it and I'm certainly not going to jump ship if I have to be forced onto this plan. It's just going to suck a bit those times I would have been able to use it. Plus, my bill going up $20 a month is kind of a bummer to, but I get it. I got a deal.
When I sent an email, I forgot to mention the reddit posts... I should have!

I just sent an email to Mr. Legere about the tethering. I'm paying less for unlimited than I would on the One plan, but I would lose my tethering speed. I don't use hardly any, but when I do use it, I can't have 2G speeds. There is no way my remote desktop would work well. Plus, when we do use it for the kids and their tablets, I'm not sure how well their games will work. My wife uses it for her tablet to sync and edit files on Google Drive. Not sure that's going to work very well for her either...

Sprint did unlimited plans starting today. It's 2 lines for $100 and 5GB of hotspot included. I think a 5GB for free and a $15 for 15GB add on would be better than 2G speeds.
1. They eliminated tethering at high speed. You got that with EVERY plan they had. Downgrade.
2. The "sale" I got was only $20 per month cheaper than full price. The month before i signed up for unlimited it was $120 a month for 2 lines on the unlimited plan. So this NEW plan is the same price as before, except you don't get mobile hotspot (See #1). 
3. If they are going to get rid of rate plans, they better damn well make it beneficial to everyone.
Same here. I was excited when they said $40 per line, but that's only when you have 4 lines. I only have 2, so my $100 a month would go to $120. Not cool.
Holy crap. I rarely see anything from my area on here! We're famous St. Clair!
Light the pilot on the hot water heater. 
At will doesn't mean you have no recourse for wrongful termination. If they terminated you for specific reasons that were wrong, get an attorney. 
Honestly, I expected them to just outright ban the sub. Lol
Reddit allows people to put the logo on all kinds of crap, but as soon as you put it on a gun, they call it trademark infringement. 
I'll probably start doing it through the web site. I always want to a store so I could get it right away. I'm not a patient man. 
Thanks for the suggestion!
Did you do the IWB or OWB? All I see are nylon IWB and leather OWB right now. I wonder what Nylon would feel like against my skin if worn all day..
Its what a state trooper told us... 

edit: I've been searching news articles for this now and not finding anything. I'd like to believe he wouldn't lie... but he was a state trooper and he does have an agenda to make sure people aren't trying to be heros. You should see some of the articles I'm finding on other CPL holder issues though. People really don't use their heads much.
I think the purchase is good for softbank in the long run. I don't really see how it will benefit sprint at all, though. 
It will probably go up more tomorrow as more details come out. 
Totally. Google dumped out what they didn't want. The patents were worth more than what they ended up paying in the long run. 
What would sprint gain from iot? I have a hard time seeing that as a benefit. 
Since it's so mint, are you going to shoot it? 
Very proud. Thinning the herd. Lol
They were, rightfully so. 
When I went through my class, we had a state trooper teaching it. He told us the story of a cpl holder seeing a guy holding up a woman at gunpoint. The cpl holder drew on the robber and told him to drop his gun. He did, the woman ran. The robber was an undercover federal agent arresting a woman that had escaped from prison... Guess where the cpl holder is now? Prison. Be careful with the "I'm going to protect people" thinking. 
And  I hope it isn't followed by idiots doing stupid things that give news media fodder for their agenda. A few months after we became a shall issue state, we had cpl holders shooting at other cars on the freeway in full on road rage. Then we had people waving them around at shopping malls when a clerk wouldn't take their merchandise back... While I want all people being able to defend themselves, some people just have no common sense. Lol
Damn. I would have loved it too. I have been trying to get my wife to go. She's really afraid of them,despite me having them in the house and carrying.. 
Yea, I really like that option and wish Google music had it. You could always set up plex on your server and then get a roku and stream it that way. 
No. 
Yea, I'm going to be calling comcast and canceling Starz and then pick it up through Google play. Same price, and I'll just stream it everywhere. 
You're very welcome, and thanks for the gold! 
I don't know where you get that tmobile doesn't train their reps this way... When I switched I was told the same thing and knew full well there is no way it would be free, so declined. But they tried twice to sell me up to $300 in free accessories, my wife started looking around and I told her no. If they don't train this way, it's awfully suspicious that we have the same experiences and we hear about it here once in a while. 
When a rep says free and its a monthly payment, that's a lie. Period. 
Like what? I always see these comments but no one ever gives that "better way".  
You have 14 days to return with no penalties. If you are having problems already, return it now. I waited years and ended up so frustrated I just left. 
Fixed! Sorry about that. 
[Prefs](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B370Hc9Y-HblSWtETF9sQ3VxYjA/view?usp=drivesdk) and [Db](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B370Hc9Y-HblUnQyVHFSa0RmNk0/view?usp=drivesdk). Password is 1234

I have [it](http://m.imgur.com/lMAuwSZ). How do I back it up to give to other people?
And I did leave.... 
Absolutely! Do you know how many times I reported coverage/data/voice quality issues through Sprint Zone?! I gave up after 6 months of reporting it all over town here. Not once did I ever get a response, even a thank you for reporting, ever. It leaves me thinking that they will NEVER do any upgrades or fixes in my area. 
I used to think it was just Sprint, but now that I'm on tmobile, I hear it there too. Different phones, different service, and probably different technology for the HD voice delivery too... Maybe I'm just weird and used to non HD calls. Lol
Does anyone think HD voice really sounds that great? I always feel like there is this weird hiss I hear in the background when I talk on a HD voice call. 
This is the same process I went through when I switched to tmobile. They give you money for the phones and put that towards your bill. So now you have a $270 credit with s sprint. Instead of paying sprint the money for your next bill, you pay at&t instead. Now that you've submitted your final bill, sprint will give you either a gift card or credit for your account that makes up the difference, which is your final bill amount minus your $270. How you proceed next is up to you. The way I did it, was pay other bills that month with the gift card from tmobile, and paid my final sprint bill with money I would have sent to those other companies. For me, it worked out. Depending on timing, you may have to pay your final at&t bill with a credit card and the pay that off when you get your reimbursement from sprint. 
I don't know as if tmobile spent very much on this. The products were pretty much given away as advertising from the respective companies. The only one I saw that was actually money spent was 500 grand given to the Dave Thomas foundation. That's charitable giving and probably has tax write offs. Loyal3 paid for the stock giveaway... 
not everything needs to be recorded though...
I use it because of voice-mail to text. It doesn't always convert the best, but I get the general idea. 
If you go to your Google voice settings, it will have instructions on how to activate call forwarding for busy and no answer. 
No, you just forward your cell number to Google voice on busy or no answer. Then Google voice picks it up and uses its voice-mail. 
Thanks! 
Would I need a Playstation to get vue? 
You are fighting a battle that isn't worth having. A company of 20 employees isn't going to rapidly expand to 100 over night. His rapid expansion is probably going to be 25 or 30 total employees. If I were you, I'd be fighting for proper deployment tools, not imaging on 1 or 2 standard machines. Or even skip deployment tools, because honestly, you are not going to be reimaging machines daily. 
Probably not. Nukes away! 
Ok. We need to ban all opiates then, especially doctor prescribed ones, as those are killing people. We also need to ban immodium  as well, since that's responsible for deaths. Cancer medication has also killed many people, so that should be banned. I know someone who overdosed on Tylenol, that needs banning immediately. We also need to get rid of any and all alcohol. That kills people and destroys families every day. 
Its the only way to stimulate our economy. Have to put people to work building planes and tanks. 
Can confirm, it works well for the $200 a year we pay for our 40 users. 
Last month I paid my bill in the morning, got a text saying thanks and my balance is now zero. Later that night I got a text saying my balance was due in a few days. Lol 
6 months? No. Not sure where you got that, but mine was not 6 months. If it takes the Fbi 6 months to check someone's background, then they need to step up their game and shouldn't be allowed to control any lists. 
I don't think that's possible. 
So that's how you slam dance.
I know this is an old post, but for people that want to activate these channels easier, you can get more channel links [here](https://eciov.com/articles/tech/comcast-xfinity-apple-tv-activation/).
No issues after upgrading last night. 
I hate this about comcast. Problems for weeks that you have to prove and then it magically solves itself. I often wonder if they do absolutely no monitoring of their systems and network. 
It did me too! 
Test drive both sprint and t-mobile and go with the one that has the best coverage for your needs. 
Thank you for that info. 
While that's a great idea, let's just hope the fbi doesn't ignore it like they did the guy that shot up the night club. A gun dealer denied a purchase and notified the fbi but they never followed up.. 
I would definitely need a whole lot of set rules and regulations law enforcement would need to follow for me to be OK with this. As an American citizen, if my family member did this without my knowledge, I wouldn't want to be on some list with no way of due process to get my name cleared. 
I'm a gun owner and cpl holder. I'm glad they are doing this, but I worry about an agenda (on both sides!). There is a lot of junk science these days. I hope they look at it objectively and use a real verifiable scientific method. While I am really tired of mass shootings and people being robbed at gunpoint, I don't want my ability to be on the same playing field as these jack poles taken away. 
My app must not have refreshed. It had said 3 hours ago when I responded. 
I so wanted to try those, but sadly, I can't. 
I bought stuff extra each day because I wondered about this... Now I'm glad I added some who it. It wasn't much, cinnamon sticks the first night and garlic cheese sticks the second. Damn this garlic cheese sticks were the bomb. 
John already responded yesterday. 
Yea, I wasn't a domino's customer before. I think it sucks they are pulling out, but I discovered that I really like their pizza. I'll be back. 
When I did mine, I got the code from my app and my wife's app and wrote them down. Signed into my Domino's account, added the pizza, then went to the checkout, added the promo code, which then forced me to add a second pizza. So then I removed one of the pizza's, saw it was free, finished the checkout. Then did a second order, this time entering the code first, which forced me to enter the pizza, saw it was free, and checked out. 

When I showed up at the store, the dude behind the counter asked my name, gave it to him, and he handed me my two pizzas and thanked me for coming in.
No kidding. I got 2 free pizzas with literally no hassle. Had lunch, dinner is all set with leftovers, and I plan on watching a couple movies tonight. Life is good!
Here's mine, lyft isn't here.

TMOBILEB52WRXB
I did mine under one name and had no problems. Did you do all 4 of yours under different names?
I ordered both of mine in my name and had no problems. I have an account set up, so they knew it was for one person, too. They even combined it at the store and put them together. Didn't even have to tell them it was 2 orders... Just said my name and and got both pizzas. 

This might be one store trying to get out of giving away pizza...
That happened to me. I just removed one after I added the second. Then on the second order I did, I put the coupon code in first instead of doing it at the checkout.
What area?
that was quick!
Sorry, I port numbers all the time for business lines (too/from Verizon, Comcast, and AT&T) and cell lines too/from landlines and it never takes that long. The longest I've waited was 2 days because of Verizon and their verification checks. 

You try to make yourself sound important. You may want to try an attitude change and maybe life would go smoother for you.
Completely disabled because it was not setup correctly and functional. At home I enabled ipv6 because it's working fine there. If ipv6 isn't setup and working then there is no harm in leaving it disabled. 
I did a trial of their new connect product. Sucks. My main tech laughed when he saw the screen refresh rate and we stopped there and threw it out. No way it's worth what they are asking. If their full product has that same quality, I have no idea how they are the best or even an industry standard. 
This is what we use with our customers. We have a quick support exe on our Web site they download. Works great and doesn't leave our customers vulnerable. 

With that said, we are switching to screen connect as soon as the funding is available. 
Lol troll. Go back under your bridge. 
Good to know. I won't update. 
Got mine to. Anyone know anything about this loyal3 company? I don't deal with stocks, but if this was a good way to pick up some once in a great while, I'll stay here rather than trying to find some other brokerage firm. 
No. Less than a day. I did mine in 20 minutes. 
I don't think you needed tmobile to make you look like an ass... 
I did mine a day ago, but it had been 2 months. Something happened and the it was getting hot.  Battery didn't seem to be draining, but it wouldn't cool down. So I restarted it and it went back to normal. 
The map in my area shows good to fair coverage, but I leven in the fair areas I get full LTE signal. So in my area, the map lies, but it's better than the map. Lol
I get full LTE everywhere  I go, even in  areas that show less coverage on the map. 
Now we know why they blew him off. 
Interesting. I'm on chase. I looked for options and didn't see any. 
I didn't know Samsung pay gives notifications of transactions when it wasn't used for the transaction. 
We were needing to upgrade our teamviewer. After their recent downtime during our busiest time, and all the security issues, we decided to explore other products. I'm SO glad we did! Screenconnect is really good! 
I thought Google removed the ability to use this. 
You might be right about that. Fewer people will need it going forward with wifi calling. 
Good luck! Took me 4 tries. Last try, I told her I wasn't getting off the phone until I had the return kit in my hands. Lol I went through 2 "supervisors" and got a 4th confirmation email. This time the box showed up to stick it all in. 

Such a pain to give back something with them. 
Its probably best not to wait till the last minute to pay a prepaid bill. Lol 
Aside from also doing what the other person said, emailing John Legeres office, you could go to a store and get a prepaid card and pay that way. 
That's really odd.. I would have thought they would have at least looked into it.
Maybe reach out to t-force on Twitter or Facebook? Sorry that happened to you. That really sucks. 
Just create multiple accounts. We did. We just rent, so no worries about losing the account info. 
Heck yea. Been 5 years since I had their pizza. Much better than I remembered. I'll be going back even without the free stuff. Jets is my favorite, but this is really good too. 
Same here. We have pizza places like over but only one domino's. I remember it tasting like the box many years ago. Ours last night was pretty dang good. The prices are decent too. My wife made me add the cinnamon Stix to it. Those were decent too. 
My wife thanked them for doing it, and the girl behind the counter asked if we were on tmobile. When my wife confirmed she said you guys deserved it. Lol I'm not sure how to take that... 
Are you running a theme? 
The bad part of it, is now the first post on my front page for this sub is a locked post. So now the only topic I see on it is one I can't respond to. Kind of dumb. 
And there is a locked thread on my front page... Not cool. 
First thing I did this morning was redeem my movie. I also got the code for the pizza, and copied it down on a piece of paper just in case. I haven't tried it yet to see if it works, though. My wife couldn't get any of hers, so looks like she's cooking dinner tonight.
I made it just under that then! 
It would be easy to prevent, however I don't think they do unless it's a higher amount of retries and/or per attempt timing.

At any rate, there have been enough reports of it to make me just turn it off for everyone in our office. We have a VPN anyway and they just need to get used to using Remote Desktop.
You have to get the police involved who then have to send the logs to them. I might have a copy of the letter TeamViewer sent me if you want to read it. I didn't submit the log because the person can't remember if they accessed their machine at that time or not, and nothing else seems to have happened other than them being worried someone did access it. Looking at the logs, there were weird times of someone connected for long periods of time, and once while he was on vacation, but he can't remember if he did it or not (months ago and alcohol might have been involved lol).