This is not a victory, but rather a smart tactic.

Sure, they don't have a candidate, but at the same time, they will not *vote* for Nikol either. They are the majority, so they will vote for a 3rd neutral party, who they already bought and sold, and claim that it's true democracy, with Serj running things behind the scenes.

Don't worry, Nikol is well aware of this. He will not stop until they cannot vote at all. Let's not be naive and assume that HHK wasn't thinking of smart ways to stay in power this whole time and they simply gave up. They will never give up until you corner them all the way.
Moon is a military man who was in special forces. Kim would have been on the floor in a choke hold. 
Whoa...this is an interesting year it’s turning out to be. 
What does this mean, I wonder? It’s no accident that this is happening. 
Russia is in absolute no position to back out from its only ally in its region. Notice it’s the world against Russia right now. The last thing Russia needs is bad ties with its only remaining Christian ally. 

They will work with us no matter what the outcome is. 

Sure, they prefer the current government to stay in power, but it’s up to the people now, and the people are with Nikol until the end. There is no stopping this anymore. It’s too late and like I said, the impossible has already been accomplished, the rest believe it or not, is a simpler task. It’ll be a domino effect. 

The current PM (temporary) is simply buying time to move funds around before they all leave. Even they know that it’s over. 

The head is cut off, now it’s a zombie flopping its arms around before it dies. 
This put the biggest smile on my face. I love him!
It's too late. The ship has sailed. People have tasted freedom. They completed the impossible first step. There is NO WAY they will step down now.
RIP Kanye and Trump 
This is hilarious! That pause at the end. 
Who are you people? Seriously. Take this shit somewhere else. No one here will buy it. 
Yes it does. You can’t have democracy unless you get rid of the regime first. 

ENOUGH justification of anything related to Serj and his party. FUCK their idea of democracy. Cut the damn cancer out in entirety and let’s start over. 
I don’t get what there is to spoil?

Did anyone really not know the ship would sink?
Well, he definitely looks...calmer.
Isn’t it amazing how much better the prank is when someone who knows what they’re doing is doing it instead of some teenage idiot wanting to get views?
We need to go back to a presidential system and do a re vote. 
Did anyone else hear the robotic sound in their head as he appeared from beneath the floor?
It’s weird but I feel like I’m in that room with him when he talks about that part. I literally imagine how his life was every day. 
Plot twist. Last girl was a guy. 
Unfortunately you have to accept it for what it is. These types of men exist, and they will continue to do these sorts of things just to make themselves somehow feel better about themselves as men. 

Not to literally do what you gave an example of, but there are women who argue in the same way. What you might call men haters. Ultra feminist mentality. Men must die sort of thing. 

I came to accept that there is no real issue between men and women. Everything for the most part is fine. Babies are born every day and life goes on. Society is trying to create an issue among us that doesn’t exist. It’s constantly being thrown in your face by the media and social media platforms. So kids grow up a certain way already without really having any experience with men and women. They just accept the pre conceived idea that’s being fed to them. 
I suddenly have a airplane window phobia. 
Yeah unfortunately we don't know the exact details...but I cannot imagine not lisencing it.

That’s the whole point behind “original content”.

They created it, others have to license from them. 

Source: I’m in advertising. 
I’m willing to accept that the guy was so stupid he didn’t even know Eminem used this on a cd. 

And yes of course it’s stealing. It’s original content created just for Eminem. 
Fred, shut the fuck up, please. 

The post Relapse years...
The human body always fascniates me. So adaptable. 
Skyrim keeping up with the times. 
I can already tell this is going to be a lot of fun. 
Yes, because no matter what color a girl is, she still a...
He “singled out a whole race” to be more accurate. 
Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic
Hold on, faggot, let me turn this mic on
Don't think for a minute I'ma let you
Get away with that song
'Cause that shit was wack, you ain't spittin'
As a matter of fact, all of that shit was written
I think the most interesting thing about the song is him actually speaking about the details around the scandal of him calling the N word to a black girl.

He pretty much lays it all out and after listening you tell yourself, oh ok, so that’s what happened.


Somebody had to do it. 
I’m like guidance?! 

Ain't they got the same moms and dads who got mad when I asked if they liked violence? 

And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear? 

What about the make-up you allow your 12-year-old daughter to wear?
It’s not obvious that she does these things on purpose. Always tripping and falling, spilling things, etc. 
Nervous? Common Anarchy you’re big boy now, you can do this. 
Go take a flying leap of fate off a fuckin balcony ‘fore I shove a falcon wing up your fly ass. 
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? I have.  
Well you assume every Eminem fan has been a fan since 1999. 

That’s not necessarily true. There are people out there who know his music, and they like it, but they haven’t dug too much into his genius other than listening to his radio hits.


The bigger you are, the harder you fall. They have the mentality the banks had. We are too big to be stopped.

If Rome could fall, trust me, so can Facebook. 

Who’s delusional now? Why are you so stuck to the Matrix?
I think it’s time for a brand new player. 

The reign of Facebook is over. I see Snapchat falling too. 
You would hope so, right?
Yeah, it’s when you don’t want all those things to play at once, and they still do is when it becomes a problem. 
Demonic. Yup yup, don't worry I'm on it. I got it. High five Nick...
And the opposite is also true, especially in a work environment. 

I always question why I always have pleasant experiences with co workers who are strongly disliked by certain people. 
Read this is Luda’s voice with the beat playing in the back. 
I'm pretty sure this is a felony charge, correct?
It will never happen thanks to carriers.

I don't want an "app". I just want messages to handle sending of large files.
There’s only 1 con in my book.

No iMessage competitor. 
“Tomas, prepare the table when I come back, for when I return, it will be 6.”

“6 in the morning, or 6 in the evening?”

“6 in the day.”

-The Very Same Munchhausen
Yes, it’s my favorite book of all time. The language is especially fascinating if you understand Russian. 

That quote just came to mind but so many great ones. 
“Manuscripts don’t burn.”

-Master and Margarita 
I though it was announced that 11.4 is coming?
Well, sometimes they do I on purpose because it sounds controversial, but the FCC doesn’t actually censor. 
How do we see results?
Wonder how that Ivanka Trump line is going to be shot in the video...
What the fuck are YOU talking about?

It doesn’t matter. 
AKA Skyrim
Lunatics now run the asylum. They barricades themselves inside it. 
Great game too! Though they literally copied all the elements of God of War III. I’d play a sequel if there was one. 
“Beatrice!”

Dives into hell pit.
No one cares. 
Whoa 
Is it possible that the truck latches on from inside the bay?
Hm, every Putin critic ends up dead. How convenient...for those wanting pin this on Putin.


Tried to read article. Asked to turn off ad blocker. Not that important. Closed.
To be honest I won’t be use it for 8 hours a day. It’s not a call center or anything. Few phone calls a day type of thing. 
Been in your shoes. And I agree, the Pixel 2 (which I had for a short amount of time) is the better phone, as far as features and custumization.

The built qulity, not so much, but even that I'm willing to let go. I'm even willing to let go of the screen quality.

However...(and this isn't fully Google's fault, but more of the carriers), the lack of iMessage and the mysery of not being able to use it will begin drive you nuts. You will literally miss the Apple ecossystem after about 6 months. I know...that word "Ecosystem" seems so cliché, like MKBHD said....but it's true.

If RCS FINALLY gets released, I might actually consider using a Pixel. Yes, it's that important. Especially when most people around you use an iPhone.
How long have you had an iPhone for?
Andddd that’s why he’s pro guns. Right. A totalitarian who encourages people to have guns. 
Agreed! Everyone is so concentrated on what Trump is going for the U.S. not realizing these leaders are doing the same exact thing!
Ha! Gotta love Elder Scrolls!
Kindergartners? I would leave the room and I'm a 30 year old male.
I totally understand. Defeating anxiety by facing them. 

But going on live television might not be the beat way to do it! Perhaps practicing on a smaller scale, and then going into television is a better approach. 
That can't really be healthy, though. Eventualy you'll develop some serious issues. They need to get out those situations if they can't adapt.

Some things aren't for everyone.
Can anyone do an example in comments so the reader's brain reacts before they even understand what they read?
Minority Report
Yup. I remember the GTA San Andreas got AO then back to M. 

The PC version had AO since you can unlock “hot coffee”

That was pretty crazy for its time, actually!
There aren’t that many games that are AO out there. 
Someone should Tony Hawk’s Pro Skater 2 this thong. 
One can only hope

It’s not there now. We don’t have ability to chat on our computers from anywhere. I know I can do it on a Mac, but I mean on Windows as well signing into iCloud. 

In fact, we need a downloadable version of iMessage for Windows. 
So does it introduce iMessages on iCloud?
All the customization options. I had a Pixel. 
It looks nuclear 
Honestly, it’s not funny. I don’t know why they’re laughing. 
Top top stuff. 
He knows something. Find him. 
https://youtu.be/cwFQpRTwaP0?t=3m55s
My mom surprised me once too. 

I grew up on Mortal Kombat and played hours upon hours of it. 

I’m now 30 and one day we were having a discussion with my wife about my love for Mortal Kombat, and I was going into detail as far as why I love it. 

Suddenly my mom chimes in from the side. 

“Yeah, and Raiden was your favorite with his YABABABDAHHHHH leap in the air move.”

My eyes went wide and I said “YOU KNOW RAIDEN!!!!?”

She said of course you only talked about him like every day...
The effects of American culture. 
Ladies and gentlemen, America. 
Terminated
If she was a male, society would put “mental” conditions aside and have him rot in prison. 

I’m sure the gymnastics doctor has a mental condition, but the judge ripped his letter right in front of him. 

I bet a judge would love to hear her story. Hell, he might even have a hard on in court. 

This is just how the world works I’m afraid. 
That's some Mortal Kombat stuff right there.
Bet she’s looking forward to ES VI. 
Something odd is going on, though.  A curler got caught doping. A curler! The guy was in disbelief at his own results. I mean a curler? Really?

Is it somehow possible that this could be some sort of a conspiracy on the Russians? 
*2019 Reveal*

"Here at Samsung, we value your opinions and listen to your feedback. Which is why, this year, we have raised the price of the Galaxy X to $1,000."

*loud appause*
I never understand the double standards. 

Why is it so hard to accept that Apple is just good at certain things? Like marketing and the presentation. Samsung has been copying their concept throughout the years. I mean take a look at this phone. They are milking until the Galaxy X, but that’s ok. When Apple makes a S version, they’re evil.

It’s a duopoly of one or the other. They are essentially the same. But you can’t deny when one is better at something than the other. 

I comfortably use both phones. 
Apple has really perfected this with their keynotes. The crowd is clinging on for their next word in awe and excitement. 
What is this and where can one eat them?

Japanese restaurants? Or do you have to be in Japan?
And that’s exactly why I wasn’t able to free you. 

Enjoy eating that steak that isn’t real. 
You’re lacking the critical thinking aspect of the theory and keep thinking in a literal sense based on what the movie said. 

Take what the movie said and think outside of the box. 
Can you remotely connect to a VR game and still use the powers of the game when you take off the glasses?

No. That’s impossible. He should have zero links/powers once he’s detached from the Matrix. 
Whatever source code he carries, should only be used within the Matrix. He shouldn’t be able to use it in the “real world”.  

That’s like saying you have a source code with a significance when you play a VR game, then when you take off the glasses you still carry a code. 

In the real world Neo was just a human being. Therefore the only way he could use powers like that as a human being is if he is not in the real world at all. 
You haven’t answered my question. 
Thank you for the explanation! This is perfect. 

What about when you get scared something bad might have happened (but nothing happened), people say my heart skipped a beat. Does the same thing happen? Or is it different when it comes to fear/adrenaline. 
Have you asked a doctor?
Serious question. 

So are MacBooks just overall better computers?
Believe me I know. But I think you can’t help it but feel paranoid when there is even a very small chance of going deaf.

It’s like you saw someone get struck by lighting...and you’re waiting for the weatherman to tell you if it’s going to happen to the next person.

I just want Apple to say that they looked into it, and found that it was an isolated case. Say something. 

That’s all...
I just can’t get Tarantino’s unsatisfied face off my head. 
Are you writing from jail?
If he lives in a nation with Hitler, why doesn’t he get the fuck out?

He is blessed enough to even criticize the president. That’s already evidence of how much freedom the nation has. Trump hasn’t done anything but Tweet to anyone who challenges him or criticizes him. 

Would he do this in Russia? Fuck no. He’s probably be dead by now. 

John Oliver needs to count his blessing or get the fuck out. 

Yes, make fun, but don’t be so one sided ALL THE FUCKING TIME!
Nope. 

It’s honestly not your fault. You’ve been blinded by being brain washed for years. 

Trump’s mother was a judge and his father was a multi millionaire himself from the early days, which technically makes him a modern billionaire as well.

Do you know how much money it would cost Russia to puppet a fucking billionaire President from America???

The head of the FBI though can be easily bought by lobbying. So I wonder who’s really corrupt? Hillary and her minions, or a billionaire president. Get the fuck outta here with your unrealistic approach of the world. 

Europe doesn’t have problems with Muslims...are you trying to convince me or yourself?

I’m far from a trailer park location. I live in a 20 million populated city in the most Liberal state of all. 

You’re just going to say what you say and I’m going to say what I say. What you need to learn is that there are people like me and who think like me. You have to accept that. It doesn’t make us uneducated or trailer trash as you imagine. Clearly you’re the one who needs to open your eyes. Negative points on reddit doesn’t mean anything.

How do you think a guy like Trump even got elected? The guy is an idiot. But that’s clear evidence of how much people DIDN’T want Hillary and her bullshit. 

So I say again, nope. 

As for John Oliver, I say again, he needs to shut the fuck with the one sided Liberal brain washing that the media is deep in. Biased is an understatement when it comes to Liberal media. 

The man is president. Get used to it for 4 years and shut the fuck up. Bitching and whining won’t change shit. Talk about Brexit or some other shit. 
Nope. 
Yeah so did Pierce Morgan....
That was the thing about Whitney. It was nothing for her where other singers of this generation wouldn’t even dare...
lolz, ok. Ignore the fact that the United States is a superpower and everything DOES revolve around it. 

Do you think Toyotas and consumer electronics are sold in such masses anywhere else in the world? Do you think you can walk into a dealership and lease a brand new Camry with $0 down for $200/month? You can’t! Everyone wants this market. Yes, it is the million dollar market for ANYONE who wants to become rich(er) doing anything. 

That is the power our economy and our dollar has in the world. That’s why a La Coste shirt is cheaper in the US than in France itself.

This country wants you to make money. The rest of the world is more socialist and the government wants to keep the money. 

Look what happened in Europe? Their entire government budget is gone because immigrants from Muslim nations took complete advantage of the system. Now they’re fucked and people can’t pay more than they already do. 

Oh by the way, you assumed I’m American born and raised. I’m not. 

And ignore the fact that a lady actually DOING things based on some visions of someone else, is less scary that a man who has no filter in what he SAYS. Not does, but says. 

Last I checked, Mexicans aren’t being deported in masses, and there’s no wall. Nukes aren’t flying either. 

He challenged everything the liberals had put in place, and everyone is crying like a little bitch. Stop pretending like the world has somehow changed. It hasn’t. He’s questioning why billions of dollars are being dumped into foundations that no one questions. 

“We need to take care of global warming so we need to fund A B C and D”

Trump: “We” as in the U.S.? I’m not paying this all by myself. 

“THE UNITED STATES IS EVIL NOW!!!”

Wahhh why don’t you pay for everything anymore???

lol, what?
They have, but they’d be a heck lot richer if they did the same thing here. 

Look at the musicians and actors? They’re very talented, but they become multi millionaires in the U.S. market. 

Enough with all these fuckers criticizing us. Let’s hear some jokes on other foreign leaders. Oh yeah Putin is another popular one. 

Remember when South Korea’s president was running the country based on the recommendations of a shaman? Oh that was short lived but that’s 100 times scarier than what Trump is doing!
Then Google would be no different from Apple. 

You’d have better stability, but more control and less freedom to use the platform. 
Yeah, sorry the U.S. will no longer be funding 90% of the NATO budget. And yes, Germany does own money. What, no fact checking for John?

I remember this guy laughing and daring Donald Trump to run for president. He did, and he won.

Ironically, him being a foreign citizen, he’s making money off of talking about him on his show. If he’s so bad then why can’t you stop entertaining people using his name? If things have gotten so bad, why don’t you go back to the U.K.? Oh, but it’s nice coming here and making money, isn’t it? You would never a platform like this in your own country. 
Where’s Eminem?
Reading this kind of stuff reminds me of George Carlin. 

What researchers? Where?
Good call!
I say Relapse. It’s the original album. 

Refill isn’t an official album. Remember you care about the framing of an album, not how many tracks it had. 
Anytime. 
Whatever you say, Communist. 
So what?

Let me guess, they need to share?
And that’s a whole lot more than you can do in any other country in the world. These people were at the right place at the right time. Good for them. 
Wow. He’s come a long way didn’t he?
Is that Kendall Jenner?
Yeah don't think there will be a video.
✌️✌️✌️✌️✌️
I just feel like we’d know about it if it was true. The woman, whoever she is/was would have come forward eventually, even if she was paid.

Things like this tend to surface one way or another. Look at what’s happening in Hollywood. 
I love how he Rock Bottoms the bear at the end. 
Are you Dave Chapelle?
How would he know what pure cocaine is?
The world will look up and shout, save us, and I'll whisper, no.
I'll live
True. Hey, just random ideas. 

¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Not yet.
GTA has also been about poking fun at trends. I’m not saying it’ll be exactly like Star Citizen, but the currently there is a big concentration on space travel again.
I was obsessed with always having the latest version. Every week I’d download a new version of LimeWire and use it to get Pro. 
There is a right (or could be more than one) where he punches the opponent, puts his hands down, tilts his head to the side, then punches again without looking at his opponent. 

Incredible. 
Um, well, I know I godda start practising the steps, and I mean learning them, and start being able to apply them.
Well, you don't absolutely have to go to meetings and it's not like like a requirement that they fit into your shedule, we know you're a busy person.
Well if you find one you find one if you don't you don't.
That's an old ass TV.
This is so surreal. It feels like we were not supposed to see this. It's like seeing a God's personal life.

On a serious note, I'm sure he's very angry about this.
Of course they're in awe! Holy crap
Dr. Harris. Do you concur?
He betrayed DC!
And he got you in return.
That’s enough!
I can see that this works like a cult, and I’m not in it :(

Although I’m a huge Elder Scrolls fan. I’m just starting to read up on the LORE though. The YouTube videos help a lot. 

Truly fascinating. I put it up there with Tolkien (which I think where all the inspiration comes from).
Too late for the other side 
...
People want Em to stay 25 forever. 
Looks like a Nerf gun. 
ELI5: What is canon?
This right here!

I keep telling my friends and family that we actually used to enjoy commenting back and forth and having fun interactions on Facebook. Now that is completely gone.
People are spending 50 million more hours on reddit.
Yup. And believe me, I wish that down voting made it better, but unfortunately it doesn’t. 
Except on Revival (minus a select few tracks).  It’s missing that Dre touch. 
They used to make products like that. Not anymore. The iPhone 6 years ago was a better phone than the iPhone X now. 
Good! New features are useless if they are full of bugs. 
Well see that’s the problem these days with annual releases. There is pressure to introduce new features, and you get bugs.

I like the Android approach better. 8.0 was almost identical to 7.0 but much smoother. It was basically a big fix update. 

Worth it. 
Hey, it’s me Versace. 
What is that?
I don't recall compalining up until 2015 or so. I'd say every since iOS 10, it's just not par.
Haven’t encountered that, but then again I don’t really use iCal. 
That’s good to hear!
Just wait...
Definitely. It really started with iOS 10. 
This exactly. Besides the Samsung, the older versions of Google OS (Nexus running on Android 4.3) were no where as smooth as Android 7 and 8. 
I know what you mean. And with yearly updates, literally nothing changes as far as innovation. Sure the MacBooks get more powerful, but the OS stays the same. 
Well now it is since you commented in it. 
See I never had issues with neither. I’ve used an iPhone a lot more, but that’s because I still knew it was the better phone. 

I got a Galaxy S6 Edge because it was a beautiful phone and it seemed to me that Android was very smooth and reliable at the time. So I got it because i enjoy trying something new. 

I was very wrong. I used it the same way I used an iPhone, and this phone simply could not keep up! It became so laggy it was trash after 6 months. 

Back to the iPhone I went. My last test was with the first Google Pixel XL . AMAZING experience. Not only did it keep up, but it was faster, and SO much more reliable than the OS in the Galaxy S6. Android is beautiful now and came a very long way. 

I got the Pixel 2 XL as soon as it came out. Unfortunately, given its price, the screen was a joke. 

So here I am with the iPhone, again. All I’m saying is...I haven’t gotten that feeling of “Oh God it feels so good to be back!”


And I used to before :(

It’s like Apple lost it touch. I don’t even need statistical data to prove me wrong. I know what I feel as a user, and it’s not the same. 
Maybe, but all I could tell you is this. 

Up until a few years ago, holding an iPhone in my hands felt like it was crafted my Gods. Yes even the small models, and the overall OS experience was no different. 

Perhaps with the latest advancements of iOS, you get more bugs. In that’s sense, the iPhone is now similar to what Android always was. If you notice, the capabilities of both are closer to identical than ever before. 
I know lol. I got you 
It’s kind of sad. r/android has its fans, but jeez, they take criticism way better than this. 

It’s not like down-voting will change the facts.  
Mmhmmm
Couldn’t agree more!
Yes which is why I posted this. This is not a winning side experience so far with iOS 11. Apple HAS to do better.
They lack any kind of critical thinking. 

This post’s purpose is not about going back to anything. It’s about criticizing where criticism is due. Stop getting fucked in the ass and pretend that you’re being done a favor, JUST because Apple is the one fucking you. 

Needless to say, I’ve been an iPhone user since 2007 ever since it came out. Out of the 11 years as an iPhone user, I’ve had 2 Android phones that I used for less than 2 years.

Stop being stubborn and accept the issues Apple is having. 
lol, ohkay
It's true what they say about Apple users these days...

They weren't always like this.
You guys are too much...
Can someone explain what I’m looking at?
Let’s get it!
Let's make some magic!
Precisely 
I love reddit. This entire skit just played in my head with Em’s voice. 
Wow, reddit is a revolution. 
Sometimes I wish the girl is really a guy and agrees to meet and ends up FUCKING HIS ASS UP WITH A BASEBALL BAT!
It’s been years since I left, and I’m still in love with a cloud!
So you survived 3 am
I told you! What you mean?!
Guys guys, he’s only doing it because he wants to motivate him!

On the real though, Eminem has lost that intimidation factor :(

Remember when celebs were afraid to mumble his name so he doesn’t release 3 mixtapes dissing them?
To be fair, it’s 6050. 
That's you, drops of water and you're on top of the mountain of success. But one day you start sliding down the mountain and you think wait a minute; I'm a mountain top water drop. I don't belong in this valley, this river, this low dark ocean with all these drops of water. Then one day it gets hot and you slowly evaporate into air, way up, higher than any mountain top, all the way to the heavens. Then you understand that it was at your lowest that you were closest to God. Life's a journey that goes round and round and the end is closest to the beginning. So if it's change you need, relish the journey.
Lmao, give it up!
Of course I’m being down voted.

The people the States are so brainwashed by their media (both on Television and on the Internet), that they’ve lost all touch with history and reality of the world. It’s like going into a debate with Catholic middle schoolers. 
What does the conflict of Ukraine have to do with Crimea, specifically?
smh
And that’s exactly what they did. Who do you think lives there? Not a single bullet was fired. 
I love when people quote one sentence without quoting the rest of the context.

Mongols LOST lands that they TOOK in wars. Same way Rome lost its territories. Did you read what I said about how the land ended up in Ukraine to begin with? There was a puppet government in place in chaos lead by an alcoholic.

Your entire statement with zero knowledge of the territorial history is the only moronic thing, you moron. So fuck off.
Oh please! EU is being pushed into making stupid decisions by the U.S.  They end up shooting themselves in the leg later. 

Guys...I just want peace. 
Defnitely. A land that belonged to them to begin with.

Crimea was signed away to Ukraine by a drunk (literally) Yeltsin after the collapse of the Soviet Union. Putin got it back. And I say agian, if the United States HAD'T gotten involved in Ukraine to begin with, Russia wouldn't have used the opportunity to take land back. Sit tight and shut the fuck up and stop trying to run shit in that region. That's what the U.S. needs to realize. 
Yeah and he hardly even tried. 
Ha!
Honestly, this is what needs to happen for the U.S. to finally understand.

Stay off the Russian region! The U.S. wants to gain control of regions around Russia (like Ukraine) and set up missile systems right under Russia’s nose. This is Putin’s way of saying 2 can play that game. 

Russia tried this with Cuba and we almost went to war. Yet U.S. has hundreds of bases all across Europe aimed at Russia.

Putin has always asked the same question. What is it that you are trying to accomplish? You’re playing Cold War again but it’s useless. He mentions this in countless interviews if you search. They call Russia the aggressor when stuff like this leaks, but honestly, they are only answering to the aggressor. 
lool damn...
Black Beauty 
lool
Pretty dope 
Honestly, that is so terrible. Why are some human beings so unworthy of being on this planet?
The song Castle and then the altered version in Arose. 

It’s the last words of each song 
“I don’t know...”

“It’s Tuesday dawn, now I know...”
What a bunch of crap. 
True, but he reached the peak in that era.
I honestly believe it was a goodbye note to his kids. He may say it was the death of Slim Shady but, he figured she was going to die from all these drugs pretty soon so he left a goodbye note. 

Per Arose, it almost happened a couple years after that song. 
No. Difficult was not a track meant to be released. It’s a very personal song. It’s someone on the the inside circle that we don’t know from their personal life. 
No that’s not about Royce. Truth is no one knows who it’s about. 
Which songs leaked?
You guys gotta watch out with all these mum pictures around here...
It'll cost $100. Look at the trend? $60, $80....$100

I’m sure Nintendo, you know the ones who made the console to begin with, will figure it out lol
Wait for the N64 Mini. It should have all the games you’re looking for. 
For some reason this reminds me of Big Shaq.

"Llama toes. Ha look at your toes!"
We need domestic...that's what makes it Platinum.
They asked him to stop using the accents. He said he cunt!

So he had to scrap it.
I can't imagine Relapse never coming out...so I would Relapse 2 just as much.
"He's a big part of why we grew as fast as we did."

Truer words could not have been spoke Curtis.
I got so excited, I didn't read the word "fan".
Agreed. Well the ones I mention are the best part of the album.

But you know...it shows vulnerability. He's very honest about it.

I love him best when he's cocky.
No Castle, Arose, In Your Head, where he talks about how the music is messing up his life. 

All the serious songs have that vibe. 
That he’s not as good as he used to be and people shouldn’t expect a Rap God. That he’s vulnerable. 
Flobots?
Please...make it stop!
Nawwwww
Looks like people drew a line in the sand as well...
If you're talking about the lack of Dre...sure. But Recovery and MMLP2 are still solid when you compare.
I go through a huge mix of emotions when I listen to this. My chest gets tight. It's not only how these lyrics impacted Em, but the fact that an era is ending for ME that I'm holding on to very tightly and don't want to let go. So it hits me hard every time. I know things will never be the same.

Sigh
I like how you can read what the mouse pointer is trying to say.

"no no no no no!"
I truly believe they’re going to wish they never did this to begin with because it will end up costing them double. 
He probably married a non-citizen (permanent resident) because he would automatically become a citizen if he married another citizen. Even if he was illegal. But that’s not likely. Odds are he married a citizen. 

A) The story is false and being portrayed differ 

B) He did something to be deported (serious crime)
This is just stupid. 
The ironic part is that when you listen to the deep and meaningful lyrics of this album, like the one posted here...it has nothing to do with Trump. It was a bad move to get that political, but to separate fans? Honestly...I hope it wasn’t career suicide. Hopefully he’ll recover. 
Yup!
Yes...there were some interesting videos indeed. 
Oh the nostalgia!
So basically, it’s like a mix tape is what you’re saying. 
Yes!
No need to downvote. I agree. Part of him definitely sold out to the Liberal media. But it backfired because a large chunk of his fans actually punished him by simply not buying his album. There were republican soldiers who served in wars saying “Man your music got me through war, but now you told me to fuck off.” It was a very stupid stunt and it will only take a true apology to his fans to fix it. I know he’s never apologized for anything, but this is to the fans so it’s different. So many people looked up to him. 

You can have many political opinions, it’s not his first attack on a president. But no celebrity ever separated his or her own fans like that.
Ok ok ok, what is it with everyone using the same damn word over and over again. “All over the place”. Cut that shit out. Come up with some original criticism at least. 
What’s the first? o.O
Nobody gives a damn about syllilables or whatever...
I know, it’s all good!
But on a real note, that’s not nice. 
Go to YouTube and search Tyson straight jacket lol. It’s epic!
Honestly, just shut up. That’s all I can tell you. 
Come here and tell me that and I'll f*** you in the ass, you punk white boy. You faggot. You can't touch me, you're not man enough. I eat your asshole alive you bitch. F*** you you ho. Come say to my face and I f*** you for everybody. You bitch. Come on you bitch. You scared coward, you not man enough to f*** with me. You can't last two minutes in my world bitch. Look at you, you scared now you ho. Scared like a little white pussy. Scared of the real man. I'll f*** you till you love me faggot.
Then I guess it’s better if he just doesn’t release anything at all.

Perhaps the man has nothing else to say. He’s in a good place in his life where all the anger and rage has died down. The passion for rap is there, but that raw force lighting in a bottle energy isn’t there anymore.
At least he doesn’t have anymore problems with the snare. 
Never said he can’t deliver a knockout punch...but perhaps not in the first round mate. 
Well alright then. 
You’re type of human being that would expect Mike Tyson to go into the ring right now and knock the hottest fighter out in 1 round. And when he doesn’t, you’ll cry about it. 
How many great tracks does Encore have? There are great tracks in each album. How can EVERY fucking song be great in 1 album?
I’ve been listening since 1999. You guys have trouble letting go of the past. Listen to Kylo Ren. 
The album was different, it doesn’t make it bad. Sure he has better albums, it STILL doesn’t make this one bad. 
I don’t think you’re actually listening...you just want a catchy beat. Could the production have been better? Most definitely. But I’ve never seen this side of Em before. He shows vulnerability and is trying to talk to his fans about it. And all they do is cross their hands and do little reaction videos. 

Glad some fans actually heard what he had to say. He was right since the first single. People expect a God instead of a human being trying to show his true side. 
Hey it’s me, Versace 
Very much agreed. 
Is that Lana Del Rey?
Honestly, the original is better. He was that good.
Yes it’s some balloon hiding activity. But ew clothes too. More farming lol. 
I finished yesterday!

Did you get all the souvenirs and clothes?

Something tells me you were mining coins in Bowser's Kingdom lol
Thanks! It took forever, but I finally did it! Waiting for that February update now.
For someone who hasn't played...they wouldn't have a clue as to what this means.
It is EXTREMELY difficult to pull off an Eminem cover from beginning to end, live. 

I give major props to this guy. Excellent job!
Whoa.

-Neo
This is honestly one of the most impressive things I’ve seen on the Internet. 
Don’t we all my friend, don’t we all. 
People don't want him to be angry. People want him to be passionate about something. I love him the most when he's cocky, personally. Like on No Love and Forever. I love when he calls out anyone who would dare to step to him.

In this album he's basically saying that I'm not the best stop expecting things out of me. Well...his fans KNOW that he's the best and they want him to rip everyone's throat who would say otherwise...like he did in this latest remix.
It's not about a girl...he's talking to Hip Hop.
“Sorry babe, but I’m an ambitious girl.”
Shit!!! It worked!!!

I have officially beaten the game. Thank you!
That’s the best part. 
I think we can all agree that compared to all the other ones, LineWire was the best ever.

And of course you would download LikeWire Pro using LimeWire. 
Honestly, if 1000 years from now, where everything we know today is gone, and people ask, “What was the Internet about?” You would show this. 
If you watch the long video, a short lady asks him to reach for something, then he asks her to reach for something on the botton...which answers the shower thought of "why can't we ask short people to reach for stuff too?"
They came from Skyrim. 
That kid later grew up to be Brice Lee. 
Whoa...
I always get freaked out watching these. I always get the feeling that blood is going to gush out of the guy’s throat at any second now. 
Yeah...so I wonder why they put his name on the album? Weird right? Selling gimmick?
The way his voice echoes during that line is so dope!
Evil Twin is the classic Eminem track on that album. 
This is specifically for We Made You, not necessarily for Relapse. Even the music video has a subpar vibe. 
I absolutely loved MMLP 2. What a breath of fresh air that was. I feel like he tried the same concept with Revival and crossed the line a bit with the rock b roll style beats all over the album. 
It say executive producers Dr Dre and Rick Rubin. 
Little promotion? I think there’s been plenty of promotion. 
Ding ding!
Those who know it...know it. 
https://youtu.be/6fOYxeW-eGs
The entire Despicable freestyle. It’s just pure metaphoric fire.
M pretty sure you can get sued for this, unless you didn’t “try” to sneak a photo in and it was clearly visible. 
Shatapppp 
Lesson learned not to rush? GTA and Red Dead take really long too. 
Yeah same can be said about GTA. There aren’t any game breaking bugs. Perhaps it’s due to the fact that you can interact with way too many things in ES? Even spoons lol. But that’s what makes the game immersive. 
I know what you mean. I remember Todd kept emphasizing the custom building features, “it just works”, which was fine, because you always assume that the story is GOING to be great. That’s a given. I was disappointed for the first time at the lack of immersion.

It started off great with the intro up until the point where you escaped the bunker. Then it was just a bunch of nothing with weak quests and no feeling of adventure whatsoever. Comparing that to Skyrim it was a world of difference. I remember my sense of excitement with each quest as I learned more and more about the dragons. 
But if you ask a Bosmer...everyone else is the burden.  
Unfortunately, with such huge sandbox games, I think bugs are a given. Although, FO4 did much better than Skyrim. Skyrim was a complete disaster on consoles when it was released. Took like 6 months of patching to make it playable. 
Ok I’m not saying they never had misses, but given that their main games are FO and ES, neither one has ever...generally speaking...been considered a flop. Even if some people are disappointed with some of the elements.

I really enjoy the smaller projects too. Wolfe stein and Dishonored. I LOVE everything about Dishonored. Such a mysterious concept. 
Alright alright, you guys win. 
Don’t break my heart with such comments. 
Yeah there is no way any ES fan would hold back lol

To be fair they don’t really disappoint to a level where it’s “not worth getting the game”.
Now I know who Boss Baby was based on. 
Don’t you wanna grow up to be just like me!
Twice the pride, double the fall. 
Amazing what that milk can do. 
Amazing what that milk can do. 
We got something a bit more typical.  Good versus bad. Unless we see another plot twist in episode IX. But seeing them actually join forces would have been an interesting surprise. She is the balance he needs. He is currently going on a self destructive path without her. She might too without him. Basically they need to be together. 
I wish she held his hand. 
Forget the battle! What is the story behind this photo?
lol
This makes sense! Thank you
He looks like Tobey in Spider Man 3 at the end there...
ELI5: Why don’t we see millions of stars around the same way we do when we look up from Earth? I feel like none of the NASA images ever have surrounding stars, which makes them look kind of fake. 
All the myths and stories about school districts. It’s true. All of it. 
The question now is...is it the Trump supporters that have all the upvotes without reading until the end, or others who did read until the end?
I’m laying in bed next to my wife and my 7 month old baby in the middle of us, and they are both asleep as I’m shaking in bed giggling holding my breath trying to control my urge to burst out in laughter.
Thank you kid sir! Wasn’t sure what the fuss is all about. Just enjoy the film for crying out loud. Or hate it, that’s fine too. But all this talk is unnecessary. 
He literally just laid all the facts.
I’m not too aware of what’s happening. I just watched the film and enjoyed it for what it was. Am someone explain what this conspiracy is all about?
Yet what he said is true. 
Thanks for the explanation mate!
Thanks!
Oh I see...I guess my question it...was that supposed to be in the notes?
Can someone explain why Apple admitted to this to begin with?

Was it a mistake or a leak?
Are your enemies usually crabs lurking around the shores?
Smell my finger
Marshall Mathers never picked up a pen
Yup. I feel like there were so many great tracks on The Eminem Show during that time that certain tracks were overlooked. Lose Yourself overshadowed most tracks on the Soundtrack. Eminem was at his absolute prime during time. Anything he did was fire. 

The rest of the songs were also great. 

IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII’m only entertaining you live...
Did she ever do espionage with Austin Powers?
Do you guys think it'll go Platinum in the U.S.?

I really hope so.
Is that Gooding Jr?
Yes, until you realize the Thalmor stole them. Thus the quest. 
This is so freaking awesome!

Now you must go on a long and possibly dangerous quest to find the other volumes. 
Nope. Skyrim. 
Where have I seen this before?

Oh yeah, Skyrim. 
The guy who took my order in LA was so high he had to repeat what I said 7 times before he got it right. 
There are some questions that need answers first. 

How much is the house appraised at?

Is it paid off? If not, how much is due?
He doesn’t say asshole. He says “I guess.”

He couldn’t have grasped what Em did that quickly. 
Non the onion?
What a beautiful career. I’m grateful to be alive during his prime. 
This post is linked to lyrics people. I’ll leave you a clue. 

(  .  )   (  .  )
Nope...went over their heads. 
Plot Twist: He died.
Plot Twist: Someone outdoes her.
Wow...this is exactly what I mean. 
Is it safe to say Marlon Brando was what Bobby Fischer was to chess? The greatest to do what he did put on this planet, but just didn’t care?
The question I wonder is, are Rey and Ben in love? I totally understated the connection they have with the Force, but is it something more? Maybe it’s a different kind of love like with family?
I work in an industry where we cut millions of dollars worth of checks every day. We stop and reissue checks almost on a daily basis. Not sure why they weren’t simply doing that. 
That's you, drops of water, and you're on top of the mountain of success. But one day you start sliding down the mountain and you think, wait a minute; I'm a mountain top water drop. I don't belong in this valley, this river, this low dark ocean with all these drops of water. Then one day it gets hot and you slowly evaporate into air, way up, higher than any mountain top, all the way to the heavens. Then you understand that it was at your lowest that you were closest to God. Life's a journey that goes round and round and the end is closest to the beginning. So if it's change you need, relish the journey.

Everything is going to be ok. 
Instructions weren’t clear. 
That would be quite the scene!

But the real solution here won’t be due to the special appearances. In about a week or two all the visitors would stop but this kid would have to continue living. It might make certain bullies more aggressive. 

So the real solution will be due to the fact of how much uproar it caused! That school is pretty much known all across America now for not being able to protect this kid, and others like him. Hollywood is talking about it for crying out loud! That means that they are going to make an example out of these bullies. It basically means they are going to rip a new asshole out of someone or a certain few. That will also trigger very tough zero tolerance on bullying all across the country. Not just the words “zero tolerance” but actual zero tolerance. 

Think of it like the Weinstein scandal. It takes 1 big case to set a trend. I bet every director/writer/producer/casting agent out there is scared shitless to say or do the wrong thing to someone now. Where as before they had a green light to act any way they pleased. It’s the same now with this. It takes 1 case for everyone else to get their shit straight.
From Chris Evans and Mark Ruffalo to Snoop Dogg and Justin Beiber, to Dana White. He's getting Instagram requests to do DM chats and invitations to movie premiers and hang outs in Vegas at UFC events.

Sometimes the interent is so beautiful. I just want to hug every single celebrity who is using his or her platform to do something about this!

I hope this kid ends up becoming very famous and becomes a mentor and a voice for those who get bullied. I love you Keaton. You are a beautiful human being in every way who is destined for greatness!
Growing up, I was never able to understand how the same species of mammals can be so different from one another. I still don’t understand. There was always someone me, and others who bully. Not just poke fun at something they see, but consistently bully, every single day. I never in my life even contemplated the thought of it. I was never bullied, but the idea of making fun of some other kid made my stomach turn ever since I could remember myself. Let alone beat someone up. I think these bullies have mental issues. How can they get joy out of such things? Mental issues were my only answer to the question of how we can be so different.

I’m 30 now, and I remember in school there were always kids that you wouldn’t want to mess with. It wasn’t so much that you were “afraid” of them, but it was trouble to bump heads. These kids always got into trouble...but they were in their own world. Sort of like organized crime, they did it to each other. Even these kids wouldn’t walk around randomly maintaining fun of kids who looked different. It was almost beneath them to do such things. They had respect. In fact if some kid randomly teased a weaker kid for no apparent reason, these “respected” kids would have a conversation with them and tell them to fuck off. Has something changed? Or was this growing in LA that was different?

But this bullying business is just fucking stupid! I think these kids who bully just need to be beat the fuck out of a few times! 
It's me.
Legit question: What do the bananas signify?
I legit scanned for the eye of Sauron.  
The "we were not so relevant anymore, but now we are" issue of Time.
Don’t get intimidated by the type writer they have their if you get the job. It was created by men, but made simple enough for a woman to understand. 
I’m curious to know who produced them. 
No
It would be interesting to hear him speak to his family during everyday conversations. 
Dammit monster!
Did the fantasy involve only him, or the many other versions of him like an orgy?
Smith reminds me of an evil Mr. Rogers in The Matrix. He has this OCD way of doing things perfectly from the way he speaks to the way he opens a document during the interrogation scene. 
A game where the entire planet is rendered into it in real time. When something changes, or a building or street changes, it updates. Imagine Google Street View as a game made into an open world RPG.

You start in your own neighborhood/house and can travel anywhere. 
Shatapp
You can see where Nintendo gets its inspiration from. 
thought, though
*sigh*
Libs can try and try again. You can’t got rid of Trump, keep trying all you want. 
That's why we call it Revival.

But hey, quality over quantity any day!
Goes to show you how serious it is. 
You really need a Zelda shield and Master Sword.
I hope you didn't really search for that :)
Thank you everybody! See you in 3 weeks. 
Confirm in writing via chat that they received it at least. That’s what I did. 
But why not give an option in settings to do what you please for users who aren’t average?
I simply don’t understand how the people behind this aren’t in jail?

If they get their way, I think it would signify the beginning of the end of the United States. It will simply prove that something people are CLEARLY against, is just being ignored and passes anyway. It will mean that there is no meaning behind congress, and any form of public representation. 

This could spark something bigger than we think.

I hope I’m wrong. 
Can someone please ELI5 if you know the answer to this question?

Why doesn’t iOS allow you to do 1 simple task? Sort your apps any way you want on your home screen like Android instead of following an order. 

Is it because it will become messy and Apple doesn’t want people doing that? Is there some other reason?
I love how real life doesn’t work like in movies sometimes. 
This either has to be in Canada, or some phenomenon took place where everyone thinks they are in the 50’s. 
Then when she finally does.

“Why didn’t you tell me you learned that?”

“Because I’m a bad person.”
Dogs remind me of small children. They’re truly innocent. 
EA Airlines: Please pay 59.99 for a smooth landing package. 
This is truly amazing! In this age, I hardly get impressed by seeing something on the Internet, but this blew my mind!
Such passion will hardly change. The boy is meant to fly. 
I know this comment is meant for humor, but I legitimately believe this kid could land the plane. 
Yo...this is is tripping me out right now. 
Damn monstah!
Oh man. That’s a lot. 
...I think you're having limited ability to grasp what I said. If I've used multiple devices, didn't like it, how does that make it limited? Am I supposed to force myself to keep trying things I don't like?

I did...I just didn't like the others. Not sure what's so hard to understand?
I’ve tried a couple of Samsung products for a short period of time, but I just loved the pure Android experience. So I preferred Nexus/Pixel. 
Is Saltbae actually good at what he does, or is just for show?
Overpriced? Hardly. Awful? You just sound awfully bitter at this point (get it?). If a Pixel 2 XL costs $850 with all its limitations (no wireless charging, not highest standard waterproofing) and an iPhone X costs $999, it's hardly "overpriced".
A Google Pixel 2. 
I switched from an Android. Plus anyone can be here...jeez and y’all call iPhone users sheep?
Because I’ve had an Android for years waiting for a damn iMessage concept to which Android just couldn’t provide. 
I just got an iPhone X. I’m so glad I don’t have to worry about this stuff anymore. 
That was hilarious!
Is her game really marketed for “kids” though?
I feel it may get better for us with software updates. 
God damn, direct hit to the feels.
The list of side effects is the track list. 

Walk on Water could be the album title itself?
Why not? Totally 2 different genres and artists. 
There are so many more Android users now than before. That market share is hurting them badly! I think their team was made up of Steve Jobs wanna be minded people obsessed with iOS only. They treated Android as the unwanted pet, and now they're paying for it. 
Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii only entertain you...
Relapse 2 track
I can hear the music intro when they mention his name in the movie. 

"Everybody in the German army heard of Hugo Sriglitz!"
Yes! Exactly. I had a totally different picture in my head for all those songs, and I liked my visuals in my head better. 
Nope. I wouldn't want a video to potentially ruin what I imagine in my head with that last verse. I get goosebump every time and I wouldn't some dumbass director to ever visually take that away. Like when a movie ruins a good book. 

I think there's a reason he didn't do it. It's too emotional to capture. 
Sooo... which one is better to buy?
Ah yes, that's it. 
Remind me why it was legendary?
Once in a while Mr. Rogers makes me question everything I'm doing with my life. 
If you look at a Big Mac, Google is doing it right.
So there will be a single before that.
Oh man...what if Revival is Relapse 2?
Wait, what are we supposed to do again? Watch the video right?
This is a trick, isn't it?
Honestly the more I watch it, the more it seems like this guy wanted to get fired. I'm sorry but, how stupid could you be? The memories of the tester who forgot an iPhone 4 in a bar and had federal officers search his house with a warrant should have been reason enough not to do something as stupid as this. If Jobs was alive, he would have done more than just fired him. He might have sued him too for everything he's got, and won.

This is the big leagues buddy, get with the program!

My humanist side says, though, it's just a phone for the love of God!
Don't they pay insane amounts of money to private contractors from all around the world to build stuff in Dubai?
We need an AMA with that girl.
Lion here. I can confirm this is not a roar and a call for mom. 
Right when you ready the last sentence of that post, "I can't do this all on my own, no I'm not Superman"
It's almost not even a comedy with the amount of feels they hit you with. 
Banana for...
This is like an episode of Scrubs. There's always that 1 sad episode :/

Damn...
I mean something is clearly wrong. He either doesn't think it's perfect enough, or doesn't like what he made so far. 

The good news is that he's been very active recently. Which means he wants to be seen...that can only mean an announcement. 
Fuck you lookin' at, hater?*
I also started listening to him when I was 12, but it started with "Hi, My Name Is...". I'm 30 now. 

I've been where you've been, and I was a little older than you at the time. Luckily I never actually fell into addiction, well, only cigarettes, but I was in a very very dark place in my life.

It took some time to get out of it, and it wasn't easy. It never is.

Ironically, it all started with Relapse. Nothing was going right for me. Then after 5 years of silence and no solo album, Relapse was announced. When it came out, I was addicted to it. I ate every line and totally got lost in the darkness.

As big of a Stan I was, I realized this isn't healthy. I need to stop feeding into the anger and darkness. And it was going to be hard because Relapse 2 was around the corner. 

Then out of nowhere, he announced that he is trashing Relapse 2 and is instead releasing a brand new album, Recovery. 

That was exactly what I needed in my life at that time. It completely changed my life around. I don't know how the timing was so perfect. For him to not just release an album, but change the theme from Relapse to Recovery. Every track in that album is special to me. 

That's why some of us aren't just "fans" of a rapper. It's personal. 

I get it. 

I know you're going to come out of the mental situation you're in. 10 years from now you'll look back and say, "damn..."

In the meantime all I can suggest from my own experience is...go back. Go back to the very beginning and start fresh with baby steps. Prioritize everything in your life. Set the simplest goal, and achieve it. Then move to the next goal. Things have a way of naturally falling into place. 

The music will help too :)

I won't wish you luck, because you won't need it. You'll get through it all!
That's impossible.

I'm not saying that to be funny. There's no way a battery can live that long even if idle. Maybe someone else has been using it?
Dare me to drive?
Could you have picked a worse song? That sound like sound without focus, which makes it just noise. 
Never thought Monday and Tuesday would be my favorite days out of the week.
I'm very sorry for your loss. Thank you for sharing. Your brother seems like he was a great guy. 

It's crazy how much Em's music has influenced people and left a mark in their lives. His music is very personal to me as well. Glad you guys had that bond that you can always go back to.  No one can ever take that away. 
19th*
Looks surreal
I say this in the most sincerest way.

I don't know who this lady is.
"Fuck NO!"
All tree* of y'all 
Because everyone is talking about him. What better time than now?
Fact that he mentiones Vegas means he wrote this very, very recently. 
Fuck them or not, it's outside of what us fans want...which is music. Not a whole rant. 
That's fine, but I'm not a celebrity. 
Too late. He killed his father. There's no coming back from that.
I would vote for this man in a heart beat.
Either they don't care, or we give too little credit to the actual genius behind the technology of iMessage, and it isn't that easy. 
See that's my other problem with this. I fully 100% agree that it's very difficult to force carriers to adapt to new technology (RCS), but why not just create an Android to Android messaging app, that ALSO does SMS? Oh wait...they have Hangouts, but they got rid of SMS. There is Allo, but it doesn't support SMS. I don't know what Google is thinking. 
Yeah man I feel you. 
So you basically can never break up with her. 
Exactly.
iOS 11 is running smoothly on my iPhone 6. Can you [Android users] say the same?
Honestly....no.
Anyone know how much it will cost to open a business account?
You can be a Android fan for all the obvious reasons we all love. But hardcore fan? I don't see how that's possible with Android. That's why people are hard core Apple fans. They really deliver in that department.
Are...are people dead somewhere?
Yeah I can imagine.
I use What's App all the time. Wish people around me would also. To be fair, literally everyone around me has an iPhone. So they use iMessage. Which is why they don't care to download What's App just for me. 
lool
Tell me about it. But it's the corporations that are to blame. Not the public. 
I get you. But I'm on T-Mobile and can't use it. That just sucks. 1 carrier simply isn't enough in this day in age. 
Yes but, everyone else around you has to have Sprint too for you to fully enjoy it. 
Alright folks. Everyone go back to your homes. Nothing to see here. As you were. Thank you...
He does also call the people waiting fucking retards...so don't hold your breath.
With all due respect, you fucked up.
Yes.
Well...good to know that there is an album! And it's done!

I will rest easy now and patiently wait as long as I have to.
Infinite - Still Infinite...oh never mind already. Jesus you people are so difficult. It's like feeding a toddler 
Big business is such a confusing thing.
Because if the beginning is Infinite, surely the name Still Infinite would be the end. It's just a feeling I have man, don't know what else to tell you. It's a reddit post lol
It's just an example of a title that guarantees it's his last album. Infinite - Still Infinite. Can't continue after that...but it's just an example.
Was he playing Rap God?
He says lots of things lol
Actually this is even bigger than that. 
I'm sorry. 
Hey, trust me I hope you're right. 
Production is a given...but I feel like he'll always want to express himself through songs. 
How high were you when you wrote this?
Like the whole scene of a fan approaching him telling him he didn't know he had crows feet lol. Bet that really happened. 

Imagine being that guy and listening to the song afterwards lmao
I've use both because I get bored with the same OS. Currently I'm using a Pixel XL. If you go from Apple to Android, you need the pure Google experience. 

I'm here to tell you, you will go back the iPhone...eventually. I'm switching back with the iPhone X. Will I get another Android a few years later? Sure. But I know going back to an iPhone is inevitable.
Shake That only...
That shit is so surreal imagining him sitting in front of you like that. 
Yes but just him, and because Porter is very involved with music, just like Royce.
Please let's not talk about his death...ever. Thank you. 
Don't you ever wonder if most things he talks about in that song are actually true?
Isn't it funny knowing he probably does exactly that, and then raps about it lol
I definitely see your point. Can't argue with that.
Sometimes I like to think that these intrusive thoughts (in certain scenarios) are a way of preparing for a distress situation. What would you do if people came in...etc.

Every time I enter a new room anywhere, it be a movie theatre, classroom, mall, etc...I look for exits and paths of escape in case something happens. It's like a little safety exercise. A mental drill. Would I act on it? I'd like to think so, but planning is easier than actually acting upon what you planned to do. 
But they already own WhatsApp...
Well in the terms of "doing drugs", we are already implying something far more dangerous than Advil. "Drugs" overall go in the category of dangerous. Since I can't think of any deaths caused by weed, I simply don't put it in that category.

In the same sense, we don't consider alcohol to be a "drug", but it's far more dangrous and addictive than weed ever can be.
If you do "drugs", you are putting yourself in danger of having a "drug overdose".
Refer to my quetsion above.
When is the last time someone died of "weed overdose"?
Smoking weed isn't considered doing drugs people. 

You know...just when you think people are out of puns...
Yes, and it's definitely cooler!
Yes sir.
These are all confirmed. The album art for #4 is pretty cool. He's with a wife beater sitting at a desk looking at the camera with his hand on his forehead. 
Same here
I know. All I'm saying is that it makes things worse on the person if he or she happened to call you. 
I hope you're never in a situation like that where your adrenaline is in top of the roof and you're shaking. Let alone text. 
Actually...no. Imagine yourself in an emergency situation. There is nothing more frustrating than the person you really need to get in touch with at that moment not picking up. The panic alone makes people hang up as soon as the voicemail comes on and call someone else. It's worth being annoyed and just hanging up instead of missing 1 emergency call. Change the habit. We decided with my family to answer all calls regardless of the number. I will exclude 1-800 numbers. 
Ahhh
Lose Yourself because the most famous, but his personal best single...TRSS no doubt. There was a Slim Shady in all of us after that track lol. 
Explain please...
Sadly...I don't think so, no. I love that track! The flow is so careless but genius at the same time. 
Who is the girl? Is she a journalist or something?
I love how the rest just keep on dancing. 
And here I am fucking up trying to tie my shoes. 
The girls says Doctor Bruce...not sure what that's supposed to mean.
Who is your provider? 
Talk about first world problems lol.

May I ask what city live in?
Goteeeeeeem
Alright alright...I'm ok now.
I'm tired of repeating this lol

Detox. FEELING...feeling, not actuality. 
"AHH! Yo run that back..."
I get that...all I'm saying is I get the "feeling". Not a 1 to 1 comparison. 
I mean that's not fair either. I consider the MMLP2 a classic, but the critics won't simply because he's not the hottest thing anymore. It's all about Kendrick and them. 
I'm just saying there's a fine line between anticipation and just losing hope. 
I said Detox feeling...not Detox exactly. Detox was even worse because actual singles came out. 
Dear God. The man was born to be a fighter.
Immortal Technique?
119? That's it?

Hold my beer.
Yo! His setup looks so complicated in the back. I'd be nervous as fuck handling his DJing. 
Yeah I guess it's just the vibe I got from this clip. I'm glad to hear that!
Come to think about it, his name was...it ws him.

Whoa
It's crazy to see that he still gets nervous (that's why he messed up)

And the way says AHH is the same exact way he says it in the Parking Lot skit in MMLP2
I can't quite out my finger on it, but something is different. 

He seems...older :/

And the energy of the crowd isn't the same. I remember seeing him at the Monster Tour and man...crowd was INSANE from the moment he touched the mic to the moment he said goodnight. 
Good to know! I get unsuually inpatient about such things.
Oh really? So some people already got it?
So when is the release date for those of us who have Pixels?
That Abraham Lincoln line...
You're lucky there is a radio. 
I'd love to see one of these for "cunt"
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blond
If you connect to the original laptop you backed up info on before, it should sync. If it's a new laptop then it erases what's on the phone and sets up as a new iPhone. 

Did you by any chance back up your photos and vids to iCloud? If so then you don't even need to worry about the phone.  
It would be really impressive if it actually nodded to you and left. Sometimes Bethesda surprises you with Minor details like that. 
Aboslutely. The suddle tiny sound effects even make a difference. It's absolutely crazy.
Does everyone else gain a whole new appreciation of beats after listening to the instrumental?
Nice camera work. 
Jonarys is born!
Me
I rap knowing I'm wack

I know damn it! I know lol
How dare you talk to me like that?
Source?
"You done called every woman a slut but you're forgetting Selena, Marshall (Gomez)"

Oh, my bad, slut!
Whoa...
Invest in a great graphic card and play games while you're high. You won't regret it. 
He said that he felt his verse was better so he it took him weeks to come up with a proper verse to compete. Look it up. 
To each their own then.
That's because Em said that...doesn't mean it's true. 
Welcome! You had a very similar experience starting the game to mine. I was so annoyed in those sewers. In fact, I assumed the entire game was going to be in a dungeon like environment. Had no clue the game was "open world". I was close to turning the game off when I noticed sunshine outside the sewer gate...the rest was history.

I planned on doing the main mission which I didn't even know was a "main mission". Had no idea I could do other missions. My mind was thinking linear style. So when I saw the ruin on the island outside of the prison, I went in it thinking "well, this is probably where I have to go, since it's there." The place had nothing to do with the main mission lmao

Anywho...I say go about the whole map and enjoy! You'll stumble into dozens of side missions and help random strangers. 
What? Eminem's verse is dope in Remember Me!
TIL
Witcher III

Personally I'm an Elder Scrolls fan, though.
Thanks!
That scroll until I reach the bottom gives me anxiety. 
This guy thinks Em is bitter? Someone hasn't seen The Interview.

He was young and full of anger and pride and pretty much always on drugs. He matured quite a bit. 

The last verse of Bad Guy is Eminem pretty much saying exactly what this guy wrote about himself. 
Listed on there. Seems like a cool site. Thanks!
Yeah but...I don't have an eBay seller account. Not worth it for 1 item. 
I'm not black I'm OJ.
What's been seen, can never be unseen.
I'm not following. Recovery was produced under Shady Aftermath Interscope
He will NEVER turn from Dre. Ever. It's not about the money.
Mom's spaghetti*
A girl is no one. 
Spectrum vs Spectrum
I never realized most industries in the United States have a 50% chance of being tunred into a Monopoly.
Apple vs Samsung
I belive Steve Jobs called it "Thermonuclear Warfare".
Fans played out that title already. He'd never use it.
I think you have the right approach here. I can also see him blurting out phrases using his "other" voice in some tracks. Similar to:

"Hey it's me, Versace, whoops sombody shot me"

"Hey Mrs. Abraham Lincoln! Other than your husband's fucking brains that were leaking, how'd you think that play was this weekend?"

Of course the theme would be related to that of the Presidency or the Oval Office.
This comment represents this subreddit as a whole.

Thank you.
Cleary these are from Wonderland 
You can see the feeling of grief on his face.
Hi Alyssa,

I saw you that one time. Did you see me?
I'm wondering the same
If come end of August and nothing, the Detox feeling will officially begin. 
Thank you so much for all the help everyone!

Looks like the winner is Lenovo
Thank you for all the help everyone!
Hah...I'll take a look at this one, thanks!
Thank you!
The irony in this statement is so high...lol
This seems to be the best advice from everyone I've been asking. Thank you!
Thank you! I keep hearing about SSD, so I'll definitely make sure that's covered. 
Flagship. Every year.
Ok Lenovo just became a strong contender. We actually use them a lot at work. Thanks!
Lenovos are great! Unfortunately they are a bit over my budget. I don't have a corporate code. 
I mean, it would be nice, but I'd sacrifice portability for great specs. Thank you for the link! Definitely an option. 
Wow that's a great price for those specs! 

I'm just going to ask...what's the catch? I'll admit, it's a brand I've never heard of. 
Instructions

The laptop suggestions form!

Please copy-paste this into your post and fill it out; while it may take a bit of time, it will guide you through providing all of the information that is necessary for you to get good suggestions.

Avoid removing the line-breaks, as they are necessary for reddit to display the form properly. Also please avoid modifying the form too much, as AutoModerator uses its expected format to determine if your post includes the form.

MAKE SURE YOU PUT BUDGET RANGE & COUNTRY IN YOUR TITLE

The Form

LAPTOP QUESTIONNAIRE

* **Total budget and country of purchase:** $1,200 U.S. * **Do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor, good battery life or best specifications for the money? Pick or include any that apply.** No 2 in 1, best specifications* **How important is weight and thinness to you?** Easy mobility is definitely important * **Which OS do you require? Windows, Mac, Chrome OS, Linux.** Windows * **Do you have a preferred screen size? If indifferent, put N/A.** Preferably from 13.3 to 14 inches * **Are you doing any CAD/video editing/photo editing/gaming? List which programs/games you desire to run.** No * **If you're gaming, do you have certain games you want to play? At what settings and FPS do you want?** No gaming done * **Any specific requirements such as good keyboard, reliable build quality, touch-screen, finger-print reader, optical drive or good input devices (keyboard/touchpad)?** Keyboard and trackpad are very important since it's being used for long hours. Less frustration with trackpad the better * **Leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion.** Speed is most important
Well then...thank you. Had no clue that existed. 
Yes you're, that does help quite a bit.
Meanwhile, in a parallel universe.
So those of you that got it, is the Play Store available?
Plot Twist: They do.
What's wrong with you?
This comment is one of the most hilarious ones I've seen on Reddit. If only others see it. 
If you saw this in a movie you would roll your eyes at the level of impossiblity. 
Good catch.
It's weird because at first glance, part of his outfit blends in with the wall in the back, and it makes his body look really skinny compared to the size of his head.
Being a conservative I would never take that class. But I don't blame you for assuming. It's cute. 
We can agree to disagree, but fuck communists. Let's at least both agree on that, hm?
You really don't think there are women today being subservient their husbands? In fact, domestic violence is much more severe these days than it was ever before due to alcohol, drug abuse and deprsssion.

At the same time, it doesn't mean men back then all trated their wives and subservients. That's a pretty ignorant thing to say. You could be talking about your own dad or members of your family.

Society had better morals. That doesn't only mean "sex". Don't be so obtuse. 
And how do you think the same people in their 50's and 60's feel now having to not only deal with the issues you describe, but also being attacked with racial slurs and hateful comments?
Childern always have the benefit of being purely innocent. Glad you weren't filled with hate growing up.
...okay
It means people were a lot less carelessly promiscuous.
No...not that kind of grumpy. I mean the ones that are not accepting of other races and cultures and are extremely mean to them. Don't imagine 85 year old people. Even someone in ther late 50's or early 60's. You can feel the racial tension....anywho
This is true. People always look at the 50's and 60's and assume people were more transparent and kind hearted. Yes people might have been more polite, had better morals, but only to each other as the same color of race. The moment you introduced change, all the hatred and anger poured out of them.

This is why there are so many grumpy old men. They feel hatred, but can't express it.
Ouch...
Suddenly I want an iPod more than ever. Is this some new evil marketing strategy?!
I can understand that phone capacity is becoming larger and larger and of course the iPhone is an iPod in itself, but here's my issue.

My iPod Nano is hooked up to my car via cable. I never remove it, not am I planning on removing it. It's filled with every song I want and doesn't rely on Internet connectivity to play. I don't understand the concept behind "discontinuing". Just put some crazy amount of storage on it, like 512 GB, and sell it to those who need it. 
You're insane

You're capable of dealing anything

You have issues 
The fact that if you were to switch to iOS, you no longer have Google Play Music and thus don't have YouTube Red.
Then loop it all over again!

...except maybe the poor part. Doubt he'll ever be poor again.
I just remembered that Game Informer posts it every year (I just can't find it on their site). So it's definitely a gaming channel. Just that when they do these specific Best of the Year videos, they cover other subjects.
You are so missing the point. It's how he puts the words together tons exactly what happened. I honestly don't know how to explain it to you. Sorry. 
Survivors: The Quest perhaps?

https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/survivors-the-quest/9nblggh58qd4#
Ok...exactly, and he happens to rhyme. Read my comment again. And there is a shit load of cleverness in there. Don't know how you missed that. That MTV Cribs line is crazy. 
http://www.arnette.com/us/optical-collection/an7036/1097

I believe it's arnette
Broken Sword: The Sleeping Dragon?
This is him not even trying. Just made it over a weekend. What does that tell you? Don't fuck with the white boy. 
I couldn't express myself as good as this trying to insult someone if I didn't have to rhyme. 
Yeah if I can handle Skyrim fully modded...it should do great with Morrowind.

Thanks!
I just might give this a try...but it sounds like I need to invest a lot of time.
Interesting...Do you have skill trainings? Similar to smithing in Skyrim? Do weapons wear out?
Can you give a few reason as to why? I've started with Oblivion.
I don't know why everyone just simply refuses to accept the fact that he's taking longer than usual? Quit trying to compare previous announcements. He's lagging. It's ok. 


[Serious] What is the best game they ever made in the series?
To be fair, he wasn't signed yet. So you're right. 
Agreed. Not just as an artist and the Eminem we know, but just as a human being. He's been though so much and I'm so happy he came out on top of it all. 
When his music touched you on a personal level, it's very hard to explain that to others. People just say "ok it's sad but he's just another celebrity and you don't know him."

I'd personally go through the grieving process on my own without showing much emotion. I'd for sure get a text from literally everyone I ever met in my life, thought. Anyone who even met me for a day, knew I'm a huge Eminem fan (Stan). Constantly telling people I'm ok would get annoying real quick. I'd rather just not think about this...
I think he actually doesn't know what he's selling. 
He could be working on anyone's album...
No he didn't! He teased on August 22, 2013 via Instagram. It came out later year. 
NOW are you getting that Detox feeling?
I'm sorry but even when it's good, it's not better.

But it good...if that helps.
Confirmed. Thanks!
Not the same car. Stereos are different. 
Ironically they also eat...bunnies. 
I hope everyone knows a little about the history of the alcohol prohibition in the United States.

Cigarettes will be sold the same way anything illegal is sold. The mobs will steal them in trucks, and sell them for much, much cheaper. Cheaper than when you remember them being cheap.
Remember, no Android phone will ever have true smooth pinch to zoom because that belongs to Apple and in the words of Steve Jobs "boy did we patent it".
Kind of disappointing he didn't get hit by a car right after. 
I bet that car driving down the road was going to hit him as soon as he got up. 
Fuck'em
There is no such thing. They're all multi Platinum selling albums. What hate are you referring to? In fact his latest one did better than Relapse. 
Stan
But that's what I'm saying. If SMS *doesn't* exist, on any network, they wouldn't have a choice. Of course, you wouldn't want to piss off a multi billion dollar corporation (the biggest corporation in the world). Next thing you know they'll build their own network and fuck everyone lol
But I don't think it's up to "iPhone" per say. It's the network it's on. If you have an iPhone on T-Mobile, and T-Mobile has adopted to RCS, every time you send a text, it'll go through with RCS. 

iPhone wouldn't have a choice here. It's like saying, iPhone refuses to use SMS. SMS is a technology used to send messages. It is now 2018 and it's obsolete on all carriers, replaced by RCS. What's iPhone gonna do? Not agree to send messages other than using iMessage? 

No.  
Alright calm down. Don't wet yourself. 
Don't tease me bitch!
This all could have ended with mom's spaghetti instead of writing all that back and forth. 
Been there done that. Ah fuck it. Shoot em both Grady. 
He really thought about what he was going to say next. Which makes that much more impactful and true. 
Well then...
Everyone in my circle (literally everyone. I know, it's weird) has an iPhone. 
Well it is to me when literally everyone around me is using an iPhone. 
Believe me, I've tried. 
Sounds like a pretty sorry excuse for a technology company, wouldn't you say?
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/013/889/images.jpeg
I love Android. I love it with each release more and more. 

I've used an iPhone for years, and this is my 3rd Android phone (Pixel XL) and it's my favorite so far.

But I'm going to be 100% honest here. I am going to switch back to the iPhone this Fall, all because of iMessage. It is SO disappointing that for all these years a multi billion dollar corporation like Google can't come up with an iMessage competitor! It sounds silly, to switch due to that, but let's face it, it's a pretty big deal being able to share content beyond the 1mb size capacity. 


Nice!
Yes! This is it. 
Sprinkle Pico de Gallo on Cinco de Mayo!
This is the best commercial I've seen in my life.
You know this has to be done on purpose.
Thanks a lot. It's been over an hour since I read this comment. I'm still playing.
When he said "Even the bitches I rape cum!" I sat there with my eyes wide for like 10 seconds...like whoa
Monkey See Monkey Do
What is he actually saying?
Damn dude. Can't people just let it be? The guy was complimenting his friend. It doesn't have to be taken literal.
*tooo roooo rooo rooo tooo rooo roooo 
Yes exactly.
Same here. I close my eyes and literally live through the words.

Chilling every time.
Yes I know. I hope you're right...let's wait and find out!

It's atually interesting...all this talk about Tupac being a legend, etc. Everyone drops his name in their songs and remembers him. But people forget that he was in a very dark, andry and neagative place before he died, and that sucks. It's like people choose to ignore the mental state he was in in '96. Had he survived? I'm sure he would have evolved by simply growing up. I'm glad Em did for the most part.
Couldn't take the risk, lol
Agreed, but there is always a little Slim Shady in every Eminem album. 
He always sold more than 50 after 2002, and 50 started producing gold albums. Who really fell off?
So...what do you think of Bad Buy?
Hahaha
Wasn't that Valenwood? Then what's in Valenwood?
Very talented artist. Too bad he hasn't made it big yet. I would love to see artists like this in the spotlight instead of the bullshit out there now. 
What's in Summerset Isles?
Shove a gerbel in my ass, through a tube...oh oh, oh oh
Ironically my newborn son's name is Eric. And he looks just like this!
Edit with:

The women and men who have broke their necks for the freedom of speech the United States government has sworn to uphold.
The stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect.

I'm still curious to see what Apple will do this year. 10th anniversary so it should be a big leap forward, hopefully.
True. But also keep in mind that the S8 would need to be compared to the iPhone 7S/8, not 7.
To be completely honest with you, I don't really care for games on my phone, and as for videos, I'll watch a YouTube video here and there throughout the day. I find texting to take up most of my battery. 

But of course that's just me. 

Plus, if you were to game and watch videos on any phone, unless you have a tablet, I think all of them would choke. 

Not defending Apple, but just saying. The average person needs that standby time more than playing games or what not. 
Oh it sure is! He tagged the 3 he mentioned specifically.
Naw Rozenberg pretty much confirmed it's 2017. 
What apps do you use from the Play Store?

Can you for insnace, download Android Messages and text people?
Slim Shady phone?
Where did you hear that T-Mobile should be ready this year?
Well, not on T-Mobile it doesn't.
How does this even work? Is it available on any Android phone?
"Em drop that shit!"
That's fine. 
A government regime of religious leaders practicing things the Bible clearly condemns. Stop straying away from regular people, who were the victims actually. 
That is not my superstition, I'm simply rephrasing what it actually says in the Bible. Take your argument against the Bible, not me. 
I edited. I think it's better this way. Sometimes you have to read things twice. So thank you. 
Is that not why you take stats in college? You survey a small population and you have an idea of the bigger. An idea, not an exact amount. 

Forget my circle. Just watch the news. How many extreme stories have you heard about Christianity? Granted there are scandals about priests, but I'm talking about the everyday people. 
Then I guess you should have paid attention. We are talking about those who shove their ideas into other people's throats walking around judging others with signs. Those are I say again, 1 percent considering the amount of Christians you see around you every single day. In a mosh pit of people who are vastly Christian in the United States, you'll see 1 person doing that. 
Which is contradictory because the Bible tells people to get away from superstition and put their faith in the higher power. 
You do realize that ironically the Bible which you criticize so much specially considers superstition a pagan belief that Christians need to get rid of, right? Superstition has absolutely nothing to do with Christianity. These are all pre Christian beliefs that came from Paganism and the belief in multiple Gods. Maybe Zeus gave you warts if you pointed at his favorite star, or what have you. 

It's even oxymoronic. The only true power the Bible tells of is the power of the The Father, The Son, and the Holy Spirit. Nothing can be more powerful than that and that you should put all your faith into only that. According to that logic, superstition, is more powerful than God? See it wouldn't even make sense. 

I get the feeling you haven't even read the Bible. 
Yes, all the Christians I personally know in my personal circle don't do that. Apply statistics to this concept and you'll get an idea for a bigger population.

No one is cherry picking anything. I don't understand the constant attacks on Christianity for really no logical reason. All I said is that people are living their lives minding their own business. The vast majority of Christians are not standing outside with signs saying you will die if you don't repent. 
Considering that we're talking about billions of people, then yes, only the 1% is involved in fanatic craziness. That 1% is still a huge number. 
Anything negative associated with the word "most", is already a lie. If most people were bad, and there was more evil than good, the world would have ended a long, long time ago. 

The media survives off of mostly bad news. That's all they report, so that it all that you see. 

Besides, "most" Christians are not priests, but rather everyday people in the billions. 
I don't think Internet comments should be take too serious. It's just a reply,  but I guess you're right in a way. I'll just let this one be. 
Pretty irrelevant to the topic. 

99% of Christians who read the Bible mind their own business. You saw a specific group of those who like to shove their biased views into other's throats. 

Stop cherry picking :)
Aren't Apple iPhones the best example of this optimization you're referring to? They carry like a 2000 mAh battery and keep up with any high end Android phone carrying a 3400 mAh battery. 
It wasn't your fault. 
That might have been your first legal beer, but it was not your first beer.
Reminder that no one cares.
Because Eminem connected to a much bigger audience and influenced more demographics. All the little Erics and Ericas. His radio waves played for days and days and they all listened and related to him.
Shower thoughts 
The red design on her head scarf makes it seem like a blood stain.
"Oh Lohd!"
-Bernie Mac
Confirmed. Em and Mariay are back together.
Yet again, trigger words.
Besides the God comments, he doesn't say anything horrible to be labeled as a horrible person. 
So it's powered by Android?
You can tell he cares a lot about Em.
Don't know how accesable it was for you to get phones, but it was rather easy to switch in Los Angeles. 
Oh no. Does this mean he's Relapsing on drugs and depressed again?!
It's not that serious to avoid people over. I don't mean judge in such a severe way...but people always have a comment. 
Yes they are. As silly as it sounds, every time I get the urge to switch to Android, I feel like I have to explain it to the people around me as to why, and then vice versa.
Well, do you?
Triger words! I have tried explaining this to my wife so many times, and she never quite understands. Someone will sometimes say something, or I'll read something out loud and it will trigger an Eminem lyric that'll automatically repeat. She finds it odd to this day lol

Someone recently said Hitchcock and I blurted out "Hitchcok of the shit bitch ask Doc!"

Got stared at like I'm crazy lol


Which concert was this?
America. This is what it's all about. 

Would love to see the actual video. 
Same here
Me too!! Best MW and best COD in the series period. 
Didn't want to wait for XBox One X?
We need to hear the sound of the lightsaber. 
Me too! Now I have to ask how old you are lol

But to be fair, we all started at that age. 
Well the fact that you can rearrange the apps is great. Such a simple task from Apple and they just won't do it!
With Android, those apps wouldn't have to be in the dock, you have more imporatnt apps to place there, like phone and Messages, but rather you would simply drag those folder to the bottom.

2 cents
Ah ha...good to know!

reddit never fails to make my day. 
Because, Chromebooks?
AirDroid, that you?
What you're saying makes sense, and I already said put moral and general laws aside. Someone already did something stupid that's dangerous. Don't add fuel to the fire by making him reverse. Let him merge and accept it for what it is and move on. You don't need to be Superman on a fucking bike. 

I'm not sure how familiar you are with the law system here. All that bullshit you just wrote can be shoved up a judges ass with a good lawyer. If someone can break into a house, fall and break his arm, sue the owner and win, then this guy can ram his car saying he "thought" he saw a weapon.

This reminds me of these bycicle riders who drive on the street purposefully pulling as much to the left as humanly possible to send a message of "I am allowed to ride here!" Ok, when some car doing 70 hits you, sending you 25 feet in the air and in a coffin, at least in the end you can say that you had the right of way. 👌
Yes, but the bike is making a whole lot worse at this point that can potentially end bad.  That's all I'm saying. 
Look, morals aside, the bike has no right to do this. He is creating a dangerous situation and adding stress to the driver in the car. 

Besides, he can legally run him over claiming he felt threatened.
I have a similar issue. Always wanting to buy things I already have. 
Makes sense. Thank you kind stranger for the detailed answer!
What he is saying is true to this day. 
How do you like it? I'm assuming you got it. 
C302. 4GB RAM M3 processor 
Did you get one yet?!
NewEgg
Who woulda thought Slim Shady would be somethin' that you woulda bought?
Let's ask Dr. Dre.

Dr Dre, I got a question if I may. Is it gay, to okay putt putt golf with a friend?
And Dr. Dre said...

That's right we did, and at the same time forced the Soviet Union to drop billions on aiding them.
Arrogant? 

With over 800 bases spread accross the world, with a $600 billion dollar military budget, toppling economies whenever they wish...well, at least I'm not naive.
I will not even attempt to argue with you. My only suggestion would be to do more research global economics on a deeper level than you currently know. What you're saying sounds like a killer whale being dependant on a sea bass to swim.
At the end of the day, no matter what, they will lose.

Do not forget the power the United States can have over a country if they attempt to fuck with them.
You bite your tongue!
Those familiar with global economics will hopefully understand what I'm  about to say.

Part of the problem with the Western Media, including all the simple minded commenters here, is the fact that they have abosolutely no respect for their opponent.

This whole started with Obama. He lost to Putin at every single move, every single time, over and over again on the political arena. So him and his administration began to spread a simpleton image of Putin making him look like some James Bond villain killing his enemies. It's funny when it's a meme, but not when political leaders, and the media actually play a role in it as well.

Putin is far more of a serious individual to go around killing irrelavant enemies and political critics. Like I said, you do.not take your opponent serious enough. It's always a joke, which is why yet again he will keep winning every play.  He completely shattered the Western political goals in the last 8 years and got everything he wanted at every corner by picking apart weak opponents. That's exactly what he'll keep doing on a much bigger global level why you idiots keep talking about every journalist he supposedly killed.

Trump is actually the first one who doesn't take this stupidity seriously. Any half knowledged person who understands even the basics of how politics works, and who Putin really is as a leader, would laugh at this. 

Show some respect for your opponent, or you'll keep looking stupid, every time. 
Rap Genius

"This could be a reference to Fuzz Scoota. He was originally a D12 member, but left due to beef with Proof. Then rejoined D12 after Proof’s death."
Ever so slightly he does...pokes at him and Elton John and how he's gonna diss his crew (D12)

I actually always wanted to know how they got back together again making music, and I don't think the Difficult line is about Royce. 
The beef was never with Eminem, but rather D12. Eminem was sort of in the middle. Royce made fun of them saying you're nothing without the white guy. He always acknowledged Eminem's skills as a rapper, and the two always loved each other. There is a documentary where D12 talks about the beef, and I believe Proof was the one who squashed it before he died. I could be remembering wrong, though. 
Always. It's pretty insane. 
The last verse of Bad Guy.
I think it's just the fun factor of it.
If you recall the short clip of the MTV Movie Awards teaser, where he is walking and a car blows up, he falls on a nameless star. It's symbolic to the fact that he doesn't have one, which means that he knows he deserves one. 
The Peacemaker 3: Return of the 50 MCs
June 8th just happens to rhyme with OH!

That is all.
THe Piecemaker 3, but that was released in July of 2013.
No, it's a track called Symphony in H.
This explains that one episode of Glee.
To be fair, some of the opponents Magnus palyed were kids and teenagers. Also worth mentioning that Bobby was only 21 at the time. I don't think there will ever be a more facsniating player than Bobby Fischer. He is the phenomenon of chess.
Well that's exactly why I would want an iPad. The ecosystem. Android does have an ecosystem. They can't even decide on one messaging platform. 
They are these shapes made of glass people put around their houses to see outside. 
Usually an assortment of covers done over beats of other songs. It's usually for hype. I know it's not really a mixtape. But it has that feel to it. Like hey, look at all these different styles I can spit in. Check me out, sort of thing. 
Wow
White Walker baby?
Nice. I have an Asus 302 myself. It's awesome!
Feels like I got it yesterday.  I got it on the day of release. 
It's pretty epic. It has everything "Eminem". Because of that it sometimes feels like a mixtape instead of the album having a general theme. But some of the tracks are masterpieces. 
Ok honestly sometimes I have no choice but to beleive in a higher power. My wife and I ate dinner 15 minutes ago and we were looking at the bottle of Newman's Own alfredo sauce and we noticed it says all profits go to charity. We had a TIL moment.

Now I see someone posted on reddit and it made it to the front page.

Not sure what to make of this.
I wonder what the co-founder of reddit would say about this since his grandfather lived through the Genocide, and his entire life story is related to that event.
Right...keep practicing your literature girly. 
Much bigger problems? An attempt to wipe a whole race off the planet and try to sweep it under a rug...yet there are much bigger problems?

Don't worry, you couldn't get rid of all of them :)
Fuck your "side", and fuck what you consider "fair". That's exactly what it has to be compared to, because that's exactly what it was. In fact, it was the FIRST Holocaust. The Germans even took notes on it. 

There's no denying that it happened. It's a historical fact recognized by majority of the world (including almost all 50 States in the U.S.). What your shitty government claims is really irrelevant. Politics is a dirty game, which is the only reason the United States doesn't use the world "Genocide", but of course they know what took place. Presidential candidates have even spoke of it, but stopped as soon as they became President. 

Until your government accepts what they did, you will always be haunted by this. It's a fire that will never go out. Don't worry, it's just a matter of time. 
Please simply see yourself out of this.
Oh that's a load of shit. But anyway, rather not get into this. 
So basically, you've been brainwashed.
To be fair, I got front row seats (though I was standing in a mosh pit) for an Eminem concert, and I'm not conisdered, "wealthy". If you're a huge fan you know months ahead and you budget knowing you'll buy resold tickets at double or triple the price.
This will happen from time to time again. It's a mind blowing effect you want to tell everyone, but don't know who to tell lol
It's official. Album drops on 9/15. 
Such an ignored and underrated track. I LOVE this song. I used the line "Biologically, I defy logic" in so many profile descriptions. lol
That explains the echoes.
May I suggest Will Smith instead?
Success is the best revenge.
This has a very Fantastic Mr. Fox feel to it.
It's nice to get that big chunk of cash at the end of the year with single 0. You will cover a major credit card which you spent on a vacation or purchased something big that year. 

No matter how high my salary has gotten, I've always kept single 0. I'm​ married now and my wife and I still file single 0. 
I'm sorry for your loss.

Your mom seems like she was a lovely woman :)
"And I didn't feel a thing so baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back"
Whoa...
The MMLP is particularly interesting. It's a Back to Black vinyl. Premium Audiophile. Heavyweight 180 gram Vinyl. 

Is it a better quality vinyl? Anyone know about this?
"Forgive me."

"I feel it again."

"The pull to the Light."

"Supreme Leader senses it."

"Show me again, the power of the darkness."

"And I will let nothing stand in our way."

"Show me, grandfather."

"And I will finish, what you started."
The Vinyl LPs [10 LP Box Set][Explicit] https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00ON91ML0/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_LFjizb87D3DE8
"Stanley! Stanley!"

"DON'T call me that!"
Damn sorry to hear that. 

And thank you!
Agreed!
It's on Amazon but being sold by a 3rd party. 
I haven't even gotten to SSLP yet. I'll do that next!
Thank you :)
Thank you!
It was actually 20, but after tax it still came to $180. Well known store. No scams lol
It was 10% lol
$360

The Vinyl player was 20% off. Regular is $200 she got it for $180. Another $180 for the albums.

The record player is Audio Technica. It's really good quality. 
Similar to iPhone yes? I've been looking for this for so long! I have a Pixel myself.
Yes you can, at max capacity with no lag.

The only thing you'd need is a decent enough graphics card. Say, GTX 970 and up.
I connected my N64 to a 60 inch ultra HD TV, and the display is set to 4:3, but the quality looks HORRIBLE! How can I get it to look the way I rememebred it? It's connected with the classic red white yellow connection.
I wish I could write to Netflix corporate, but I can't do this on my own. No, I'm no Superman.
Let's not forget that we are the ones living amongst them people, not the other way around.
Sooo...album in July?
There were plenty of updates in between. You KNEW the guy made an album, he is just promoting it slowly. 

We don't know anything right now. Not until we get some actual hint. 
Actually he announced the name of the project on August 22, 2013. Berzerk was released shortly after. He was very active and we knew what the name of the album was. 

This time it's just a "project". He never actually used to say that he's working on an actual album. One day you would just hear about it. 
Granted, yes. But these albums weren't announced, and then just quietness for months.

There were updates. Picture teasers, etc. 
Seems reasonable enough.

My other option at this point is a revolver. Anything in particular for recomendation? 
Yeah I'm thinking so myself. Does it matter much with revolvers?
There's something Fantastic about it, isn't there?
Great points to consider. Thank you very much!
Thank you for stating that. I really appreciate it. Not many people see it that way and get trigger happy with advice, in a sense.

I've shot different firearms on many occassions, and know all the "rules" that go along with it as far as handle and care, including proper storage.

What I want isn't only for myself, but I want my wife to familialize herself with a firearm as well. That's why I'm wondering what the most practical one is for anyone to use.

But I keep debating back and forth. This is as you may imagine, a worst case scenario. Even if I hear an alarm...and the bulger ignores it and continues to push into the house...the simple question remains, what am I going to do if I'm so vulnerable? I heard noises sometimes late at night and I got up to inspect the outside area. Standing there, in my boxers...I asked myself. Suppose I see someone standing there. What was I going to do anyway?
I like this...

What are the maintenance/cleaning requirements?
That's an interesting approach...that sound is pretty haunting.
Hard to argue against that. But I imagine such scenarios to be nothing like in movies. What if you know you have kids in the house, and you and your family are spread apart. Wouldn't you feel nervous spreding a buckshot that can hit anything in the vicinity? 
I keep seeing this come up. Glock 19 seems to have good reviews.

I should add that I'd like my wife to learn how to use it as well.
PZZZZZZ PZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
The iPhone is a great phone, but it's just boring.

That is all.
I know I would.
Oh I see what you're saying.

Yeah I think I'll get ta 3Ds then
But then that woldn't leave much reason for people to buy an iPhone, which is why Apple would never do it.

We are always screwed! lol
Can you explain what you mean by if I don't want the 3D? I saw someone playing Ocarina of Time on a 2DS, which is a 3D game.
No I don't mind actually. I've never owed a hand held so...just wondering which one is better to get at this point. I guess that'll be the New 2DS XL oin July?
Interesting 

Got it...and can you play a "3D" game on this New 2DS XL that's coming July 28th? Like Zelda OoT?
Ok serious question, what is the latest 3DS?

Bonus question, can you buy Ocarina of Time on it?
Exactly. The show makes you feel for him, and at the same time, you want to be him. But ultimately, all he ever cared about was himself.
Wait but Pushbullet is free
My bet is in RCS

That's what I use. But of course having a chat system via internet with the option of SMS brings it all together. Hopefully soon...
I have the C302 myself! High five*

Damn...I am hoping for some kind of a push feature for it work. Simlar to sms texts on a Mac using iMessage.
Sucks...
He always knew he made wrong choices. He constantly struggled with it himself. He kept chasing, and getting what he wanted...and was still not satisfied. That's why he breaks down at the end.
Yes. He also said..."I dont' like him. He's got no people."
Yes that's what I mean  I use Pushbullet now. But yeah, I meant sort of like using iMessage on a Mac. How is it that you can send SMS on a Mac, along with iMessages, but we can't on a Google app? It's a push service, but why go through other apps? Why can't Google keep up with Apple on all these continuity features?
But can you use Android Messages?
Well the character is made to be cool no matter what. But imagine that was your father. He has/had everything, and nothing was ever enough. 
But wouldn't you agree that Don was overall, just a bad person, outside of work?
Definitely agreed
I don't see why not. Word processing doesn't take much processing power not space. 
So Don basically helped him become who he became. 
It looks like an animation from Fantastic Mr. Fox
"That's the last time he'll ever see female genitalia."

-Triumph The Insult Comic Dog
Well here's what I don't understand, right?

Suppose I fill it with 60GB of my own personal date, and the trial expires. Let's suppose I no longer want to pay for 100GB. What happens to MY data?
Seriously? Apple patneed it?

Wow
It should already give you a link for addresses and phone number, like iOS
The default for vibrate on keypress is now disabled. Wtf? I don't know what the old default was. What number do I pick?
You're right that he can terminate me for not following company rules. But he would have to pay for every mintue worked...legally speaking. No? You can't work for free. Either you get paid...or diciplined. 

That's what I gather from all the answers.
I see. So basically if I don't take it, it sort of looks like I'm taking advantage of him by not following rules?
Just confirmed...it does not.
Can't believe addresses still show up as links.
Can't remember, does iOS let you do this?
That's my aim yes
Thanks!
Damn it...

Can't argue with that. I was just saying in general. You know..."one can only wish", sort of thing. 
Yes! This exactly.

So basically...there's nothing I can do anymore.
Guys I came across a glitch. I didn't get the Deku nut upgrades when I was small link. Now when I tried to get it, the one where you look at the trees with the mask of truth...It won't give me an upgrade. 
Got that. 500 is the biggest no?
How do I get this?
Got 50 :)
Got the sword...But how do I get this, love?
No worries.
It may go one...but things will never be the same again.

It's a shame really. We are concentrated on the wrong things. If only oall the money spent on war would be spent on other technoliges and space exploration...
I will, okay?
Yes technically speaking...the third.
We're barely surviving the early 2nd millenium AD...
Well, good for you man.
A mesh of both would be the ultimate phone!
Agreed. I mean for years I knew that Android had *better* features, but it didn't mean I would switch. But after they took out the headphone jack and said the reason was due to their bravery...I had enough.
Yeah I was just checking it out...it's not a total deal breaker, but maybe an update to make it easier?
I suppose that's the idea. You turn it on, and see what's on at that moment. But for example my primary reason for it is to watch live sports. I want to see schedules...you know
Yup. Totally agree. Oh look Apple did something retarded, let's do it too because it must be revolutionary.

The moment you can't criticize something, means you've been brainwashed. I used an iPhone for 8 years. I was the guy completely in love with their ecosystem. But guess what? I know when I'm being fucked already. I switched to Android and couldn't be happier. Can Google fuck me over too one day? Sure. Will I ever have an iPhone again? Maybe.

You can to analyze critically is all I'm saying. I'm in no way calling myself smart, but I feel that's what a smart consumer does.
Years ago I figured out the best way to avoid student loans by not attending college. 
In C we trust. 
Exactly. What I always hate is when the general consumer public absolutely shreds any other company apart when something doesn't work right, but always ignores the Apple screw ups and gives them a chance.
I sent this to my local news channel on FB. Hoping they report it and get something going. This is unacceptable.

God please help this man. 
Asus C302

It's premium built, has great battery, and fast

The trackpad will no be the same as a MacBook. Honestly, nothing ever will. But...comparing $500 to $1,700? This Chromebook is pretty damn good!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ue84G2O5hcg

By the way Crooked I is in this...before he was known as King Crooked
Newton ain't got nothing on tihs guy.
Slut!
Definitely, I would love to hear them both to give their best as far as lyrical skill on a track. 
Nice, I saw your post. Too bad Em never does stuff like this anymore.
Oh wow, that's pretty awesome man. Was he laid back, or cocky?
With all due respect, only Royce and Em can do that.

Da fuck you mean "That is all"?

How did you meet him?!
They said I can't rap about bein' broke no more

Confirmed!
He's done it before. Don't worry. 
LOL what? Do you realize which subreddit you're in?
By the way, people had no clue who Ann Coult whatever her name is was until he mentioned her. If anything she should thank him. 
I said regrets...nothing about apologizing lol. 
Well, I remember going to the Monster Tour in 2014, where the album was already released. So not sure if it's related to tours.
How many days later does Em actually write back? This will be the day Em announces the album.
Replcement came today. Alll good and works great!
Because at the end of the day he realizes it's a first world problem to complain about the tiny details. He tells you the overall experience, which is mostly good. 
Oh it's all good! I wasn't judging. Just putting it out there...
No way lol. We forget all the other celebs who backlashed against Eminem for saying some of the things he said. What's next? He checked with LGBT too?
If you're going to use this feature, it only makes sense to get the same speaker.
That's fine, people gotta do what they gotta do, I guess.
Apologies. You're right. 
The part where he says "You were my brother Anakin. I loved you." almost made me cry.
Way too soon.
The words at the end are pretty chilling.


That wasn't me writing that lol
But I feel like since there is more than 1 outlet to outsource information, it wouldn't be as easy today, mainly thanks to the Internet.
That's reassuring. Thanks! 

Yeah I love it overall as well. 
Oh man, I got mine today, and I have that same EXACT issue. Returing to Newegg to get a replacement.

Our kind of luck I guess lol...but good to know that it IS in fact a defect and the replacement won't have the issue.
Cheers!
Already do!
Either no one told me, or no one knows.
Yup. That was it...by the way correction, I do have CBS.

Yeah the Live Chat told me I don't have CW live in my area, but I do have on demand. I live in Los Angeles (Valley).
Yeah, he actually got pissed off when this leaked.
Question. How come I can't see all the channels listed live? I don't see CW on my live list nor CBS.
Yeah. Sometimes I think that's why he is so late on his projects. It's like he's always in fear of being irrelevant, or just not that good anymore. He mentions that fear so many times in his latest songs. Especially the ending of Bad Guy really portrays what's happening in his head.

He'll be miserable if he sucks, and he'll be miserable if he retires. This is all he has. That's the primary reason as to why he's so good. He devotes all his energy to it.
Yeah cause to me that counts. It's actually kinda sad. That's why in a sense they say most of music is kind of dead...not just Hip-Hop.

A rapper in his 40's should NOT outsell a younger one. It's just unnatural. 
Very healthy to agree to disagree. So all good!
I get what you're saying, trust me. I'm just looking at the big picture at the end of the day. Kendrick sold a little over 1 million for both of his albums. The 40 some year old Eminem 4 million now on MMLP2.

Hear me out here on why Kendrick isn't "The One".

Do you remember when Em came in? It was like a storm. Something that no one had ever seen before. That's how he has 2 diamond albums. The shock value and the level of his skills were just unheard of.

I am not stuck on just Eminem saying "no one can beat him!" All I'm saying is that I haven't seen that next guy to come in and just absolutely shred. For people to stop and say..."WHOA WTF??? WHO'S THIS GUY AND WHERE DID HE COME FROM???"

It's the same in sports. You get those once a generation. We are still waiting for the next Mike Tyson, as an example.

There was a time when you used to say Em is the highest selling rapper...that time is still now. It's just how it is.

Every time I mention this, people say "Oh Grammy's don't matter! Or sales don't matter!" They do. They really do. If in a world where downloading is so easy illegally, someone says I'm going to pay for this man's work...then it does matter. Look at Adele? The girl sold 8 million in months in 2016.


It doesn't matter who's on top of their game...what's so hard to understand that? If you compete against Em in the rap game, you get nervous.
I don't have to do me. History has already done it, lolz

I'm not making up the fact that he shreds other rappers, history speaks for itself. The awards, the sales, etc

So who's really delusional? 
It's the others who have to think about fucking with him. Don't mix a rookie with a legend. 
I used to work for a factory in Detroit manufacturing car parts.

Now I'm a famous rapper.
Honestly at this point, there's nothing iOS can do. They would have to scrap the whole concept and revamp it...in which case it would no longer be iOS.
Actually, I find myself doing this less and less. The default Google apps have become so stable that there is no need for me to set anything else as a default.
On a serious note though...I was thinking about this.

I know Kendrick is releasing an album this year too, and so did Big Sean. If Em releases this year, they all go head to head during the Grammy's. I would assume that Em is of course confident enough to beat them in Rap Album of the Year...but do you think there is a chance he is waiting to release during a year with less competition?

Just thought...
What if this ends up being another Detox?
Damn, that sucks! It'll be more worth it once it gets to you, thought. 
Excellent. Makes me believe I made the right choice as well.
Why is that?

You know I'm not sure? Totally new at this lol

I'm switching from a MacBook Pro
I'm hoping they'll add a guide like PS Vue. 
Nice! That's all I needed to hear.

Thank you sir.
Does that mean 6th generation?

I assume you have no speed issues
See? That's 2 out of 3 already that I'll take. I don't like Styluses, and I don't like the 4:3 ratio.

Only question for you that you might know, what generation Intel is in the Asus? (I'm literally in the midst of ordering, just need to press the trigger but need to know as much as possible first lol)
Garage looks like precision collision...

Sorry, Eminem fan.
I've seen reviews and it's pretty much going to be equal to this anyway...it's only the difference in the chip on the pro that's going to be Intel, which Asus already has.

Honestly, these aren't that good. The Google Pixel takes better photos.
Yeah I couldn't handle some director ruining those words the way I saw/felt them in my head.
This is so awesome in so many ways. Mercy at its best.
I need this to be released.
Apple has been acting strange recently...they updated the iPad quietly and for the first time dropped the price on a product.

If they bring back the jack, I'll know it's officially over lol
"It feels like I just woke up or something. I guess I just... forgot who the fuck I was man."

These words literally got me out of depression. 
A baby can work from the day he/she is born. It's called the Coogan Law.
Knowing Apple, and the simple fact that RCS would eat away at the iMessage competition, they will never do that!

And yes Verizon hasn't mentioned anything regarding RCS.