It's how /u/robotnationdefender's specific device/browser is rendering that text. [It looks fine on my end.](https://i.imgur.com/6yDVOZZ.png)
Once in a lifetime. 
Big if true.
lmao
Haha thanks I'm actually almost 20 now just haven't updated my flair. 
How is it a temporary problem if I've been depressed for as long as I can remember? 
Same here.
r/Halo is leaking?
I had to do it twice for it to register.
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ VGK take my 2OT ENERGY ! ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ


> Are there any chances that this amazing and iconic armor will be in the game?

Yes.
I moved from LA to Vegas after living there for 19 years and I loved every moment of them getting swept lol
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ VGK take my 3rd Period energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
no
You're pretty much getting the speed you pay for. There's 8 bits in a byte.

Lowercase b = bits and uppercase B = Bytes.


So 3Mbps = 375KB/s and 1Mbps = 125KB/s.
For Assassinations - absolutely. We want to have it so pressing the key will be a regular beat-down, but if you want to humiliate them you can hold the key for an assassination.

As for consoles - it will never happen. For one it costs money to distribute games, even just on the store. And that's also Microsoft's turf. It's better for us to not step on their toes.
Me too. I managed to get my X370 Prime Pro for $90 from Amazon Warehouse Deals. The X470 Prime Pro was almost double that!
You can also search "index of: \<movie\>" on Google and find almost anything.
Remember what you were looking at was over a year ago. Most stuff even beyond animations was placeholder.
Also falsely equating depression to social anxiety. I am depressed but have never felt anxious in my life. And I may not be very good at social situations but I'm certainly not afraid of them.
1 Gigabyte is 1000 Megabytes.

1 Gibibyte is 1024 Mebibytes.
Nope. 1000MB = 1GB while 1024MiB = 1GiB.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_prefix
Weird, I've been loving the camera on my 5T.
I've heard they handle as much as 10% of ALL internet traffic, how is that not big or relevant?
We already went into homosexuality and I gave specific verses to back up my point. You gave no evidence at all. You're just circling back around to things that were already said. Which only proves you're not actually listening to anything I'm saying.

Another straw-man argument. Completely baseless and has nothing to do with what we're talking about.

And then there's you continuing to accuse me of cherry picking verses, when the only one in this chain who's cherry picked verses is yourself. Talk about hypocrisy.

"Your church's teachings will continue to change with the times." I would sure hope so. How does this invalidate anything? Science changes all the time. People change. Companies change. Society changes. That doesn't invalidate them. New discoveries are made, new interpretations come to light. It would be more ridiculous for the beliefs to not change. And if that were the case you'd just complain about Christianity not changing instead.

Furthermore, the only one being illogical here is you. I've pointed out your logical fallacies and invalid arguments multiple times now. You also continue to attack Christianity as a whole instead of actually addressing any of my points. Clearly you can't separate your preconceived notions of Christians from what I'm actually saying to you.


You continue to demonstrate you have no idea what you're talking about. Jesus constantly called people out and it's not "specifically banned" anywhere. 
Calling someone out for acting like a child is not the same as calling their beliefs bullshit. You're making a false comparison.
Joke's on you I'm Christian and sad.
It's like you completely ignored what I said. Do you even know how to have a discussion with someone at all? I feel like I'm trying to reason with a brick wall.

You can also disagree with someone without being disrespectful. Grow up.
So you trust Google? Or your ISP? They're all shady so I'd rather use the one that is the least.
I'm just as surprised haha. Glad we got to talk about it <3
That is ignoring the other half of the verses involving judging others. It's always something like (paraphrasing) "Do not judge others... or you will be judged by the same measure."


If you couldn't make any judgements at all, no one would ever be able to make friends, have relationships, get married, or anything of the sort. That all requires making some kind of judgement of the other person. That'd be ridiculous. 
If any one is condemning someone purely on the basis of sexuality they definitely aren't following the New Testament haha. Most people I know at least only consider the actual sex a sin, nothing wrong with the relationship itself. Plus we all sin in one way or another anyways, so it'd be silly to not be accepting especially when Jesus himself was all about acceptance.
I can make any judgement I want. Wtf are you smoking? You accuse me of cherry picking verses and then you do it yourself. 
How am I cherry picking? And now you're just setting up a strawman. At the very least learn how to formulate a valid argument if you're going to be ignorant on a subject.
I've been working on it.
Not when it's also in 1 Corinthians and 1 Timothy in the New Testament. While it could be argued that's just Paul's view, there's also plenty of verses about love, marriage, man and woman becoming one, and other things of that nature that also reinforce the idea. One of the reasons a lot of people are so vocal about this specific thing is that it isn't said just once. It's hammered in there pretty good.
While I do agree with your second point, you're mixing up Old Testament and New Testament laws. In addition to different verses having different contexts. At least get somewhat informed about something before you condemn it.
Wish Upon A Blackstar - Celldweller

End of an Empire - Celldweller

Scandroid - Scandroid
You need to be root
Two different therapists said they can't help me and I just have to keep trying medications until something works...
Aw that one is actually my favorite. It's also how I discovered GUNSHIP since I had been following Lazerhawk already.
This is heresy! 
Trebuchets.
>New revolutionary technology should die because I wanna play the vidya games
I love Wasabi oh man.
/r/woooosh
I think Jafet is more into orchestral and electronic music but I wouldn't rule out putting some metal riffs in there like Halo 2.
It's a Smash ad.
Before 2553 but after 2018.
haha yes
I can confirm. There is.
Same here. They must have recently changed something.
We need an automated system, normally /u/HawkeAssault posts it for me :P
Disable Adblock/uBlock for installation01.org. We don't have any ads (we're not allowed to make any money) but it blocks the "Sign In With Google" button.
Ay I was born before 9/11
My situation will be completely different from yours because the difficulty has been rising. But my cards paid for themselves in less than 3 months, and that's after paying for electricity.
Even in California where electricity costs $0.19/kwh (much, much higher than the national average) I still made a profit. Pretty much anywhere else will cost less.
For someone who speaks like they know what they're talking about you sure do like to throw around misinformation. Microsoft has said that [not all first party games will be coming to Play Anywhere](https://www.cnet.com/news/xbox-play-anywhere-not-all-games-microsoft-clarification/). You also spelled "Wookiee" wrong.
~~Fans~~ Greg makes the best artistic decisions.
macOS but yes
There are achievements on our homepage for unlocking recon if you sign in........
Well that explains a lot. I was wondering what was wrong since my 980 Ti had worked fine.
We aren't doing the full final 1.0 release this year but don't rule out everything ;)
I was wondering when we'd start getting memes here.
I need to get off the internet, I've gone blind.
For me I just click on the sound icon on the tab and it mutes it...
Bean already gave a decent answer but I'll add a couple things.

 All platforms can play with each other without any issues. Unity makes that relatively easy.

As for the size of the game, it's hard to say because more maps would add more things to store but I think it'll be under 15GB at launch.
It's not that simple, and even if it were such a system would still require additional servers across multiple regions to work properly. It just isn't feasible. 
We will not be officially supporting modifications of any kind. This could change in the future but if there's some specific feature you find missing from the game we can always add it in if it's reasonable.
We're not copying any one game's aesthetic. Most of our weapons are either blends of different games or are our own entirely new designs. https://i01.co/media
It seems like it would be that simple, but what happens when you want to matchmake for objective-based gametypes? Kill/death ratio doesn't tell you how good someone is at capturing a flag. Not to mention K/D can easily be skewed by steamrolling with vehicles, especially in objective games since the number of kills you can get is theoretically unlimited. 

There's a reason Bungie made such an elaborate system for calculating "TrueSkill."

[Click on "Detailed Description" under "Matching Players"](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/project/trueskill-ranking-system/)
You're mixing up ranking and progression systems. They're two different things. Ranking is ranking you based on your skill i.e. TrueSkill and progression is only moving forwards, not backwards. Halo Reach still had skill ranking it was just in the arena (and behind the scenes in matchmaking).

&nbsp;

As for Halo 3, it tried to combined the two and is an absolute mess. There's a reason you've never seen that system used ever again not even in another franchise. You might be in the minority that enjoyed it but it was terrible.

&nbsp;

Installation 01 will be using a similar system to Reach for progression and armor. As for skill ranking, it is something we probably won't ever be able to do because it requires dedicated servers to be fair. Not to mention  additional servers and databases to calculate everyone's skills and then even more servers to matchmake players based on those skills. It just isn't feasible on a budget of $0.

&nbsp;

<3 TheFeelTrain

^Community ^Manager ^& ^Lead ^Systems ^Engineer 
You can still play the older versions. I really enjoy Tekkit Classic which is on 1.2.5 still.
He meant what he said.
Antminers only work on Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash.

(And a few select others that are on the same algorithm.)
A lot of places are starting to also accept Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, ZCash, and a whole bunch of other coins that don't have that problem.
My friend in upstate New York is paying $0.045 per kwh! I'm sending my cards over to him because I'm here in California paying $0.17...
I promise you nobody is mining Bitcoin on a GPU. They would actually be losing money on electricity. But even leaving electricity out of the equation just compare how much you'd be making. 

Here's [500MH/s mining Bitcoin](https://www.cryptocompare.com/mining/calculator/btc?HashingPower=500&HashingUnit=MH%2Fs&PowerConsumption=0&CostPerkWh=0&MiningPoolFee=0) vs [500MH/s mining Ethereum](https://www.cryptocompare.com/mining/calculator/eth?HashingPower=500&HashingUnit=MH%2Fs&PowerConsumption=0&CostPerkWh=0&MiningPoolFee=0).

This technically isn't a fair comparison because they are different algorithims but it still illustrates the point. $1100 vs $0.01...
Bitcoin itself is only profitable if you use specific hardware called ASICs. When people are using GPUs to mine they are generally mining other cryptocurrencies like Ethereum, Monero, or ZCash.


People have been saying that for years and it hasn't happened yet so I doubt it. Plus nobody is mining Bitcoin with GPUs so it wouldn't matter.
I'm in California where electricity is easily 4x more expensive than most other places and it's still profitable to mine. That wouldn't do anything but piss off people who aren't mining.
Hey everyone, hope you enjoyed Tosh's first article! As you can see, the Reddit threads now appear down here under the post for your viewing pleasure. 

Not quite as good as having forums but hey, it's something.
__utm cookies are from Google Analytics, nothing special about them. Look at literally any website's cookies and you'll see them.
Read your original comment. It has twice the amount of salt I do.
Not to mention even without the early adopter rate it's only $15/mo for six people. My family of 5 splits the costs to $3/each.
I'm not looking, but they seem to be coming right to me like you have.
People thought the Internet was dumb when it first started too. Give it a few years.
I just really like new exciting technology ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

r/Bitcoin was actually what got me onto Reddit 4-5 years ago. I've been on this train for a long time and I don't like it when people are hating on it for unfounded or misinformed reasons.
People having been saying the crypto market will "inevitably crash" for years now. You're going to be waiting a long, long time. Especially now that people are all speculating the market will go back up, so they will continue to mine even if it's not profitable at current prices.

If I mine 1 Ethereum in a month, I just made about $1,000 for that month (actual current price). Let's say I do this for a year and make 12 Ethereum worth $12,000. But if all I do is hold onto that 12 Ethereum and it goes up to say $2,000 each, then I just made $2,000 per month for a total of $24,000 even though earlier in the year it *seemed* like I was making half of that.

So it's worth it to keep mining even if the market dips.


What happened to contributing to society for money? Just do that until you can buy a new one.

You can get a 1050 Ti for less than $200 and that can easily play games at 1080p. Or get a used 970 on eBay for $250. It's not like there aren't options.
It's not killing your hobby. PC gaming isn't going anywhere. Anyone who has a GPU already can continue to play games like they always have. Maybe it's killing the growth of the number of players, but I don't see how that affects you on an individual level.
Of course you would hate what you don't understand.

The entire concept of mining is so that the blockchain is decentralized and secure. A more accurate name for mining would really be verification. You give your processing power, other people are able to make transactions safely, you get a reward in return. That's a TL;DR but I'm sure you can find more information all over the place.
A peer-to-peer decentralized online payment platform isn't a contribution to society? What are you smoking?

The blockchain and the various thing it's spawned are the most important invention since the Internet itself.

&nbsp;

And if you don't want to do the thing that would mitigate the problem you're complaining about then you forfeit your right to complain about it. There's a simple solution and you want to avoid it for some philosophical bullshit reason so stop bitching about prices.
You could just mine with whatever GPU you have right now and use that profit to upgrade. That's what I did. That way you actually pay nothing for a new card. When you look at it that way it's not bad at all.
You're just salty you're not making hundreds of dollars per month sitting on your ass doing nothing.
The price would have to drop a *lot* lower for people to be mining at a loss. I'm in California where electricity is the most expensive and I still make a healthy profit even at current prices.
Yeah, fuck those guys for capitalizing on essentially free money...
One of my favorite drinks is OceanSpray White Cran Peach juice but it's getting harder and harder to find in stores. I think it's been discontinued and probably won't exist anymore pretty soon.
Credit cards exist. Things like PayPal Credit exist. 0% interest for 6 months on eBay purchases over $99.

If you can pay them back within 3-4 months with zero interest, why wouldn't you buy up a bunch of cards? 
It works great on Arch from personal experience :D
1) My first ever upgrade going from a GTX 660 was to a ZOTAC GTX 970, and oh man I used that thing for a couple of years and loved it. I chose it because it was about $20 cheaper than the competition, and it still kicked butt.
We also have one developer from Singapore so you two can play together :P
Do you have any Skittles?
I got mine for $350 about a month ago...
My body is bready
ViDocs are cool but since our team is on the smaller side (about 40-50 people total) it pulls resources away from the project to create one. We'd love to make more in the future but right now we're full speed ahead on the game's development.
I usually try spinning, that's a good trick.
Amen to that.
He didn't say he doesn't have depression, just that he has depression without the anxiety. I'm the same way.
I have "severe" depression but I've never been anxious in my life. It's possible to go so far that you almost have an integer overflow and wrap back around. Instead of caring too much you don't care about anything.
Some time after 2018 but before 2552.
Hey, that's where I'll be watching it. Victoria Gardens.
I'm talking about megabytes not megabits. 65MB/s is 520Mbps
I bought $20 worth when Ether had first launched on Coinbase. It was at $11 each and I had no idea what it was but it looked interesting. That turned out okay I think.
I don't think anyone is getting their full gigabit on Steam. I've never gone above 65MB/s of my theoretical 125MB/s. I think the highest I've gotten on any service was surprisingly [95MB/s on uPlay](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/127002466347778048/284883303121551361/95.png).

Although I agree with the rest of what you said.
Everyone forgets [Scandroid](https://soundcloud.com/celldweller/scandroid-salvation-code-1) D:
I couldn't give you a date even if I wanted to.
No I'm pretty sure every single conspiracy theorist has to believe every theory simultaneously. There's nothing in between.
Yep, did that intentionally.
Nope, but in some ways it's better this way. We're not driven by our quest for money but by our love and passion for Halo. Instead of making decisions based on what will sell the best, we get to make whatever we want. I think that will really show. Plus it's great to not have an obligation to deliver for a paid product IMO :P

&nbsp;

There are other ways to support us like getting the word out or joining the team if you think you have something to contribute. Although, instead of direct donations we might might be able to offer some merchandise (t-shirts, mugs, etc.) at some point. That goes along with getting the word out. But it does require further discussion within the team and with Microsoft and isn't something we're going to focus on -- or even draw much attention to.

&nbsp;

Just a heads up you can find some more information about our relationship with 343 and Microsoft here:

https://installation01.org/updates/343-industries
Wouldn't be Halo without it! We're actually planning on having some extra tools for that specific purpose. 

For example, the ability to control your character and camera independently of each other so you don't need a cameraman or to go back and replay the film. Or a hotkey for lowering your weapon. 

I'm sure we'll think of some other small additions to add as well. Rest assured it should be plenty easy to make Machinimas in Installation 01 :)
Username doesn't check out.
Yep. Been holding on since 2013.
https://www.youtube.com/embed/0q69Msy8ttM?start=1417&end=1485
We're actually hoping to have both.
ThePirateBay AFK
Of course you would be downvoted for posting this. People would rather laugh at the strawman argument OP setup rather than address the actual problems with the film.
> But she didn't defeat Snoke, Kylo did?

He said "beats the *now* Supreme Leader of the First Order" so he probably meant she beat Kylo at the end of TFA. Which agree with, there's no reason she should be able to hold her own against Kylo.
Never bothered me in the slightest. And that's coming from someone who's been playing Halo since 2001.
Halo 3 had bloom. The reticle just wasn't animated. 
Reach is my favorite and I've been playing Halo since 2001
Where does suicide fall in? Star Wars is dead.
Which would be great, if this wasn't supposed to be a fucking serious mainline Star Wars movie.
Damn meatbags.
For every cool scene there were 5 missed opportunities. I didn't have huge expectations but I'm still disappointed. 
The only reason it looks smooth is because of the gif compression. The actual material looks like metal.
Topical
It's supposed to pass? I must be doing it wrong, it's been like six years.
Dark Souls
Soon™

In all seriousness, the main reason you haven't seen any gameplay in a long time is that we completely overhauled our networking and movement. It's taken a few months but everything is a lot smoother and more optimized. 

Remember our goal is for the game to run on even the lowest hardware, and we didn't realize it would take so much time to tune everything. Hopefully it'll be polished enough to show off pretty soon. 
It used to be the Moto X back in 2013-2015 when Google owned them. Great phones for $400 with GSM and CDMA support. Now I'm not sure. 

I actually just switched from Verizon to T-Mobile after probably close to 10 years so I could get the OnePlus 5T.
It might not be "officially" compatible but it will work. I think it might not support network switching so it'll only use T-Mobile.
It's just the battery getting old. You can replace the battery or get a new phone. I have had the same issue for a couple months now so today I ordered a OnePlus 5T :P
They are whatever color you'd like :D

RGB sliders.
Dual-wielding assault rifles confirmed ;o

Nah, it's just placeholder weapons. It's demonstrating how dual-wielding will look.
We can't accept monetary donations of any kind. I would love to accept Bitcoin, Ether, Litecoin, etc. but those would definitely fall under donations. Maybe a few years ago when coins were a bit more under the radar would Microsoft possibly allow it, but with the recent price surges and news coverage I don't think it would even be worth asking them.

At the end of the day, Installation 01 is a labor of love. I think it works out better that way anyways.
Same scores here on both of those :P

Also nice username.
I really liked Scout from H3. The Reach one is cool too but H3's was better.
His
Done!
I second this. A Google Play Music link would be great.
Any love for some synthwave?

Scandroid by Scandroid.

GUNSHIP by GUNSHIP.

Dreamrider by Lazerhawk.

No bad songs on any of these!
I never said the world isn't based on aesthetics, not sure how that's even relevant. Your analogy doesn't make sense either. You're not rearranging parts of your face (as far as I know). You're putting something on top of it, or in your own words "covering." It would be the equivalent of spray painting flowers a different color. That would make it hiding, even if you don't feel like it is.


As for your question, the answer is the word authentic itself. The first definition on Google is "of undisputed origin; genuine." Considering we're disputing it right now I can safely say *by definition* makeup isn't authentic.
You only half addressed my question. If it's still you either way, it shouldn't make a difference whether you wear it or not. But there is a difference, since if you hide the things you don't like about yourself under layers of something else you consider that your "peak" or "best." Makeup is a temporary solution to a permanent problem. I think the world would be a better place if we loved ourselves and didn't feel the need to hide.
Why not feel good about just being yourself then?

Edit: Apparently good self-esteem is frowned upon on Reddit? That seems silly.
Most if not all of our shaders are made by our lead programmer :)
It actually feels like you're riding on dreams
I think you'd like the song Monochrome by Scandroid
I feel like it's just easy put up a front and get distracted
Oh wow I thought it was just me and my battery is dying or something. I'm still on 6.0 but I get exactly what you described at around 25-30%
Hotline Miami
The second one was great before the fluff. Then they started adding new characters and it snowballed from there unfortunately :(

&nbsp;

Loot boxes, skins, the card system, etc.
He's in med school I believe.
They did a similar thing with Baby Driver earlier this year when they released the opening chase sequence
My dad moved to Vegas for that very reason haha. We're originally from San Bernardino county so it's actually amazing that crossing a single imaginary county-line makes so much of a difference.
I'm also a Brayden. Never got Dan before, that's a new one.
"Family size" is a double whammy lol
I don't think it's possible or else he would have already had an off switch on all of the other replicant models. They aren't robots.
The shot being loud is the point. It isn't supposed to be elegant, it's brutal.

And no, replicants don't have an off switch. That is why blade runners exist in the first place, they have to be hunted down and killed.
It wouldn't have the same emotional impact if they didn't shoot her.
100% yes. I did my second viewing in the fancy AMC Dolby one and brought six other people because I loved it so much the first time.
I'm in the same boat. Drive has been my all-time favorite movie for years now but I think 2049 might have overthrown it. I'm seeing it a second time to confirm...
Oh God I'm so lonely 
Anoun is Americaun
Embryo y'all
That is a nice train.
I would actually prefer it be more like Reach, but instead it's a focus on 2/3 with just a few elements from Reach (Like the DMR)
What dashcam is this? That's some high quality footage.
Because ouf thue colour
I just wish the web version was cheaper :(
I love Montserrat but can't stand the capital G. Gotham does it better IMO.


I just wish Gotham was free :( 
:')
Both :D
I think they kinda dropped off after Youthanasia IMO. They went from great (and even legendary) albums to a few great songs here and there on some good/okay albums. 

Endgame and Dystopia were awesome so I'm hopeful for whatever's next.
Monero is more geared towards CPUs than GPUs like other coins which is why they chose it. So while it is inefficient it's not *that* inefficient.
My initials are B.S....
I thought Gretchen Ross was really cool.
Steven Suptic for me
That sounds about right. I bought it when it was 1.0.0
They would have to override default OS scrollbars, or make a permanent scrollbar track on the side. One is impossible the other is ugly.
As a web developer I have to fully blame Windows on this one. On Linux and macOS the scroll bar is an overlay, so it doesn't actually take up width on the page. On Windows it does. Extremely infuriating, I wish Windows would use an overlay.
Same thing happened to me. I had to go here to opt back in https://www.youtube.com/new
I'm with these other guys. Been using it for at least a couple months now, and I think it's great.
Every action has an equal and opposite reaction
Southern California... Most people are back in school and it's 105F 
Electron Cash, the fork of Electrum, seems to work pretty well.
I can't speak for the entire team, and Installation 01 is not affiliated with any other fan projects or mods, nor do we endorse any of them officially. This is just my personal opinion.

&nbsp;

I really enjoy all of the Halo PC projects and think it's awesome that there are so many people dedicated to this series. I've been in the Halo PC community since 2010 (starting with modding CE) and I have made friends on pretty much every team there is. It feels like everyone knows everyone. One cool thing is that we can look at what some other teams are doing and say "hey, that's pretty good" and add/remix it or on the flip-side learn from other people's mistakes and missteps. 

&nbsp;

As with anything, there's always the risk of over saturation but with Halo I feel like you can never really get enough. I think having so many different projects creates a huge variety of Halo to choose from, kinda like matchmaking playlists. Some will have more players than others but no matter what, you can always play the kind of game you want to play. 

&nbsp;


Also one major difference between Installation 01 and pretty much every other project I've seen is that we're on all platforms. 99% of other projects seem to be Windows exclusive. We hot Linux (and macOS to a less extent :P) boys and girls need some love too. That really sets Installation 01 apart in my book. Along with having some communication with Microsoft, that's nice too.

&nbsp;

**TL;DR** I'll be playing pretty much every other project/mod because Halo and its PC community is awesome.


&nbsp;

<3 TheFeelTrain

^Community ^Manager ^& ^Lead ^Systems ^Engineer
It's in order of how it's spoken. For example August 23rd is 08/23.

Makes sense to me.
Same here. I can do it in a smoother motion than she did.
This is not my beautiful house!
Kavinsky! Good taste :)
Spacebar works just fine for me.
Look at your keyboard ;-;
At this point I barely experience feelings at all.

My username is horribly ironic.
Not that it'll be available any time soon, but Android O has a [white drop down](http://cdn04.androidauthority.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/Android-O-developer-preview-3-notifications.jpg) now :D 
I have AT&T who are supposed to be terrible but I get 1Gbps for $80/mo here. And there isn't even Google Fiber or any other competition in my area.
Have you looked at the DynamoDB marshaller? I'm not sure I understand your question but it might be what you need.
It's still Wednesday for another 5 hours on the West Coast.

I mean me too thanks.
1. PHP and a little bit of Node.js for certain things. We also use Amazon DynamoDB and RDS for databases. For object storage we're going to use either S3, B2, or whatever DigitalOcean puts out. We're still waiting on them so we can compare pricing.

2. Nope, I like to do everything from scratch. All of it is just me editing files. I even write the weekly updates in straight HTML just because I don't feel like adding a editing system when I don't need to.

3. I've been doing web development for 8 years now, and I've taken the time to learn the base languages instead of frameworks. Ends up being more beneficial in the long run. You have to learn to solve specific problems that might have been otherwise solved for you in a framework.

4. It was my idea to try the Unity web viewer, but was ultimately created by Luke. He didn't have any trouble making it, just imported the models, animations, and customization code from the main game. After that I added it to the page and hooked up the database so it loads the correct armors/colors. We're actually looking into switching to a three.js implementation because it would load much, much faster. I believe the Unity viewer is around 40MB. It was never really meant for this kind of thing, was just the easiest to transfer over from the game.

5. No, there are no plans for a full native app because the cost of an iOS developer license is too high, and requires a Mac. We could do an Android one but I feel like that isn't fair. As for the PWA, probably at some point. Right now I'm still adding pages and functionality that needs to be there. But adding the web app features isn't very difficult. I think you can actually already add the page as an app anyways.

6. I open the file and write code using Atom. Then test it in our development environment, and if it's good to go I commit the changes to the repo and upload the files to the main site with Filezilla. Pretty standard stuff, really.

7. You can submit an application [here](https://installation01.org/development/jobs). But I can tell you I don't really need any help right now. We are, however, always looking for more programmers for the actual game so if you think your .NET knowledge could transfer over into regular C# I'd give it a shot.
 
There are dozens of us. Dozens!
This cover runs into the same problem that Gary Jules' cover of Mad World does: it misses the point. While they're still beautiful in their own right, the originals were upbeat music mixed with much deeper, sadder lyrics. They're ironic, not meant to have the actual sad tone.
Burninating the Flash Player.
I don't understand what you're trying to say. All I said/meant is the title should be either "Anon Has an Android Phone" or "Anon uses Android" instead of "Anon Has an Android."
I didn't say anything about the phone manufacturer...
I think you're reading way too hard into it. I was just letting him know.
Entitled to what? That doesn't even make sense.
Yes. What's wrong with correcting a common misconception?
An Android phone. Not "an Android." Android is an operating system. That's like calling an iPhone an iOS.

Also repost.
/r/HaloOnline
Will Wolves have Bean memes?
D-d-devil behind the wheel
RIP :(
It was out patient! I didn't even need my pain meds either. Much better going out than getting put in haha
Are you me? I've never weighed more than 132lbs and that was when I was trying my best to gain weight.
I just had the bar removed in March, and [I kept it](http://i.imgur.com/mjQZsQK.jpg).
I just never take my shirt off :')
I have it too, and just got the metal removed in March. Feels great once it's out, I could never quite lay down comfortably.
Out of 80. A normal score is between 30 and 40.
Lack of empathy is a common INTP thing. There's definitely more to it than that though.  

Edit: Somehow "definitely" became "personality disorder." I have no idea how.
I've suspected I'm on the spectrum somewhere but my mom had me tested as a kid and I've never been diagnosed. I know INTPs tend to lack empathy but I definitely was not expecting a 5. Yikes is right.
Well at least you got to the girlfriend part. I told a girl while we were still friends and she got more and more distant after that.


Also RIP Chris Cornell.
And here I am over here wishing somebody told me I'd be a good husband and make a girl happy...
Or LASER or AWOL?
More examples are LASER and SCUBA.

LASER: Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation

SCUBA: Self-Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus

It's layzer not lahzer, and scoobuh not scuhbuh.
That's what I always say
There are dozens of us. Dozens!
Does 

    target="_null" 

have the same vulnerability?    
When using graphics cards people usually aren't mining Bitcoin.

 - AMD cards are really good for Ethereum.
 - Nvidia cards are really good for ZCash.

Then you convert it into Bitcoin and/or USD. So the actual Bitcoin cap is not an issue. Even so, the miners still get paid fees even once all of Bitcoin is mined.
I have a 980Ti and managed to get a GTX 770 from a buddy for free. Getting around 550 Sol/s which is pretty nice since I'm on solar and we pay almost nothing for electricity.
Bitcoin halved last year and then went from $450 to $3000 peak so I wouldn't worry about if you believe that trend will continue. (I do!)
Love Terminator as well xD

Just wondering if you knew the song too...
/r/CrappyDesign 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONKi2S6YBSU ;)
Kavinsky hell yeah. Ever listened to GUNSHIP?
Nobody expects the Gay Inquisition!
I agree, but majority could be anywhere from 50.01% to 100%. When it's something this high you'll only look like a fool that 3.5% of the time, statistically.
They're obviously both coders.
Maybe OP coded his own aimbot
Only like 3.5% of the population is LGBT, it's perfectly fair to assume everything is in that 96.5% until proven otherwise.
Source is LinusTechTips: https://twitter.com/LinusTech/status/878721967599214593
figuratively*
Vulkan: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vulkan_(API)#Compatibility

Supports all cards that support OpenGL 4.X, which means from the HD 5000 series and GeForce 400 series, both from 2010. Some them do not have drivers, though, even in they can theoretically support the API.

&nbsp;

DirectX 12 AMD: http://www.amd.com/en-us/innovations/software-technologies/directx12

Only the HD 77XX and above from 2012.

&nbsp;

DirectX 12 Nvidia: http://www.geforce.com/hardware/technology/dx12/supported-gpus

Nvidia actually goes back all the way to the 400 series, even with drivers it looks like.

&nbsp; 

You also have to remember DX12 only runs on Windows 10. Linux, Mac, Windows 8 (and below) can't run it either.
Vulkan is supported on more cards than DX12 is
All aboard ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
choo choo
French toast ;)
It is still up for discussion. We definitely need to do smaller scale testing and then start slowly scaling up to make sure everything works before going all-out. You'll know as we get closer.
I'm surprised this never got answered. 

1. Invasion will exist in some capacity, but expect something a bit different than what was in Reach. We're working on something really cool.

2. Definitely. The people who make that content might even be brought onto the team under the right circumstances. We won't be officially supporting mods due to the copyright implications, but original stuff will be great to see and Unity is already a very moddable engine.
That's why I really enjoy the AUR for Arch. Everything all in one place, official or not. No PPAs or any of that.
In this case Arch does have an official PHP (7.1!) package, though.

    pacman -S php
Oddly enough Visual Studio Code is multi-platform.
[GUNSHIP](https://gunshipmusic.bandcamp.com/releases)
My 4930K does circles around the 7700K
You pay per GB but you can use as much as you want.
This is gold
Exist
[Halo games.](http://i.imgur.com/MCOBNkq.jpg)

&nbsp;

Here's what I have right now:

 - Halo CE
 - Halo CE + GOTY Sticker
 - Halo CE Platinum Hits
 - Halo 2
 - Halo 2 Limited Edition
 - Halo 2 Platinum Hits
 - Halo 2 Multiplayer Map Pack
 - Halo 3
 - Halo 3 Limited Edition
 - Halo 3 Platinum Hits
 - Halo Wars
 - Halo Wars Limited Edition
 - Halo Wars Platinum Hits
 - Halo 3 ODST
 - Halo 3 ODST Platinum Hits
 - Halo Reach
 - Halo Reach Platinum Hits
 - Halo Anniversary

&nbsp;

Going to get Halo Reach Legendary Edtion and the Japanese Halo History Pack next. And maybe one day the fabled Halo Triple Pack.
Glad to see you're still name-calling. Very professional.
You'll be receiving an email from @installation01.org within the next couple days. Check your spam if you don't see it, they sometimes get sent there.
I agree a mod is not the same thing as a game. That's not what my point is. ElDewrito uses game content and is a fan project just like Installation 01, and Microsoft hasn't taken it down in 2 years. They've set the precedent.
A modification for a game you have to pirate to play, adds ripped content from Halo 3 ODST, and copies exact gameplay features of the other Halo games is perfectly okay to you? But not a completely original work?
ElDewrito has been out for 2 years. Try again.
I'm a professional web developer. Doesn't mean everything I say is the end-all statement for all of web development.
I would love to hear why this is wrong. The page very clearly explains what the terms are and explicitly grants a limited license without liability. 

&nbsp;

**Edit:** I am open to changing my mind if you were to explain yourself, but your comment history shows you never seem to be able to. 

 - [Example 1](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/126963355473674240/317907132060008448/Screenshot_20170526-230911.png) 
 - [Example 2](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/126963355473674240/317907406992572416/Screenshot_20170526-231025.png)

&nbsp;

**Edit 2:**

 - [You also left this guy hanging](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/126963355473674240/317919571766018048/Screenshot_20170526-235728.png)
 - [And this guy](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/126963355473674240/317919572810530826/Screenshot_20170526-235539.png)
 - [And even made personal attacks](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/126963355473674240/317919572252426240/Screenshot_20170526-235627.png)
I don't care. He just claimed that this was not exactly what it is. It does say the license can be revoked at any time, but it also says without liability.  

"We can revoke this limited-use license at any time and for any reason **without liability to you**"
The page is literally called "Permissions" and the Content Usage Rules specifically state they are granting a license.  

"on the condition that you follow the rules below ("Rules"), Microsoft **grants you** a personal, non-exclusive, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable, revocable, **limited license** for you to use and display Game Content and to create derivative works based upon Game Content, strictly for your personal, noncommercial (except as specifically provided below) use." 
If you had clicked on those links you would know that is a direct quote from this page: 

https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/copyright/default.aspx

Not from me. I have not presented a single legal opinion in this entire conversation.

https://i.gyazo.com/ee4e5e7f0c1483bcb5dd59c737a2ce40.png
I have not given any legal advice. I have simply linked Microsoft's legal policies.
I'm not linking to fair use, I am linking to Microsoft's legal policies.

This is /r/iamverysmart material.
That would make sense if I were referencing Wikipedia pages, or were even stating an opinion at all. But these are straight from Microsoft.com. You cannot get any better information than from the copyright holder themselves.
Ok I'm going to ask you one really important question, it's not meant to sound rude, but it's going to be and this first sentence won't get me out of that because that's not how that works.

Are you capable of reading the English language? If the answer is yes, you are lying to yourself because Microsoft clearly states their terms in regards to legality.

Listening to one attorney who enjoys fear mongering is not the same as an objective truth that applies to every situation. I linked to Microsoft themselves (the company that will supposedly sue i01), and it is very clear what their 
exact stance is.

Also deeming an opinion meaningless because someone is not a professional is downright naive. As is accepting something as true just because they are one.
- Project Contingency has been around for 5 years
- Installation 01 has been around for 3 years
- ElDewrito has been around for 2 years

If Microsoft is sending out C&Ds to fan games they sure are doing a terrible job. IP/copyright law is only applicable if the company is going to enforce it, like Nintendo does. In this case Microsoft is a bro.

&nbsp;

Edit: These links should help clear things up as well 

 - https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/permissions
 - https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/copyright/default.aspx

From the second link, "However, even copyright-protected works can be lawfully used without permission from the copyright holder in certain circumstances. The Wikipedia entry on copyright law contains a useful overview of copyright law, including fair use and other exceptions to copyright law."
I always see a bunch of comments saying this, but really it wouldn't make a lot of sense. 

&nbsp;

 - Project Contingency has been around for at least 5 years, no C&D
 - Installation 01 has been around for close to 3 years, no C&D
 - Glassed has been around for 2-ish years, no C&D

&nbsp;

Now you may think that's because they're not released yet, but then what about ElDewrito? The entire game is a leaked build of Halo Online and has been out for 2 years now. Still running with a huge update in the works. If Microsoft was against Halo fan projects they would have already taken action.
Yup Linux builds run decently. Also I develop the launcher on Linux
If that were true, ElDewrito would have been C&D'd 2 years ago. It's still going.
We can already look at the past for how this is going to go, though. ElDewrito is literally a leaked build of Halo Online and Microsoft has yet to C&D it in the 2 years it's been around. 
Microsoft hasn't shutdown ElDewrito or Project Cartographer yet, and both of those are actually out. ElDewrito's just hit its 2 year anniversary in fact.  
My favorite movie!
He got the tail end of a car in his face because people from out of state don't understand how to drive here
That's pretty normal here, yeah.
Normal freeway speed in California is 80-85. He's not really doing anything wrong.
80 is normal speed here in California. You'll probably get passed by people going 85-90 as well.
It's the HOV lane, it is always faster than the rest of traffic.
I live in California and normal freeway speed is 80-85 here. I've been passed by police when going 80.
I'm pushing for chocolate chip but I'll settle for homestyle with butter
I'm sure we'll be able to get them back when rooted. At least I hope so
I've always liked Twitter's too. They're used in Discord.
http://emojipedia.org/twitter/
Bungie would get the 7th title
Came for Anna, stayed for Anna and Sam
It's meant to stay in the bottom right. I'll have to fix that.
I designed the interface
I work on both and will play both. Totally different games with different goals.
You can find it here https://github.com/TheOrionTrain/Cemu-UI 

Orion keeps the actual executable under wraps but the interface design itself is open source.
I did make it lmao
Eh, I've seen better.
You like Huey Lewis and the News?
Up to 10.6 BTC now. $18,000 USD.
[My 4930k is a beast as well](http://i.imgur.com/EdixWlW.png)
Having to schedule my own dentist appointment
GLaDOS


Bungie and the original Halo games from the 2000s
Web development, pretty much by accident. Been a hobby since the 4th grade for me after a teacher did a single one-off lesson on HTML.
Deference for Darkness - Marty O'Donnell
Ninja
Anything that isn't Brayden...
Mr. Right with Sam Rockwell and Anna Kendrick. How could you not love them?
11 comments and my name is in here. What are the odds? You're also correct.
Star Wars. First movie in 12 years and it makes $2 billion
Where do we go now?
Yes
SHE
Oh ah ah ah ah
Deference for Darkness - Marty O'Donnell
Weapon and view FOV are customizable separately
Marco's over here in the west. Nevada/California at least.
Same (Verizon)
This data isn't really beautiful.  It's gray bars on a white background :/

From the sidebar: "Aesthetics are an important part of information visualization..."
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Eileen always brings the jokes.
I'm assuming by hardware you mean the graphics API. Yes, we will be using Vulkan on Linux and Mac. For Windows it's still up in the air.
Yep, we're bringing it back from the usage in Bungie's Marathon and Myth way back in the day. If you look hard enough, you'll actually find a lot of references to early 2000s Bungie on the website.

&nbsp;

Also, we run on Bean Time.
* Movement is the same as the classic games, should feel very familiar. There's a slight speed increase, though. Imagine you're playing at 105-110% speed.
* All of the weapons are projectile-based, not hit scan.
* I don't believe we have health at all, but don't quote me on that.
* It's up in the air currently.
* Gametype settings will at least be as extensive as the previous games, if not more.
* Bloom isn't on any weapons as of right now, the reticle animation is purely visual. There is just a static bullet spread set for each weapon.
* Yes, unless it needs balancing for PC. Mouse&keyboard changes the game significantly in terms of gun play.
Forums were planned, but now as we're seeing how well Discord and Reddit work, we don't think they're necessary. Look at Bungie's own forums, they're nowhere near as popular as the Destiny subreddit. 

It makes more sense to dedicate time to other aspects of the game rather than one that can be taken care of for us :)
He's been trained in the Jedi arts by Count Dooku
Hehe
Assassinations will be in the game :)
BLOCKBUSTER
Thank you!
There are a couple more remakes planned in the near future, but for now we are focusing on finishing up the maps you have already seen in videos
I know but it says "all eras" which is really a lie
I doubt it will have the old republic era :(
I can confirm the death screams. They sound just like the classic games :)
We were planning on it, but if you take a closer look you'll realize it's not really necessary. Take a look at Bungie's forums themselves. The subreddit for Destiny is way more populated. I think great services already exist (Discord, Reddit, etc.) and there's no reason to invent (and pay for) the wheel.
Looking into it. It is infinitely more difficult to add different account methods since we have been using Google from the start. A lot of things are built around the Google token system.
It is comparable to the original Vidmaster "7 on 7" achievement. You must get 117 in standard matchmaking over the course of that day. The day will be in any timezone though, so as long as it's the 7th somewhere in the world, it will still count.
The difference between me, and say some random player getting a Halo tattoo, is that I'm actually *working* on Halo games. ElDewrito was my first large-scale development project and now I'm working on Installation 01. Halo has shaped not only my childhood, but possibly my career. That is something worth remembering. I can always look back and see what got me started in the game industry.
[It's just this one found on Google images](https://ih1.redbubble.net/image.180329935.0722/flat,800x800,075,f.jpg)
$400, which I think was a fair price for how well it turned out. 
*Incoherent mumbling about bungie jumping, space cheerios, and illegal aliens*
Yeah I saw yours on Discord before, remember? xD
I heard the new DOOM can actually run faster under Wine on Vulkan in the right circumstances
Because my mom refuses to switch and it's cheaper to stay on the family plan than go alone on TMobile.
Exactly. I would buy a 3T or a 4 (when it comes out) in a heartbeat if it would work on Verizon.
Probably an EC2 nano instance. Not sure why he would be using that in prod at that scale, though.
Favorite story: Halo 2

Favorite multiplayer: Halo Reach

Favorite music: Halo 3 ODST

;)
/u/iProtiige is working on it :)
You rang?
It's a possibility after multiplayer is completely finished.
Both of those are true already :)
You will have your emblem on your shoulder, that's about it. Keeping it clean.
Happy birthday ED! :')
Still love mine too, but will probably jumping to OnePlus when I feel like upgrading. Lenovo just doesn't do it for me.
1. I don't know if I'm allowed to say which maps we're currently working on, but we do have plenty of remakes and originals planned. The Q&A is already showing off the upcoming original Glacious map.

2. Map layouts and blueprints can be designed by anyone on the team, and it's usually the guys who have made them in the past for Custom Edition or other games since they have the experience.

3. One map probably takes anywhere from 1-2 months to completely finish. We have a dedicated group of playtesters that play each iteration of the map to see what feels right and what doesn't so we can adjust things. Obviously none of them are going to be perfect, and we will be pulling statistics from future closed tests and alphas to better understand how the maps playout. Right now there's a much larger focus on just making sure core gameplay feels fun and familiar.

Honestly it will be whatever we can implement with the systems we have in place. ELO would be a lot easier on us, but TrueSkill or even a custom system of some kind isn't out of the question.
Done. Issue with a configuration that changed on me when it launched.
I'm not allowed to go into detail but I can safely say that won't be an issue.
TheChunkierBean is the one who said that, I am really pissed because he meant to say Linux. I can confirm it does indeed run, see my above comment.
Not necessarily toxic, just really unorganized. I can safely say Installation 01 is the exact opposite in that regard. Funny I ended up on both teams.
I am a developer, I have already played it on Linux. Runs pretty decent on OpenGL, and once Unity 5.6 comes out (March 31st!) we will be switching over to Vulkan so it'll only get better. Will probably end up running better on Linux than on Windows haha
So the chopper? XD
I use and love Atom. Visual Studio Code is also built on Electron so it would fall under the same umbrella. Hard drives are huge these days I don't really think using a huge amount of space is a big deal 
We have some awesome ideas for the brute vehicles! I'd love to see the spectre too, been missing it since H2. Right now the focus is getting more of the core gameplay down but you should see pretty much every classic vehicle return
Figured out how to turn that off now, oops. Whoever ran the sub before left it on
RabidSquabbit, Medsouz (Lead ElDewrito Developer lmao), and Orion are all also part of the team. Not just me. But I did do the sick website https://installation01.org
Love me some good tracks
I think the easiest way to counter that would to just make sure that the longer range weapons have fast enough projectiles.
Marcus Lehto told us we were doing a good job on Twitter :D
And so is the quest for world domination...
That is intentional, yes.
When you can buy something like the OnePlus 3T for $480 and an iPhone 7 Plus is $870 (Both 128GB versions) I think it's perfectly fair to hate on that purchase considering it's just as good if not better of a phone for almost half the price...
I don't know why it's closed source, you'd have to ask /u/TheChunkierBean
[Website coming soon™](https://installation01.org) (March 24th if all goes to plan). And unfortunately it is not open source. Can't have everything I guess :/
I don't think it is right now but I can probably make that happen. I know quite a few guys on the team like the feel of CE, so maybe we'll add a CE magnum variant ;)
Hi! Glad you're interested in the game. Unfortunately single player is not planned anytime soon as we're completing multiplayer first. After that we will probably move onto something more simple like firefight, as writing compelling stories, especially ones that fit within the Halo lore, is extremely difficult. Single player isn't out of the question though.
It will not be a problem for the foreseeable future ;)
See my previous comment.
We are following Microsoft's content usage rules completely. Everything is made from scratch.
I'm a developer on the project. It's in pre-alpha. A lot of what you're looking at has been added in the past month or so. 
It's still pre-alpha, a lot will get smoothed out as time goes on. And part of what you're seeing is high pings. I was in these games, some people had 200-300ms ping just because we had players from North/South America, Europe, and Australia all in a single game.
There will be a full set of maps, and it will be released through our own website but that can change depending on the circumstances.
The userbase isn't exploding lol. And myself and many other people are working on both projects simultaneously
A lot of the devs from ED (including myself) are on board with Installation 01
Combination of both P2P and dedicated servers.
Heart.exe has stopped working. What now?
Yeah, it's pretty much just pandering.

Edit: These downvotes just prove my point. It's pandering to a specific political demographic and anyone who doesn't agree these things should be shoehorned into games can go fuck themselves apparently.
Damn, that's what I suspected as well. Was hoping someone would prove me wrong.
:D
It's pretty fun xD
Much better than X-Men: Origins, that's for sure
Same here
Username checks out
Agreed.
In addition to the other comment, I've had it break a few times where the mpv, ffmpeg, and svp packages get out of sync with each other. Usually gets fixed within a couple of days by the maintainers.
Mmmm
I always thought feelings hit like a train, hence my username 
Her name's Elyse
Your parents must be proud
I wish that was the case for me
Brayden isn't an obnoxious spelling it's phonetically correct :(

Unlike Braden. Fuck Braden

Gretchen Ross is really cool
Not so anonymous anymore now. -Also Brayden
Brayden is okay though ^^^right ^^^guys?
The only time this has happened for me is with printer drivers
...to the repo.
Whitehat

 like the hackers
let true = false;
I hate it when workers don't wash their hands before touching my pizza
2meirl4meirl
It's actually ECMAScript 
Out with your sequel meme
Hey I have a 980 Ti and it performs within 2% either side of a 1070 so there's that
The 970 and 1060 perform identically. Save your money.
A GTX 1070 for 1080p60 is way overkill. A 1060, even the 3GB one, would work for much cheaper.
I use Arch for web development ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Can't wait for a new cover from /u/DH90 
I don't know about first but there should eventually be a Mos Eisley
It'll be our personal responsibility to prevent that from happening 
"Minimal" 

with 3000+ packages
Source? Can't seem to find anything when searching
Green eyes and pale skin
That's why I done went and painted my car purple
MSI Gaming 6G gets around 1450 as well
Same with Melee vs Brawl. Melee still looks great, Brawl just doesn't hold up
31C core max :o
0:38 on my i7 3960X @ 4.5GHz on Arch Linux
It should just be Darth Plagueis the Wise it doesn't need tragedy of... 
That doesn't magically change when you're a dude. I'm weak as shit
You're not missing much
Yes :D
I actually can. Have always been able to.
It's the Xposed module "Battery Home Icon", it turns the icon into a circular battery percentage indicator. 
I live about 10 minutes from their warehouse so I go pick up my order for free :D
You must be using it wrong then
Also trying to hit a power target
Angular sex stuff? JavaScript libraries are getting too weird for me
Classic Don!
At least I'm not anxious I guess http://i.imgur.com/cMTMDKx.png 
I'm on a 3960X @ 4.7Ghz I got on eBay for $200. Still maxes out games easily. Sandy Bridge-E is great too
It's a known issue with dedicated servers. I don't think there's a fix for it yet.
Hey, that's pretty good.
/u/Shadowfita ?
I doubt it's possible but I may be wrong
They look like cross between 2015-17's and 2014's. I think it looks a bit better but I still prefer 05-09. 
Sorry! Flagged it.
Especially with [Google's new WebP format](https://developers.google.com/speed/webp/gallery1) for the web.
Windows Project Neon as well
It's still on par with the $400 1070
I got my 980 Ti for $300 on eBay o.O
I'm here too :)
That's the most depressing part of them all
I agree
Choo choo all aboard
Yes.
Sounds good to me.
Guitar Hero
An i7-6900k
Where did you get your "They Live" shirt I've seen a few times? 
I like metal, especially hair and thrash like Megadeth and Dokken. However I also enjoy New Wave like The Cure, Depeche Mode, New Order, etc. Pretty much anything between 1975 and 2005 honesty. I'm really big on 80s and 90s but have been branching out a little more recently.  
Megadeth is my favorite.
Maybe.
This thread has only made me question whether I'm really an INTP or not .-.
There's usually around 50 players and a dozen or so servers. It varies by day of the week and time of day.
You can check the server browser for current players (http://scooterpsu.github.io). It's a little dead right now but there's usually at least 50 or so players
The servers aren't in Russia... 

and yes there are Australia servers up sometimes
Me too thanks
There's 46 players on now, hop in.
TM
There used to be a lyrics option when you clicked the three dots in the bottom of the player, but it seems they removed it awhile ago.
Û/10 with rice 
Although I haven't tested it, you should be able to add custom resolutions in the nvidia control panel and just use that.
I recommend that nicely themed menu ;)
Halo Anniversary? Halo 2 Anniversary? The Master Chief Collection? Halo Online? 

&nbsp;

Edit: I thought you meant actually touch as in change the originals, oops.
Same for San Bernardino county really.
“A wise man once said that efficiency is just intelligent laziness. But I once said that feet are just shit hands.”
I have a good group of guys I consistently play games with and even though they have become my only friends it's like a long distance relationship, it's not the same.
1/10 how do I buff social and emotional skills
Well, my so-called "friends" have completely abandoned me. I've been meaning to delete Snapchat, but now I actually have because yesterday I saw them having a movie night together (I love movies and used to be invited to these) and now I saw today they decorated for Christmas together as a "family" without me. So that's great. I just deleted Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook and blocked the sites in my DNS. I never liked social media anyways. But I did like my friends, which I guess they never did me. I never really have been good with people though, only computers. I have been really busy starting college, and have had to skip hanging out sometimes, but that's no reason to not invite me to things. 

Speaking of college, I have several essays, an 8 page research paper, and 2 presentations in a few hours. I'm staying up all night now to them, which doesn't really matter because I was already so depressed that I've had insomnia for weeks. I don't really care for college either it's just all stress and no reward. School has never been my thing and the web development field doesn't even need a degree I feel like I'm just wasting my time and my parents' money. I'm constantly exhausted but also can't sleep. I barely eat anything anymore either. I'm down to like half a meal a day and I'm pretty sure I only weigh 120 lbs at 6'. I don't enjoy existing. I wish I could kill myself but I'm in the same boat as you I keep thinking about what my dad would think. I don't know what you could say to me to make anything better. Probably nothing.
Only if it lasts more than 4 hours
If they're not as efficient as robots they'll be replaced by robots.
I don't think women of childbearing age are useless employees, I think that employees who aren't actually working are useless employees. And you're missing the point here. I agree with this whole block

> If you want to attract and retain talent, quit treating your employees like the enemy. You're no better or worse than your employees, and if you treat them right, they will help you achieve your goals. The golden rule: do unto others as you would have them do unto you.

but that doesn't mean it should be a legal requirement. We have a choice in who we work for just like employers have a choice in how they treat their employees.
Right now I have the freedom to choose whether or not to offer maternity leave. All I'm saying is that it shouldn't be mandatory. The law is not there to set morals or prevent people from doing things that you don't like.
Being an asshole is deciding to have a child and requiring your employer to pay for your personal choice. Why can't someone save up money before having a child and then use that? If it's such a small percentage like you say?
I never said life was all about being competitive. But I also didn't make the distinction between the right to be able to work and being entitled to a job. We have free choice of employment it doesn't mean you're automatically hired wherever you apply to, that's all I meant by that. So you got me there.

&nbsp;

Article 25 (2) however is very interesting to me. Most of the time a woman is making a conscious decision to have a child, whether it be choosing to conceive the child in the first place or not abort it if it wasn't planned. Why should they get special treatment for this? Especially getting paid by their employer to raise their child and not do their job?

&nbsp;

Besides, if maternity leave was a requirement businesses just wouldn't hire women between 20-40. I know I wouldn't. It wouldn't make sense economically to.
It's not impossible but probably not.
Do other dedicated servers work? I know quite a few people including myself aren't able to join any of them.
Is it the dedicated servers? A lot of people have issues with the dedicated servers.
Youthanasia and Dystopia too!
Since when is getting paid to not do your job a basic human right? A job itself isn't a basic human right.
It's really hard for us to perceive a girl as creepy...
It would still be the same with the comma, no? Should be a period.
It's a bug with dedicated servers I believe
I hope you like Christmas in April
What are the exact parts, and what is the CPU, GPU, and RAM usage while running the game?
MEW
You can already use those different backgrounds, but yeah that was planned and could still happen. Orion's plans were a little too ambitious though...
Soy un perdedor
A common argument against this is Genesis 1:28 "And God blessed them. And God said to them, 'Be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth and *subdue* it and have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the heavens and over every living thing that moves on the earth.'" Depends on how literally you take "subdue" I suppose.
Oh shit I better add this too
It's up to the server owners to ban them, not anything the developers can do.
Doesn't work with Wine, and even if it did it would run like garbage.  You have to either dual boot or virtualize unfortunately.
I can't speak for the others, but my menu has been completely overhauled.
Soon™
Whaaaaaaat? Here in California the cheapest is $2.49/gal
Fontana :(
Probably MSI. I have 980 Ti Gaming 6G which is pretty much the same and it is awesome.
For ~$960 USD ($1300 CAD) I built my system from deals I found on eBay. I max out games at 1440p no problem.

- Used Intel i7 3960X for $200
- Used Asus P9X79 for $200
- Used 16GB Corsair Vengeance DDR3 1866 RAM for $50
- Used MSI GTX 980 Ti Gaming 6G for $300
- New NZXT Source 210 case from Newegg for $40
- New Seagate Barracuda 1TB HDD from Newegg for $50
- New PNY 240GB SSD from Amazon for $60
- New Thermaltake Water 3.0 AIO Cooler from Amazon for $60

Not sure if Candian eBay is the same but in the US I've had a good experience.
Unfortunately no Linux servers :(
Yes, I use one and it works just fine. It use xinput just like the 360 controller.
Soon™
Soon™
What have you come to do again? I didn't quite catch it.
Click "Getting Started" in the sidebar
That's gonna be a looooong wait with the speed things go around here :')
Me too thanks
There are sometimes a couple of them.
Sounds good to me :D
There are no payments of any kind, it's all free.
Is there an error message?
Also OBS
It's a fairly even split and controllers still get aim assist. Play how you want to.
He already had such a good track record I feel like he could have been one of the greats :(

RIP Chekov, Charlie Bartlett, and Odd Thomas
No, but we should have the freedom to choose to be jerks or not. That doesn't change how you can view the person just how the law views the person.
A fair law would be to allow any employer to fire anyone for any reason, if even you don't agree with that reason. That's freedom.
If a law is the only thing stopping your boss from firing you for being gay, do you really want to be working for that person in the first place? Same with housing and medical care really.
People keep saying this, but I live in Fontana, CA where no Google Fiber was ever planned and have $70/mo no cap gigabit from AT&T. Never had any issues with them either.
Talk to my boy /u/Shadowfita he might be able to get something up if there aren't any
Just wait until 0.6 you'll love it even more ;)
Same here. There's a huge update to my menu that adds a shit ton of new stuff and overhauls the entire thing, but I also just started at university so I have no time to work on it anymore.
Nope. Windows only.
Welcome!

Just a heads up you have different options for server browsers in the sidebar that you can change with 

    Game.MenuURL "halo.thefeeltra.in" (or another URL)

in the console (~). Mine recreates the Halo Reach menu with more customization if you're into that sort of thing. There is also huge update that is going to be released alongside 0.6 later that adds some pretty cool things.
MAGA 12NWskruPkJCfzAtn9zt7DiNbApnopkAdU
It's the Moto thing that turns off the screen when it doesn't detect your eyes. I forgot what it's called but it's in the Moto app somewhere
I know that feel
I just snagged a 980 ti for $300 on ebay just the other day. Be patient and look around for some good deals and you can find them!
A Tout Le Monde - Megadeth
As someone named Brayden, I agree. I usually just go by my middle name instead
It was all I could afford :'(
$80/month for gigabit from them down here in Fontana. Google Fiber not planned here either so I'm not sure why we even have this. http://beta.speedtest.net/result/5499303170
A uboat
Thanks for the first time I was wondering if you have any questions about your experience with the new Sprint network from my android phone on T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy Nexus using Tapatalk HD and SD card slot for the first place I have been working on the other day and time for the next couple days of being able tofinish the best regards David
[Here's your gold star](https://youtu.be/pDCrv3ekKc8)
Google's Pixel advertising must be helping them out a lot. That's the first time I've seen someone not ask "iPhone or Galaxy?" completely unaware of other options...
White Lion's cover of Radar Love
I'm on 'em!
Came here to say this. Love me some Karl Urban and the premise was awesome. Too bad it never made it even halfway through a season :(
"A priest, a rapist, a pedophile, and a homosexual walks into a bar" works as its own joke
Too bad you're afraid of me :(
...oh
Asus has some good, inexpensive laptops
Was hoping to get one as my next upgrade, but it looks like I'm going to wait it out and hope the OnePlus 4 is decent.
Well, it is a US court case...
Samsung isn't your only option. There's also OnePlus, HTC, and Google's Nexus line and the upcoming Pixel line that are also pretty good options. You might want to see which is the best for your needs and what kind of experience you want.
What coal do I need for this infusion?
Usually they are running a Linux distro like Ubuntu, so not an exe. [DigitalOcean has a good tutorial on how to install it on Ubuntu.](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/questions/setup-teamspeak-server-ubuntu-15-04). 

I personally use Arch so it was as simple as typing
 
    pacaur -S teamspeak3-server    

**Edit: Don't use yaourt apparently**
That Train is the best CS:GO map. Everybody else hates it :(
Just repeating what I commented a bit below this.

> It's $15 for up to 6 people on the family plan and that includes Google Play Music (Basically Spotify and in some ways better) so it's a hell of a deal and definitely worth it IMO.


It's $15 for up to 6 people on the family plan and that includes Google Play Music (Basically Spotify and in some ways better) so it's a hell of a deal and definitely worth it IMO.
/r/HaloOnline
Let's go bowling
I just recently made the jump from a 3Mbps DSL connection I've had for over 15 years to 1Gbps fiber. It's so jarring to be jump to the opposite end of the spectrum but wow I am loving it.
Ambition, Rationality, Independence
You mean Google Wallet (2011)? Apple Pay came out in 2014.
THE LID
Hey, that's pretty good
Comic Sans
Well technically if it was say, only text, then it would produce the same result. Technically.
So on OpenGL it falls behind the 970 and 980, but on Vulkan it beats them. Interesting. It varies so wildly where it places. We can only hope most upcoming games start using Vulkan.
100% spot on
We've had test builds of 0.6 for months now lol
I have 350kb/s in California please send help
I wish it was like this in college. Instead it's the opposite :(
I think it's just cropped to the upper right of the screen.
It will either be the OnePlus 3 or the next Nexus for me. Leaning towards Nexus because of updates plus that unlimited full size photo storage 
You're back! I love your covers of Interstellar and especially Ocean Drive, I've been listening to them for awhile now. They're better than the originals IMO 
Kill it with fire. I like my Halo 3.
I love it 
7 months is long enough for a repost haha
[I actually suggested it here before :\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/INTP/comments/3pvo72/i_found_an_interesting_show/)
It seems like I would be able to do schoolwork while I'm just watching a room so I'd get paid to do schoolwork.
You mean Lego^® bricks
I'm a little behind because I'm rooted with Xposed and have to pull the updates from the XDA forums lol

But normally it's on 6.0.1 which I'm pretty sure is the latest version.
I actually love my Pure!
The Pirate Bay AFK is actually really interesting if you're into technology/torrents and things.
Lenovo
I don't have feelings so I named myself TheFeelTrain
Upvoted for Google Play Music. Best streaming service out there IMO
Honestly if I were you I would just sell the iPad and switch to an Android tablet. iOS was never meant to be an open platform for this sort of thing and it's not worth the extra trouble to stick with it imo.
*kinda* Halo 3 on PC over at /r/HaloOnline
Rust in Peace of course
I like trains.
I still don't understand why they're going with white and blue instead of blue and white. The white blends with the tweets and doesn't look very good IMO.
You have to have the menu running locally for it to work. 

If you want you can

- Download the [ZIP from GitHub](https://github.com/thefeeltrain/thefeeltrain.github.io) and unzip it. 
- Change your Menu.URL to the path (file://Users/Kylecrafts/Downloads/thefeeltrain.github.io/ probably) and it will be running locally.
- Grab the videos, which can be found at http://video.thefeeltra.in/video.zip. 
- Grab the music, which can be found at http://music.thefeeltra.in/music.zip. 
- You can use both music and videos, or just one if you want. Personally I only use videos locally because the music uses very little bandwidth
- Unzip video.zip and/or music.zip into the main directory
- Change setting to load backgrounds locally

We use it for testing while working on the menu since we already have the menu local.


Haha there's actually a lot of development going on it's just on a separate branch at the moment [;)](https://github.com/thefeeltrain/thefeeltrain.github.io/commits/matchmaking)
It's hard enough to be working on one menu, two would be absolutely insane. Maybe after Anvil is out and the menu is finalized, but that could be a year for all I know.
Need one to match my Reach menu ;)
Not me, but my best friend is in the top 32 players in the world for Killer Instinct on the Xbox! We still don't understand how be got so good
Unexpected Sabbath
Yeah, it looks like ~~about half~~ a good portion of them are. [Here's the list of possible lines](http://www.carbonpictures.com/pepper/beatpoemgenerator/lyrics.out)

One of the lines is literally "Hangar 18 I know too much."
/\
Haven't seen this one before /s
Based Notch
[The moon is CGI](https://youtu.be/eHp-ZEst4NE?t=372)
He drives.
Nostalgia :D
I changed it with inspect element to hide the real name :)
Figured out the gravity one
Look how many straight characters die all the time. Who cares?
Just got the surgery about a year ago. Still have this metal bar jammed inside my ribcage so that's fun
Mustangs, I hope.
Can confirm
What kind of nightmare could I be looking at? Not worth the trouble or would it be manageable?
I can play any Guitar Hero song on expert and get 98% or higher. It impresses some people but it also just proves how much time I've wasted on the game instead of real guitar.
Can confirm. Having staring eyes and get comments on it all the time. My favorite is "I don't think I've ever seen you blink" and it creeps most people out
Donnie Darko. How does one suck a fuck?
Let's hope something like that comes to my area. I have 3 down and 0.75 up to share between 5 people each with a computer and a phone.

You'd think in 2016 in California we'd have at least 25 or something.
You're*
All aboard the feel train 
Payday 2
I have a Google Play Music family plan so for $15/month 6 people get unlimited music and YouTube Red. I'd say that's a good deal.
Not exactly what I was looking for, but you're now my website's error page :D

http://thefeeltra.in/404
can confirm, servers went down because of bad code from this man
It's working now. No idea what happened there.
You can download this and put it into your halo online directory, it makes it fullscreen. https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/100840068/custom_menu.exe
You'll have to be running the menu locally as well. You can download it from the GitHub repo [here](https://github.com/thefeeltrain/thefeeltrain.github.io) by clicking on "Download ZIP". Then you have to

&nbsp;

1. Create a folder called music in the main folder
* Download the music you want from http://music.thefeeltra.in
* Make sure to keep the paths the same i.e. halo3/Menu Theme.ogg
* Change your Game.MenuURL to the file:// path of the folder
* Load music locally :D

&nbsp;

It's mainly there for us to test stuff since we have all of the source files. Use the same process for videos except you can get them from http://video.thefeeltra.in instead.
Paging /u/Shadowfita, he knows more than I do
Guy who drives a 1999 V6 Mustang checking in. Am huge douchebag.

I also like to think my car is just the right amount of shitty.
You can download this and put it into your halo online directory, it makes it fullscreen. That's as close as it'll get for now.
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/100840068/custom_menu.exe
Yeah, the plan was killed with devs leaving and various arguments (Typical ElDewrito). 

Anvil Online is looking up though ;)
I like the Mandalorian sticker
How has nobody said Drive yet? Amazing soundtrack and cinematography.
We're working on the no servers issue, sorry! :(
You know the one.
A bit of a github mishap... Fixed now.
The problem is fixed. All servers will show up now.
My menu is updated to support the new maps and the issue where some servers weren't showing up is fixed. :)
This is one of those times where you're actually serious.
http://halo.thefeeltra.in ;)
Seems to be back up again. Don't know how he would have hacked it considering it's hosted on Github's servers...
F
I don't know who runs eldewrito.me but the view counter on posts isn't unique so I can just spam F5 and give a post thousands of views which I did [here](https://eldewrito.me/topic/20/forum-rules-and-guidelines). If this is how the front end is set up, I can't imagine the back end being any better or this site being much harder to hack than the last one. 

Edit: Now the site's gone offline. Not off to a great start here, guys.

Edit2: It looks like it's possible for a single person to DDOS the website just by holding the F5 key. It can't handle that many requests at once and dies for a minute or so.
No slowdowns for me yet, I preorded the phone and have had it since before it was officially released (by 2 or 3 days, it shipped early). Rooted with Xposed on Marshmallow
I just found the fix for this recently. Go into accessibility settings and turn off Moto Voice. It doesn't actually disable Moto Voice, but it fixes the problem for whatever reason.
While this would be nice, I'm Silver 2 and just had a game where I went 56-8-18 because I just got lucky. I normally get rekt.

If this were in place I'd be bumped up way higher than I should be. In the current system it put me up to Silver 3

[Link to the game if you're interested](steam://rungame/730/76561202255233023/+csgo_download_match%20CSGO-2b2tF-kSFr4-9Gb2j-QF7XM-pmXML)
Haha but that browser window isn't. If you use it in-game it's fine.
Well it's definitely not light but it's not heavy either. I prefer mine medium. 

And it has more functionality than DewMenu so I'm not sure what you mean by that...
That's not a bug that's a feature.

&nbsp;

But seriously it's only meant for 16:9 I would have to redo the whole thing for it to be truly responsive. That is, if you're referring to the black area on the side there. As for being sluggish, it's not, really. Slower than DewMenu, yeah, but pretty smooth besides the background videos.
F
[I saw on Twitter](https://twitter.com/_emoose_/status/678366957104664576) emoose is leaving the dev team, how will this affect the Recode ETA and the future of ElDewrito in general? Wasn't he the lead developer?
I can do this as well, my cousin taught me. Easy way to start a conversation or make new friends when people show off weird talents
Drive with Ryan Gosling
no items
And I, feel train.
I don't remember that foursome...
Rust in Peace and Ride the Lightning are my go-to metal albums
http://explosm.net/rcg/LaboredApprovalStranger
THE KNEE IS UN-FAIR
Maybe he mains Jigglypuff and uses them bairs (back airs)
Winner of both singles and doubles. Amazing play Hungrybox!
I'm looking for this shirt Hungrybox is wearing but I can't seem to it find anywhere. Does anyone know if it's still available and where I can get it?

[The shirt in question](https://i.imgur.com/pJQXbe7.png)
What we need is a KOTOR first person made by Obsidian in the Creation Engine 

They made both KOTOR2 and New Vegas so it's not too far fetched.
I highly recommend http://halo.thefeeltra.in/ ;)

&nbsp;

Also http://halo.thefeeltra.in/?browser=1 takes you straight to the server browser


EDIT: You can also change the server browser to be smaller or in a list in the menu settings :)
35th haha she's a 99'
Yeah, you can kinda see them in that pic. I would take one of the side but I'm away from her for Thanksgiving week :c
I guess I can't link directly to a Google photo 

https://i.imgur.com/fZ60lYuh.jpg
[I guess I found my twin](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/D7zwFZhp_SoGL7HQ4R12r8PRVSpX6MihVbS7_pI5niJ4FYGEkaTM3JJfxaEI9A-e508eB4V3tHvY7fgg8waqft6knlQ10W8XpbCd_Utym5oyP-AHmcvNjDeX5olQBaoI0JH5j2r4_QY9ZhTnISg8Ff9mDn2TvXq5rhuaobZaEYi9WvAAIEWBsRkzOg2c3UFO147ixp68SCbgJhBq7sy0GcAldTi9SNMUoXEsAW2MaMsH5myLIbTaAzBZncoGXXhJyDl3DzaxjSoDgMYgjbqY0G1_0fBkzZhf6jE4vu9p3qsARQ8Gkx8vVenpB2e0qhqDUiqKTLCeaPVnXUjt3p8Gend9P_dxsB0NAPZc0UFg0ldODEMjgRPxpANtZ65dvFE_Mx1tA3vNrS67EK9lRndK_G8_ZjHR2QbrxgfZeFPV9Jz7quYW1T5h7ZsmwgUaSqmQIqBPkVdxEzJTTZvMs1PIpBidTqSQQMKVCR7F8EBg8cWw1vgeCeTqYz8v4lqGQlqAU4B1DQjJJUkQ7qMOE6L1G9qBDzKmy6-k65c0RmFMpdk=w1663-h935-no) 
Kickass torrents is pretty good

http://kat.cr/
They could still have some sort of DRM on the USB.
My first one had a blue spot in the middle with a red spot a bit below it. Second one turned out great though.
If disc space is such a problem why don't they just start selling the games on a USB... that would be fine.
No I stopped that because they replaced my menu with DewMenu. I heard that's dead now too which is pretty ironic.
There's also the Abernathy Farm, referencing the old man Abernathy that locked himself in his quarters on the GOAT exam in FO3
/r/nocontext
Couldn't you theoretically spoof a connection to Netflix and just get unlimited data
Well I only have 300kb/s

...in Southern California .-.
I read these in his voice.
https://i.imgur.com/dhNIZeC.jpg
https://youtu.be/fktIJHDx6Mw
Why couldn't they pull a Halo and make BF2 Anniversary Edition ;-;
"2013 shelby gt500 super snake"

I'm not complaining.
AFAIK it will be resurrected as Butter Project over at https://butterproject.github.io/, since [their status page points towards it](https://popcorntime.statuspage.io/).

Until then, you can just use the KAT search in PopcornTime to stream. Works the same way as normal.
[Olivia Thirlby](https://i.imgur.com/RJWkBmz.png). I'm very okay with this.
Can confirm Moto X Pure amazing for the price
I came here to put this, and now I'm pleasantly surprised to see the creator here. You're doing awesome work, loving the alpha so far!
Don't forget my Moto X Pure ;-;
14, to a cute redhead.
The layout gave me AIDS
/r/smashbros is leaking once again
Upgraded to the Pure from a 4.7" phone, and it doesn't feel big at all.
And steam.com is literally being used for nothing right now but it says "not for sale". Whoever owns it sucks.
Had to do a double take at which sub this was.

Nice connection though lol
37 /g/entoomen
I installed and set up Arch from a USB3 drive to my HDD in my PC.

The whole process took two freaking hours.

***two freaking hours.***

That's what i call glorious because it was worth it.

Works on Android 5.1 with reddit is fun
Yes, and you can also move apps on to an SD as well. A 64Gb SD goes for ~$25 on Amazon so I would just go for that
I'm going to have to go with the ARCH
/r/linuxmasterrace
I will finally be able to afford college
Signs, signs, everywhere there's signs...
I unlocked my bootloader, installed TWRP, and rooted with no random reboots so far.
I cut my Verizon micro sim to fit the nano sim slot and it has been working great for the past few days, I never had to contact Verizon (Thank God)
If you're logged in on your desktop the logo will change too
I ran mine under the sink for 20 seconds and it came out fine. Not really an extensive test though.
Same entries, also shipping to California so hopefully you're right. Fingers crossed.
If you have Nova Launcher, it allows you to set an image as the icon for an app. You could put the thumbnails on your phone and set each one individually. 
Haha I guess it is. Oh well I got mine a couple minutes early.
How to order if you know your way around HTML:

- Click the bottom right "Add to Cart" button right as the page loads
- This will add the base model to cart, click edit on it
- Change the settings to what you want
- Press F12 and inspect the "In Stock Soon" button
- Delete that button
- Remove the "ng-hide" class from the button right underneath that (It says "Update")
- Click that button and it will update your cart with your customized phone
- Finish the order

EDIT: It's out now lol
Why would they start shipping on September 13? That's a Sunday?
Been using Popcorn Time for awhile, works great.
I would say go for it! I recently bought a '99 V6 Convertible and I'm loving it! One small warning though: Either keep it in a garage or keep it covered. I have to park mine in the driveway and the California sun absolutely destroys the paint and fades the top.
Now is my chance to shine! I remade the Halo Reach menu for ElDewrito, the Halo Online mod. It contains all of the Halo OSTs. Click settings then go to "music" and you can choose any song from any Halo game (except 4).

http://thefeeltrain.github.io/?offline=1

&nbsp;

and you can find us over at /r/HaloOnline :)
The one with less features is the newer one.

The devs don't like my menu, unfortunately.
"Brand New Menu" top kek


[There could be a possibility of me adding it to the menu....](http://git.io/v3Z75)
I don't have control over the resolution of the menu, unfortunately. But you can download this and put it into your halo online directory, it makes it fullscreen.

https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/100840068/custom_menu.exe
The amount of players ramp up after an update is released and then it slowly goes back down after about a week or two.
D-pad and keyboard support added!

For keyboard it's arrow keys to move, A and B for forward and back, and Y to refresh the server browser
Add me :)
Strange, my Xbox One controller works great. I actually designed and tested it with the One controller. Have you tried unplugging it and then plugging it back in again?

 The background should be fine, but I'll have /u/Shadowfita make sure it's still on his server.
This has nothing to do with the menu. 
Yes I will be adding it soon^(tm)
**If you're reading this then it's already in your game.**

Click "Friends Online" in the top right to open the side panel. Add a friend by typing in their name and clicking the plus button, then you can join any online friend by clicking their name.

Pretty simple.

&nbsp;

We also optimized a bunch of code so the menu should run more smoothly overall, especially the server browser.

&nbsp;

Notes:

 *  It doesn't work with controllers yet
 * ~~Ping is broken, we're working on it~~ Should be fine now

&nbsp;

If you find any other bugs/issues, post them in this thread.
Bungie would be proud
Can confirm ;)
Yes, but I'm going on vacation for a week so it will only be Orion for awhile.
You should ask Zeddikins... he can probably rip it from the game for you.

EDIT: He saw my comment and it's being added now, should be up in a few hours. LORD ZEDD
The CEF window can't be transparent unfortunately. 
darkc0de is the world leader in bullshit I wouldn't listen to anything he says. He destroys anyone or anything that doesn't conform to his beliefs and thinks he is better than everyone else. He should be removed from the dev team imo. I also bet he didn't tell you that stole my menu **twice** and has now stolen my code and sound effects to use in the new "official" menu along with Limited stealing my server browser layout.
What is it exactly you think I did? All I've done is disagree with some other devs. Whatever else you heard was wrong.
With a few tweaks it could be a good idea, but it's never going to happen.
Spartans never die. They're just missing in action.