Classic sounds or riot!
Noice. 
It really is ridiculous. Even the swipe from the side doesn't work well in some apps and also if your phone is wide and your palm touches the screen before your thumb reaches the opposite side.
I personally just dislike all the other popular shooter games at the moment so I won't normally watch those videos. WarOwl made a great Mount & Blade video that I absolutely loved, so I was hoping for more of that, non-shooting games that let him have fun.
Agreed, just a shame that he seems to be stuck in the mid-field but hopefully he gets more success.
I really despise McLaren for throwing Perez under the bus for that season. That car was pure ass and as you said the in-team drama unlikely helped anyone have the needed spirit to make the most of that season. 
> Mark my words, if he wins a few races during the season the same people who are burning him now will praise him like he's the GOAT. Shame that this sub is turning into such a reactionary shitfest.. I just want some solid insights and opinions on F1, and memes of course.

It's always been reactionary. That's how sports discussions tend to be for most fans since we aren't TV analysis. At least this topic has some merit unlike the circlejerkers who never stopped talking about the new logo or the font. 

Verstappen does deserve scrutiny, not protection, after what he pulled Sunday. He's no Maldonado, yet, but he's easily just as unlikable for his attitude and incidents. In my opinion this situation is clear-cut, Verstappen pulled two moved and let his hot-headed ego decide that he would rather crash than give up a position he never had secured once during that race. 
And the Volvo looks way nicer. 
Filthy casuals only knowing Skyrim... 
MaxValue is the only chain I've seen (besides Costco) with a decent size ice cream container. It's 2 liters so have at it. Downside is that, it being Japan, they only have two flavors, vanilla and chocolate. Barbarians. 
If I look back, I am lost.

*looks at E3 siege video*

[*lost*](http://i.imgur.com/lLed1UO.jpg)
>The dinner once attracted Oscar winners and other notable performers in film and television as well as celebrities in sports and other high-profile professions. That star power dimmed last year when the famously thin-skinned Mr Trump, who routinely slams Washington’s media, announced he would not attend. He was the first president to skip the event since Ronald Reagan in 1981.

They should have added that Ronald Reagan didn't attend because he was recovering from an assassination attempt. Trump, on the other hand, is just a thin skinned baby. I'm glad that whole admin got super roasted and he was called out for being elsewhere. Savage roast, Wolf!
[Gentlemen, a short view back to the past...] (https://youtu.be/FlFt_W4664M) 
Came here for this video. 

"Ryzen Power. Red power. The best only gets better."
I went to Twitch yesterday to find a match to watch since ECS only had like two match ups, only to wonder why they hadn't uploaded anything from Pro League this year (on the ESL Twitch Channel). I knew I had watched Pro League matches from this season somewhere but couldn't recall. Then it hit me "OHHhh, that's right, they're using Facebook, lol." Went to YouTube, where I was originally catching matches, watched there. 

GG ESL. You need to step up your game because the only reason I went looking for your matches was because ECS was finished early for the day.
Can I switch my rock to melee mode?
Release date before covering Cheese Wheel Shields? Unlikely.
Holy shit, you were not kidding. I saw short clips of this earlier but now 12 minutes in and he is completely unhinged, rambling on about going down topics that were never brought up. You know it's gonna be a good ramble when he starts with, "which, by the way..."

Please get him on the line again soon, Fox.
Wtf are each panel? Especially the last two. 
Try OCN Mobile or others [(here's a list with speed tests - bit old but couldn't find a more recent one)](https://tel03.com/speed-test/sokudo-201603/). 

Don't give up when so much money is on the line. I didn't have a credit card and it was no problem for me to sign up to OCN. In fact, at some point they told me I couldn't use my debit card to pay the bill for whatever reason so I just paid every 2 months at a convenience store.
True. I'm just thinking he's come to the realization that he can't finish it in two and that's why Winds is taking so long.
Eight books. And we'll finish the series in 2035 by this point. 😑
I think the original person they harassed has screenshots. Either way, that bar is finished. Seems like they're going around downvoting in this thread too. 
Thanks, I'm from the US, actually lol. From Florida. Missed home, missed bananas being cheap and people being friendly (exaggeration but kinda not). 
Best to take screenshots of this and forward it to a news outlet.
Just a few weeks ago I flew into Chicago from Japan to start a new life. I booked a hostel in the loop so I had to try to find it, but also I wanted to let people know I was all good after 20 hours of travel, so naturally I expected O'Hare to have wifi. Nope. Somehow, in 2018, they did not. Then the blue line wasn't operating from the international terminal. And the shuttles were a fucking mess. Eventually found my way but it wasn't as easy as it could have been at almost any other airport I've been to.

One step at a time, I suppose.
The correct answer is 食べません。
Maybe fight one part and autocalc the rest. 
Let's hope next time he recognizes her or FOM puts the camera on her with an AMD CEO caption. 
I'm real happy for AMD. Personally, just wish we could fast forward to 3rd gen Ryzen desktops and Dell XPS 13 with a Ryzen APU. I'm not quite ready to build but I know I will by that time. 
Congrats on the fantastic accomplishments! Best of luck!
No crop rotation, they've depleted all the good yields of patience from me. 
Why not just take it off? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Genuinely surprised? You attributed the games and them being good solely to EA. 
Stop attributing games to EA when they were the publishers. Bioware deserves the credit for Mass Effect, and a share of the bad credit. But EA did not make that game, same with the others. 
Oh boy that's really difficult.
On the flip side, how hard is it not to add pickles? Is it really an inconvenience to say, "Tanaka san, don't add pickles to this one," and make a customer happy and more likely to return?

As an American, it's not "the customer is always right," more like it's "most companies are willing to accommodate the customer and if one is not, then there's likely another company who will appreciate my business more."
Not me. As soon as I get a job, I'm throwing this phone into a woodchipper and buying a Galaxy S9. 
*me eating my bento containing eggs and rice*

Co-worker: "Oh, you eat rice?"

Jesus christ, gimme a break. 
And the ojiisans and obaasans directing at each end of the intersections. I am frightened without them there.
I remember one time at one of the monthly "big secret super important meetings" in the teacher's room, someone had a question regarding the field trip the second year students were going on. They asked if students could bring raincoats because it might rain. Cue a fucking 10 minute discussion about whether or not it was okay to bring fucking raincoats. I was livid.
THIS IS WHAT I GET.... 
Happiest version of Kimi, probably. 
Worst thing I've read today. 
RADIOHEAD IS ALTERNATIVE FACTS. 
Really well done. 
Lol, can't tell on mobile so I was half-joking. Fun.
He probably has looter flair. 
Yeah but these are yes/no memes. 
No? No?! Then tell me which panels of this picture contain Japanese Maple leaves! 
That's the best part. We get some real gems from the grid walk, like when Martin told Felipe Massa that drivers had to get to the start line for some special ceremony or moment of silence, so Massa ran off but he was the only one there, lol. 
Seriously, how do you not know Martin Brundle, winner of the 1990 IROC? 
Whoever ends up doing the majority of the filming needs to keep pace with the leaders and those battling for positions. If there's more than one person filming, someone needs to be designated to film the mid-field positions. Then you can cut all that together to get a nice race highlights video. 
Then we know who the German is. 
Would give them a reason to use Super Ultra Hard Tires.
Liberals need guns because lots of Republicans have guns? Are we all just trying have a larger number or is there some use for these guns?

You suggest preparing for civil war in a thread about peaceful protesting. Ridiculous. 
Similar story with my Nexus 5, though it didn't break in half, that's incredible lol. 
God damn, yeah that update is gonna stay put for now. Can't risk that at the moment. Really shitty that I have to worry about that kind of stuff. Especially in 2018.
Amazing! 👏👏👏👏

We need more filmmakers like /u/fistformyfist. Brilliant. 
Different strokes for different folks. It's just a Star Wars character. 
Nope, just don't see the humor in this. 
Nope
How is that interesting? It's just a hat anyone can put on. 
Context anyone?

Edit: here it is. It's about Bahrain Qualy. 

https://www.autosport.com/f1/news/135371/verstappen-right-foot-caused-bahrain-crash
Cutlass (new) has been the only realistic approach to the redesign. The 300 series was never going to make sense at its current size and making it smaller would just piss off every 300 series owner. On top of that, they would have to place a 400 series if they wanted a Cutlass/Freelancer competitor. No ones fault for the original being in such a position, though. 

Safer to do this, for fans and for the long run. Shame it's taken four years to realize. 
Man, what a great customer experience.

Is your phone completely stock? I'm afraid to do the update as well. The last one slowed my phone down considerably, which is saying something because it was already really slow. 
I guess no one read the article. The author makes this rumor out of almost nothing.

> “I couldn’t give you any guesses as to what we’re going to announce and when those games will be out. But I will say, we have a lot of new stuff to talk about at E3. Whether or not folks realise it, this is the hell on Earth time for us with E3. We are in the midst of so much planning and work for all of that content but I’m really excited,” he said in conversation with gaming blog Dual Shockers.

It sounds more like a casual use of the expression rather than a hint. Besides, this is Pete Hines of Bethesda who isn't the publishers of the original Doom II. Huge leap here, if this all they are basing it on. 
I really enjoyed Quake 2, still play it today from time to time, so I would love a real sequel to that, to make up for the garbage that is Quake 4. 
But the French used it as a new development of warfare, owing to the Germans for using it against them first. 

Soooo, thank mr german. 
I'm more excited for the next part than for The Winds of Winter.
Don't know why people think this is unfair. It's not like s1mple is going to win their matches single handedly. If he could do that by simply being there, NaVi would be in ECS and playing better in general... 
Away with you, vile begger! 
Hostage maps, classic maps, unpopular maps, 10v10 competitive rules. Really wish we had more in the showmatches. 
Yeah how dare you ruin those fries with ketchup.
I'M UNEMPLOYED, I'LL TRADE YOU ALL THE TIME YOU COULD WANT OUTSIDE FOR YOUR SALARY. 
And people of color. 
Right, good point. They'd have to change their roadmap to include that in order for that theory to be true. I stand corrected. 
Like one of the comments in the article said, it could be a trip up due to the weird internal naming structure. The fifth Zen codename would be Zen 3, so maybe that's what they meant.

Zen

Zen+

Zen 2

Zen 2+

Zen 3

But then again they've already confirmed Zen 3 on track so maybe they did skip 4 due to Chinese and Japanese association with death and are detailing 5, having done some work on Zen 3+ as well. 
By all accounts, Max had completed the pass and then left the racing line to push Lewis off track. 
"Get out of here grandpa! You're crazy!"
Truly horrific. 
Remove Militia, keep Assault. 

Jesus Christ, Valve. 🙄
Same. Hopefully they have one in the works and coming soon.
WEGA BOARD??? 
He was just doing his part. 
I love Taco, and I've liked Liquid for a while, so I hope they do well together. It's too bad for Steel, he seemed to be doing real well there. Maybe there are other prospects he's looking into?
Eh? 
Red guy switched hands right before striking the other. That gave him a huge advantage in reach. DQ! 
And misterinformation is the father of all information. 
What about Swedish soul? Isn't that a part? 
April 1st is done and dusted in Japan and I haven't been following today's news so all this shit is tripping me up a lot. 
Reached the end of my tolerance of Japanese people skipping others in line at the subway just now. Middle Aged Lady tried to jump the guy in the wheelchair who was getting helped on, whom I was waiting behind. I blocked her with my arm and audibly asked wtf was her issue. There was also a dude who may or may not have been inching forward before all that to jump me to get a seat. I blocked him too, just in case.

Seriously sick of it. I'm a strong, young man but I get tired, too. So much good those マナー lessons at school.

I only have five days left in the country. Four years here, will miss it but glad to go. I need a break.
This C9 line up is weird. Don't know why people think it's C9's choice for Ska to leave.. Players have wants, too. 
But not the highest quality pixels. 4/10
"There's no need to panic, it's just time to empty your bowels." 
One flew into my apartment on the tenth floor one morning while I was sleeping. I don't know how I knew what it was before seeing it but that buzzing woke me up and put me straight into danger mode. I was up with a can of Japanese raid in no time but also scared as hell. Luckily it left almost immediately so there was no showdown. 
> What are you going to do, buy a Mac? 

> We own you.

Not if I install Linux. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Filthy ALTs and their cheesecake questions! 
The blood would suggest that they're killing it. Most dev blogs aren't really that stout.
I think you're thinking too much about this. They are afraid of conflict and confrontation, so no one ever calls out people and others take every inch they can to turn into a mile. Simply put, most Japanese are passive. 
Because Japanese people ain't saints and there's some unwritten rule about how if they don't acknowledge you at all, they aren't obligated to consider you when doing something. They can do this because no one calls them out. Some old man cut the line I was in front of at Family Mart the other day, I expected the cashier to say something but fuck no, not a God damn word. 
Cause this sub is filled with people who simply downvote everything. 
Nothing wrong with either end of the spectrum. 
NTT West has English support. It's likely the provider you use also has English service, I suggest googling to check and if you can't find any number, just call and ask in Japanese that you'd like to speak to someone who speaks English.
Good improvements. I knew they'd keep working on it, often times with stuff like this you have to iterate on it a few times to find the right formula. 

Some people from this subreddit would have you believe Liberty's changes are worse than Hitler and shouldn't be given time or chance.
Whoa, I've loved this logo for so long but never noticed that!
Yeah, I mean I agree, num row and Fn keys are still serviceable. I'm not a big fan of function keys because I'm so used to dedicated keys and a volume roller like the K70's. To be honest I'm just a little salty that some of the coolest keyboards I see are tenkeyless. :|
You da best mayne.
I'm using one now and hate it when I have to type numbers, which is somewhat frequently.

Plus you can get media controls more often on tenkey ones which is awesome.
That was an amazing lap. Really wish we had the full onboard. 
First it was the logo no one cared about before, then it was the first iteration of the font, then it became the second iteration and the graphics, next it'll be something regarding the podium ceremony or cool down room or something silly. Mark my words.
Seriously, I got downvoted into hell for saying to give Liberty time to correct their mistakes as they make changes. There are a huge amount of actual drama queens on this sub.
I never said support them, I said give them time. Bernie was no saint, don't pretend he never made decisions that you or fans in general didn't agree with.
:( good luck, Taco.
See, this is exactly what I'm talking about. How is your response constructive at all? All I see is some person on the internet making his opinion known and is obviously upset about it. 
Bernie never tried anything. Liberty is, and who knows, they may revert things and go back. We haven't seen them try yet. That's why I say give them time. 
Give them time. At least there's change happening. With some things they'll need to get actual constructive criticism or feedback to respond to what doesn't work. They'll screw up trying to make F1 more relevant, but they're trying. It's more than what Bernie did in the twilight years of his reign.

Edit: I swear this sub is full is babies. You don't like change but you have little to no response but "bleh, it sux!" You stating that you don't like something isn't constructive. It's just a personal opinion. 

Final edit: Reading the comments is pretty much just like reading the comments after the logo was changed. People with knee-jerk complaints but no solutions. People who think things should just stay the same if there's no requirement to change. Given one rumor that supports their complaining, they eat it up and provide it as proof. And people who think their word is gospel when it's just an opinion. Glad they don't run F1.
I agree. I don't understand why the most popular maps of the operations don't make it to permanent status. I don't know if the whole incentive thing worked during the operations, but if it did that would be a good way to get more people to play other maps like cbble. Maybe even add an official practice mode or videos narrated by pros that give basic knowledge about the maps.

I've been saying this for a long time, CS as it is now no longer feels like a community driven game like it used to. I'm not even sure if CSGO ever had that feeling, at least not like it used to. 
> Shrub Knight

> Shrub Sergeant

Excellent touch, ser.
Castle Iduntkair is a valuable strategic asset, I would spend a lot of BannerBucks!
Edgelord says what?

It's funny you talk about wasting resources on respecting the dead when you've wasted a bunch of your edgy time and effort when you could have moved on. What's that subreddit called, /r/im14andimsmart? 
F
Coffee. Krispy's coffee sucks in comparison, at least that was the case last time I compared them (4 years ago). 
Haha okay, man. Did you never see the page on Google Play Devices dedicated entirely to GPE devices? There was one with details about each phone. That's marketing.

Android One is not on the same level as the S9 and Google Pixel. The best device they've got there to go against either is the Nokia 8 which isn't out yet. All other phones are mid-range/lower-end and aren't even targeting the same market, sometimes not even the same country, dude. If phones like the Nokia 8 were the standard offering, I'd see your point, but that's not the case. 
Clearly you can't read. We're talking about Google putting out and marketing a "Google Play Edition" of a phone that would directly compete with their own phone in the exact same market.
Google wouldn't do that, they'd be letting Samsung take a huge slice of cake that could have otherwise been Pixel's.

You could always go with launchers and customize the S9, like any other Android device. All depends on if you'd see that as more trouble than the headphone jack, SD card reader, display, etc. are worth. In my opinion, yeah definitely worth it cause I'd end up getting rid of the Pixel launcher anyways.
As a long time Nexus user, now left bitter because of the Nexus 6P's awful aging and Pixel 2 dropping the headphone jack and not adopting the edge-to-edge display (has huge bezels), the S9 will likely be my next phone. I've never been a fan of Samsung devices but their recent track record shows that they understand what it means to make a great handheld device for 2017/2018. Google wants to be that, but continues to segment or half-ass with their line-up in some way. 

If the Pixel 3 goes edge-to-edge and brings back the headphone jack, I'd consider going back, but right now Samsung is putting them to shame.
Even the pranks on TV are staged, so it's no surprise. It may also be a cultural thing, too, to avoid being a source of trouble to a complete stranger. And I suppose their target audience isn't constantly scrutinizing everything, either out of ignorance or just because they don't care.
In the comments section in every language.
It was everything "tacticool" about cyberpunk, and in my opinion what ruined the genre. I don't know the tabletop origins but that image was meh to me. Hope it has more depth than just nude chicks with razors in her forearms and a executionist cop who can cloak or whatever.
More like Bannerlord will come after Book Eight.
As someone who is moving to Chicago in two and a half weeks, I'm eating up all the info here. Not really worried about crime because stats are stats and not really what an average person will experience, but the info on causes and other insights are interesting. I'm in a similar boat, from a big-ish town. Just wanted to say I think it's a generated a decent discussion, kind of find it silly its downvoted so much. 
They seem to have plenty of customization available for custom games. I think they're just talking about their vanilla game modes. I dunno what all the fuss is about but I don't play MP that seriously.
Callum replied three posts down.

> The classes and perks are actually quite similar to what we already have in Warband, they just work a little differently that's all. You pick a class which gets access to a selection of perks. These perks give you access to different weapons and armour (while forcing you to make a trade-off). This means that yes, you won't be able to run around with 3 shields, but, you will always have access to a minimum standard of gear and be competitive in each round you play.
Thanks man! 
Lol yeah you're not wrong. No worries, I had planned to go down to my office and ask them as well, and if they don't know I'll need to phone my gas company tomorrow anyways so I'll ask them.
Great, thanks. I figured that's what the cap was for since all the information I have references gas pipes with valves on them and mention covering it, too. I'll give it a shot.
Just removing the stove to sell to someone.

Yeah, I checked where the pipe leads and underneath the counter but there's no valve specifically for that. Just leads to the gas meter compartment outside the apartment. It's city gas. 
Thanks.
How do I disconnect the gas hose to my gas stove/range? There doesn't seem to be one of those black valves to shut it. Just a nozzle and what seems to be a cap? It can't be that simple, just cap the thing? Here's some pictures. If I just release the clamps, how is the cap enough to plug the gas nozzle? I'm looking it up as well, just thought I'd ask here too.

Edit: Definitely no valve on the pipe next to the stove. I've been looking up more info but still nothing on this kind of situation. I'm waiting on my Japanese friend to get back to me and see if we can call Toho Gas and get some info. Still, any input would be nice.

https://i.imgur.com/LjGuojO.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/5NetlMe.jpg
[accompanying sound](https://youtu.be/tfOQfUjzZeQ) 
I checked my notification thing and task manager the first time, then got spooked the second time I heard it and switched over to my Linux boot. Damn you, WESG!
I'm selling my bicycle to a friend. I bought it on Amazon but never registered it. Is there anything I need to do in order for him to register it if he wants to?
> Specially foreigners.

But they don't know our true power.
It could be nVidia but it's not like they need to, AMD isn't challenging their space. But AMD is challenging Intel for data centers with Epyc, and Intel is seeing the writing on the walls since they can't produce good 10nm for the life of them. I'm not saying they'd want to kill AMD, I'm saying they want to pigeonhole them. Viceroy could just a convenient Doomseeker type messenger to meet the end goal. 
Was it any good?
That assistant arm reload animation is fucking incredible. I want that but no funny ideas Value, stak trak pedometers first.
It still results in a magazine being dropped on the ground, though. Breaks ma immersion and all that.
That is a lot. Never, just basing it off of my parents being high school teachers for over 10 years (U.S.) and what I've learned from them. While they put in OT from time to time, it was never significant and only if students benefited.
You can't expect people who comment in reddit threads to read the article if discussion. That's just crazy.

Article says Samsung declined to comment. This was added three hours ago, before your comment. 
It's definitely Intel more than likely. No one else stands to gain quite so much as them. It's also aligned with how they operate, when challenged by actual engineering challenges from within and without, they turn to shitty methods of fighting back. They face both challenges now and they want people to think Ryzen isn't secure like their own chips. Viceroy just got the scoop early, maybe directed by Intel. 


I think that might come from how productive either nation is. For all of Japan's working time they produce really bad results. Their economy has never recovered from the bubble burst and has never made significant gains in recent memory. It's just a sad state. On the other hand, the UK and London's strong economy might benefit from overwork time, which could explain why there's a different way of looking at each nation's situation.

While 40 hours per week in overtime for investment banking might be normal, that kind of work for a school teacher is insane. That's the sort of thing you'd see in Japan, though maybe not to that extreme. Westerners would leave if the job wasn't valuable to them in some way, OT or not, but Japanese people just stick around because they're taught to deal with it or "not to make things difficult for others."

I do see what you're saying though, and you're not wrong. It would be nice if people knew more than just some umbrella comment they keep hearing and repeating.
Hype levels are fucking off the charts for me. That was amazing.
I ran the video back as soon as I saw him. That's cool as fuck.
It's not a racial stereotype, it's a cultural one that happens to be based on truth. Every year companies are nominated and selected into the "Black Company" hall of shame specifically because of factors like overworking, exploitation, and harassment.

I'm not sure how they gathered that data but I have a hard time believing that represents the white collar average hours. Working all day is an expectation ingrained in Japanese from middle school and onward. I've had coworkers who weren't allowed to take time off for their wife's miscarriage during labor. People kill themselves and leave notes saying it's because of the overwork. Hell, I just talked to my friend who move to Tokyo after his masters and he's doing overtime everyday, he says it's normal because his company is a Black Company.

I can't challenge the data you provided with anything right now cause I'm on mobile, but I had to say that the stereotype is there for a REAL reason. 
The assumption that you have to be a formally trained teacher to know what constitutes good or bad teaching strategy is pretty funny. Really plunging new depths here.
Great tip, already found a bunch of good looking jobs posted there. Thanks!
Seriously. Doesn't sound like it's going to change that much. Lemme see the sieges. 
I was totally ready for serious, scary torture kind of screaming. Caught me off guard, made me laugh for about half the clip.
Oh man, that's awesome. If he doesn't mind, yeah I'd be supremely grateful to you both. 
Thanks for the tip!

If you ever go again, Osaka is a blast for nightlife, but then the countryside, almost anywhere, offers a lot of beauty.
Oh cool! Yeah, hopefully we can meet! I'll be there from mid April, if you hear someone mention Japan, it's probably me, as that's where I'm coming from. 
No worries, I wasn't upset. I ended up curious enough to go look it up is all.
I'm a US citizen with a language and education background living in Japan, but in about 3 weeks I'm moving to Chicago. I'm a self taught web developer, focused mainly on front-end apps using React. I've already begun my job search, but I'm wondering if anyone has any insight in the tech industry there. I'm planning to go to events like Chi Hack Night and freeCodeCamp meetups, but I know no one in the city who works in the industry. I'm not even sure what to ask, I'm ready for this move, I'm applying to places, and I'm excited. I just feel like there might be more for me to do in preparation to find a job.

I guess one question could be about recruiters. I've applied through some, like Jobspring, and I'm just waiting to hear back, but any advice would be nice. People to connect with on LinkedIn or specific groups to join, events to visit, etc.

Anyone else do something similar, in Chicago or elsewhere?
I'm moving to Chicago pretty soon, so I joined freeCodeCamp's Chicago Facebook group with plans to join them when I arrive. They seem to be pretty active, apparently had their largest meetup recently. Might be a good place for you, too.
I wasn't aware that Assistant had that feature before. I only ever tried recently, saw it ask me to choose an streaming player, scoffed and did it the old fashioned way. That's bullshit that they'd have it and then take it away.
Indeed, I just looked it up to confirm.

https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/comments/847lt3/so_i_found_de_infernos_tspawn_irl/dvobf6b/
I'm talking about before the latest revision, man, not right now.

I went and looked it up:

After Valve took over Inferno in 1.6, they changed it to the current village setting which was inspired by the OP location. With CS:GO and no longer being able to choose a skin, they added the Separatists to Inferno, who based on Euskadi 'ta Askatasuna, a former terrorist group from Spain. That makes sense considering the location's history. Then with the revision, they officially set the lore to Italy.

> CSGO Version, Revised:

> The factions remain unchanged, and the map's setting has been changed to an Italian town with more distinctive European architecture.

http://counterstrike.wikia.com/wiki/Inferno
Lol yeah I really hope so too. I think we're in a good hands, they've mentioned how they can have a huge amount of troops on a battlefield and they've added the captain system to help deal with it. 
Your best option at this point is to enable overseas use and do the port before your plan expires. There's no other option - you'll have to eat the cost of whatever it is to use your phone overseas because they'll need confirmation with that number if I recall correctly.
It's set in Italy now, but it was Spain before, wasn't it? Or else it was never clear, but the terrorists are Spanish so it was assumed.
JavaScript has become really really popular as a result of its maturity and can be found being used in almost any setting, like desktop apps and IoT devices. I would recommend checking out JavaScript for those reasons and the fact that it's easy to begin learning with since you basically only need a browser to do it.

Others have recommended Python which is another good suggestion. 

Edit: Nice downvotes, curious as to how my post is not related to the thread, since that's what downvotes are for.
I would. 
Don't give them ideas! They'll start making shoes and leave gaming completely.

But I'd definitely buy those shoes, god damn.
Yeah Dell, Zen XPS 13 when?
Your edit ruined the story, tbh, but that was still pretty risky so *bravo*!
Not just video games, though, like the video pointed out.

Ideally, fucked up UX and UI would be criticized more heavily than it is today. Seems like most people just shrug and tell others to relax. Maybe if it's free app or something, it can be given some leeway, but shit like not showing you a button to disable subscription auto-renew, forcing you to go to a website on another device to do it, but allowing you to renew from the Xbox, is unforgivable. 
About two years ago I contacted Netflix support about how frustrating that is, they told me that it's by design. If you don't use your list to start watching they'll keep moving it down. It's not so bad these days but back then I had to scroll the to bottom. I mean, fuck me for being too busy to watch Netflix every fucking day, here's your bad UX you filthy, paying, customer with a busy life.
I was told that in Gifu, so yeah probably ghost snakes, lol.
I'd prefer a weekly sticky ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) thread where these posts could go, like "General Questions." Can't recall if there is one or not. 
But a student one time told me that whistling, maybe it was at night, attracts ghosts. Which is it? Both? Ghost snakes? My God.. 
🌊🌊🌊 wavey Merc crew 
Yeah the fight was basically "wave the lightstick around and do your best not to hit the other guy."
Excuse me, but did you just assume their diets???
えええええー is such a common sound in Japan, but it's always funny to me when I hear it. I recently overheard a Japanese woman on the phone, and at one point she only said うん, うん, うん... えええええー like 10 times. I couldn't help but to chuckle a little.
Awesome wall. Is that Jules in the third row, fourth from the left?

Also, battlestation pic?
My guess is that they decided to redo something critical and that was what pushed the game back. 
I love Intimacy. Pretty much all those songs you mentioned are some of my favorites, too. Ion Square and Signs are both beautiful, two of my top love songs.
Most tourists in Japan don't dress that way. Most dress in clothes you'd expect. Not even sure why you'd think he's dressed "like a tourist." Is that how you'd visit Japan?
This font is really not that bad. The old, first-pass version of this font is awful.
This is their best implementation of the new font so far. Hopefully they keep working out the kinks. I like this one a lot, though.

Edit: wow the drama in here is off the scale. 
GENTLEMEN, A SHORT VIEW TO THE PAST WHERE I SAID THE SAME THING - IT'S HAMILTON TIME JUST PUT YOUR CARS AWAY AND SAVE THAT MONEY.
That's exactly what I'm talking about. Not everyone who connects to the Tokyo node is Japanese. I've played with a huge number of different nationalities. I'm willing to bet most can do callouts but are too shy. It's a shame, I used to do my best to bring the team together but it's a lot of extra effort. 
The closest we'll get to the next part of the story. 
How much are the tickets cause I'm saving up for a dragon lore?
I've always wanted to try but I've been in Japan for the last four years, just avoiding playing anything but community or casual due to the variety of languages.
Yeah, I see it as sound thinking but how frequent is that situation going to happen? And then it begs the question, why stop there? The game itself causes tilting all on it own.
I dunno, man, I'm kind of tired of Valve deciding what our responses will be to stuff. That's why I wish community servers were stronger, like back in the old days. Take control back, add these features ourselves. 
> When did I do dangerous driving?
Easy solution is to just refer to these iPhone notch copying Android phones as the "CompanyX iPhone X CompanyXPhoneModel." 

So, "Asus iPhone X ZenPhone 5" and Motorola's iPhone X clone which I couldn't bother switching to the other tab to look up the name because who cares. Same with LG's possible next phone.
It seems to be getting worse in casual, too, over here on the Tokyo node. I wonder if Valve is losing this battle. 
That's from FIA though.

That said I like the logo. 
I don't refer people to play SC at the moment. It's in early development, and people often make the mistake of thinking any time before release is a good time to play it like it's a normal game. 
Seriously, I wish there was a meta tag that warned that it's a video. When I'm at work or out without my headphones, links like these are less than useless.
Even pros have off-games or tournaments. Maybe he got tilted, not nervous, or his personal life has some serious stuff that's affecting him. Who knows. Hopefully he bounces back, though.
Kimoa Fight Club
How many denars? Does it come with misspelled Carlardia? 
If it was McLaren-Honda again, they'd probably be better off fielding a self-driving car.
What's the next blog gonna be about then, eh?
Or they switched to Brother and are promoting a subsidiary called SON. 
Spot on. Besides that I'll go one step further and say that many fans of the old logo are being nostalgic and are fans of the logo only by reaction to the new logo. Many of them likely didn't have any feeling about the old one until the new one came along, and then they decided they didn't like change. Whatever their reasoning is, it's a losing battle and the thought that it's "boring and uninspired" seems hard to believe considering a world class company created it and a F1 bought it. 
Fun places to look at old comments about the future:

/r/starcitizen
/r/mountandblade
I love how it always says "bravely" and then you get situations like this, 52v1.
Yeah, apparently Vega is a success for AMD, but not for gamers. Good for them, I guess. Would be nice to get a win as a consumer in the graphics field. 
And Ropz said that during the match - I don't remember what match - he tried the wrong chicken behind the door. 
True, I was just thinking about people who aren't very familiar with browsers. 
> Websites sometimes disable the ability to right click, too, which would make it even harder for someone to grab a photo they’re looking for.

If you ever run into this, there are plug-ins that get around this (pretty simple).

If you're a person who disables right click on your website, you're a moron.
We're easily amused during off season. 
😏
We're not sure yet. There's an image going around from of a rough design mock up, but it's hideous and unlikely to go to production. We'll find out shortly.
glhf
One of my all time favorite references. 
My friends and I used to have a Saab game, like punch buggy but no punching, just calling out Saab before anyone else. I set a rule that if anyone called a MCY Saab, they pretty much won forever.

So, I've been on the lookout for a MCY Saab for ages, but had never seen one in person until recently - in Japan of all places. Was leaving work on my bike, turned out onto the main road and saw it right ahead of me, just taking off. Couldn't catch up to it or get my phone out in time, but seeing it was good enough! They really do look great! 
The Education Minister's response really sums up how Japan likes to handle issues. 
Monte Carlo Yellow is never wrong. 
I don't even care to do it with m'lady but I'm sold. 
Long live Calardia!
I think he just means that Empire is the last one to cover, regardless of how many posts they make on the topic.
They've been valued at several billion for how long though? They could have started long ago. 
Except I am a developer. Nice try, nerd. 
Ah yes, we should give them a break. It's not like they've had more than two months to make a not shitty app. 
Completely unprepared for that, lol. This one is up there with the Sky F1 vacuum cleaner intro. 
It'll be eight. Never saw how any of the stories would unravel and end in two books unless they were both max publisher length. 
I've always been betting on you. Not rooting though. 
Might have been some dust but not tons of dust. 😏
Never could understand why anyone outside of children who don't know any better would like him. This just goes to show, he's been on this path for a while.
Don't discount the human ability to shitpost. Just look at /r/mountandblade. I'm sure we ain't seen nothing yet.
He may have good chances at Baku and Singapore, too. 
Did you read anything the person wrote?

The dossier started as a GOP funded project, but even then that doesn't matter, just as it doesn't matter that it was picked up by Dems. Steele had a proven track record and helped with the FIFA takedowns.

But moreover, besides all of that, the FBI had its own intelligence to verify information from the dossier. If they choose to use it as support, that would mean that they felt confident in the information because they could verify it with their own information. That gives you more support for your claim / investigation. 
The quote you speak of comes from Comey speaking directly and solely about the alleged pee-pee tape. Nunes' attempt to discredit the FBI with that quote is grasping at straws.

Also the FBI stated that the Steele dossier corroborated their own findings, as they had their own intelligence. 
Real silly season.
ITT: This is a Major tournament match. 
Might be slow going and the fuel costly, though. 
Yes, Nunes, we should absolutely believe that this partisan memo that three parties have concluded is riddled with inaccuracies is totally factual. 

I also have a feeling Nunes and co wouldn't care about surveillance use if it wasn't aimed at them. Suddenly, recently, there's a problem. 
Two teams. Both legends teams. 
"Let's Go Back to Unmasking" 
Get out 
It was a decoy and you were all fooled. 
Pretty popular and sensible around the world. I'm in Japan now and it's just so normal to me that I'll likely keep carrying one when I return to the US. That's not even really a manpurse to be honest. 
Vettel but not Hamilton, lol. 
Two BO1 showmatches voted on by community, including a choice of a CS1.6 or CSS match, uncommon defuse map (like Aztec), hostage map, and 10v10 any map (competitive rule set).

Then BO5 final. 
I'll probably pick up a Pixel or LG V30. Preferably would get a smaller phone like the V30. 
When Callum tells us to be excited for something special next week. 
Atta boy
There for me, incognito as well. Don't know why that thumbnail is there for wiki though. 
Haha, fools. They'll never reach me in Cadilara. 
It's clearly more than four words. 
Good god that is amazing. I would totally buy one of those. 
Sweet, now for me to go take out a loan.
I think you and /u/chimi_the_changa should look into how the intensity of war and battle affect the human brain. Especially when there was little to no support for soldiers facing this kind of trauma. It's easy to sit there and type out criticisms, but the brain is not made equal and can only cope with stress in so many ways. There's a lot more to the brain in those situations than just "brave" and "cowardly."
Damn.. That hits home. 
15 minutes+ preview? 😍
Callum's comment about the website is separate from next week's blog, replying to someone asking to update the features page on the website. Not sure why this person thought otherwise. 
Craftable weapons. Gimme a one handed Warhammer with 100ish reach so I can smash people and shields from my horse.
Glenn? 
Interesting. I'm involved with a similar project, aimed at launching a peer to peer economy service to support foreigners in Japan. 
Easy peasy. Can I ask what it's for? 
I don't understand why this subreddit is so worked up over a logo they never cared about prior to the change.
To bad all they had for the rest of the movie were regular tie fighters. 
More like Bethesda isn't actually interested in making a ground breaking, high quality game.
Yeah, fuck Yamada Denki and their bullshit 90's return policy.
Forgot the football injury giving him more time to play CS. 
This is the most exciting blog for me. I've enjoyed learning about the history of the middle east and Islamic empires. Probably going to go with this faction for multiple playthroughs.
Not with captions like that, lol.
That dude was out to murder you in an unforgettable way that round. Didn't even care how he got up there. 
Maybe Panorama update shortly after the major? 
Harvest ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
That's great news. I hope this means that Valve is trying harder to empower the community. Maps that aren't in a map pool get played the most when they're on community servers, but in order for them to be played on community servers, players need to know about them. I'm willing to bet that most players who only got into CS with Global Offensive don't know what the community browser is. I'm also hoping the new UI gives the Community Browser a big make-over and better visibility on the main menu.
Isopropyl, perhaps? 
Blyatantly
Pensacola here.. we don't have sidewalks outside of downtown and tourists go to Orange Beach instead anyway.
Bronze 1
And here I am trying to throw invisible boxes into my 325, only for the box to go flying off into the distance 3 km away..
It's Raikkonen's year! 
Nah, you know that arrow was fucking made for you. Let go of right click just for a second and you no amount ironflesh will save you from THAT arrow.

Arrows to your face like armies of enemies at your fief. Fuck I hate this game but I love it for some reason..
Plenty of placards in Korean and others with both languages.
Quake 2, rainbow six, and like millions of other games.

But my question is: How if you oldies played on Microsoft Zone, too? And what you play?

A lot of Age of Empires for me and some others like Tanarus and, I think, Ten6 or 10Six was on there? Can't remember. 
Yeah, those Elantra's have made me look twice countless times.
Tommy Wiseau was a fun surprise. 
Rest in peace. Voiced some of my favorite characters from Valve.

Thank mr french

F
My god that was some sexy force buy murdering. 
Garrison farmers ez pz
It's not perfect, though . Plenty of trash can be found lying around. One of the beaches near my city is shockingly filthy and the little area clean up events held by schools usually pull in a good deal of trash. But yeah, konbini trash bins are the real MVP. 
Mucus is the same in Japanese. 鼻水 - はなみず - hanamizu, Hana is nose, mizu is water. 
Not exactly. She doesn't work in the same industry, so I don't know much about the industry in Chicago. Also, though she has told me a lot about Chicago, she isn't from Florida and I'm hoping for more opinions.

For neighborhoods, she has given me a good deal of advice but I am just looking for second opinions. I do plan on living near a train station, it just comes down to what has a good balance of pricing and convenience.
I won't hold my breath. There are so many issues with it and not a word from CIG. 
I know I am but what are you?
Excellent, thank you! I have been wanting to try out React Native, I'll add that to my to do list. Thanks for the tips. 
Well that I was already certain of. 
Fair enough 👍
My Royal Legion would like a word. 
I do this too! Actually I do it anywhere if I can, especially in open field when riding. I gotta get my surf in before I exit the scene. Always figured it was my little joke but it's fun to see that others do the same. 
Did you even look at the topic of this thread? Your post is unrelated completely.
Thank
People, or at least articles, always claim that shit no matter how small the chance. 
*お前はもう死んでいる。*
Why do you hate the 300i so much? Seriously though, what in the world is the 300i going to be for after its redesign? 
Yessss! Really looking forward to it after having a blast watch the last one. 
I know it must suck but at least you have the heat on. My school has an "Open the window" campaign, to remove the CO2 or some shit. It's just a giant ice box where everyone mutters 寒い。
But even in the top leagues of other sports there are shit teams...
I don't see how there being teams getting stickers in the qualifier makes any difference. You'll get little out of it if you and your team don't perform. Seems like a silly thing to make a stand against. 
I like Neil but his art / design style in this is so trope-y in my opinion. Just comes off as low effort sci-fi. The soldiers and the shooting are pointless, and the robot duo that walk up are over dramatic and weirdly styled. Third episode was better. 
I don't think that'll make it to production just due to how awful it is. The URL descripts it as "F1-visual-identity-examples..." so hopefully it was just an example made for someone in charge who asked for it.
Cheapest service is probably Lloyd's or whatever it's called now. A friend of mine uses that. I use Japan Post Bank, mainly from just being used to it. The cheapest might actually be just use a debit to transfer money, but I haven't tried that.

Some people may be forced to change their location because of their payment. Like if you get a Japanese Debit or Credit card. Common for those who know the lyre gonna stay here. 
Never changed my steam info, put money on my US account whenever I wanna buy on steam. Just keep remitting whatever you need and don't change your info and you're good. Also helps when friends can't get games or they are royally fucked by Japanese publishers Japanese pricing. 
No one wants a 300 series. They're be highly disappointed if they got into my account. 
Sad, I really enjoy his casting. Others say he's gotten worse but I don't think so. You'll be missed buddy. 
What the hell is Toto wearing? You'd think he'd wear something more elaborate considering he and the team are winning an award. 
Yeah, I always tell this to people who argue that kneeling during the national anthem should be illegal or is disrespectful or whatever. What about U.S. Flag apparel like underwear or cleaning cloth? Somehow exempt. It's good that the flag code isn't enforceable. 
Essosi Merc Armies ftw
If it's just the NHK guy, it's whatever. Just tell them to fuck off. They aren't legal representatives, regardless of this ruling. Tell them nothing and shut the door. 
Jesus christ that reads like it came directly from the White House propaganda department.

(well it's from fox news, so it pretty much is) 
To me, R6:Siege is gimmicky, and that's likely why other CS fans would shun it. I grew up on both twitch FPS like Quake and classic Rainbow 6, neither of those two had gimmicks like their counterparts today yet the classics are much more respected and loved for their competitive play.
As a man at work, I can't watch this. 
This article got it spot on. Seniority based pay (AND promotions - very important to note), poor salary compared to counterparts in other countries, work-life balance, and company culture (sempai-kohai relationships, sexual harassment, harassment in general, etc.) are the biggest deals. I think the language barrier is a problem, but most people choosing Japan would probably want to try to learn some of the language. However, it wouldn't be a problem if English was taught better and Japan wasn't so isolated, culturally.

The goverment may want more skilled foreign workers, but the companies are doing their best not to change and their behavior is cyclical at this point. Maybe the government should just open up to letting foreign companies compete better in Japan. As it is, Japan has a lot of protection on it's domestic economy.
I love off season.
Expensive pizza.. 
..That's a space station.
Not too shabby. I could use that in place of Century Gothic in ESL lessons for young students.

And lol at the testimonials. 
Wouldn't be surprised. Not a peep about how they'd address the issues, what role it'll have, etc. 
That's nice and all, but I don't think I'm gonna bother with the alpha any longer. I have no reason and don't expect to for a while. 
I laughed two years ago when my 300i's step ladder would never retract and everyone pointed out the huge design flaws compared to what it was supposed to be capable of in the final game. I laughed last year when my 325a always flung me out into space when trying to re-enter after EVA. Just a sad stare from me on this one.
Had nothing to say about any other Origin ship (they probably forgot).
Looks fine. 
Upvote 300i series design over the Belt of Forgotten Ships. 
GOAT, to be honest. Who else would be able to do that?

Kimi, by comparison, goes into dead ends. 
A river dairchi. 
EH!? 
And it's more than just the way it takes pictures and video. The app itself is so badly optimized, it crashes perfectly stable builds into the ground. 
Where do whores go?
B7 for BONEZ?????
DAELMAO???/
I think I saw this picture when Batman had nipples on his breastplate. ::snooze::
Unbelievable that a company supposedly valued at $3 billion has such an horribly optimized app. 
Can we also get boots being knocked off from hard hits?

Edit: ez Lordly Leather Bootz.
[Look Around You: Water is my favorite.](https://vimeo.com/62218296)
I always imagine the auto calc battles start with my troops all dismounted and spread out by huge margins being stabbed in the face. And all their gear is on the ground.
Sounds a lot like doing in-person banking or immigration paperwork in Japan, only it involves trying to get out or off of work so you can make it to the office in time because they close at 4pm. Some banks close earlier (?????), though there might be a special branch that is open till 6pm (only seen one from one bank) and immigration offices are often a shitshow so you'd wanna be there at the crack of dawn and clear your schedule. 
Who was phone? 
Jesus christ, man, chill out about your precious Japan. If the paragraph break didn't tell you, some basic reading comprehension should have told you that they were two separate complaints. Idiot.
Yeah, that's true. I'm making plans simultaneously to return to the states so that I don't miss a beat. Money isn't the main drive, though. I do really want to stay for the culture, the fun, and proximity to the rest of Asia, but I'm aware that the value is eroding. 
Like so many of you, I'm ready to bail out of my current job. Loved how unstressed it can be to an ALT but three years is my max on this. I think I'll start applying now instead of December for that ideal Tokyo front end developer job, though. I'm pretty set against any standard run of the mill Japanese company. I'd rather go back to the states than gamble or deal with the shit some of you others seem to be dealing with.

Just now some guy tried to muscle around me to enter the subway car for a seat, of which there was plenty for everyone. Too bad for him I squared up and forced him into choosing to push into the private elementary school kids who were, as always, skipping everyone, or back the fuck off. He chose to push the kids but didn't make it around me. He sat for all of two stops. These cunts are the absolute worse and they're always 55+ years old. 
Let it take you. Give in and then share it with everyone else here by never covering when coughing or sneezing. 
You and the other guy must still be rocking phones that can't support smooth zooming, which is already like a two year standard old now. 
Ah, Epicenter grill. I know who you're talking about. 
Probably more enjoyable to fly than the current 325a.

:( being patient. 
Is that Pasha and Dosia's child? 
"Extra point for every AWP headshot I get on you."

- Teacher.

Leaves the server with "ez pz." 
One of the more reasonable comments here but somehow people are just trying to pin this personally on Hamilton's character. Some people just cannot contain their disdain and will make a mountain where ever they find an ant hill. 
In all seriousness though, hopefully it's just under certain circumstances. Like traitorous lords who actually broke and fought against or pretenders. But run off the mill lords shouldn't be executable without huge penalties to reputation and relation.

What kind of assassin can you get for $60, I wonder? 
"Hot Pie!!!"

Okay, that's not very good but I'll think on it and get back to you.
Holy shit, I was not prepared for how funny this would be.
Definitely look for mild stuff. The weather could be making a difference but product matters, too. Also, I'd separate the two for effectiveness.
Nah, just someone who likes what they do. 
Are you shampooing with usual store bought stuff? Cause those are usually really harsh and strip oils from your scalp, which help prevent the dandruff. I switched to a mild shampoo and started oiling my scalp and hair with warm olive oil and have been really enjoying it. Two to three times a week I'll oil it for about 15 - 30 minute and besides my scalp feeling good, my hair looks nicer and healthy, too. Edit: oh, shampoo before the oil, so that it's clean, then lightly shampoo the excess oil off but don't remove it all. 

There are a lot of different options, but if you're like me where it seems like your hair never get naturally oily, then maybe oil is a good route to take. 
Why are so interested in the sensei title? I prefer my students title me with Mr. because it's appropriate for the culture learning ALTs bring. Simply calling me by my given name is rude, but I don't want to be called sensei because then I'm dropping the ball with the whole culture exchange thing.

Also, do you use a lot of Japanese in school? That may have caused them to react negatively to you. I've worked with teachers and schools that have a bad taste because of ALTs using too much Japanese instead of English. 
Maybe for your experience, but my 6P is fine. 
I'm from a small city in Florida, but the DMV has never been a hellishly long wait. Maybe 30-45 minutes tops at worse, I think. 
Yeah, the xenophobia is mostly with older generations, usually against other Asian people really but don't get me wrong, it's a small portion of the population and who you'd interact with. Most Japanese people that you work and spend time with will be interested in you and your life. Most want to live vicariously through you, because they don't know the freedom of individuality like we from the western world do. Follow the rules, show that you're interested in their culture, and even if they have reservations simply because you're a foreigner, you'll win them over. 

I've never met Japanese parents in my relationships but I can tell you that they've supported their child in her pursuit of foreign language/culture studies, so they would likely be open to the idea of their child marrying a foreigner. Again, I really wouldn't worry about it.

That's a good plan. Do as much as you can to get your name in without doing advertised job listings. Also, recruiters are a significant part of people finding employment.
Nexus 6P second hand is a good option. I didn't wanna leave the size of the Nexus 5 for something so big, but in the end I couldn't keep letting that battery fuck me over and nothing else was going to give me a similar package or bang for buck for that size anyway. There's a lot of woe about N6Ps but mine has been rock solid and I'm not the only one. The satisfied users don't have much to say, so it may seem like we don't exist. 
It's not that you were bad. It's that you were all around too good.

Hail to the king. And RIP. 
God this is so frustrating. It always binds to the second monitor unless I immediately start using a program on my primary monitor. AMD, please fix and add monitor selection.
Dark skinned man in Japan, here.

What discrimination you would see in Japan wouldn't be because of your skin color, but because of you just being a foreigner. Japan is culturally isolated mostly because of their own choice, so they don't often take to foreigners like they would one of their own and they can be insanely ignorant. I could give examples, but I feel like it's lost without spending time here. Just know that if you lived here, you'd hear a lot of annoying shit all the time that you know is directed at you because you're a foreigner and they've got ridiculous assumptions about you.

On the subject, though, the younger generation Japanese really make me hopeful for the future of Japan. They are far more influenced and interested in the rest of the world than their parents, who probably had the same traits when they were younger. Spending quality time with any Japanese your age will probably go just as well as it would back home with your current social groups.

Dating scene isn't much different. If anything, you'd probably ooze with confidence. Young Japanese are really interested in foreigners - however the big hang up for dating is language (and culture, but levels depend). Also, plenty of other foreigners live in Japan, and they'll have similar mindsets as you - interested in other cultures, adventurous, open-minded. 

I can't speak on the subject of Software Engineering, but there may be some subsidiaries who do not need Japanese for working at all. However, like someone else said, you'd likely need to be in Japan to really be able to job hunt properly. Also, yes, Japanese companies are more likely to pass up the better person for a promotion because they usually promote based on seniority. They also don't tend to take well to suggestions to change or change at all. This is second-hand, but it lines up with what I've experienced.

One more thing: People tend to think Japan is still on the bleeding edge of technology but that's an old truth no longer applicable, I think. All that shit ended in the 90s for most companies unless you're in Toyota, Honda, or Nissan's highest end labs and maybe research. Just look at their websites, like rakuten and see the shitshow there. Lots of sites are like that or worse (though I will admit there are some that are not, but they are far limited in function compared to what the rest of the world is doing). Your experience in software engineering here may be supremely boring or maddening depending on the job you land.
Ba ba ba ba ba ba bap ba ba! 
What if we don't wanna work blindfolded? 
Huh, no DRS back then I guess. 
The dude was just venting frustration that he likes the product enough to wish they'd had released it earlier. Good lord, this comment thread.
You know what I hate?

Videos.
Meh, I'd rather play Wolfenstein II than sit around for CitizenCon. Not because CitCon won't have some interesting stuff, but because I can just catch the highlights later. Plus this subreddit is cancer after events, so I just plan to ignore it anyway for a couple of days.
Yeah Rage was not a good showing. Might have been great tech wise, but it did not run so great with that generation's cards. Even my 290x has issues with it that will never be patched (understandable, Rage was a terrible game).
That's actually not that bad. I live in Japan and the rice at my local grocery store is about half that price for 1kg, give or take. And that's standard. It sounds bad when they say "eight times the cost," but what is that? Eight times the production cost? Or are they talking about pricing? If it's pricing, then what's the reference?
Looks like something out of Half-Life. Great Scott! 
Yaay! 
Other than missing a headphone jack, personally that's not a bad price. I'd like to see it at $400 because I feel like that's proper considering what it lacks (the jack, camera is lackluster, screen quality isn't the greatest, etc.). It could sit in the cut like a 2017 Nexus phone. Dual speakers and waterproofing are silly requirements, though. 
This isn't the right sub for this gif. It's not a stock video and obviously from some source. 
It belongs in a museum!!
Also a reg there, but I feel like mountainblade memes are more fun.
Seriously, posts like these and the die-hard 3.0 schedule tracker are absolute cancer. If you feel the need to look so closely and be so excited for 3.0, you should find a hobby and chill out. 
We've been waiting for Bannerlord for so long, the belligerent drunks are becoming restless!
Brilliant!! Hahaha. 
Haha, okay. It's usually the kids who start throwing out the insults first, but you do you and assume you're superior to everyone. See how that gets you through life.

Good luck trouble shooting 2020's WannaCry. 
> I don't pay for something that isn't broken

So you pay for things that are broken?

Keep with your Windows 7, I don't care. But when security support ends for it, don't go crying to the internet when you're a victim of a sweeping attack because you refused to move on. 
You certainly made it seem like money was the reason why you don't have it 
What condition is it? 
I can just imagine a disgruntled customer coming into a cellphone shop demanding the poem they were supposed to get with their note 8. 
You'll be okay with 8.1 for quite some time if you end up sticking with that on that computer.

Yeah, that's the thing about sticking with Win7 "until the hard drive dies." I think some of those people are being naive about the security risk. There's a chance nothing happens, but on the flip side the chances are higher. 
If you still use Win7 and it has an unchecked security flaw, then that's why they'd wanna attack you. It's not about you being famous, it's about you being one in a whole lot of people who refuse to leave behind an outdated OS and thus become one big target. 
In the time Windows 10 has been available up until now you haven't been able to save up for it??

And Windows 7 and 8 could be upgraded to Win 10 for free for like two years. 

Also, assuming moms are the ones buying Windows 10 for everyone. 😂
His comment isn't a clarification. It's a declarification. 
👏👏
Unfortunately for me, the lack of a headphone jack straight up ruins it. Otherwise it might have been my next phone after my 6P.
Not the same, and I think you know that because you mentioned a shit show. Besides that, having easier access would help with population and worldwide access since valve seems to care little about the health of community servers these days. 
Some of us want to be able to join and leave at our leisure without penalty. Like in the days of yore when we could do just that through the server browser. 
Ha! You're right. What's was I thinking? 
I'll have to quit my job in order to read that and play Bannerlord. 
Just about sums up what I know of German (non-sub) naval operations in both world wars.
Exactly. I guess that could still happen. The latest Dev edition was Spring 2017, so maybe RR could make it for the 2018 model. I don't think I can wait that long, however.
Same, but I ain't buying another touch screen laptop. Really wanted an XPS with RR but I may have to wait longer or go with the latest iteration. 
Crusty rustlers... 
Are you still the marshal? If so, that may be the trouble. I'm not sure how it works as the king, but when you're a vassal and the marshal, you can't proceed with the wedding until you vacate that position.
Doesn't your mod have features that aren't standard in vanilla MnB/Warband? That seems like a very lazy defense.

I appreciate the work you do and enjoy your mod, but that isn't a very good answer as to why sieges can't be improved.
This is basically how my company handles certain (probably more than I know) paperwork. Fax to head office, manual data entry, print that data (looks exactly like the faxed version), entry person stamps, then someone else double checks it, stamps it, then search for the corresponding related paperwork and file BOTH away in the same place. Those may even go out to area offices, too, who fucking knows. 
Ahh, interesting. Thanks for that.
Would help to know what language the coding is in. Or even just what general scope of the job covers (websites? Databases? Mobile software?) 

Shame to hear it's only part time but interesting offer. Thanks for sharing. 
Disagree about the whole rank anxiety claim being everyone's reason for wanting unranked 5v5. For myself, I just want no pressure play like in the old days. Hop in and out of regular CS games without being told you're a bad boy for suddenly disconnecting because you have to leave the house or because your teammates are toxic. 
I'm offended. I'm doing my best not to look normal. 
That would be nice. But I think going ahead now will cement the new protection, which can then be iterated upon. Maybe in time we'll have something that looks good and provides even better protection. Kind of like the penis nose cones.
I used to be a photo! 
Somehow that's more ridiculous than the airplane - raft- waterfall sequence? I think you're just being nostalgic. 
And yet Indie and friends fell from an airplane in an inflatable raft flat onto a river which then sent them down a waterfall. Yet they all came away unscathed. Where's the line here? 

Indie 4 has ridiculous scenes because it's an Indie story. They all have ridiculous scenes, the second one especially. 
An 8th Gen i5? I don't see them listed on the website. How'd you order yours?
Aztec and office active duty. GG top 5 teams.
Well, you didn't say that, lol.
IE? Not even Edge? What the actual fuck.
> Ted
I'm a big science fiction fan, but I feel that Star Wars never goes into enough depth to be as praised as it is. It's certainly a fun series, but it is pretty shallow overall. With all the material and lore available to work with, they tend to just smash stories together and whisk characters in and out. Plus you can tell there is SO much attention to marketing products from the film. The ridiculous AT-ATs, the certainly not useless alien penguin thing, any other dumb light sabers they have in their idea box, new spaceships, whatever else I didn't pay attention to just from this trailer alone. Low hanging fruit, which is sad for someone who enjoys stories over this 'wow factor' stuff. 

It's good that people like it, it definitely gets people into more science fiction, but it's a shame that really captivating SF films and stories don't gain near as much attention. 
Don't let anyone tell you that Indie 4: Crystal Skull sucks. If the fourth one sucks, then the second film blows all balls. It has just as many ridiculous moments and characters, yet isn't beat to death on the internet. All the Indie films are fun, crazy, wacky situations. It's like reliving a story some guy is telling at a pub. 
That's what I read when they announced the director change and delay for the third film. 
I also thought they had planned for her to be in the third film as well, but maybe I misunderstood the last bit of news I payed attention to. It had something to do with the director change/delay for the third film. 
Google migration app, I guess
I was sitting right there at that corner, telling my less F1 savvy friend to watch out for that battle. So glad it happened there - the dirt kick up startled everyone.
Tis a sign!! 
For a second there, I thought /r/starcitizencirclejerk was finally active again.

But honestly this one pretty much killed it anyway. 
I remember seeing a borox + sugar poison trick from someone on this sub. Maybe you could do that, lay a few small piles all around the outside of your place in various places. If it works well, you could lower the chances of them coming around but maybe not win the war. 
Word! Sorry to say the rain is gonna keep on till at least tomorrow morning for you, as it's still raining here. 
It's raining quite heavily and steadily here in central Japan. I haven't seen the practices from today but I can imagine just from the rain.
Bluetooth sucks. I tried to be a believer for a long time. Had Bluetooth set up in my house, when I was out on runs, for my laptop, etc. Connection issues weren't my problem, it was the battery and the quality of the sound were. 

Plus, I fucking hate earbuds and I don't want to buy a half decent pair of Bluetooth on-ear headphones for $100+ when I have my own decent wired pair that cost me $80. I really wish they would stop this sudden Bluetooth bullshit. It is entirely anti-consumer. 
Did Cozur kill him?

I don't know what it is, but AWOIAF hasn't appealed to me yet. ACOK is just more polished (understandably so). Still salty about the whole renown thing for recruiting though. Was not easy to come by on the last character I started on 4.1.
No headphone jack, no purchase. The 6P is where I'm sticking for a while yet. 
I plan on picking up one or two myself. I always put them on my phones and they always look good. How was installation? 
You can't just choke all your problems away, though.
Just imagine a driver passing that scene in full focus, but seeing that in the corner of their eye. Damn, that'd make me giggle at least a little, most likely a lot. 
Same, I don't understand the lifestyle one would have to have to make them *that* important. 
Bezels and dual speakers. Seems like nitpicking with the bezels. For the speakers, I just don't understand that need. If I need good sound, I use dedicated speakers or my headphones. Most of the time, the phone is close to me and I'm not dividing my attention. My 6P could have one working speaker and I wouldn't care a moment. 
When are you ever going to see it if it's always covered? 
Yes. I have been caseless for at least 5-6 years now. I do skins, but that's for the looks, not grip.

Accidentally dropping, I feel like some people are just more careless than others. I worked at best buy mobile for several years and that was one of the things I learned from dealing with average customers. 
And the honey badger. 
This isn't exclusive to AWOIAF, it happens in PoP, too. More likely it's Warband itself, giving the players crazy amount of aggro so that once you lower your shield, an archer will be loosing immediately. It's something I've been paying attention to for a while now that's how it seems anyway. 
Do people argue that kind of stuff? Why don't they publish an article about how modern Star Wars games are trash compared to the brilliance of the past? 
Good point, I overlooked that. 
Thanks /u/Agrees_withyou
I feel like people toss out the -this and +that meme too much. Unless there are major problems within SK, I don't think they'll drop anyone just yet. 
Ooo boy they were asking for trouble. Good to know justice was served.
What a riot. Did that Bentley get punished for causing all that?
Haven't even had a chance to watch this race but it seems like meme-city already. Memelaysia GP 2017.
Lower Crown Authority factions confirmed????
True, I might try that. 
I hope they start doing some streams soon, like what Paradox Interactive does. Multi-player only would be decent, but also some chatter too. 
Oh I'm not new at this. Three years running, so many different types of classrooms. This situation, though, I feel like could have been dealt with earlier in the year by the homeroom teacher. 
Had my noisiest second year (junior high) classes today. I spent a lot of time making a decent lesson and M.A.S.H. activity for them, complete with English and Japanese instructions for the kids who don't help themselves by paying attention. Unfortunately, it didn't go nearly as well as I hoped. Plenty of students could do it, had fun and all that (became idols married to Matsumoto Jun but lived in Anjo, Aichi driving a pink Takara Taxi), but not all could grasp the activity and finish it.. thanks to disruptive students. Those students in particular have run out of chances now.

On the flip side, I want to get out of the house and do my web stuff out in the city, especially on the weekdays, but my shit-tastic laptop finally spun it's last 1000 rpm hard drive disk (didn't wanna bother with it anyway). Waiting for Dell's 8th gen i5 13" XPS to launch, hopefully to decent reviews, to get there. Unfortunately, that means waiting until mid October just to order it. At least I'm not waiting on mobile Ryzen, I guess.
Ah, thanks. I figured it wasn't smoke.
Is that a can of lighter fluid in the background? Next to a cardboard cutout and an ~~smoking~~ overclocked PC? Lol. What your doing sounds awesome, but take care, dude.
RidgePineapplePinnacleRidge
ENHANCE
Spooky Khergit ghosts! Oh no!
PoP is great, however with the limitations of Warband, it's really not as great as it could be. I save scum and cheat to enjoy it because I'm not sadistic like half of my vassals. I do like it, and went without cheating until I reached marshal position and was rolling in money and gems, but it's ridiculous once you need the AI to stop messing around or when you rebel. Plz Bannerlord, we need you.
GODS*****
House Darryl is pretty cool.
Thanks.
Ah, I understand now. Yeah, I wouldn't either if I didn't play this game, haha. Cheers!
I thought about that for a bit before deciding to post it. In the end, I decided that one only needed to understand that people are talking about (fictional) medieval armies. If it's big enough problem, I figured roo mods would have stepped in. 
👀👀👀👀
Brought to you by a bot, no less.

And yes, I know 100 foot tall isn't grammatically correct, but it is colloquially accepted so I figured that it counts.
Outdated means that it has no use. It's camera is still one of the best and it can do much of what other phones can do. It doesn't has any squeezing features or IR blasters or whatever, but no phone has every feature. You'd have to compromise with a new phone as near much as with an older phone.
Ah, the old Reddit [switcharoo](https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/7173vs/found_this_alien_of_a_wtf_bug_in_my_closet_which/dn91521/?context=1000)!
I disagree but anyway, the person still has a Nexus 5 so I think recommending a slightly older phone is okay. 
I'll throw in my recommendation for the 6P. I still hate the size but it is an excellent phone and the camera is amazing. 
Hahaha! Excellent bot. 
I ain't your buddy, pal! 
Yup, makes sense, too. We'd mostly be seeing clouds but we'd miss all the valuable data from actually being in the atmosphere.
Won't be any pictures from Cassini from it's descent, unfortunately. The data would take too long to upload, if I am not mistaken. However, there will be a lot of data to go through about the atmosphere itself, which should help paint a picture for us, figuratively and literally.
Such a good movie. I love Kronk.
Need that Bannerlord Reform plz Taleworld
Oh yeah, of course. Especially RTS games. 
Yeah, I agree. Some devs just seem vindictive or just unaware of what good user experience is. 
He specifically was talking about the item menu.
https://youtu.be/QEzhxP-pdos
Yeah, Warband and pretty much every mod (not sure if it can be helped) basically allow the AI to cheat. If they get defeated and escape, a week at home will set them pretty much straight to go out and fight again with plenty of troops. The player on the other hand gets put essentially back on Day 1. Then there's troop wages, you know Alexis ain't got money for 1000 troops, nor food. But somehow that's OK - fuck the player.

A lot of games let the AI cheat but Warband, and PoP, is really awful about it. Too bad it's too good to uninstall forever. :(
Alexis is a little bitch, too. Talks mad shit about marshals and never follows unless being told, and only goes around chasing raiders when he gets the position.
Won't be bothering with the QHD screen. For me, the XPS is mostly just so I can code on the go with space for music and anything extra I might want in case.
Thanks. Yeah, I've seen the same problems discussed online. I guess I'll just wait for the newest i5 model and go with 512GB SSD drive because the last ultrabook laptop I had with a HDD was absolutely horrible. Since I'll be doing web dev work, that'll more than cover me for that plus media. 
Cold calling out the "sk sucks" guy.
Ooh, yeah like CK2 factions. That'd be awesome.
Could still incorporate cavalry on the defender's side by having them go for risky charges while the siege equipment is being set up. Depends on how they set things up though. 
This thread this lit. 
The first motherfucker who raids my village simply because I beat him in battle and he got away/has -1 disposition towards me.
Can people stop submitting shit websites like dailystar? I scrolled down, ended up in a gallery, hit the back button but went forward in the carousel. I feel like I could make a better mobile page with just the same resources, and I'm pretty green.. 
I'd rather believe Raja's email to his staff over some redditor with a wall of text in regards to what this all means.
>1) Looking to buy a developer edition XPS 13, likely i5 based. 

>2) Web and mobile dev work

>3) I live in Japan, but am American, can have it shipped from there to here.

My main question is the performance. For web development, I'm sure it is sufficient but I'm thinking about long term. Also my other question was, are the Windows 10 XPSs easy to install Linux on? I'd rather have a 4 core system for spending $1000 so if it's not a problem, I could just install Linux myself.

Any ideas? 
If you're lucky enough to have that message. PoP doesn't - just sends you out. That's why I remapped my key to the Home key, no more accidental Alt+Tabs or Shift+Tabs.
Oh, I know. 😏
Mmm stuffed capon and roasted onions. 😋😋
Spicy meme revive +1g
Sure is a weird time to be subbed here.
And then you ask him where the marshal is and he magically knows!

Whenever I find a character saying that, I send them to the area where the marshal is or is going with the "May I suggest an action..." "We are being attacked but the enemy can be repulsed at..." Seems like it works but I'm not 100% certain.
Easy choice, ELeague has DUDUDUDU, Baedolph, DDK, and Smix. I haven't heard the dynamic duo in a while so it's good to hear them again. 
Ah, I love that line. Just the way he says it makes it great. 
"Free" 
You can tell them to shove off any time.
Yup, that's how I do in pretty much any module for Warband. Thick shieldwall of troops to catch out cavalry, superb archers to destroy them, companions and some cav for mopping up. Plus Ravenstern Man-at-Arms are fairly low level compared to Armored Axemen (like 25 vs 34), so they can be trained up to top level with Trainer pretty quickly.

It's really not that hard if you just play the AI against itself. The only annoying thing is stupid allied AI in both world map and battles and the 700+ hordes that require you to be in late-game or with some significant force or advantage.
>Speed = 5.6

First red flag that this was shopped.
You're trying to tell me that this $4 billion boat doesn't come with fishing instructors and gear? 
Love stuff like this. I keep getting Cracked Smoked Fish in ACOK 4.1. Mah immershun. 
Their lack of communication on it is a little concerning. 
Yeah, I'm curious about this, too.
So if I favored Vladian Knights but was on my way to war with them, I'd have to suck it up and use different troops? The Men-at-Arms might not be good enough. I wonder if player empires or player fiefs (being a noble) can field customized Knights. Maybe like how PoP does it for custom Knighthood Orders?
You can't stop me from playing it. 
Soviet National Anthem time! 
California's situation was reported in the article, as someone else has quoted. 
Hundredths of a percentage.
Yeaaah holla at me with that long wheel base version, baby. 
I want a hostage map or 10v10 casual hell hole using four teams. 
That's not bad. Honestly, the 300 series needs a complete redesign and needs to be a little bit larger on the inside as well, so possibly a little larger on the whole. The way it currently is doesn't make a lot of sense. Hopefully we'll see early concept ideas by the end of the year. 
No word on Ubuntu (Developer Edition) models? That'd be a dream lappy right there.

Been trying to get a word out of Dell's twitter, but otherwise I haven't found anything. Need to get a laptop soon but don't wanna pull the trigger on the 9360 with this recent announcement.
That's usually what keeps me from watching people play games that I play, unless it's someone I already enjoy watching. Failing to do simple, but clearly advantageous things drives me up a wall. Like this guy didn't notice how he died though the horseman with the lance that killed him was pretty clearly on screen.
Just like when Dollar Bill got caught in the revolving door. RIP Dollar Bill.
Where exactly? 
All I have to say to that is: 

We'll have our play or we'll have our fun. :)
".. Blockers off the shoulder of a programmer.. I watched issues glitter in the dust near the L.A. Studio Gate..." 
I've been enjoying reading this post, but one thing I want to point out is that GRRM said Westeros and Essos aren't connected. 

>5) Does Westeros connect to the eastern continent through the north?

>No.

[Source](http://www.westeros.org/Citadel/SSM/Category/C91/P60) 

Unless he plans on saying that as Winter comes, a land bridge is created with ice... Which if that's the case, his answer is a cop out. Could still happen though. Maybe the Others just make a bridge from ice using magic? Maybe it'll never be explained. 

It's curious to think, then, what lies beyond the Grey Wastes and how it connects with the Others, if there isn't a land connection to Westeros (and thus the Lands of Always Winter). Maybe two tribes/civilizations of Others? 
This is a Mithril worthy joke, ser.
But surely it's almost releasing season?
Thing I'd like to see: 

Incentivize movement in the AO. Create dynamic zones of contention that add a bonus bunch of points to team score. Say, for example, the hospital block or the marina side housing blocks in Kavala. Once the zone is captured, there's a cooldown before another one appears. I don't think there needs to be anything special about it, but maybe "protect the data upload" like from EndGame would be fitting.

Also make the capture time relate to how many players are on the team, so if people are stacking Opfor, they'd need a large amount of players on that contention zone to capture it/speed up the capture, whereas smaller teams do not need quite the same ratio of players. This should help keep StackFor from steamrolling each zone.

I feel like this, even on servers with towers, would allow for less camping and more dynamic gameplay. 
Yeah my jaw dropped when I saw the prices on V64 on Amazon JP. Who in the world would buy one for $1300 - $2400!?
Sounds like a Google type of "solution."
To add to that, the whole program was made/supported by people who don't understand basic economics. "We need to make sure we aren't wasting our money on welfare!! Grr!" Okay, let's do a bunch of drug tests, surely that'll save money. 😒 Plus, the majority of people in poverty do not want to be there and manage to get out in time. 

My state makes me sad and upset. 
300i series owners feel your pain (maybe not 350r's). Our ship is in the PU but obviously needs a rework - like complete redesign. Unfortunately, our ship isn't even on the rework list for this year. 
Haha, never thought anyone would notice the location. I've been there twice and recognized it instantly. I thought the same as your title, though. 
Wow, I believe you're sincere about this but it really sounds like a commercial in text form, haha. 
I *really* want to know about marshal/realm army mechanics. It annoys me to no end when AI capture castles or towns far far away from the "front lines" (and then the faction that lost that location doesn't go back to capture it until 300 days later) or when the marshal calls the banners just to go raid a fucking village then fuck off back to his castle.

Also, I hope AI has to hustle as hard as players have do to gather levies. It bugs me when the AI can lose a battle, escape capture, then gather another army within 2 weeks especially when all they own is a castle with no income sources.

These feel like glaring issues, so I imagine the devs are aware. I'd just love to hear more about it all, as you said. Maybe not gameplay of it, but just discussion.
*psst* edit that into your OP.
Take that NoVidia. 
Some of you people here make such a big deal about nothing. Unless you're the kind of person who doesn't clear their notifications at all, the front camera position won't affect you. And it reduces the unused bezel/chin area overall, which is another thing people on this subreddit sob endlessly about.
Don't lose faith, brother.
Best I can give you is Sir Twenty Goodmen
ACOK is so well done but that's because it's had a long time to become that way. Cozur has done a great job over the last, what, six+ years? I can't remember, but I know he's been working really hard. 

I get that Cozur can be prickly, and I can understand it, but overall that doesn't really matter. 

After AWOIAF has had some time to find its feet, I'll compare it to ACOK. 
Spoken like someone who doesn't understand how extroverts and introverts work, therefore generalizing a group of people wrongly. 
👀👀🤔🤔🙄🙄
My mans. Best way to play is against the stack and towers. 
Is no one going to say it? 

The pacing is brilliant. 

Dialog, next level.

Filmmaking at a new height. 
Guy of Luxembourg 🇱🇺 

Traits:

Guy

>Just a guy

>+0 to stuff

Louis C.K. face

>Idunno, you're just.. a guy.. 
"Matter."

Note the punctuation. I think it was meant to have a chance to be read like that. 
Follow your dreams, buddy. 
Nah, you're doing well if you're N4 in high school. Depending on what you wanna do with software engineering, it may be better to study that in your home country. Japan's a little slow to taking up the latest in software tech aside from startups. N2 by the end of high school though, yeah probably doable. But do remember that passing a test doesn't mean you can converse with native speakers.  Take your time, there's no rush in my opinion. 
As yoroshiku said. Japanese, just like English, has a lot of versatile language so don't stay too locked in to book definitions. I live in Japan, been studying for 6 or so years, but I still get surprised at how some words are used from time to time.
本当のRealJameskii is what's in the video. But it's also acceptable to use の。 
"New York Dolphin Love 1973" 👍
本当のRealJameskii? 

Awesome video, loved it. 
Just so. 
F 

😢
There's only like 5 developers on CSGO now so... 
Man, that was weird. 
Would have been better to just been upfront about it. Lying is the worst, especially when all eyes are on you a anyway. What is that quote from Gabe Newell about lying to people? 

Disappointed in RTG&AMD. 
すみません。
Brah, you gotta wait for TBA like I am. 
Maybe you can double down with /r/globaloffensive and make a bet on the "anniversary update" or a second operation this year? A bet on source 2 would be an easy win I bet. 😉 
But there are no AIB partner Vegas so such a comparison can't be made yet. 

That's what I'm waiting on, as per my first post. This looks good, hoping for similar results with partner cards. I've resigned to buying a 1070 if I have to, though. 
I am simply talking about the card versus the 1070 FE, not how long it took to come to market. 

For you, all that may be important. Looking at AMD / RTG as a company I too am disappointed in the time it took for Vega, the time of launch in comparison to Volta, the marketing, and the specs. But when looking at V56, it's got a decent little space in the market for now. 

I don't think 50% is the right number, though. It pulls 45 to 70 watts more under load than the 1070 FE (Anandtech). 
Anandtech's review shows an 8%+ performance gain over the 1070FE, almost consistently. Realistically, power draw isn't that big of a deal. It's worth some consideration but in the end not make or break for me. 
Vega 56 is looking really good. Now for partner cards! 
Using this on my next project, lol. 
Don't be silly, registration of a bike is to help identify it and the owner. It isn't to help find it, obviously. 
Always sending links to fake hook up sites, I assume they try to get money, data, maybe hijack with malware. 
YouTube Mobile chat is great 👍👍 💯 

Who can outdo them? 🤣😂😂
There's a million scam profiles now, too. 
I'm on vacation in America and I am disappointed at how fat so many people are. Being Japan really made me see how bad our habits are. Glad to see water consumption up though. 

On the flip side, why can't Japan get home air-conditioning right? Maybe it's just the apartments I've lived in but I'd make love to Abe to have insulation and central air-con. 
Oh god I want the bus back! Plus with the passenger ability to shoot from windows.. Oh man.. 
I switched from my Nexus 5 to a 6P and it moved everything over nearly perfectly without a hiccup.. 
That does not support the gentleman's claim that civilians actually thought they were the superior race and wanted genocide of others, however. 
Sorry, but that still does not prove your claim that civilians actually felt that. Even plenty of soldiers were simply following orders due to the pressure and expectation to do as their told. Just because the government pushed this propaganda and ideology doesn't mean that the average person believed it. Soldiers were more likely to be brainwashed due to their training and time actually spent putting their lives on the line, but that is not the same as the thinking a mother who tends to her household and children who spend their days in forced labor all day instead of at school.

Consider what you also brought up: Patriotic Citizens Fighting Corps. That was a government created entity originally for non-combatant support. When it did become about fighting, the government estimated 28 million fighting capable people were available but only 2 million were actually recruited. Both numbers are significant, yet 26 million chose not to fight for what the government tried so hard to brainwash them into believing was great and only 2 million signed up for what they believed would be protection of the mainland - not expansion of the empire. Source for the numbers: [Wikipedia](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volunteer_Fighting_Corps) 

Kokutai was just government propaganda from what I can tell unless you have something that talks about it being race based. The emperor was the focus, and even then still had enough dissidents that they had to form a 'thought police' department to keep their message going. 
Yet people upvoted his reply.. Lol. People are such a joke here and so easily want to confirm their opinions no matter what and do not read anything. 
From the quote of one of the soldiers involved, it seems that it was reported as mid-battle one on one combat but the truth that wasn't put in media was that they were actually cutting down surrendering soldiers. 
Unfortunately, no I don't think so. Even if you were to switch to using on mobile browser, I don't think mobile Chrome allows extensions. 
You need Unspoiler, my friend. Chrome extension that covers HTML elements containing keywords of your choice. 
Hold on, do you have sources for what you just claimed? Most Japanese did not know about the details of the Imperial military and what they were doing. Everything was heavily censored. I highly doubt the public would have been in favor of genocide. The military, I would not doubt it. 
Plenty of people don't like Samsung and Apple products on r/android. It's not a huge percentage of consumers but they could still sway quite a few people. 
Nutty confirmation on stream!
Not the engineers, I bet. Engineers would say 'Fuck this, let us make a phone that embarrasses Apple.' But no, out of touch managers say they 'gotta follow a trend and who cares about headphone jacks or an industry standard replacement, we copy APPLE! '
Regardless of how they paint their role in history at the Peace Memorial Museum, civilians died terribly and suffered for a long time if they did survive. 

Edit: I get what you're saying, because I noticed that too when I was there. But yeah the bigger picture is about how nuclear weapons can't be contained to small targets, and even combatants would suffer horribly. My big thing is, it's a powerful place to visit and gives people a perspective that we don't normally get.  

Just curious, what other Anti-nuclear locations do you recommend that is better? 
This is all seven hours old and now most of the US is asleep, but I wish more people knew about what happened at Hiroshima and Nagasaki. I wish everyone, not just Americans, could see the Peace Memorial Museum in Hiroshima. Because then everyone would truly understand why words like these are absolutely terrifying...

We should do everything possible to avoid confrontations like this, not egging on in a dick waving battle. 
It's one of their most powerful songs. I've loved it since I first heard it. 

>Being a man made me coarse when I wanted to be delicate.. 

One of the lines that has a lot of emotion behind it. Our society is built up on social expectations of genders, though changing recently. 
If only I could grow 1/4th the mustache of what he has. How glorious. 

And to think he won a world championship with that extra weight. 
Absolutely. Those odds aren't so bad really. And I'd kick myself for not taking the opportunity. 
Lol if /r/android had any impact, OEMs would be making phones with 5000mAh batteries, micro SD card slots, removable batteries, waterproofing, stock Android, and sell for $500.

Oh and dual speakers on the front. 
Doesn't mean he can't be a bit frugal when shopping for stuff he doesn't know much about. 

Maybe once he gets his mowing technique down and starts buying the nice stuff, we'll see it on Instagram. 

"Got to spend the weekend with this BEAST!" - pic of a Husqvarna riding lawnmower. 
I am. 
Always gotta equip the spectacles. 
If only we could play in such a way that encourages more casual, relaxed 5v5 play on servers that we can join regularly. 

Like.. Before CSGO devs decided they knew what would be best for players. 
True. But you went iPhone once before right? You might not enjoy it that much in the long run.
Damn, the V20. At least the Note 8 is going to be here shortly. Maybe even the Pixel 2 will be worth it despite the headphone jack.
Around February, found a 64GB at a used shop nearby for a decent price so I just went for it. I still think it's too big but I'm happy with it. The camera is crazy good.
That's amazing. What a sight for them to see considering where they are from and where they've made it to. 

Good for them. Really glad to see such a welcome.
I agree, only with adopting an open standard should the headphone port be dropped. Failing that, Google just appears more out of touch than before. 
Team tec-armor buys could claim so many more rounds if this goes live without change. 

Glad they used the beta client for this, though.
So is mine. 
Valve has shown that they care little for the requests the community makes. The community server browser is awful, a lot of players don't know that it's even there, and it's been like this for a long time. I've given up. 
10v10 canals or insertion.. 

That's my fetish.. 
Can we get a hostage map, too? Just for fun? Or a 10v10? Just for fun? Probably observers nightmare but I think it'd be cool to see what 20 pros do on one server. 
I bet all he needs is a fresh environment. Certainly has the skill, just needs consistency. 
Your life is gonna keep on going, buddy! 
I guess you'll have to get used to being tired of waiting then. 
That's my fetish.

Plus more market presence since OEMs will see a resurgence in trust in AMD. 

Hoping for some Raven Ridge ultrabooks, hopefully with Linux. 🤞
Are you refusing to acknowledge the Corean War? 

People these days... 😒
They did show a slide earlier this year saying that the first step in Vega is gaining the lower part of the high end enthusiast level of the graphic market. It showed the next step, 2018 / Vega 20 would cover the whole range of the high end. So maybe they'll have a xx80ti competitor with Vega 20. Maybe. 
Hope they give multi monitor users some love soon. Let us choose a default monitor to lock ReLive to. 
It's one of the few series that have had great hits throughout its history. The classic original, the mind-boggling fun ET, and now the new ones which are so polished and fun it makes other modern FPS games look like shit. 
It's one of the few series that have had great hits throughout its history. The classic original, the mind-boggling fun ET, and now the new ones which are so polished and fun it makes other modern FPS games look like shit. 
Im woke
Doesn't seem like all of the press is unhappy. Besides, AMD wants to tease and they chose someone who has a massive audience and spreads quickly across the net. I don't like Linus' style much but I think they chose right for a good tease.
Selling it separately might be a smart idea, though.
WutFace WutFace
Well they could say that but then they did say "commanding return to the ultra high end." So, I take that as clearly winning somewhere. I guess as long as it's competitive, I'm happy. I'd just have wanted less of a wild ride. 
今名古屋市に住んでいる。日本に場所にたくさん行ったことがあるけど瀬戸内海と大阪は私の一番好きな場所だ。大阪はノンストップ楽しかったよ！
Why do you say that? He's privy to more information that you are.. unless you have information?
I think more than anything, companies need to agree on a new standard. I don't care what it is - but an open standard is necessary for us to not take a step backwards. 
If it doesn't reach the ultra-enthusiast performance level, then AMD lied big time.

>The release of Vega later this year will mark Radeon’s commanding return to the ultra-enthusiast gaming market. 

From the [ve.ga](http://ve.ga) website.

Edit: Hardware Canucks:

>Annnd.  More!  If these don't make u excited....u aren't a true gamer.  :). Competition is back baby and @AMDGaming firing on all cylinders!

So AMD must have been holding back quite a bit of information if this is really true. I thought there was something suspicious about Vega, but it's on both sides of the performance bracket. What about it makes it so special and is it really special as a gaming card?
Let's be honest, there are a lot of people are care too much. They are the ones who need to tone it down.
Community asks for unranked 5v5.

"That idea doesn't pass the smell test." - Value Community Manager Sean Spicer
Maybe AMD will talk a little about Raven Ridge, since it's an APU with Vega inside. 
I'll have to look again later, but I'm not so sure. Maybe something was added and I missed that. 
Allow multi-monitor users to select a default monitor for ReLive. 

Sammy, plz
I agree. Set longer freeze time and shorter post-round time and also add buying tips for all the people who simply cannot understand what grenades can do.

On top of that, Value - can you please listen to the community can give us Unranked 5v5? Casual competitive would be great. Give us the ability to jump in and out of matches but also keep the feeling of playing CS as CS was meant to be played. It may also help create a more relaxed atmosphere.

Or give some damn love and attention to community servers, because you know we'll do everything that you refuse to do for us.
Sorry, my source requested to be kept anonymous.
This card gets weirder by the day.
My uncle *is* Vega. He says he's going to retail at $399.98 cause he's cool like that.
Angles matter when doing wallbanging. So make sure you angle yourself properly, perpendicular (or as best as you can) so that the round doesn't bounce off.
That's not true. Towers offer no boosts to team scoring.
That isn't true. I can't recall a time when that was ever true. I found a forum post here Inch says that they were discussing benefits but there is literally nothing more and that post was from 2015.

Towers do not boost team scoring. As someone else mentioned, you can test this in an empty server as well.
~~Nice, I never noticed that.~~

Edit: I'll blame it on me being sleepy, but I misread this completely. Good idea.

Also, Readeon lol. Passive aggressive sounding title.
I want to make some noise using machine learning plz raja.
I'm not expecting 1080ti levels but a few Firestrike results don't paint a full picture.
AMD asked him to use a 1080, but he went with the 1080ti instead.
>Users with multiple monitor setups can now specify which monitor to default ReLive to.

One can dream.
Come on, man, that has nothing to do with it. The truth is that, culturally, Japanese people are expected to follow instead of make their own paths. Even changing simple things for small events can be met with a bunch of obstacles. 
But that's not what people want to hear now, especially for a second generation of "high end" attempt. I want to upgrade by the end of the year, but it seems like my build wont include Vega.
All their shit talking is what is going to make this look bad. Sure, the timing would have been disappointing to begin with but it's the talk up that will lead the let down. "RX Vega will be much faster than FE," "Poor Volta," etc. Simply saying they were aiming for the upper-mid/high end and shutting up would have been preferable (they quietly mentioned this in a presentation slide but only recently).
Raja's got some splainin' to do..
>Monkey

😉
If I recall correctly, these XTX, XT, and XL names are internal codenames. Release should be different. Will try to dig up where I read that.
The definition of Arma'd.
I love VP. I'm a big SK fan but I really do like a lot of the teams. It's hard not to, especially when they have stories like VP's and just great people. I'm torn that they didn't make it but on the other hand I'm happy with Gambit and Immortals. 

Pro CS has become so brutal in terms of competition in the past two years, but at least most of the teams and players are likable, (which also makes it hard not to feel bad). I'm glad VP had support, at least.
Same, as a Floridian I was pretty upset to be asked to get out of the water on a blistering Saturday morning.
These days they seem to care more about it in my experience. Perhaps some school administrators strongly encourage teachers to not use the air conditioning for whatever reason. Really backwards. 

The use of air conditioning may also have a set date for use (though who would still be holding out by now?). This year it was June 12th or if it reached 28 degrees. A week before that it reached like 26 or so, but of course we couldn't use the fucking air conditioning because conditions weren't met. 😒 

Reminds me of the "no swimming in the beach before June 2nd" that I ran into this year. Good grief. Nature doesn't use a calendar, Japan. 
Since you are oh so smart and great and stuff, you should know that arguing a point requires support to back up your claim. Bothered to make several claims without support on an open forum, so don't cry when someone calls you out for it.

>Claim 1 is easily found by googling "Star Citizen Studio Tours", I'm not your librarian. If you don't want to take my word for it fine but its really not hard to see the skorpio dev consoles in the studio tours. So stick your head in the sand because it makes you feel better to just say "source" like a childish parrot.

Someone else sounds childish, resorting to name-calling when no one else has. I will not Google for you, as this is your claim that we are talking about.

>Claim 2 I paraphrased what Chris recently said about doing it if it didn't sacrifice fidelity. I don't feel the need to spend any amount of my free time digging through often contradictory Croberts quotes because I have a memory longer than a goldfish. If he feels the need to look up stuff to reassure himself that's fine but I already knew what croberts said in 2013 because again, I have a memory.

Again, your "memory" is just adequate support in an argument no matter how many times you say it. I am surprised you do not realize this.

>This is reddit, not an academic journal (which I have written papers for and frankly you guys are tougher to please because in academic journals I don't have to cite that the sky is blue because my opinion is different from yours). I know its sort of part of the culture of this subreddit but it makes everyone look extremely neurotic to outsiders.

Again, this is an open forum where you have openly made claims. You cannot be surprised or upset as you are now about being called out for making baseless claims. Provide proof or change your stance.

>Try to learn something from this.

I have learned that you are not very good at this.
I think you are confusing Volta's Tesla card with the consumer gaming cards. I don't think Volta consumer cards will have HBM2. Just the V100 - Tesla - card as grndzro mentioned.
Refreshing the link in app works, too.
Yeah, I'm sure there are consoles and other gaming stuff in the offices but this guy said "dev consoles."
Provide proof or stop saying stuff like this. You have now made several claims and provided no proof of any. 

Claim 1) There are dev consoles in the CIG studios

Support 1) None whatsoever but we should apparently take this as fact from you.

Claim 2) CIG is working on Star Citizen / Squadron 42 on consoles.

Support 2) "And chris has walked that back saying they will release on consoles if they can but 'not sacrifice quality'" - not cited with a link or referenced material, but we should somehow take this as fact.

Claim 3) Any official stance from Chris Roberts is null if it is older than a month.

Support 3) None whatsoever but we should apparently take this as fact from you

Let's look at the other side of the argument, where the claim has been made and supported properly:

>[The post you replied to.](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/6o50t4/a_relatively_big_facebook_gaming_page_posted_a/dkeq35o/)
That's not a shuttle. 
Did you turn on the "Record Desktop" option? It doesn't seem obvious but that's required in order to do anything.
What is this? ACE3 Zeus Coop or something else?
This is likely what OP is experiencing. Had the same realization. 
RIP x299 we hardly knew ye.
Yeah, I've only seen three so far, including yours, after some light searching. But, of course, I'm not picky. React is fun so I'll keep playing with it no matter what happens.
Ugh. Cool but fuck I wanna read and get my tinfoil back on. 
I gotta say, thanks for sharing so much about your company and its opportunities. I've been working on React and Flux/Redux for a little while (definitely my favorite so far) and am hoping to make the career switch early next year. Being new to the field, it gets depressing looking at job listings but the info you shared is encouraging. Maybe, with more hard work, there's room for me yet in Tokyo and I won't need to be a native Japanese speaker and will get to use cool frameworks and libraries like React. 
Did you read my post? Xbox DVR re-enabled itself which is the reason why I made this post. 
I had it disabled before, as I wrote, but thanks for playing.
Make sure you have "Record Desktop" enabled (under global). That's the one thing to click to enable all of it. 

I noticed the guy in the video didn't mention that, which is rather silly. 

Show us a screenshot of your ReLive option screen if you don't mind.
Keep your VPN on and you'll be gold. Don't slip up and forget, especially when uploading. 
I get it if your phone is your main media thing, but I've found that 64GB covers a good deal pretty well for me and I consider myself to be not quite a power user but not an average user (and I've had 3 Nexus phones). I just wish, more than the SD card, that Google would make larger capacity the standard for their phones. Like 64GB for the base, 128GB for $30 more, 256 for $50 more. But those are Nexus dream prices so.. if it ever happened those wouldn't be the prices.
Oh boy. 
Could still work fine with that bread if it was placed flat.
Make a smaller one like this, god dammit. 
That's because people overreact all the time and never seem to learn. Too much hype and not enough chill. 
Highly unlikely. It's a Google device. 
I only have one thing to say about that crossbow: it's really stupid. Over-engineered and "tacticool," I'm sure it'll have some ridiculous reason for existing in universe. 
Hope the rumor about the smaller phone being just a Pixel with a 2 slapped on isn't true. Give us a flagship phone that isn't big, please. I like my N6P but it's just unwieldy. 
Lol my typing got 1000x worse when I switched to the Nexus 6p. Not surprised to see my errors. 

Same, being in Japan. 
Also

* Not available in your country Navy

Bit of a mouthful, that one. 
Lol I know, I was just trying to be funny. But TIL some German, thanks. 
Is that like the internet version spionage? Like email is to mail?
Good call, I actually didn't think to check the manual it came with (but that's why I'm here huh). It's Rinnai RF-651FF-RR-R-S. Or RF-651FF-RR-L-S. I just got the manual out so and I'm gonna read over it, see if it shreds light on it. 

Update: nothing in the manual. Says the lowest temp is 38 degrees. Manual calls 38 degrees 'ぬるめ' 😒
That's the same armor, compare them. It's just gone from concept art to actual in game. Some things get changed a little. It also has all the things attached to it that would actually be necessary for combat. If you'd rather go with just the armor to look cool, sure I guess you can do that when the game gets to that point.
Here's one that feels like a proper stupid question:

Is there a way to trick/hack my water heater below 38 degrees? I'd go with no heat in this weather if it wasn't water piped directly from a refrigerator. From the options I have on my control panel, it doesn't seem to have such an option directly but I'd be willing to inappropriately finger it to get what I want.
Congratulations.
They said there will be partner cards.No details, of course, but we can assume both cards will have third party choices.
It wouldn't matter where you bought it if it's an approved retailer. If Hauwei is doing refunds then you may have a chance.
God damn I approve. If the bugs I dealt with were bigger, I'd probably buy this up immediately. My building, I assume due to the way Japanese plumbing is, gets sink flies easily.  And I would spend hours murdering the mosquitoes that come through my 10th story windows. -.-
Yeah that engine needs to go.
Wow, that's actually really infuriating.
Good Eats had some great props. I recognized all of them. Can't wait, I love that show. 
That game is really high quality. You'll be itching to kill Nazis at every cutscene. 
English is a required subject from 5th grade to 9th (compulsory education). Most Japanese go to some form of high school/vocational school though, and English is usually taught in some capacity there, too(really depends on the school's focus). So most Japanese people under 30 or 40 have a good deal of English exposure. English is taught for taking tests, though, so it's basically grammar translating with some listening practice sprinkled on in compulsory school.

Most Japanese don't follow up with their education and are limited to very basic to common phrase understanding. Usually poor speaking due to lack of opportunity. But there is a large amount of people self studying or going to private lessons. Private lessons are a big industry here. 

Having lived here for a while, I keep running into a lot of people who have a better than average command of English and are not part of tour guiding or in some tourist area. My city, for example, is not very popular for visiting but is a very large city. I've met convenience store clerks, random elderly people, nurses (who work in small, local clinics), landscapers, company executives, and factory workers who have great command. 

It's more than just touristy places. Sure, the majority of Japanese people might not be great past "Hello. How are you?" but there is a significant amount of people who speak and understand English. And as far as advertisements go, there's still plenty of English on ads out here. Some words or phrases are just catchy for whatever is being advertised and the meaning isn't really important.

A lot of people assume they are safe to talk shit about Japanese people, even in train cars in Tokyo, and they embarrass every foreigner with their ignorance.
Yeah, I was not a happy camper when they announced RS2 would be using UE3. That engine got outpaced relatively quickly and the FPS gameplay is subpar in my opinion. Yet they built a new game with it for 2017. I understand that they may have wanted to go with a faster dev turn around, but man I was hoping they'd fucking move on from that engine. Now I have to wait for someone else to get historical, somewhat asymmetrical FPS right and put it on a good engine. 
If the Pixel 2 is a hot mess, then yeah, there's no question I'm sticking with the N6P. I dislike iOS and I don't like most of the other manufacturers' skins and designs (fuck physical navi buttons). I'm a spoiled Nexus brat, can't change that easily. 

I had my N5 for three and a half years. I can stay happy with this N6P for a while yet, it's quite fast and the camera is amazing. 
Nagoya, a large city but not a huge one, nor touristy. 

Ah, haha maybe I am, I'll give you that. I thought about it after I sent that reply (had to run so I couldn't come back and edit/delete). But I do run into a diverse group from young to old, professional to part time or students. Maybe it's the recent uptick in English focus. Well, at the very least using an English phrase in promotional stuff is pretty common, wouldn't you say? 
I think you are underselling their ability. Maybe the ones in your circle can't speak or understand English, but I continue to be surprised by all the people I meet who can speak or at least understand it. 

And I'm not in Tokyo, so... 
Ah that's not too shabby at all. The mid range pricing isn't too bad, I'll admit, but the Fury X and 1080 Ti prices are insane. I have a 290X now so the jump to the 580 isn't as big as I'd want for an upgrade, so I've been considering high end. Problem with that here is it's 7万 or more.

But summer is here and my 290X is dying anyway. I may end up going mid range anyway. 
It seems to be getting more popular these days. Nintendo and Playstation still have most of the market, as well as smartphone games, but PC gaming has been getting more and more exposure recently and that seems to be catching a little here. More exciting, stable online games, Twitch and YouTube gaming, more visually appealing products and marketing as well. 

The problem is that most PCs that people see at work and offices are absolutely horrible in every way. I can understand how some might be surprised to learn what capabilities PCs have for gaming. 

Not being in Tokyo, I can't speak for the Akihabara crowds too much but that's what I've noticed from my city. Akihabara does have an awesome esports gaming cafe, though, all PCs and set up like they hold tournaments. Also some Japanese CSGO scene, though small. 
>But then again I know nothing about Japan

Don't worry, neither do most  people.
Good to see big ads for the PC community here. Gaming is mostly dominated by handheld and consoles but there's a pocket of PC gamers here. Unfortunately, most of Japan just looks at PCs as work machines and so prices for parts can be absolutely outrageous. People complain about video card prices in America right now.. It's worse here. RAM too. At Amazon, anyway. I'm not in Tokyo so I can't comment on their prices. 
No, it doesn't. Japanese PC gamers and builders know about new tech products, the ads don't have to be completely Japanese. Besides that, a lot of Japanese people have a good deal of English understanding. 

Plenty of adverts in Japan have English on them. The GeForce ad you referenced still has English on it. 

Source: Am an expat in Japan. One of my coworkers last year was a PC gamer, built her own rig. 
Fucking GROK, yes please. That's what I named my laptops (which  are used for studying). Need a new laptop soon, GROK 4/4 or 4/8 AMD ultrabook plz (with Linux since I'm already daydreaming).

Reference:  Grok is term coined by Robert A. Heinlein in his book "Stranger in a Strange Land." It means "to understand." I think it was literally "to consume wholly" or something like that.

That said, I have no idea what these TMs could mean. Probably just placeholders? Unless they plan on talking/teasing mobile at SIGGRAPH.
Reminds me of Machine's hotmic'd complaint about ESL's recent broadcast fuckery.

Edit:[this string of issues](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/156744364?t=03h12m20s). About four or five mistakes between 3:12 to 3:15:30. Lol ESL staff downvoting.
No. There is too much hype and attention on it to begin with from this community. Healthy excitement is good, but it's past that for many in my opinion. As the delays come and the goals get trimmed, more and more people will see their hype eat away at them. At best put it on the sidebar.
I'm pretty sure all of our hub-bub is due to this FE thing being planned marketing. You may think, "Most of it's bad - how can that be what they wanted?" But it's getting tons of people talking about Vega and talk, good or bad, can really help when you're about to release a big product. IF RX Vega is a big 1080Ti / Volta competitor, then all this talk is just gearing up a big, probably successful launch. If it's not, it still puts the word out, especially when it launches (imagine the amount of coverage, holy shit) on the street that RX Vega is an alternative product. 

Honestly, most people don't give a shit about how much it improves. I really wanna know more about the tech they haven't properly shown off but as long as I can have competitive options, that's what I really care about.

Personally, I'm expecting the two rumored RX Vega cards to sit in the 1080+ (so between both top cards) and 1080Ti+ (more powerful, will still be a contender when Volta comes around and V20 is being manufactured) spots. This whole thing is really fishy. 

If I'm wrong, whatever. 
You bet your sweet ass they don't. 
"Stop saying inaccurate things about our product!" 

Then explain your product better. 
Look at the telemetry and see for yourself that no brake checking was happening. If you want an actually reputable source just look at the FIAs stance on it. You could have done that instead of editing your post to brush off all the people saying you're spreading something that was proven false. 
That's a reasonable concern, I suppose, but BIS isn't likely to neglect the community that has made it successful. They know how much the community carries their games. 

But I'm not talking about porting Arma 3 to Enfusion. That's time wasted in my opinion. Better for Arma 4 or whatever it'll become to be Arma's move into Enfusion. 
I'm somewhat fine with that. As long as they launch with more varied vehicles than Arma 3 started with and really button down on performance and stability, especially multi-player missions (though I will agree a lot of it has to do with how the mission is made, some are just hamfisted). 2020 seems realistic. 
Might actually be the case now. The engine  Arma 3 is on is Reality Engine 4, which is a heavily modified version of a heavily modified version of a heavily modified version of Operation Flashpoint's engine, Reality Engine from 2001. 

Enfusion still looks the same when you look at it but apparently it's extremely different.Just hope they do put a laser focus on performance.
We're talking about high level 100m Come in Fifth Place racing here.
Yeah, the only thing going for the HBM2 short supply rumor is that HBM(1) had some issue with that. Otherwise there hasn't been any support for that claim. 

It's more likely, and a few tech commentators have said this as well, that the delay seems to be software related. Raja alluded to that in the recent AMA. Am on mobile but check my post history, I have a link to that in a recent post. 
Maybe small studios, but bigger ones would probably go for actual Pro devices, not the hybrid card that is FE.
That last one.. 
NIP IS IN FOR A BAD TIME.

SK IN THE HOUSE, SET YOUR BETS TO 'BAD FALLEN'

RIP ALL TEAMS GG SK 
If it's timed just right it pretty much underscores the comedic value of the dialogue. 
I wish more people understood that the majority of people who have used or are using welfare programs do not want to be in the position they're in. There are so many people like you who have similar stories. It's a basic concept that people want to be better off if they have the ability to be, but so many assume, incorrectly, that the majority of people just use it to get by. I'm glad your comment has such visibility. Thanks for sharing it. 
I have one before.
I am absolutely for the Nexus 6P. My device has not had any issues. Maybe some touch lag but I'm still not 100% that's not just me.

Sure, others have had issues, but many people have also not had issues. We who do not have issues do not often feel the need to speak out about it because things are going as they should be. 

Seeing how OnePlus devices fare and how their company is - plus the benefits of the 6P (the cameras are amazing), I wouldn't suffer a OnePlus. There's a risk with a 6P, that can be said, but I think it's worth it when the other option is a OnePlus.
Again, it's not the third person, it's the tower element. 

You think I spend hours simmering on this subject? You assume too much, random internet guy. 
Mostly just the fact that he's in a tower doing it. Pretty much the scummiest you can get.
Hopefully it's available worldwide this time (assuming it's a competitive phone). 
Good kill on the tower rat. 
Well, that's where my opinion differs.
They aren't that special. I don't notice much of a difference between the dual speakers and my old Nexus 5 speakers. 

Besides that, I have good PC speakers and headphones available any time I actually need to play stuff at higher volume or quality. 

Edit: Lol, what a pitiful group of people to downvote someone for not sharing their opinion. And none of you offered any insight into what you think makes these speakers so much better. I own the phone, and I've owned many, they do nothing but offer more volume, which isn't important because I'm rarely ever going to need to fill a large space with sound from my phone. I'd much rather get something built for that purpose so it'll sound nice as well.
You da man, acyprus!
I'm pretty sure it was just a joke that people took too seriously.
I'd buy Karts... two more times.
Unfortunately, I don't think there's an option. 

But I'm with you, I'd pay to have it turned off by default.
The Vega you are referring to is the weird FE model that isn't gaming focused. I would stop assuming that FE is what RX will be. 

After all, Raja did say that the RX model would be faster and include some 'goodies' that he wouldn't go into. It's likely that the drivers designed to take full advantage of gaming optimization is in its final stages, due to ship with RX. 
If they delay it so far back to Q4, that could mean they're going to make a hardware revision - which typically take 2-3 months. 

I doubt think that's likely to happen now since FE is out and AIBs have the chipset. 
Yup. And I think this is the reason why they have been slow to getting Vega out.

>>6) Many argue that vega is just a refined polaris gpu, how would you respond to this ?

>My software team wishes this was true:)

From the [most recent AMA](https://www.reddit.com/r/Amd/comments/6bklro/we_are_radeon_technologies_group_at_amd_and_were/dhqoev5/).
Who's bright idea was that? That was horrible in every way.
Excuse me, /r/THEocho thank you very much.
I think we should at least give Raja the benefit of the doubt and wait till RX Vega gets benched and reviewed before going all gloom and doom. It could be shit, but we were told the FE is not going to be what RX is multiple times. People here just can't hold back their hype and are projecting it onto a card that isn't the one most here are looking for.
Surprised to see this so far down the comment chain.
His disqus page went completely silent. It was just made a day or two ago so I'm guessing it was a throwaway. Still doesn't explain why though.
You know, I like most of my stuff to be black but having multi-colored ref cards like these would be an awesome sales point for AMD. The PC market has reached the point of accessorizing everything else so why not ref video cards?
Not much to say since others have already put your comment to bed. Comments in the heat of the moment vs comments after getting a cooler head. 
Absolutely. 
You're saying that you believe that Vettel doesn't realize he knocked into Hamilton? So he sat in that car and didn't feel what happened, see the gap close between along side?

Then during the red flag period, no one talked to him about his conduct?

You're confused, buddy.
He definitely knows and how bad it was. After that incident, there was the long red flag period and he did a lot of talking and listening to Maurizio. Vettel's just playing ignorant to avoid making himself look bad.
Not applying the throttle or brakes to give both the pack behind him time to react and the SC time to get distance? What's so wrong with that? 
I'm all over the subreddit, and 'here' is referring to the subreddit. I have added to the discussion, maybe you want to read the comment again. 

Also you should check more than one subreddit thread. 
Willful ignorance or did he actually not feel his car hit Hamilton's? We may never know. 

Actually, we can be sure he knows because of all the attention he had during the red flag stop. Vettel has lost a lot of respect from me. 

I'm sure somehow it's still Hamilton's fault according to everyone here. 

Edit: Vettel fan club trying to downvote every low score comment in this thread, lol. Like that'll help.
When other drivers do it to anyone other than Hamilton: "That was dirty! Where'd the black flag?!" 

When anyone does that against Hamilton: "Haha! Whatever that shit is totally legal. Maldonado was just a fluke. Stop whining like Hamilton, salty boy." 
Are you thick? He complained about safety car pace, but this incident happened when the safety car was coming in. Hamilton slows to give the SC time to make distance. I know that we are watching the same broadcast, you know have the same information available to you. He didn't stop, he slowed for the purpose of restarting the race properly. 
Vettel - using a car as a weapon but no black flag? Eyes show clearly that he violently attacked another car with his.
Yes, the guy in the formula 1 subreddit knows how to drive as the leader behind the safety car better than a 3 time world champion with decades of experience. 
Roadmaps are hopeful predictions, people need to come off the topic of whether it's late or not.
/u/BottasWMR FP3 full gif! 

Hehehehe
Pretty good one, I think. But it'll only be cemented if FOM hires a meme expert to put it on the graphics. 
The Witcher 3 has excellent Japanese audio. You can set English subs to keep along, too.
Same, the quality of the car doesn't particularly matter to me. Trying to find the closest space has always seemed like one of the dumbest things someone could do with their time.

Then again, I don't mind when people park next to me in the back. I figure they are at least a little bit more aware of the reason why people park away and might actually be more careful with their car doors.
Liar, you aren't cold, you're not even there. 
Probably my favorite of the classics, this one. Referenced it all the time, never knowing how far it spread across the US. The internet makes me appreciate it that much more. 
I remember a retired security guy was telling me to get into COBOL. He told me, "If you wanna make a quick six figure salary, get skilled in a language no one learns but is still massively used - like COBOL. People will kill for you." Ever since then I've sat on my ass and done nothing of the sort.
Kergasm Kergasm Kergasm Kergasm

That board looks huge but maybe it's just the photo.
*WHHAAAAAHOOOOOOOOO*
This subreddit is not the place to repost within the same month. 
I'm waiting to see if a Ryzen 4 core gets placed in Dell's dev XPS lineup. If I'm dropping $1000 or more, I think a 4 core requirement is not outrageous these days.
Man, I'm a teacher and I often go looking for basic pictures like clipart of trees or something and there is just fuck tons of stock photo clipart of simple stuff. I'm not too surprised by this, honestly. They'll throw watermarks on literally anything. 
Even when Nvidia refers to SP2 Xp, they include the "Pascal" clarification. I'd assume the new Titan is what they are comparing it to. 
Good write up. I wish there were more posts like this on PCMR rather than animals and rgb bullshit. Discussions from this and other hardware announcements are really good to read. 
I'd imagine some parents would be annoyed by this, too. Conservative or not, if the state can handle it then why not? It only serves to help.
A mature Internet has many features. 
I have the same problem and I'm using SwiftKey - been using SwiftKey since the days when it had a free and pro version. Glad to see that it might not be me getting worse at thumb typing.
Also helps push their mobile agenda. If Fuschia is the future of Android, having a strong flagship SoC would push that forward, wouldn't it? 
At least he buys utility and tries to use it. Just gotta work on that simple understanding on timing and physics and he'll be all right.
There are a bunch of international parties that are held, some every month. Lots of people, including Japanese, go there to meet others, make friends, etc., in English. I believe one is called Elan, you might be able to find it on Facebook. If you're in uni, you'll find many others, too, I'm sure. 
Yeah, I remember reading about that. Sudden script addition/change, sort of fits the concept of improvising. Fantastic monologue either way.
> did people really buy it? 

Wasn't in stock long enough for me to buy. Nor available for easy purchasing (I'm in Japan - would have gladly imported, though).

I don't think the Pixel should be considered for any kind of impact, good or bad. Never had a real chance.
Rutger Hauer's Tears in the Rain always gives me chills.
GET STUFFED NON-HAMILTON FANS, IT'S HAMILTON'S YEAR AGAIN. 
That book in game version wouldn't be any fun. Who wants to sell weird Americana to people?
This is made by MachineGames, the same folks who did Wolfenstein: The New Order (Doom was id). I wouldn't think they'd do that when they were given free reign over how to develop W:TNO (For example, not forced to make a multiplayer component). TNO was a major success, so I'd bet they were allowed to have the same control or more over this one.
Man, I'm from Florida and was wondering why it looked so much like the south but was in Maryland. What a trip.
Sir Patrick Bruce Stewart
It's obvious he and some others are thinking that shock means hysterical.
Aww, that's a damn shame. It's an original, but not a race helmet. Can't imagine how Lewis felt hearing that.
The real helmet will be delivered in Monaco. Replica was just for the presentation. 
https://twitter.com/thebuxtonblog/status/873620187857141760
Actual helmet to be delivered to him in Monaco. Replica was just for the presentation. 
https://twitter.com/thebuxtonblog/status/873620187857141760
Real one to be delivered to Lewis. 
https://twitter.com/thebuxtonblog/status/873620187857141760
Gotta appeal to the iPhone crowd. 
Love the fresh take on it, and the clean font choice. 

Any font heads know what it might be? Or someone from PGL wanna hit me up? I haven't looked into it but I can tell it's a San Serif typeface. 
It's so iconic that it's the original audio from way back when! 

You can't get rid of that. 
I've yet to see this documenting that you mention, though. 
Chose an argument, man. You keep hopping around trying to sound smart with your short replies but you only make yourself look stupid. 
There's far more to Ryzen than your blanket misinformation statement there. You are either not aware and aren't willing to look up the information (yet still want to make claims on the topic) or you are aware and don't want to admit it (or you're paid for). You know what's also marginally better than your CPU in gaming? Intel's current CPUs. It's not really worth it to upgrade from yours at the moment for gaming. I'm not sure what you're trying to say here.

If you use your computer for heavy multi-threaded work, the 1800x beats the pants off of the 4770 and the Broadwell chips. Newer released gaming titles do make more effective use of cores and threads than titles that were released three or four years ago, and so Ryzen has a clear advantage there. 

You should actually have a look at the data. Sounds like you're misinformed.
If Ryzen is better than Intel, you'll go Intel? No smart, but that's your money.
I'm not asking if you see the need to upgrade now. It's a matter of when you do it. Would you get something that's already old hat or get something that's more capable over the next 4-5 years and a better value to boot?
I still don't believe it's hardware based. Most people in this subreddit keep repeating this but there is nothing to back this up. 

Raja's comments in the recent AMA suggest its driver based. A few tech commentators have been suggesting the same thing. 
Got my Nexus 6P at Janpara in Osu for a good price. They had a lot of iPhones there. You can check their website for stock before going and if another shop in some other prefecture has what you want, you can request it to a nearby shop. 
Do you buy your CPUs solely for a month of use? Most people keep theirs for several years. 

Buying an Intel CPU that is marginally faster in single-threaded biased situations but worse in multi-threaded situations (which are situations that are already standard - mind you) with the intention of keeping it for 4-5 years is just silly. 
"I'll send you a big box full of deodorant, got the box right next to me." 

^^^only ^^^the ^^^box
How are they going to be when the usefulness of multi-threading is obvious now..? Go look at all benches and tests of Ryzen on multi-threaded programs and you'll see that it's not some far off future. 

Being a few percentage better in single-threaded means very little in the grand scheme of things. 

Besides that, assuming Intel is going to be superior as they are fumbling to get a competitive product out is pretty silly. Unless you're being paid for, then that'd explain your stance. 
Behind by a small margin. Not enough to be a big deal. Besides, AMD is way ahead in multi-threaded performance, which is what more of what we'll be seeing in the future.

Nice downvotes, boys. Can't hide what is already out there for others to see.
Tanao Invade and Annex has a lot of awesome, new features. It's a pretty well made mission.
What and the unsoldered i9s are gonna be a lot better? Are you being paid by Intel?
More like rage at the pilot for landing in such an unsafe spot. Also bad approach. Put people in safe LZs, pilots!
Whoa whoa whoa - the more access gamers have to many cores and many threads, the sooner we'll have better multi-threaded games that take advantage of the new average. It's not that games need to reach some point - they could have been well threaded long ago. It's the average consumer that will spur the development of engines that better use multi-threading.
https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/6fan65/this_sub_right_now/dih6a7y/
AMD should be somewhere in this meme, standing off just looking great. AMD's ThreadRipper is making Intel look really dumb.

No random reboots or battery issues here. Second hand 6P, but great condition. Some lag which really shouldn't be there, maybe some touch issues (or I'm crazy), otherwise the phone functions swimmingly. 
I might be able to figure it out given a little time later, but hopefully a resident designer / fonthead will figure it out first. Some nice Sans Serif based font, looks like.
Because people are sensitive. I guess.
I will, and I'll go with Ryzen. But first Imma OC the shit out of  the 3570k, lol.
Same, makes me wanna watch it for just the clean font alone.
Fairly recent addition to GOTV, easy to miss that in the patch notes.
I agree but I would just add: Upgrading for more cores and threads isn't a bad thing, if that's what one wants. Gamers should want the norm do be more multi-threaded games. The more they believe that games will not go past 4, the longer we'll sit here not utilizing the tech that is widely available. 
What, cause Intel is slightly faster in single threaded operations? The future is multi-threaded operations. The gap AMD has closed is really telling with just the first gen of a new architecture. Give it time, unless you enjoy watching Intel price gouge the shit out of the CPU market. 

Being King of CPUs is relative to one's position, anyway. 
If you're a silly person, maybe. 
I hear ya, that's a good point. This time around I'm just not so sure because it could be that that past mistake was learned from. The new architecture makes this not so clear cut. If it was just Fury 2.0, I'd probably agree. I just think Raja's comment speaks volumes. Someone in the comments of that article mentioned a respin of Vega being a possibility, as it would tack on a few months delay. 
Same, such filth is not allowed on my ships. 
I don't believe so. The comments for that article don't say much more than what comments here are saying. It's just conjecture on either side, really, but I think the signs are more telling that this is software.
My Origin coat isn't on the roadmap for this year's coat redesigns. >:(
It's the StarCitizen sub, buddy. People would get in bunches if Benny's isn't mentioned at least once a month.
If rompers (both genders) are in the game, I will fund again.
No, I don't think so. For one, AMD has had a deal with SK Hynix for quite a while over HBM tech. So even if Nvidia had a bunch of orders for Telsa, AMD will have priority. I don't think production of HBM2 is strained since both Nvidia and AMD have products launching this year that uses it - meaning that I'd assume they'd have a good roadmap of how much can be produced in order to launch.

I think it's software roadblocks. Raja mentioned software [in the AMA recently](https://www.reddit.com/r/Amd/comments/6bklro/we_are_radeon_technologies_group_at_amd_and_were/dhqoev5/):

>>6) Many argue that vega is just a refined polaris gpu, how would you respond to this ?

>My software team wishes this was true:)

Fudzilla has a short article that mentions HBM2 not being the issue, but provides no sources. They suggest that it's likely software issues: 
http://www.fudzilla.com/news/graphics/43781-vega-gpu-coming-at-siggraph

I think I also recall AdoredTV (YouTube) saying that he believes it's software related.
M'high Level Components. 
Yeah, geez, what's with all this misinformation about ~~Vega~~ Navi? 
I've been living in Japan for a few years, didn't see their most recent performance. Looked it up just after making that comment and I'm happy they've turned it around. Been a long time coming. 
Well, my 6P doesn't do that. 

Downvotes won't change the fact that there are plenty of people who don't have issues. We just don't feel a need to speak out about how well our experiences are going - people don't do that. 
I'll be holding on to the 6P for a while. The earliest I plan to buy a new phone will likely be late next year. Hopefully the Pixel line will have some character to it. 
Had my Nexus 5 for three and a half years, and I can definitely see the 6P doing the same. 
You guys need to stop drinking the kool-aid so much.
And reading the armchair Oval Operators here, you'd believe it.

But really, it's just a spin and a chance for people who dislike Hamilton because of one reason or another to shit on him.

It's weird, people didn't have this much contempt for him back in the twilight years of McLaren. Definitely due to his winning, which is just weird to me. I never hatred Vettel when he was shitting on everyone and even nice guy Webber (though I thought he was a dick for Multi21).
The more the envelope gets pushed, the better. If more consumers bought (or, before Ryzen, were able to buy) CPUs with more cores and threads, more developers would be working to utilize a growing number of users with lots of cores and threads. Sure, some programs might not be at that point where they can, but we shouldn't be considering our purchases solely on what is capable now, in this moment.
Plus, Ryzen makes better sense down the road as more programs and games utilize (and better utilize) the extra cores and threads. Buying an i5 now is silly.
Do it for marketing and it's free!
AMD's ThreadRipper, I believe.
I'd go to an AMD Corean School
CoreWarMcCoreWarFace?
I saw a bus today that said "Corean School" on the side. I'm not sure who's mistake that was, a Korean person, a Japanese person, or someone of some other nationality because I live in Japan.

Anyway, yes to Corean War.
Dude, one- awesome source and two- I'm glad you went with the grammar mistake cause that's how shit seems to really hit FP.
If it's a work machine, and you're looking at keeping it for a few years on the same processor, I'd recommend an AMD Ryzen R5 or R7 over the 7600. The Ryzen series has shown really good results for work and play. Plus the number of cores and threads really suit software as more threads become supported. 
Man, Japan is the worst at this. People drive full on, engine valves dancing on the hood, just to stop and yield to the clearly in view and crossing pedestrians. They do it on turning stops, blind corners, you name it. I live in the area known for having the worst drivers in Japan, but this could just be what's taught at driving schools across Japan.
😳🐙
I am one with the blob, the blob is with me. ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
"We're just... phantoms."

*WHAaaaaaaaaHOOOOOOOOOOOOO*
Yeah, it's payday, too. You think I'm consuming bog standard complaints after payday? Better believe I'm looking for premium as fuck complaints. 
Exactly what I thought when I saw the gif. The title and the whole assumption is fucked up, no matter who it is. They look like their having fun but nope, reddit wants to hate. 
I love this video so much. I just wish I was a Captain of Coolness. 

I remember seeing it years ago, glad to see it pop up again. Saving to favorites this time!
Partially, I have to admit, exclusivity is pretty nice. It's cool when people ask about my phone, though I don't really expect it these days. Other than that, definitely the lack of bloatware and the stock experience and quality. 

Hopefully, the next Pixel actually has some character to it. And be available worldwide. 😑
I'd say that there's quite a few people who are clamoring for Vega because they are curious and that comes off as 'ready to buy.' 

I would know, I'm one of them. I just want to learn about their tech. That's always the fun part about new architecture. 
Is it really that hard to choose? The chairman of the board itself, CS, obviously. 
I want this to be used more often. 
Where is Day of Defeat 2?
Unlikely to happen. Skyrim never went Linux and Fallout 4 isn't much different from that. Bethesda just wants to pump out low-effort stuff these days anyways (see: Fallout 4).

There are lots of great titles available for Linux via Steam, though.
And a big "fuck you," to you  too, Google. 
Reminds me of this oldie, Dick Slang: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVx80aVxsm0
Represents the song title so well. 
Still waiting on The Winds of Winter and Half-Life 3. Both look less and less likely as the years turn to decades... A Dance with Dragons was 'only' released in 2011, but with GRRM not seemingly interested in the series on paper, I've lost hope.
SekiGamer is a pretty decent bloke, too.
No, he's not talking about something else. It's not a big deal, but he's just asking if you know the reason why yours looks a little squished compared the the norm (Look at his and your own clip, the scoreboard's team player indicator is not aligned properly. That's what he's talking about.
I wonder how many other people are having mutli-monitor related issues, then. Time to make a thread and maybe tweet Raja. 
Question not really related to the update: 
Does anyone else with two monitors have trouble with relive being on the wrong screen? Unless I start clicking on my primary immediately after start up, ReLive is always on the right monitor. It doesn't switch when I launch games either. Really annoying.

Doesn't matter much anyway because all my recordings lately have been choppy as hell.
He's agreeing with you.
Did you just assume his nationality?
Trump's America - Teach me the ways of your nation, dictator Estrogen, by beating (potentially my own) citizens on my own soil.
Nice thinking. Could be that CompuBench isn't reporting the second half correctly. This could be an interesting card, then, at 1600Mhz.
Dual GPU with 64 Compute Units? I'm not familiar with the Pro Duos but I don't think that's right.
Orlando seems to be growing in a good way. A friend of mine is involved with the city in some way (been awhile, can't recall), anyway she has nothing but praise for it when I talk to her. I think they've been improving public transportation systems as well.

Used cars in America are cheap, but it all depends on how low you're willing to go. Since it's Florida, I need to stress that a strong, working air conditioner is absolutely necessary. Most days are nice enough for you to have the windows down and just enjoy the weather, but when you've got passengers and/or stuck in traffic, you'll be wanting death if you don't have good AC.

I think you get paid more for being multilingual at most jobs. You may want to position yourself for a role in the public sector. I don't know much about this one, or where else you strong suits are, but just think smart and aim for jobs where you'd be well valued from the start. There are a lot of Spanish speaking people in Florida, so you won't be unique, but you'll certainly be welcomed.

Florida is a great place. We have our crazies, our racists, our downfalls, as would any society, but overall the state is made up of tolerant, intelligent people. Any bad experiences are unlikely to be unique to Florida. However, you do have to keep in mind hurricanes are no joke. Not sure where you're coming from but please take hurricanes seriously. I'm sure your family will guide you on this.

Good luck!
*This hurts you.*
Those ain't moon runes. *These* are moon runes:

日本語韓国語中国語など
That's great to hear, thank you! I figure there's quite a few people who do enjoy it but don't feel the need to speak out. I'll give them a try. 
thank mr arthur
Yeah, I've heard the same about Rakuten. Maybe it's because people who enjoy their work don't speak out much about it, comparatively. It could be a decent start. Might need to pony up on business Japanese.. :/

I guess it depends on your experience level. Codecademy's React course is a little dated but a good basic start. I also watched a tutorial series from Learn.CodeAcademy on YouTube, but that's also kind of dated because of how fast React has developed. Other than that, standard Google, docs, and a dream. Definitely seems to be worth learning, though. 
Thanks for your reply, and a million for that list. Understandable to hear that the ones that are around are mainly looking for experienced people. I do speak N3 level Japanese, though I wouldn't consider that enough. I suppose I could bring my ability up to N2 by next Feb., though.

I'll keep plugging away. I'd take a Japanese company over leaving Japan, as I still want to live here but don't want to keep teaching. Thanks again.
I'm sure I could make a thread for this, but I'd rather just ask from time to time:

I've been studying web dev stuff for a good year and a half now, working with React a lot lately, getting really familiar with concepts and stuff. Lots to go, definitely, but I feel like I'll be ready to drop the ALT work and break into front-end work. 

My stupid question: How's the Tokyo/Osaka gaishikei market looking for front-end devs (I suppose I'd be a junior)? I really don't think I want to get into Japanese companies, unless it was a modern thinking, youthful type that drops the bullshit. I've been having a look at indeed and forkwell, but those mostly just have Japanese companies (some look really great) and recruitment companies. 
Nice ASOIAF name. ;)
It may never pick up past Windows Apps, so potential chance to never run into it.
Great idea, I think that's a reasonable thing to request.
Yeah, I'm just saying using a similar timeline wouldn't have been so bad as long as they avoid Shepard tie-ins. Then they'd have the chance to spend less resources on crafting a completely new universe and dive into more of the things that make the ME universe so special. Now that dream is ruined thanks to Andromeda (which isn't terrible in my opinion, but not acceptable for the ME bar).
I really dislike how they made a story to go to an entirely different galaxy just to avoid the Shepard impact/lead up to Shepard's time. They could have done First Contact or a completely different story within the same timeline. They have enough lore and the galaxy is big enough. Hell, there's parts that are undiscovered.
You sorts of people make me sick! Titles are important!
[I say "Kill 'em all!"](https://media.giphy.com/media/l3vRkwv2Yz6i8rDwY/giphy.gif)
Overall, Ryzen is a super solid first generation of a completely new architecture on a new node.
Ryzen R7 would be good either way, as developers begin to utilize more and more cores and threads. Maybe not a big rush to get it now but the Zen successors could be very very good choices.
IMI - Japanese Dictionary is what I use. I've used Aedict as well but found IMI is much cleaner. It works for tablets, from the looks of the screenshots.

Google Play:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naruhodo.imi

APK download:
https://apkpure.com/imi-japanese-dictionary/com.naruhodo.imi
Did you just assume an electron's limit?
He can return, but not as a Japanese citizen. Tourist visa, or work visa if he wants to return to work in Japan. 
Yeah, annoyingly. 
This is 1) an engineering sample and 2) not finalized with drivers. Both make a huge difference.
The Enfusion engine is more than just Arma 2's Reality Engine 3 retooled, though. I couldn't tell you exactly what's different as I just skimmed over the info long ago, but it's worth looking at. It sounds like it'll have the ability to take what Reality Engine 4 (Arma 3) did and apply it to Enfusion with Arma 4. 
Eh, I live in Japan. People use say mendoukusai all the time.
I think that's a fair way to look at it. 
People give him shit for his past behavior nearly 10 years ago and for some reason cannot let it go. I really don't get it. He's one of the greatest drivers and seems like a decent guy, and definitely has a fun personality.
Watch "The Room" with a game - like whenever you see a framed picture of a spoon, throw a plastic spoon across the room.
I feel the exact same way. I give up playing MM from time to time because of the same issues. It's possible that in my area, the more steady and enjoyable games are at the higher ranks, but I'm just too discouraged to work myself up there. 

I miss playing on community servers and just having a good time with the regulars. These days I just play on a 24 player Russian community competitive server because it's more relaxed. I just wish there was more to choose from, cause most are zombies and whatnot.
Good ol Japanese packaging. 
God damn, taking me back in time with this! 
If my 2017 isn't so good, can I have a raincheck? 
Eh? Commenting on OPs comment is no longer cool? Is this no longer reddit? It wasn't a criticism to OP, just tatami. 
Hahaha this is amazing. Is this dude Ralph? What a solid self-roast if so.
Update #3 on.. May 3!

Ricochet ~~2~~ 3 incoming! 
Real tatami can be real めんどうくさい. 
It's not just a regular squeeze, it's UltraSqueezing. 
:(
"Jesus, please help us to stop helping others in need. In your name we pray. Amen." 
Definitely true. Hopefully some people who have never considered this accept it as true. There may be times when the top fragger is the best, but it is a team game after all and the focus shouldn't be on that. Personally, I play a lot of Mirage and always volunteer to do smokes. Because I play in the Japan/SEA region, people don't normally communicate so I take it on myself to do the things that people don't normally do so others can focus on the basics: fragging. 
No. Software philosophy goes completely against what I like. 
OP is referring to the meme that came out of this video: 

http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/906/450/145.jpg

Not the video itself. Surprised top comments are people who don't understand.
If it were significant emotions, like getting hype or being pissed off, that'd be fine to show. But when it's the standard fistbump - that means nothing compared to seeing the weapons saved, if someone is going to be hunted down, the money, the buy, etc. All those things are lost when they switch to showing fistbumps, not just "collecting nades."
Another article reported 1000 Mhz with 1200 Mhz being the boost. Either way, pretty obvious not final numbers. 
When I read that article, I was surprised to see them not put more disclaimer in their words. I think they mentioned the chance of it being an engineering sample at the end. How is it not plainly obvious? 1000Mhz core clock.. Results that would embarrass AMD if it was the final product.. Come on people.
You're not supposed to chill bananas, you nerd. 
Yes, because broadcasters only show game or players, never picture in picture. I guess they think no one is interested in post-round activities or looking at money, saved weapons, etc. We want to see more fist bumps, apparently. 
Thanks, meant highlight. 
Same, same, definitely. I ranted about this when I was introducing a friend to CSGO. He was very inexperienced with FPS games and kept apologizing and saying he must be terrible compared to those I play with or others see (he streamed his progress). All I could think of was how back in the day it was never like that. If someone any great, no one really cared unless it was a setting for improving, like ESEA.

Community servers were so chill and a lot of fun. I miss those days, where people didn't take shit so seriously and still tried to have productive fun. Even if they did take things too seriously, active admins shut them down immediately. Now people get upset after a few round losses, troll or mic grief, and try to belittle others for no fucking reason.

Valve, please improve community servers experiences! Overhaul the server browser, **highlight** community servers, game modes, and SHOW new players how great it can be.

Edit: highlight not high
Understandable, growing up in Florida, myself. Never saw the almightiness that are mountains till I left after uni. 
Oh good lord, hahaha. This is better than the CPU bending. AMD, will you force this poor, retired graphics card to try to keep up with the rest of that hardware? 
Wasn't sure if I should have called you out on it. 本田のチームになるけど、ガンバレ！！

I also recommend jisho.org. Awesome site. Basically always use #common to filter out weird, typically unused words. 
Call, email if they aren't available. 
Nice catch cause I didn't see it? Flickle bunch of people here. 
😮😮😮 Nice catch. Wonder what else Valvue is hiding. 🤔
Looks like they had 5v5 classic casual in these early builds. :(

Valve plz. I know you're looking at our reactions to this. 

Community servers are so scattered these days, and often do 12v12 classic comp/casual. I'd recommend either highlighting the community servers more (and improving the server browser by redesigning it) or introduce casual/unranked comp. Whatever you wanna call it. 

No hats.
There was a big post a week ago or so that was highlighting the good things. It's too bad that there are so many issues for other people. My 6P has been doing well, though as a secondhand purchase I have no idea it's history other than it was treated well. 

I just really dislike how big it is. 😡 I want this in a Nexus 5 body. 
May not be packaging, might be a promotional ad sort of thing. Could be fake, though. Suspicious circumstances. 
People need to read articles before commenting. Missile failed, didn't leave NK territory, "blew up almost immediately." Unlikely to result in anything happening. 
Good thing I don't hang around the hostels for much time. 
Off to Hiroshima tomorrow for a couple days, alone. Looking forward to just chilling and exploring without having to plan around people for once. Thank you, hostels! You're clean as hell, reliable, and cheap! 
Thanks, glanced at it on maps earlier but couldn't recall and was busy when I wrote that reply.
Edinburgh is the capital of Scotland, but I guess the questioner wanted to bullshit him anyways cause the other guy was mad drunk. Also, Blackpool is English (or Welsh?), so that would also piss him off even more. 
Many people that I've had over have said nice things about my desktop setup, surprisingly. I never really thought much of it - but I think that I'm just used to it now. Anyway, even when it was just a single monitor setup on a glass L-desk, people's first words were, "Cool!" 

Good time to be a nerd.
"What's the capital of Scotland?"

"Edinburgh!"

"Right, it's fucking Blackpool."

That was so unexpected, I pretty much shouted in laughter.
Oooh, I think I'd take that over the QHD or whatever the super high resolution option they have. At least OLED would be awesome for the color palette I use on Sublime Text. Only I know that'd ratchet the price up to what I don't want to pay, haha.
Looking at buying a Dell developer edition XPS by the end of the year, would definitely wait for 2018's edition, probably Q2, if they put a Ryzen CPU in there (provided the mobile ones are solid).
Haha, true. I can't read that stuff any longer, makes me grind my teeth and wish for kanji. 
One helpful way of remembering is when は is alone, it's pronounced わ. Though there might be an exception to this, it's helpful anyway. 
This is what I always did. Maybe twist a little during that but never while dry. Indeed, 91% Isopropyl is bae. 
I'm no longer in Tally, but if it's still there, then that's a decent sign. It was in the chopping block about 6-7 years ago, for a while. Unless someone from that department pops around and answers your question, I'd recommend reaching out to members of the department, tell them what you're thinking, and ask. 
Something smaller in size, I hope. Likely will be another Nexus/Pixel.
Road maps aren't a planned release date, though. It's just a estimated goal, best case scenario sort of thing. This is where I think a lot of people are getting their claim that it's / it will be late. 
What about your usage? Is it just gaming? If so, I don't think you necessarily need to go 1Gbps speeds. I have Hikari FLETS and use OCN as my ISP and my bill is just short of ¥4000 with 150Mbps* speeds. I game heavily, stream, torrent, etc. Speeds are good, rarely run into congestion in my building (might be cause there are a lot of old people and empty units). Also no cap, no throttle. 

Consider going with a cheaper ISP first, trying them out and change later if they aren't good enough is an option (I'm fairly sure).
The last console only game that redefined a genre was Halo: CE, two generations ago. There have been a handful of very well made games since, but I wouldn't call them so "must play that any gamer should play."
Concerning the confrontational part - I do agree that you came off more confrontational. Disagreeing doesn't mean you have to come off so harshly. I think plenty of other casters do a good job of being tactful in that "I understand your position but I disagree" is the tone rather than the "But that's stupid, dummy" tone that you deployed on a few occasions. Sure, not being a "yes, that's right" man is fine - I don't think we even have that problem in CS commentating at the moment - but dial down the aggression at times would be my suggestion.
My phone is doing great. I bought it second hand about a month ago and it's as tight as a drum. No microphone issues to report and the battery is great. Also no boot loops.
You claim that they are outdated, yet you won't defend your claim. 
You can't just say, "Uh.. They are, you can't argue this point la-dee-da" without any sources backing you up. 

And I would also say that carriers and destroyers (or submarines) aren't outdated. They can reach virtually any place in the world with their equipment and weapons. Drones need some place to take off from, if not somewhere on the ground, which might not be an option, they'll still need carriers or destroyers. And drones smaller ordnance compared to the stuff our sea vessels pack. 

But yeah, let's just go with your strategy and remove those fleets and just use drones. We'll definitely have the same sphere of influence. 😑
That match up was super awesome because of those two on the commentary team. Super fun hearing them talk shop and about the match.
Ah, okay that clears it for me. Glad they are doing partner cards for Vega (supposedly) this time around.
What I'm really curious about is the memory capacity on the chip. Reports say that AMD's card will be 8GB of HBM2, and we'll have the option of going with partner cards that can have "different configurations." Does that mean more? Because when you look at SK Hynix's HBM2 info page, they make a point about HBM2 stacks being a max of 32GB. 

I know it's unrealistic to expect 32GB, but how about 12 or 16GB? Might be unnecessary for Vega, but lacking information, I can't help but to wonder.
Point is that more money could have been had.
Where do you think It goes for 27 years? Not even bears sleep that long. And It's a known freak, yo. 
What's the name for the 20th month? 
That's what I've been thinking since late last year. I'm glad the Cutlass is looking so good cause that's probably what I'll end up with instead of the 325A.
Oh yeah, let me just get my wallet out and donate again.
And 300 series? 

No.
Maybe read the article and compare before you post. 
Saying 'Don't buy the S8?' Did you read the article you posted? Same with the rest of the comments here. Read the damn article.

NYT says, 'Wait to buy.' This isn't an uncommon thing to say nor do. They back the statement up with information they've gathered from first hand reports..

The safety concern is silly, honestly, and some of their supporting reasoning is not very good. But the article does not say 'Don't buy it.' In fact, the author only touches on not receiving a review unit very quickly, and doesn't show any obvious sign of spite.

This whole headline bullshit habit needs to end. Read articles, dummies. 
You can go check the thread yourself, from his first post he defends his actions and replies to others who defended him with agreement. A better apology is saying, "Sorry, that was wrong." Excuses means there's something left in you that doesn't believe that apology.

You implied that I was a child who needs my mother to get around in life. Unless you meant it as a friendly, you're-my-boy-bro-but-I-gotta-call-you-out sort of way, I don't see how that isn't meant as an abusive comment.
You defend a bully, and resort to bullying others for calling him out. Maybe you should check your edginess at the door and have a discussion like an adult. 
Until those straps come loose and you don't hear/realize it's flung off the hull because you were really getting into singing that one song you love. Then some poor, unsuspecting pilot is gonna be at cruise speed when they see it and try to swerve, sending them for a deep dig expedition into a nearby asteroid.

Pilots Against Poor Problem-solving #PAPP
It's really making me glad to see him get so much support and that this is all really visible. That's the big thing. 

Some people don't really do much self-analysis of their actions and, when they do, it's human nature to put the blame on someone/something else. I really do hope people start to constantly keep it in their heads that they are playing with other people, not robots. This whole episode is a great way to show that to people who aren't very good at self-reflection.

I had to learn the hard way, too. Being angry and confrontational isn't good for either party. It ruins CS by not accepting faults or things that are out of your control. Being positive and supportive does wonders for the game and for life in general.
There is a difference in what I'm saying and what you're saying. He didn't explain the situation, he defended his actions. That is the difference and it means a lot when it comes to an apology.

>Or does mommy carry a glass bubble around you at all times? 

Funny, someone defending the bully is also resorting to bullying. 
> instead of pressing a bind like any internet troll can do, link your twitch or at least talk and say no im serious heres why.

Whatever, man. They were not giving Loop any tolerance at all. D34TH was not having it at all but now he wants to defend his reasoning instead of doing the right thing and saying that he made a big mistake.

Edit: I looked at the ESEA thread (lots of immature, edgy people on there - be warned), and D34TH did apologize to Loop in that thread, but he continued to defend his actions. I don't think he feels he did anything wrong.
Ah, yeah I thought that was too good to be true. OP was asking about over 3000MHz so I was pretty surprised. Still a decent deal for DDR4 if it can get that high.
Over 3000? If so that's pretty good, gotta admit. 
From other comments in this thread, the poor quality could have been dealt with by using better smelting techniques. Isolation didn't help them in that case, but at least they were mostly fighting themselves so it was apples pens vs apples pens. 
True, but to not counter circlejerk the katana weeabo circlejerk is doing a disservice to the world. People need to kick the fantasy that the katana (and, indeed, many Japanese things) are from some realm of reality that humans forgot how to get to.

Thread OP was just being preemptive. 
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking, too. I just wanted to add the disclaimer for him/her to do a quick Google-fu first as an entire phone is a bit different from what I have experience dunking into Isopropyl.
Isopropyl 91% Alcohol with the phone powered off? I'd imagine that would loosen up and remove all the juices. I'm not sure how it works with phones but that's safe for when you're cleaning stuff like desktop CPUs. Hope it works out.

Keep us updated, curious how it goes.
Definitely agree. I think the 300's needs to be bigger. Otherwise, I don't know how it's supposed to do what it was advertised to do.
We'll have to disagree there. Besides the fact that crossbows with four pulleys like that aren't proven to be better than standard style ones, there's a reason why crossbows are no longer used in combat. In fact, I recall reading that there are no benefits to four pulleys, though I couldn't find the source. 

This just looks over-engineered and horribly out of place. An unnecessary stooping to a trope that, for some reason, continues to be used in science fiction games. Can't wait to read to silly lore that tries to justify this. 

Edit: 2 days later, controversial mark on the score, yet no one defending the dumb crossbow gun. Hmmm..  Maybe you know there's no good basis for why that monstrosity should be in the game.
Is this an actual crossbow? Can something be any more out of place in this game? Maybe a katana like the several weeaboos keep asking for?
I'm right there with you. If I may voice my feelings about this:

Back when the 300 series became broken last year, I told myself, "Surely there'll be a TLC pass to make it functional again by the end of the year. And they already collected feedback for a rework, so there should be some details on that by the end of the year, too..." 

Here we are, Q2 of 2017 and not one comment on the 300 series. The ship is completely unenjoyable at the moment. It only does flying well and that's not good considering it is supposed to do so much more. As it is now, I can't see it doing the things it was advertised to do in the final game. Cargo, living space, combat, etc. It's still in Kickstart design, after all these years. 

It's not that I believe the rework should be finished now, it's just that I need to be told that my investment reward will not be a useless scrap of flying metal. It feels like I'm being punished for not funding more with my initial Kickstarter donation.

I'm all for advancement to the overall goal of Star Citizen, and happy to see progress making such strides. My favorite thing to hear about is the AI systems. But I've been patient for a long time. Seeing this 2017 road map not say a single thing about the 300 series (and only one Origin ship), makes me feel neglected.

July is going to be a nice month for anyone who has a priority ship. Not for anyone who is limited to the 300 series.

Guess I'll be melting to a Cutlass variant since that looks like it's going to do kind of what the 325a was supposed to do, although a bit different.
Absolutely awesome concept. It's got a lot of potential. Glad you all are focusing on this! It's important, but some events just don't care to deliver a sufficient amount of information properly. 
But why? Genuinely interested to see what Valve expects to come from the Negev or the M249. Unless they're priced closely to the assault rifles (when the experiment is over), say $3700 and $4000, I don't expect that anyone will use them in a normal situation.
The Bigly Wall of America
ZzZz 😴 

Dreaming of Vega... 
My company gets more and more shady by the week it seems. Feels like my boss' bosses are taking control away from him and job security went from 'no problemo' to 'wow wtf happened.' We're being made to do a bunch of side work, being told to be more like the rest of the company (we're a small department of autonomous ALTs, the company is eikaiwa), and now our vacation might have mandatory side work that we're 'needed' for (but our boss won't tell us despite the calendar being set). 

I'll be leaving soon anyways, fuck their bullshit. Feeling good about finding a job in a new career. 
All these replies and no link? Bronzes. You know what it is. 

https://youtu.be/MRCeSpQUgbc
Better in a folder on the desktop called "My memories."
Yeah, they can go to PCMR or Ayymd for that. Even the incomplete build pictures need to stop. 
Hey, I liked it! 😊 👍
I want to believe. 
You already have to on mobile! 
The graphic isn't very good at relaying the actual story.
The point covers multiple titles that they've released.
Don't make excuses for them. They aren't some indie developer asking for $40. They are a huge company that wants $70 and then some. They need to stop releasing piles of garbage.
Japan as well. 
Lol wrong username. Thegg11. I was really confused, although I do discuss here sometimes. 
I was just responding to the gif, but this should be shown on all channels. FOM handles the filming, so unless the broadcast channel decides to cut to something else, it should be shown. 
Is that hummingbird carrying Earth? Cause it's too close!
The graphic is what did it for me! I don't know if this is a result of the Liberty purchase or just FOM crew becoming more humorous but I definitely dig it. 

More plz, throw in some spicy Alonso memes.
Can we stop posting video news? Or at least tag it? Not everyone wants to listen to someone talk for minutes when it can be read much quicker. Also, this one just sits there saying "Stand by for video," never loading anything.
Nothing about the 300 series again.
Good to see another PC builder here, and AMD head to boot!
Have you worked out what we're looking for? 
If there is literally no words about the 300 series redesign, I couldn't care less. I'm pleased about how the Cutlass is looking, though. If the 300 redesign is done last minute and poorly, I'll just get one of those.
Page was down for a sec but holy shit bloomberg has the best 404 page I've ever seen.

Keep the infighting going boys.
Same, buddy. :(
I'm really disappointed with their design, too. Hopefully the design isn't going to continue like that.
Too bad they hardly had any stock. I would have bought a Pixel, but instead I got a 6P.
Lindy Beige is the man.