Advice : Make a linkedin account. Its more professional, no bullshit, and really important for your work life compared to fb or instagram.
kayaknya feminisme dan isu SJW juga kuat di kampus2 kok. Cuman ya namanya Indo negara konservatif susah isu2 kaya gitu mau populer, kebentur agama lagi.
kebanyakan browsing semprot nih bocah
Its almost impossible to watch in a quiet theater watching superhero movies with lots of teenage audiences. I love watching drama with audience consists of mostly adult/old people though. Its packed but super quiet.
thats maybe true but salah is not a fucking smug face narcisstic cunt like ronaldo. Fuck him
I dont know how I will feel if that happened. God I fucking hate ronaldo
meh, I prefer Messi and Salah together
lol Barca hasnt been favored by UEFA refs in like years. It is RM instead in the last 3 years.
fuck ronaldo
sabahan emang secara kultur lebih deket ke Indonesia dibanding semenanjung. Kalo di semenanjung sinetron itu yang nonton ya TKI. Yang bener2 populer dari Indonesia di Malaysia itu setau gw AADC 2. Pas gw bilang di Jakarta orang2 pake lu gw pada ga tau temen2 gw orang Malay (gw pernah kerja setahun di KL).
This. I dont care about scientology, and I find it hard to believe that people actually think Christian Bale is nicer than Tom Cruise. No matter how creepy Tom Cruise is, he is far less creepier than fucking Christian Bale.
the only chance for Portugal to win is if Ronaldo got injured again and cheering GOAT-ly from the sideline. He is the best cheerleader in the world, only cheerleader to win Euro cup for his country ever.
This. Losing to Roma means no enemy. Losing against English teams always sucks because all other english clubs fans always banded against us. Almost all of UEFALONA narratives are started by Chelsea and Arsenal fans. EPL fans are cunts. 
because it will hurts more to Ronaldo, beating Messi in vote but lose to lord Salah so he lost a chance to eclipse Messi in total ballon d'or. Of course in my opinion Messi has better season but Ronaldo scored a bicycle kick so he will get more votes. 
anyone but CR... I will be happy for Salah to win Ballon d'or if its means 2nd place for ronaldo
too old. MacBook air 11 gw beli tahun 2013 buat browsing chrome belasan tabs aja udah megap2.
> blatantly hates foreigners in this sub. It's confusing, like, why the fuck do you even here really?

lol the more I browse reddit especially on subs like r/worldnews and r/europe the more I hate white people. 

Just kidding, but its true that browing reddit made me aware that there are a lot of bigoted American/European just like there are a lot of bigoted Indonesian.  

Also whats more pathetic, hating foreigners on Indo sub in western site or hating your own country in Indonesian subs, saying all poor people motorcycle riding pribumis/muslims should die? No offense, but in my opinion the later is almost stormfront like and far creepier. 
I'm not even following OP anymore. I don't know if its because of me getting older or the quality has been declining (I used to be a hardcore OP fan 6 to 7 years ago), but I just don't find OP interesting anymore. I like how new shounens like The Promised Neverland and Attack on Titans aren't afraid to dip into more seinen themes and not just following typical shounen troupes like Naruto, One Piece, and other Dragon Ball/Slam Dunk inspired mangas. 
Dont forget Attack on Titan dude
Only in Spain.
its fully genetic. I never pick or even touch my acne but it leaves scars
> the fact that they perpetually post pictures with white tourist shows that they're still climbing the social hierarchy.

yap gw juga berpikiran sama. Satu lagi, mereka suka post instagram stories "cewek yang suka clubbing/minum itu bukan cewek murahan" "deketin bule bukan berarti matre"dll. 

ya kalo ga mau dijugde ga usah posting instagram stories tiap clubbing/minum ato tiap sama bule juga kali. Gw juga suka minum tapi tau diri lah buat ga usah posting minuman/bar/club ke socmed.
yeah Kobe is not around anymore so I lost my most hated player. Well at least I have KD now
tumben komik strip IG/twitter Indonesia lucu
lol you would be surprised of how many people here are thedonald subscribers.
inferiority complex
I dont know if they are "pemanjat sosial" or not, but I know a few girls who are still in college and go to Bali or Singapore almost every week, and always posting instagram pictures with white guys.

can you open instagram and reddit on your slr? Phone >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>SLR
you should read a book called "Why nations fail". Understanding why some nations are doing better than others is quite difficult and this book is really good at explaining that. Spoiler : its mostly due to political system and policies.
because they are white and have white culture and white people religion.

There, I think thats the answer you seek?
Rocky Gerung is smart, he didnt say Al-Qurán, bible, or other holy book's name, he just said "kitab suci". If he said Al-Qurán is fiktif he would be in jail now, but by saying kitab suci, he made radical muslim think he was talking about bible, which most Muslims think its fiction anyway, so why mad?
no we think no one use snapchat besides kids and teenagers, and thats true
baru keluar tuh videonya yang tentang rokok
whats with people mocking philosophy here? Philosophy is the root of all sciences, all scientific logic comes from philosophy. Jangan sombong bisa jadi engineer/programmer kalo menghargai ilmu filosofi aja ga bisa ( gw engineer )
> And not the narrow view where success = money or wealth

Yes. This is my problem with the popular view among Indonesians (buat apa sekolah tinggi2, nanti toh orang pinter jadi bawahannya orang bodoh dll). 

Is it surprising our country lags so much in science and technology if this is the popular mindset among its people?
donovan mitchell
This guy has a weird superiority complex. I heard that he used to being bullied a lot as a kid. He always seems like he has to prove  something, being rich, being the best magician, being muscular. Seems like covering insecurities IMO. 
hahaha real madrid fan talking about victim card lmao. Remember mou era? you guys were the greatest victim card player in the history of sports lol
kayaknya kalo dibanding subreddit lain, r/indonesia itu termasuk yang demografis anak sekolahanya paling gede persentasenya deh. Gw juga pas masih SMA obnoxious dan sok tahu sih, jadi ngerti
All fast furious movies. Seriously, anyone who like Furious series are fucking idiots. 
watch the film first, its not like he described at all. 
what the fuck. This movie is not about sympathy for Nazi at all. 

lol lots of butthurt Cameron fanboys here
Genius. Out of the box. 
Damn, I also really want to move to Bali. Too bad most company headquarters are in Jakarta. 
Those who are pro immigrations in Europe are maybe left-wing, but those problematic ethnic groups are still right wing IMO.

I agree though, that in western countries the power between left and right is more equal. Thats why I think they will be safe. But look at India, Indonesia, and other developing countries,  does  the left really have any power? Thats why I said us third world countries are much more fragile. The right wing nuts (Prabowo and his cronnies, FPI , and Hindu nationalism parties in India) have too much power and support here. 
We get it, your'e a christian
Singapore, sun all year and the best food in the world IMHO. You can find Indian cuisine easily too. 
The rise of right wing nationalism around the world is scary as fuck. Forget about Trump and neo-nazi in Europe, I think developing countries like India and us are much more fragile. I seriously think there will be bad stuffs happening in the near future. 
Its so cringy how he called his fans "smart people" ughh. 

> the differences is staggering

whats the differences?
Perhaps only Freddy Adu hype matched Lebron, except he turned out to be the complete opposite of Lebron.
> God hahaha why do you hate the poor so much? "These poor people man, they're dumbfucks".

probably because most of the "rich" here on r/indonesia are chinese and the poor are fuckin filthy pribumis. 
jilboobs fetish maybe?
this...nothing unite muslims and christians more than their hatred towards atheism
my favorite is Ultima or Zigma (or whatever the name, because the magz changed it name multiple times).

I felt like Hot Game was too casual and written by people who are not really gamers. The Zigma journalists are some of the most hardcore gamers, their articles are amazing.
The thing is, if he knew the players play bad, why the fuck he didnt make substitutions early? Why the fuck he only subs Dembele in the last 5 minuts? Okay the players are at fault too of course, I havent see Umtiti play this bad. But its the manager's fault to not see the players conditions and make a substitution. 

Its only 1 game. One game my ass. 
maybe, but I'm hoping for a miracle. 
we still have WC. 
Okelah kalo Siri lebih jelek dibandin Assistant & Bixby, tapi kalo mau jujur gw nilai tiga tiganya, Siri nilainya 1/10, G Assistant 2/10, Bixby 1.5/10. Oke Siri paling jelek, tapi paling jelek dibanding tiga produk sampah yang ga ada gunanya. Menurut gw assistant2 gini cuman gimmick doang. Teknologi AI yang ada sekarang belum mampu bikin assistant yang bener2 bisa diandelin kaya Jarvis di Iron Man.


buset sneaker apaan 8 juta?

Gw suka sama sepatu kulit (dress shoes & work boots), dan gw ngerti kalo sepatu model gini mahal karena material dan kontsruksi (workmanship) nya mahal. Tapi kadang gw heran sneakers yang dibuatnya di pabrik2 sweatshop tenaga kerja murah bisa semahal itu. Brand2 streetwear itu markupnya gila gilaan sih menurut gw.
meh. Jordan wouldnt have 6 if he played against early 2000s Spurs and Warriors now
lol bunuh diri kalo jokowi minang muhaimin buat cawapres. Ini orang terkenal aja kaga, prestasi juga nol. Cawapres paling oke buat jokowi kalo engga mafhud md ya gatot ( yeah I dislike him too but he has really strong electability)
lol like you just knew the man. Thats basically his playing style since his debut day in Man United. 
haha yes. I learnt the hard way from the last two years. No way in hell Juve is going to semis.
haha yea I dont know why I think of that, its because I feel like RM will end up in semis with the other three underdog teams which are too gassed after beating bigger teams. They are always that lucky in CL anyway.
Ah yeah I forgot its now in Bayern home. But still, I feel like Sevilla will advance.
I support Liverpool also because Mo Salah is just too awesome. 
yup. Its going to be Liverpool, Roma, Sevilla, and RM. And all the other three teams will get gassed because of the previous games against big teams, RM will get easy trophy again. Like always
I feel like its Bayern who is gonna bottle it. Sevila 1-0 and its done
Two thousand years from now an obscure country like Indonesia will rule the world, mark my words.
Am I the only one who feel weird that rarely someone pick Richard as the best character? In my opinion Richard is  the soul of the show. Like honestly I've never seen someone play an awkward genius nerd role as brilliant as Thomas Middleditch in television before. In nearly 90% of the most hilarious moments in Silicon Vally, for me its always involve Richard.
haha yes. also its very funny when metal bands pay tribute to them by playing the song live, like Opeth.
I followed Barca since 1999/2000 and the last three UCL also the worst I've ever been as a Barca fan. Back then, us losing just didnt have much as stake as nowadays. 
ronaldo is not in the conversation as the GOAT, while messi is. And he wont be in all your lifetime. truth hurts
lol you are ronaldo fanboy arent you? Fuck you and your beloved narcissistic cunt ronaldo, fuck you
I learnt the hard way of not hoping that for the last two years. Yup, everytime Barca lost and we hope RM lost they eventually win the tournament. Honestly I dont give a fuck anymore. Now I only wait for WC
wkk makanya gw lucu pas kaum onta 212 suka sama Rocky Gerung. Lah tonton aja kuliah2 dia di youtube, keliatan banget ini orang liberal, atheist ato agnostik juga keliatanya. 
well thats why I call it miracle.
> Now watch as Madrid wins 3th consecutive cl and ronaldo his sixth ballon d’or even though messi was miles ahead for most of season.

Lets hope miracle happened and messi win WC with Argentina. 
yup
Yup, 100% on him. Terrible tactics, no subs. What the fuck?
hahaha fuck you velverde, fuck you
I fukcing hate Velverde what a fucking fraud
Velverde is fucking idiot lol. We got bullied and no subs? What the fuck man you fucking stupid old man
lol so this game will finally prove what kind of manager Velverde is

why our attacker so toothless, sub in Dembele!
I fucking hate Kolarov
relax guys we are going to win this game

Also unpopular opinion: I dont care about the progress of pied piper as a company, whether they are failing or being successful. I watch this show for its brilliant comedy and characters. And I never watch a funnier show before. 
and made congo your bitch?
I didnt talk about deserving or no, but the frequency of taxessi jokes dipped substantially after Ronaldo got similar case. Maybe you didnt notice but I notice it (Its so obvious because the large majority of messi tax jokes were done by RM, man Utd, and Portugal fans and they are too embarrassed to mock messi again after their beloved idol got similar tax case lmao). 

Also when Ronaldo had the case pretty much lots of other big footballers already had similar case, so the news of him didnt blow as much as messi. I was really glad ronaldo got similar case though, it pretty much shut the fuck up most of his fanboys lol.

Also what the other controversial thing?
its funny after CR got similar tax case we dont hear people mocking "Taxessi" anymore lol
whaat..thats a crazy number. Even Coco which is very successful in China only got 189 million $ in its lifetime
I would have answer with " I understand they don't want to give guard of honour in a competition they don't compete in, just like us with the Club World Cup"
dont want to laugh before we (or anyone) kick them out of CL tbh. They can get into last place and RM fans still put excuse that they only care about UCL.
I dont want to talk shit or laugh at PSG before our season ended tbh. Remember, RM winning another UCL will leave us Barca fans in tears, no matter what result PSG will get. And I also dont really care about PSG, I don't hate them as much as EPL or even Italian teams to be honest. 
NANII!!??
then thats amazing considering there are so many MJ cocksuckers here
lol
> Imagine getting fired up over this

How long have you been a barca fan? Were you a barca fan back then 11 years ago? 
Radit. 


>only on small part

thats what makes him/her loves Indonesia lol
Pas gw awal2 di Malaysia gw juga mikir gitu, kalo Indonesia lebih baik karena secara aturan negara ga dibeda2in. Cuman setelah lama di sana gw mikir separasi gitu ada bagusnya juga. Contohnya, gw ambil kasus, kalo di Malaysia itu rata2 masing2 suku pas SD/SMP itu sekolah di sekolah yang sesuai rasnya masing2. Anak India belajar di sekolah khusus India, China di sekolah China, Malay di sekolah Malay. Nah di sekolah masing2 mereka itu bener2 diajarin budaya dan bahasa nenek moyang mereka masing2. Biasanya baru pas SMA  dan kuliah pada mulai campur. Jadinya hampir ga mungkin liat orang Cina di Malaysia ga bisa bahasa Mandarin/ Hokkien/Cantonese, sama kaya orang India dan bahasa Tamil/Hindi. Tapi hampir semua Chinese & Indian di Malaysia yang gw temuin semuanya bisa bahasa Melayu. Jadi separasi kaya gitu malah bikin orang2 non Melayu di Malaysia jadi multi-linguist, dan mereka ga punya krisis identitas kaya banyak orang Cina di Indonesia yang pada ga bisa bahasa Mandarin dan ngga bener2 merasa orang Indonesia juga.

Selama gw tinggal di Malaysia gw ngeliat orang2 non Malay lebih punya kebebasan untuk hidup sesuai tradisi nenek moyang mereka daripada di Indonesia. Dan biarpun ada separasi tapi masing2 ras di Malaysia cenderung ga ganggu satu sama lain. Karena kalo gw ambil contoh di KL, populasi Melayu sama Chinese itu beda tipis. Kalo orang2 Islam di KL berani2 nyerang orang Cina kaya kasus 98 atau diskriminasi terang2an anti Cina kaya kasus Ahok, bisa perang beneran berdarah2 tuh di KL. Makanya pada ga berani macem2 masing2 kubu. 

Mending mana sama Indonesia, yang katanya "toleran" tapi mayoritasnya petantang petenteng dan minoritasnya ga berani ngapa2in karena kalah jumlah jauh? 


Its because usually you have the separated halal section and non halal section in a foodcourt. The chinese usually eat in the non halal section and muslim eat in the halal section, and you cannot bring food from one section to the other section, that's why you usually don't see muslim and Chinese eating together. I look like Malay but I dont have problem eating pork ( I'm an ex muslim atheist ) so I eat in both sections all the time, and no one bat an eye seeing this Malay looking guy eating pork. 

But in other places like restaurant when the food is halal, you can find chinese and muslim eating together. Me and my office friends (chinese, malay, and Indian) went for dinner together in western or indian restaurant for a few times, its not that uncommon in Malaysia.
I worked for a while in KL. And sadly I have to say that Malaysians aren't secretly jealous of Indonesia at all. In fact they don't think much of us except for holiday destinations (Bandung! Bali! Bromo! Raja Ampat!). We are just this annoying neighbor who are loud in social media but toothless in real life, who annoy them sometimes with our illegal immigrants and occasional yearly haze. We think we are more democratic and tolerant but I think its bullshit, and they dont really care that we pretend we are more democratic and tolerant country either, because they dont give a shit about us (especially when they can just read the news about Ahok case etc ).

The artist should change "secretly admiring Indonesia" to "secretly admiring and jealous of Singapore". We are the one who secretly admiring and jealous of both Malaysia and Singapore. Ain't no one secretly admiring the poorest, the least tolerant, and the most racist older brother who spent too much time talking shits in social media lmao. 
we even has that guy on our sub lol cough cough goldpisser. 
>You're really underselling Barca there. Iniesta, Rakitic,Busquets,Alba are in no way lesser than Madrid's midfield. Infact going by sheer talent pool Barca's team is clearly superior.

Not true at all. Iniesta is clearly past his prime, and only show some brilliance in only few games this season. Modric is far superior to Rakitic. Busquets is better than Kroos, I agree. But Isco is far superior to Andre Gomes. And I would say that Marcelo is better than Alba. On sheer talent alone, Madrid midfield is clearly superior.

Also, Modrid plus Kroos combination is the deadliest midfield duo since Xavi Iniesta in their prime. See Isco in the last Spain game? He play far better than Iniesta and Busquets. On sheer talent alone, Isco is the most talented young midfielder in the world. I didnt count Coutinho because clearly we only talking about CL here. 

But thats not my point. I didnt talk about who has better support in midfield, but the difference in role between Messi & Ronaldo and the way you compare both. This difference also come from necessity and the difference in style of play.

Ronaldo s all the privilege to just play as a poacher because he is supported by Modric and Kroos. Messi cant. Ronaldo scores braces, hattricks, so what? So the goals are the result of the brilliance of ronaldo alone? How about the support from Modric, Kroos, and Marcelo? lmao, you are so biased for ronaldo its laughable. 

>So it Ronaldo's extraordinary "poaching" is winning Madrid more titles than Messi's playmaking+goal scoring , you still think Messi is more deserving of Ballon d'Or?

yes, because Messi has far more role even if Barca dont win than Ronaldo. Remember how you guys Ronaldo fanboys worship Ronaldo for Euro win when he doesnt play in the final, but mock Messi for failing to win WC for Argentina while he carried the whole team on his back? lmao.
> But in the end goals and titles matter more than great dribbling and playmaking

You wrote that just like Messi is not good in goalscoring. The reason why Ronaldo can score more goals is because Messi have to do both goalscoring and playmaking job at the same time. It is not a coinsidence that Ronaldo started to win ballon d'or over Messi once Xavi and Iniesta declined. Meanwhile Ronaldo has Modric and Kroos in their prime.

This is not a diss to Ronaldo. He is still great player and the best pure goal scorer in the world. But the reason why people feel its unfair is not about playing aesthetics. Its not about how Messi is a dribbler and technician and people love dribbler more. Its because people compare a player who is both the main playmaker and goalscorer to a player who is the main goalscorer. I feel like If Barca has playmakers as good as Xavi/Iniesta or Modric/Kroos in their prime, Messi would have won the last three ballon dór, not Ronaldo.
Before playing "the raven that used to sing" in Amsterdam, Steven said that it is one of his favorite songs and the song which he proud to write, although he said he is not really proud of the whole album. So I guess its true that he doesn't like the album. 
>SW's fanbase is most definitely made up of long-term dedicated fans

Haha yeah, most of  the sing along in Amsterdam was during Porcupine Tree's songs.
> As an asian, I'd absolutely love some representation on the level that Black Panther just brought

As a South East Asian, If they really make movie about Asian superhero, I hope they are not forgetting that Asian people are not just Chinese, Korean, Japanese, and Indian. 
> think this will be THE game in which the Ronaldo vs Messi debate could be over

Really? Nope. The only way to end the debate is for Messi to win WC. I know its unfair, but we know its true. World Cup is the most important competition in football, thats why people put so much importance on them. I find that this is the concept which is difficult to grasp by many Americans since in American sports like American Football, Basketball, and Baseball, no one gives a fuck about national team. But football is different because it is a worldwide sport. Nearly like 90% of most memorable moments of all time in football happened during World Cup.
One of my favorite films ever is The Hunt (2012). It is not really an obscure film but I find it largely unknown among my Indonesian friends. Every time someone ask me for a movie recommendation to watch, I always recommend this movie. 

If that person who ask for the recommendation is not really a cinema lover and just a casual movie goers, I will recommend The Wailing (2016) instead, which is super popular in S Korea but not much everywhere else. It is a fuckin masterpiece. Such a great movie should have been watched more by people outside of S Korea.
heran apa bagusnya BTS. Berkali2 coba dengerin lagu2nya ga ada yang spesial, heran bisa seterkenal itu. Im not even a kpop fan but I can acknowledge some SNSD and Big Bang songs are good and catchy. 
lol most people here are chinese, they dont care shit about Indonesian culture
>Now keep in mind the guy is a newcomer to all this

I feel like the debate between Messi vs Ronaldo is ruined by all these dumb American newcomers who only watch one or two games a year (usually EPL and El Classico) plus highlights and pretend to know shit about football. 
agree for indomie goreng. Indomie rebus is meh though, there are much better instant noodle soups especially korean noodles.


Fried crispy bacon. damn its delicious
understandable, most people in r/soccer are American who are new to football. Those who watched football for years wont suddenly think ronaldo is better than messi just because of one game.
The only reason why they stand a chance is because they have Messi. Thats why I want to believe that Argentina will win WC. It will be super difficult, but I want to believe it. And yes it needs miracle. 

To be honest I care more about Messi winning WC far more than Barca winning CL this year. Ronaldo can do how many bicycle kick goals he wants, I dont fucking care. This year I only care about Messi winning WC. 
Relax guys, its WC year. All these shits don't matter if Argentina dont win WC. I think that's why I dont feel that mad tonight. 
lol yeah I hate Juventus more for playing that embarrassingly in their own home. Lol is that really the number 1 team in Italy?
yeah agree its amazing goal. Like thats the only ronaldo's goal ever that I don't feel hatred burbling inside my chest watching it. Thats pretty amazing effect on the biggest ronaldo hater like me lol. 
sometimes I feel like I'm the only ex muslim atheist on reddit who dont hate Islam at all lol
I love Lemaitre, especially because he told Pope at that time not to mix science and religion. Also because he is one of few scientists at that time which could go toe to toe with Einstein.

>By 1951, Pope Pius XII declared that Lemaître's theory provided a scientific validation for Catholicism. However, Lemaître resented the Pope's proclamation, stating that the theory was neutral and there was neither a connection nor a contradiction between his religion and his theory

Source: wikipedia

ga dibilang sotosop nih sama kaum bumi datar

Obviously not Juve v Real because I cant stand looking at Ronaldo's face. Probably just monitoring from livescore.com.
agree. Its weird to me how Cameron's has so many fanboys here. I guess his movies attract certain kind of demographics.
Buat orang Indonesia 165 itu masuk kategori normal sih ngga pendek.
he maybe over exaggerated but I agree that there is white country bias tendencies here in reddit. Not surprising tbh, considering demographics here (mainly young, white males)
narrative
Its true
lol as a linux user, mac UI is far superior to windows 10. Windows UI sucks ass.
- Black Panther is the best of marvel movies and totally deserves it massive success. 

- The Shape of Water is actually the best movie last year and the love story is totally believable.

- Man of Steel is the most overrated  superhero movie ever in r/movies.

- Warcraft is really really really bad.
lol youre stupid
lol look at how CR7 fanboys think he is as good as messi lol
All kids and toddlers I know are addicted to ipad and smartphones. My nephew (now 5) had to go into some "ipad therapies" where he was denied an ipad by his parents and went berserk. Eventually after crying he will forget and start playing outside/inside with his friends. And then he can use an ipad again for limited time (only 30 minutes a day). After that he actually found playing outside more fun than ipads, but then after a few weeks he will get addicted again, got into ipad therapy again. Repeat.

I dont blame kids for that. Tbf If I got things like ipad when I was a kid I would play with it all the times too. 
I still don't understand this. Why do they have to hire software engineers and developers in Bangalore. I can understand when companies based in US or Europe, where engineers wage are so high doing that to save cost, but an Indonesian company with just a local operation? Its not like we don't have enough cheap software engineers right?
Am I the only one who want Rizieq to be a capres? Imagine the shit shows which will happen between FPI sympathisers and Prabowo gang if this happened. Also its easier for Jokowi to be reelected if those morons votes are split between the two. 
Pixel 2 pictures blowed me away. They looks so organic, almost film like. Meanwhile P20 pictures when zoomed in show some weird image processing. But I agree P20 has much better dynamic range, it is just better on low light.
Really? I looked at the pictures and I think the Pixel 2 still have better details on most pictures when it zoomed in. Its not beauty mode face smoothing either, in other places like the red scarf on the model, you can clearly see the fabric threads in Pixel 2 picture while it looks weird in the p20 picture. 

Its not just faces though. Zoom in other details like the scarf fabric, etc, Pixel 2 photos have better details. 
But if there is one guy in this entire universe who can carry this shit team to win WC, its Messi.
In Indonesia we still have Gojek. Pretty much the only country in SEA where Grab is not the king. 
The fact that all our presidents are Javanese is the proof of Javanese dominance in Indonesia. And some people are thinking Ahok has a chance to be a president lol
I still do that sometimes even when I Ilive overseas, because toilet paper is cheaper than the kitchen paper.
Pas kuliah S1 di ITB gw masih ngerasa pinter, sekarang ambil master di belanda ngerasa bego lol. Buat OP jangan merasa pinter dulu, kalo cuman di lingkungan terbatas apalagi kelas lokal/nasional mah gampang buat jadi pinter.
> what if gw dulu dipaksa les piano

oot, but its never too late to learn piano or any music instrument. Gw sempat berpikir kaya gitu juga, iri sama temen gw yang jago piano karena dilesin dari kecil, dan akhirnya gw mikir "bodo amat, gw mau belajar piano/keyboard" ( di umur gw yang udah 25 tahun) , akhirnya beli keyboard murah bekas dan belajar otodidak dari youtube, ebook, dll. Sekarang gw udah bisa main lagu2 pop/rock dan lagu jazz gampang dikit2 kaya Autumn Leaves & Take Five. 
Well, its a movie made by American and American companies. 
Karena sejak jaman perang dunia dulu hubungan kita emang baik. Kita dulu muja2 mereka sebagai bangsa asia yang bisa ngalahin belanda, dan ngasih harapan kalo kita sama2 bangsa Asia juga bisa merdeka. Jepang juga mendukung Indonesia merdeka, sampe Soekarno Hatta diundang dan dikasih gelar kehormatan sama kaisar Jepang dulu. Proklamasi aja dilakukan di rumahnya orang Jepang. 

Dan sejak saat itu hubungan Indonesia Jepang terus langgeng.
Yeah, I lived in a hotter tropical climate before. It is fun to just play under the sun all the time, but diseases, mosquitos, cockroaches, ants, etc are not fun. I was quite surprised the first few weeks I lived in the Netherlands because I haven't seen a single cockroach. Those fuckers are everywhere in a tropical climate. And also mosquitos, which carry deadly diseases like dengue fever and malaria, which are not existent in cold climate. As long as you can afford housing, heatings, and thick clothes, the cold climate is definitely better for living. 
lol what a fucking joke. Where is this hate mob? What a fucking nonsense bullshits. 
lol dont you read this entire thread? Your "unpopular opinion" is the most popular opinion in this subreddit lmao. 
You guys have Harry Potter.
NOPE
Watching annihilation is the best and the worst movie experience I have ever had. The best because I think it is a masterpiece, best modern science fiction movie I have ever seen. Easily better than Blade Runner 2049 and District 9, and slightly better than Arrival. The worst because I seen such a masterpiece trough shitty 11 inch screen of my macbook air on netflix. Because they dont put the film on theater outside of fucking America. God I was so mad that Ive watched such an amazing movie in a laptop
gw salah satunya. 
baguslah ga ada hubungan sama Prabowo Subianto
Kemayoran area is unexpectedly nice too. 
prove? typical right wing propaganda lol claiming other countries are so much racist that it actually are
lol stable genius? are you the donald subscriber?
lol when did people here ever disrespect Kobe? Saying Lebron is better than Kobe is not being disrespectful.
matchmaking? more like bapak2 yang cari istri muda buat poligami
well it will be awkward if my gf
or my parents found I am following those stuffs
You dont use another account for that stuffs? Im not that brave lol
Considering how popular Huawei phones here, if Xiaomi came to the Netherlands it will be super popular.
But Hazard is not a goalscorer. So his main job will be to give a final pass to CR. While Neymar is a playmaker and also a goalscorer so it will be a very different situation. But I agree, Perez would sell CR to accommodate Neymar, while I feel like he would try to keep CR if they got Hazard. Also because CR will likely want to leave if RM got Neymar while he won't mind staying if they got Hazard because it means he will keep being a main goalscorer and they will have another great playmaker to keep giving him assists.
Yeah. somehow I dont mind Neymar going to RM. I prefer Neymar to go to RM than hazard to be honest. Hazard will be unselfish and giving so many assists to CR (so he will take all the accolades again as the "best player in the world"), meanwhile Neymar won't take being a second fiddle to CR. 

Trik gw pas SD, pura2 nyari2 duit di saku sambil pura2 panik kaya kehilangan. Si supirnya biasanya ngacir sendiri. Sama jadi kenek di pintu.
I'm 100% sure we will beat RM if we face them in UCL. My only concern is we will lost before we even face them and other teams play shit against them, like the previous two years.
well at least they are honest about it? I mean other companies make excuses like they had to do it because of design necessity, while we know it is bullshit. 
Meh, Messi performance that year (91 goals) was so Godly its understandable he got ballon d'or that year. I mean, that record probably will be untouchable for decades. Sneidjer is good but winning treble has been done multiple times. There are far more bigger snubs at ballon dór than 2010. 
At least is still far better than Ballon d'or which is pretty much a popularity contest.
source?
I have the same question I like to ask over and over again whenever I see a post about MJ.



What about Wilt?
Nope, I still remember the humiliation we got in 2008. Its payback time fuckers.
Ronaldo is too petty to do something like a guard of honor. I guarantee there will be an excuse.
Ga tau kenapa, mau sengaco apapun dia ngomong, gw biasa aja. Tapi kalo dengerin sama liat muka fadli zon ga sampe semenit gw udah emosi bawaanya pengen banting2 barang.
kok anaknya bisa sehat wal afiat nyelonong gitu aja lol
Sekali2 pengen liat Luhut dateng ke ILC dan bentakin semua bajingan2 tengik di sana (kecuali mafhud md) termasuk si tukang "mengerang" Karni Ilyas. 
Why computer science? Why not software engineering?
easily less. All of you who are hoping BP incredible records will be quickly overshadowed by IW will be disappointed. Mark my words. 
I didnt even read the thread, as soon as seen the title I clicked hide so I won't see that post ever again. I know it will be full of circlejerks.
yup, I seriously got 2001 Space Odyssey vibe from that ending
wow, thats a really great price for the specs
beda lingkungan pergaulan. Lagian  kalo gw amatin akun2 kaya gitu kebanyakan bocah bocah SMP ato SMA, bahkan SD. Ya kalo bocah tolol yang kena pengaruh buruk radikal orang tua/lingkungan ada di internet ya kelakuanya kaya gitu.
I know, but "Gratis" is widely used in Europe, unlike word like bioscoop which is only used in the Netherlands. That's why I think it is more likely to be derived from Portuguese since they came first to Indonesia. 
How about Wilt? 
Besides phone, wallet, keys, and earphone, I have an essential item which I carry every day everywhere, which is a bit uncommon. I always carry a dental floss with me (and have to be Oral-B Essential floss). I have tiny gaps between my front teeth, and although the gaps are not that visible, I always have food stuck between those gaps, especially if I eat meat. If you have food stuck in your teeth, dental floss is a lifesaver. Toothpick won't cut it, that thing is frickin useless.

Also I carry tissues (because I have a flu) and a lip gloss (because it is winter and I got cracked lip easily if I cycle during the winter here)
also, 
Bioskop, Kantor, Westafel, Kamar, Kulkas, Potlot (Sundanese and Javanese of Pencil), Om, Tante, Oma, Opa, etc, are all the words which are derived from Dutch. About Gratis, I'm not sure whether it is derived from Dutch or Portuguese. I think it is more likely from Portuguese, just like Sepatu (from Sapatos, or Zapatos in Spanish). 
If you miss hagelslag, you can get it here in the supermarket but we call it "meses". Although the dutch hagelsag is tastier. You have to try our sate though, it is so much better than the Dutch version of kip sate, which in my opinion, is so bland and dry!
No matter how shitty the current situation of politics in Indonesia is right now, I have to admit that I'm fucking proud of my president. He is the coolest president in the world right now, hands down.
Mungkin karena mereka tidak berambisi jadi CEO, direktur, dll? 

Lagian buat jadi sekelas CEO menurut gw butuh orang yang spesial. Spesial ini ga selalu yang baik2 kaya pintar dan pekerja keras, tapi juga orang yang ruthless, ambitious, ga gampang kasihan sama orang lain (empatinya rendah), mau mengorbankan pertemanan dan keluarga demi karir, dll. Dan sifat2 seperti ini (yang jelek2, bukan yang pintar dan pekerja keras) biasanya (sepengamatan gw) ada di laki-laki sih. Gw pernah baca bahkan ada study kalo 1 dari 5 CEO dari world top companies itu psycopath.
kuliah di US? apa di Indo? 
yes, di Indo cewe yang kuliah IT banyak, yang mau kerja jadi IT dikit. 
Kobetard with a Lakers flair : " bla bla bla bla bronsexuals bla bla bla bla"


Lebron is better than Kobe man, give it a rest
not worse than Kobetards though
> no bokep no coli?

lol, kalo ini syaratnya ga ada cowo yang hijrah di Indonesia.
Almost got a heart attack thinking it was CL lol. The only team I am afraid to face in the CL is City.
Willian is insane, is he faster than Adama?
Pedroo!!!!
We are so lucky to have Umitti
why my stream always lag when messi got the ball shit
lol dont ever read r/soccer thread on barca match especially against EPL clubs. There are too many EPL fans on r/soccer and most of them hate us. 
I worked in KL for almost a year and I felt like Malaysian people are nicer than us Indonesians. I don't know if it was just my workplace though. And your cuisine is superior to our cuisine ( I will get hate for saying that lol )
udah ganti sama bumi datar
Pernah dateng ke cafe punyanya Indro Hardjodikoro di daerah Kemang deket reading room, lupa namanya apa dan masih ada ngga. Tiap Minggu ada jazz jamming session bareng bang Indro langsung, siapa aja dateng boleh ikut main. Gw dateng pengen makan sama nonton doang disuruh main wkk, langsung nolak gw gila yang main jago2 banget jiper gw. 

Kalo lu bisa main jazz dan mau impress date lu, bisa dateng dan ikutan jamming haha. 

Its just a cafe though, so dont expect a classy club or fine dining atmosphere.'If you want more classy place better go to Arcadia. 
terserah mau dimiripin sama golongan apa, asal bukan golongan pengikut the donald, mens right activists dan sebangsanya
lol Kobe is retired and we always have a weekly circlejerk over him. 
hahahaha anti SJW anti feminism r/indonesia movement strikes again.   
Di saat temen2 cowok gw ngefans sama raisa dan isyana, gw ngefans sama  citta dan tsamara lol
contohnya apa yang fallacy pake argumen ga jelas?
Sometimes I curious what is causing the difference in attitude towards smartphone between American and European. In the Netherlands most people don't really care what smartphone are you using, I see a lot of people using cheap Huawei and other Android phones. If Xiaomi has official store here I bet tons of Dutch people will convert to Xiaomi immediately. The funny thing is here those who carry the latest iphone as a status symbol are usually the working class people and Dutch Turkish/Morrocans. 
Hahaha as a south east asian who got colonized by you guys, so funny that you already forget about killing and looting Asians and Africans for hundreds of years. Wow you Europeans are so ahead of Americans! They feel guilty while you arent, and Americans are the funny one? And you guys only remember about bombing each other, dont remember killing and raping our ancestors? Or because we are filthy third world citizens you guys dont give a fuck about us? Hahahaha! So Funny!
> However there are some paranormal things i can't really explain

Can you elaborate more on that?
Yang gw bilang harus dihapus bukan buat seluruh SDA, tapi beberapa SDA kita kaya memang mitos. Contoh utama, kemarin pas ribut impor garam, banyak yang berargumen Indonesia seharusnya bisa ngga usah impor karena kita punya "panjang garis pantai" yang luar biasa besar. Nah, itu mitos karena mayoritas garam di dunia itu hasil tambang bukan hasil evaporasi air laut, yang jauh lebih tidak produktif dan kemurnianya rendah. Makanya Belanda bisa jadi pengekspor garam terbesar dunia karena punya tambang garam yang luar biasa. Mau pake metode apapun, kalo masih ngandelin garem laut tetep ngga bakal bisa ngandelin produksi lokal tanpa impor, wong kita ngga punya tambang garam. 

Mitos yang lain juga, kekayaan minyak bumi Indonesia sebenernya ga gede2 amat kalo dibanding negara lain. Secara produksi dan cadangan, kita itu di luar 20 besar dunia, bahkan di bawah Malaysia. Yang lumayan kaya itu gas alam, ada di urutan 11 dunia. Yang lebih kaya lagi potensi geothermal, ada di peringkat tiga dunia. Tapi nyatanya geothermal kita masih sangat underdeveloped dibanding dua negara lain yang kaya geothermal, Iceland dan New Zealand. Kenapa? Karena kita masih terlalu terfokus sama Sumber daya migas, yang ujung2nya karena produksi kita ga bisa memenuhi konsumsi ya impor2 juga.
 
Kita harus menerima negara kita apa adanya dengan segala kekuranganya kalo mau berkembang. Karena sejak kecil kita terlalu diajarin berbagai macam cerita dongeng kekayaan alam, jadinya ya gini2 aja. Menurut gw ajaran2 bertema propaganda seperti itu ya peninggalan kekuasaan otoriter orde lama dan orde baru. 

Lagipula dari sudut pandang ilmu pengetahuan, kita mengajarkan sesuatu yang bukan fakta, tapi propaganda. Gimana mau bikin rakyat pinter kalo sejak kecil diajarin propaganda dan retorika, bukannya fakta?
lol when we non American think of you guys as the least racist people, we think of people belong to the progressive and liberal groups. We still think of you guys Trump supporters and those who posts on the donald as racist scumbags, asshole
I think its one of the most perfect kids story ever written. It teaches friendship, courage, kindness, loyalty, and especially curiosity for science. I learned about continental drift and tectonic plates the first time from Doraemon comics. I knew why some countries have dinosaurs fossils while some dont from Doraemon comics. Also the original Doraemon Adventure series are among the best masterpiece in manga ever, too bad the new ones by other authors sucks.
Kalo gw jadi CS nya udah gw kata2in sampe abis si bagas bangsat itu. 
paling gemes kalo yang protes impor tapi pengetahuan minim asal asumsi "Indonesia kaya sumber daya alam". Contoh utama soal impor garam, impor migas, impor beras, dll.

Menurut gw ajaran di sekolah soal Indonesia kaya SDA harus dihapus karena cuman mitos dan memperbodoh rakyat kecil.
Malah biasa aja kata gw, menang mahal doang. Kalo di bandung sih martabak asia the best. Harga murah dan super enak. Ga tau sih ini ada di kota2 lain apa engga.
Its all psychology. If they are real why western people who dont believe in those stuffs never seen any "penampakan" like us Indonesians. These kind of ghost only occurs where people believe these stuffs, which is why it is very doubtful they are real at all. 
Yes, but it was a different case with Doraemon. My parents who didnt grew up with Doraemon at all still like the show and it characters and sometimes watched together with me when I was a kid. Even now, my father sometimes stilll bring up "seperti Giant","seperti Suneo", or " "seperti Nobita" when talking about kids with certain characteristics similar to those characters. That's why I think Doraemon's influence and legacy is in a different league compared to other anime and manga ever in Indonesia.
Meh, who the fuck take a picture with a smartphone on a tripod? what a stupid test
It used to be such a cultural phenomenon when I was a kid in 90s that almost no one in Indonesia didn't know Nobita, Suneo, Giant, Suneo, Jaiko, and Doraemon himself. Even now, most adults are still very familiar with Doraemon's characters and his tools. Compare to whatever anime kids watch these days like Naruto, do you think their parents know or give a crap about Itachi or Akatsuki? The popularity of Doraemon in Indonesia back then was in a different league compared to all other anime ever, even far above the 2nd place, Dragon Ball. 
Salah kaprahnya orang2 awam yang ngga ngerti earth sciences & mining, kalo garam itu cuma bisa didapet dari air laut. Padahal sebagian besar garam yang beredar itu hasil tambang. Indonesia ga punya tambang garam, dan cuman ngandelin metode tradisional penguapan air laut, yang secara produktivitas sangat jauh di bawah metode tambang. Hasilnya juga jauh lebih murni. 

Jadi wajar2 aja kalo Indo masih impor, karena ga punya tambang garam. Belanda itu salah satu negara yang ekspor garamnya paling gede di dunia dengan garis pantai seucrit, karena mereka punya Zachstain Salt formation yang masif. Gampangnya gini, formasi2 batu garam yang ada di bawah permukaan itu hasil evaporasi air laut alami selama jutaan tahun, bandingin sama metode manual petani2 garam tradisional di Indo. Kenapa Indo ga punya? Ya karena secara geologis emang ga ada, karena pembentukan formasi batu garam yang besar itu butuh kondisi geologis yang khusus juga.
except for the donald subscribers
Tergantung di US, Europe, atau Australia. Kalo di Europe ada kemungkinan malah jadi radikal (kalo gaulnya sama orang Indo mulu)
Wow, your plan to study in Poland to get EU citizenship is brilliant. They pay you much less for the engineering jobs in Europe though (compare to US, Canada, and Australia). I heard the typical salary for fresh graduate engineers in the US is $5000 a month, while in western Europe (Netherlands, Germany, France ) you will be very lucky to get more than 2500 Euros per month.  


I think an argument can be made that Harden's and Kyrie's game is are aesthetically pleasing as Kobe's. I might be biased because I hate Kobe and Lakers, but I think both games are much more aesthetically pleasing than Kobe.
Anjrit. Kalo sampe niggalin sperma di bilik warnet kurang ajarnya keterlaluan banget sih. 
Since that time he swam for 1 km in Danau Sunter against Bu Susi I gained much more respects for Sandi. 
well you can continue masters in geophysics. Im doing masters in geophysics now and I realize I dont really like going to the field to look at rocks lol.
Meanwhile most redditors get butthurt and start accusing vegan being nazi when someone suggests american/white people start eating less beef lol
AMA please
pas SMP mau beli majalah FHM di abang2 deg deganya minta ampun. Taunya isinya kebanyakan artikel ga guna daripada foto2nya lol. Rugi buang2 duit.
masih mending, gw coli pake buku medis nyokap tentang breast cancer lol
Pernah mergokin orang coli di warnet ngga?
Im an Indonesian. Most of the smartest girls in my high school went to medical or engineering. Why? Because of money. The poorer a country is, the more inequality there is between jobs. Engineers/Doctors earn like ten times of average workers here. Thats why there are more women engineers in poor countries, where there is more inequality between gender.
video bigo cabe cabean joget2 pamer belahan aja selalu trending di youtube Indo lol
thats why I love Ryan Hudson
and fucking Ronaldo will get all the recognition in the world again. 

YES. And that's the reason why Curry and Klay got so much love here, they are the whitest looking black players in the nba.
dude, it's a warriors fan. Don't mind their fucking bitch victim complex mentality.
Pas gw pertama kali kerja di jakarta, gw bener2 clueless, minjem motor temen naik jlnt. Pas di atas gw sadar kalo gw motor sendiri dan motor ga boleh lewat. Dan gw ga tau waktu itu kalo jlnt sepanjang itu. Malem2 angin kenceng, mobil pada kenceng2. Gw mikir kalo ada mobil yang ngebut ga ngeliat gw dan agak lengah sedikit, gw udah pasti wasalam waktu itu. 

Lu masih kuliah? Santai aja, banyak kok yang baru pacaran setelah kerja. Dan kalo ada yang bilang perawan tua, sebagai laki2 gw malah ngeliat 80% temen2 cewek gw jadi jauh lebih cantik dan menarik setelah kerja. Udah banyak duit bisa beli makeup dan skincare mahal, perawatan dll. 
Damn, why that midget want to know what I've been browsing?
As an asian, agree 100%. Lol when it comes to racism topics sudenly you fucking privileged white ass cares about Asians. Boo Hoo
Google image processing algorithm is amazing. I thought my LG G6 take great pictures until I downloaded Google HDR+, and it blows the stock camera out of the water, especially at low light conditions. 
Google is like Pied Piper without Jared
I'm thinking of a possibility that these ladies are either lesbian or bisexual. I mean, a threesome with istri muda cantik seksi? harus didukung!
whelp, typo
Yup, also, if anyone who is still in school and think you are among this invincible ugly girl group, believe me it will get better after school (well if you work and study hard).

Anekdot, dua temen SMP gw cewek, satu cantik banget dan jadi idola satu sekolah, masuk majalah hai pas SMA, terkenal sampe ke banyak SMA di kota gw. Satu lagi maaf, jelek, dan sering dibully seperti kasus temen SMA gw walau ga pernah sekelas. Si temen gw yang cantik sekarang jadi ibu rumah tangga karena nikah muda pas kuliah, cita2 jadi artis ga kesampean dan udah ketuaan sekarang. Si temen gw yang  dulu jelek, lulus S1 kuliah di Eropa dengan gelar cum laude, sekarang kerja di sono dengan gaji gede. Dan sekarang udah banyak duit buat makeup dan perawatan jadi jauh lebih cantik dari dulu.

Gw tau orang2 di sini yang kebanyakan anti feminisme dan SJW ga setuju kalo kasus2 seperti ini terjadi jauh lebih banyak ke perempuan, tapi gw sependapat sama OP. Ini bukan cuma masalah komentar kamu gendutan ato kok item sih, tapi bener2 bahan olok2an. Pas gw SMA pernah sekelas sama salah satu perempuan yang secara fisik maaf, sama sekali tidak menarik. Dan gw lupa gimana ceritanya awalnya, yang jelas selama setahun dia jadi bahan lawakan kita anak2 cowok di kelas (termasuk gw, belum sadar waktu itu). Sampai kalo kita mau saling ejek anak cowok lain, si cewek itu yang jadi bahan lawakan "woi lu ditaksir si bunga (sebut saja) wkk" "ih najis mending gw sama sapi lah"dan sebagainya. Dan doi sempet dijulukin "kebo" lah dll. Kalo orang2 di sini yang anti SJW dan feminisme bilang ini terjadi ke laki2 juga, sumpah gw ngga melihat hal itu sih. Emang kadang fisik cowok jadi lawakan, tapi ga sesering cewek dan jauh lebih parah ke cewek sih menurut gw.

Dan sekarang kalo gw inget2 lagi jaman sekolah, gw ngerasa kalo cewek yang maaf, jelek dan biasa biasa aja seperti invinsible, ga dianggep. Kecuali kalo bener2 pinter ato bener2 aktif organisasi. 







Damn I feel really sad reading all the comments. We are living in a shithole country, arent we?
masalahnya pendukung prabowo emang rela dia jadi.wakilnya jokowi. Kalo buat cebong sih victory lah bisa bikin wowo tunduk jadi wapres jokodok
lol I laughed so hard at this
The debate over religious matter is not an Indonesian thing but a third world country thing. If you go to South America and Africa they do the exact same thing. 
Really? I'm living in Europe now and I think Europeans complain much more than Indonesians with their first world problems, things in which us wouldnt give a fuck about ( "nerimo" / terima terima aja ).
saking sampahnya orang2 di daftar calon itu , seandainya ada Fahri Hamzah dan gw harus milih pasti gw milih dia
dont forget African countries. Actually, its not just phones, China invest billions of dollars in infrastructures and public transports in lots of Asian and African countries. 
better buy LG G6. It is actually cheaper despite being newer.
well I remember this 3-1
flair up bitch
lol warriors fans and bitch victim complex mentality, name a better duo
how about you show your flair asshole?
I live in Turkish neighborhoods in the Netherlands. Seems like Turkish women suddenly get much fatter after they got married. 
ga ada yang suka jazz apa ya di sini
Yang lucu banyak orang2 Cina di sini yang anti SJW sama feminisme karena alasan "repression olympics" tapi sendirinya sama aja lol.
lot of americans who started watching football and used to rely in statistics
lol fuck british commentators
Bagus lah. Ga usah pulang pulang.
Iniesta is the definition of a big game player. As long as we have him and Messi we will always have a chance!!!
yessss
lol the curse is over ahahaha. Now we dont have to hear how Messi never score against Chelsea anymore hahahahaha
if we got eliminated real is gonna win again fuck and fucking ronaldo will get all the recognition he doesnt deserves again lol.
You can try dermarolling, it should help
he's good for teams that give us spaces. Against parked bus he cant do anything, he got no skill, no passing ability.
lol Paulinho cant play tiki taka
lol do you think I haven't read that stats? Its pretty much always get mentioned whenever someone talking about Gretzky. Doesn't change the fact that he played in a sport nobody outside of Canada and few Scandinavian countries fucking care for. It's much more difficult to dominate in soccer than ice hockey.

What Gretzky did was awesome, but it doesn't compare to what athletes like Maradona, Pele, Messi, MJ, Kobe, and Lebron did in their respective sports. Go to rural parts of Africa and Asia and ask people about Gretzky there. And then ask them about Messi, Ronaldo, or MJ.
I worked in KL and Jakarta before. I got paid twice in KL for the same job lol. I dont understand why do you want to work in Indonesia. 
Higher sex drive and perversion is different. Indonesian men are more perverted compared to western men, but we have less sex drive. Also because Indonesian men tend to learn about sex from porn and various myths, we have way less understanding of how to make love and pleasure a woman.
I think the more worldwide exposure a sport has, the more difficult it is for an athlete to be the GOAT. No offense to Gretzky fans, but if hockey was more popular worldwide I doubt he would be as dominant as he was. Same with Don Bradman, Babe Ruth, and Tom Brady. 

Just see soccer, there are lots of debate over who the GOAT is, from Pele, Maradona, Cruijiff, Messi, Ronaldo, Cristiano. Because soccer is so popular around the world, it is so difficult to be as dominant as Gretzky/Bradman. And it makes the debate much more interesting.

Back to NBA, we see more amazing non American players popping out like Giannis, Embid, Porzingis, etc with the increasing popularity of NBA worldwide. It makes more difficult to be the best player in NBA but the league has become more interesting now in my opinion.
It seems like that based on how many sexual harassment cases in public transport etc, but I think nope.  We have way less testosterone compared to white/black guys. Less testosterone, lower sex drive.

Also I think Indonesian women have far less sex drive compared to white/black women. 
> Is this due to male hormones do you think?

Ha ha ha ha....
Hair styling products aren't seen as feminine as skincare products though, I would have to say the opposite.

Back to skincare, I can understand what OP feel. I am a guy and I only know one or two of my male friends who use a face moisturizer. The thing is, I wouldn't be embarrassed to show my skin routine to my male or female friends if I have a flawless skin (well maybe I would be smug about it lol). But the fact is I have a bad looking acne prone skin with lots of scars. I don't want to explain to my bros why I still have far worse skin than them when I use all these products on my face. 
Don't worry, if The Shape of Water won best picture the label overrated will move to The Shape of Water. Happened with La La Land and Moonlight lol
Do you have EU passport?
That year the whole nominees was very weak even Avatar (lmao) ,District 9, and Inglorious Basterds got nominated. From those list The Hurt Locker deserved Best Picture.
never tried middle eastern KFC, but Indonesian KFC is much better than European and Australian KFCs.
Well its a pity, our house had empty rooms but they just been booked two weeks ago! I'm an Indonesian student, also in UU and our house contains both Dutch students and international students, it would be nice to have fellow South East Asian in my house haha, its a pity
Nope, the gap between them is much further than you and madrid / man united fans would like to admit. The fact is, the gap between CR7 and the third player is the one which is much closer than r/soccer and madrid sub want to admit. I put Messi as the best and second place to CR7, KDB, and Neymar tied. But of course yoy have to watch the game and not relying on statistics to come with that realization. I watch all their games and CR7 is not that much better than KDB and Neymar.
uhmmm not funny?
kritikus itu nilai film superhero dibandingin sama film2 superhero lain, jadi standarnya direndahin. 
Kalo versi gw, introvert itu ngabisin energi buat bersosialisasi, dan ekstrovert butuh energi dari bersosialisasi. Kaya gw introvert dan cewek gw ekstrovert, kita sama2 suka bersosialisasi, cuman gw butuh istirahat menyendiri di kamar "ngisi energi" habis bersosialisasi sedangkan cewek gw engga. Malah dia pengennya bersosialisasi mulu ketemu temen tiap hari. Makanya cewek gw kaget pas tau gw introvert karena kalo lagi ngobrol bergaul biasa mah kaya kaga ada bedanya.
lol FUCK PENALDO
fuck Ronaldo. I will support anyone in this world but not him. 
maksud lu ngeyel gini apaan sih? mau keliatan pinter bro?
Ga tau kenapa, tapi mereka paling tersulut kalo kita panggil "kaum sumbu pendek". 
No
That's true, but that's not my point. The movie ending doesn't have any hints of sequel and universe. Heck, they actually destroy the game at the end. 

Of course, it will have a sequel, but that's a reaction because of its unexpected success. They did not plan it. That's quite rare for a blockbuster movie these days
point gw : infrastruktur yang ada di Bandung sekarang tidak menunjang aktifitas warganya.

Lu bilang Bandung itu kota yang sangat-sangat kecil. Lah populasi Bandung itu nomor tiga di Indonesia setelah Jakarta dan Surabaya dan kepadatan penduduknya cuman kalah dari Jakarta Pusat, Barat, dan Selatan, dan di atas Jakarta Utara dan Jakarta Timur. Apanya yang kota kecil.
I read an article that said Jumanji is the only blockbuster in the recent years which is made to be a single movie without planned universe and sequel. That's the reason the movie has so much charms and hearts, and the audiences love it. 
As a person who was born and grew up in Bandung, yes. Also by its population, Bandung is not a small city at all. 
Mayjen "Kunyuk" Kivlan nih biang keroknya. Pantes dulu Gus Dur ga suka sama nih mahluk.
Sama aja bro di Bandung weekdays juga macet parah sekarang. Bukan masalah turis emang infrastruktur aja sampah.
Mystery Ranch handsdown. Also I dont believe that style or city oriented backpack brands can do better than outdoor companies except on looks/style. 
Gw ambil contoh agama kristen aja (karena second majority di sini). Banyak yang banding2in sama umat kristen dan bilang islam lebih buruk karena hal ini. Kalau menurut gw Kristen lebih damai  karena curi start duluan 400 tahun aja. Masa2 berdarah2nya Kristen (jaman medieval Eropa) itu udah lewat, sekarang udah jauh lebih moderat. Sedangkan Islam belum melewati masa itu. Dan belum ada jaminan juga apakah Islam bisa melewati masa2 berdarah ini dan berubah jadi moderat. 


I think what he means by no true tolerance is, in religious practice, or at least in Abrahamic religions, you believe that those who don't practice your religion are practicing the worst sin in the world (hence why they will burn forever in hell). So even if you are nice to them, deep down you are still intolerance by believing those things about people with different religion. So I kinda get what he means by there is no true tolerance among religious people. Because you don't believe people from other countries or people of different gender and races commit sins and will burn in hell forever right? 

Of course, it's a different story if you are a Gus Dur/Cak Nun style pluralistic religious who think all good people from different religions will end up in heaven. But those kinds of people are the minority among religious people. 
Yeah I like instastories too, it is the perfect place to post things and activities which is "gak penting-penting amat". Although I do think girls (especially those who think they are pretty) tend to go overboard with their instastories. Like, 90% of your stories are just your face, and you post like 10 to 20 stories a day.
Haha I followed what OP did, but you're right. It is awkward for me to say that I am 'ganteng', I deleted it lol. Also usually men think of themselves as much more 'ganteng' than it actually is lol (plus confirmation bias from close relatives & friends who will say positive things about you).
Same with you, I hate to be in pictures unless it is a group photo. And pretty much I only do selfies whit my gf, and it's only when she asked me to do it with her. I do like photography though. So my Instagram account is filled with me taking pictures of things and other people, but not me. I also like to play guitar and sometimes I posted clips of me playing certain songs. 

Instagram is not just about selfies. You can share your hobbies with other people (photography, music, sport, or cooking) there. 
yeah, because of rumors that Apple will ditch headphone jack. So they did it to be first ahead of Apple. Technically they were still following Apple.
Its not anti-consumerism, these companies just blindly following what Apple did. Seriously if Apple never ditch the headphone jack on their iphones these companies would not ditch their headphone jack as well. 
wow she is so sexy. 
Indonesian here, I was confused at "Lesbian suka pantat" then I remember pantat means the other body part in malay lol.
sounds like typical delusional Nolan fanboy.
I glad I'm not American. No one fucking cares what your phone is in Europe lol.
Mirror? It got deleted
Yet many people here always says that critics are biased towards "pretentious oscar bait drama" and against superhero movies. But everytime critics give praise to superhero movies you guys said critics are wrong. Whats weird to me is, these backslash only happened towards movies with female and black protagonist, why I dont hear these backslash against similarly critically acclaimed Logan? Lol some people here think that Logan should be nominated for Best Picture for god sake. It is just a normal drama, not special at all compared to other oscar nominated movies. 

Unfortunately, no, they don't.
Also without him there is a possibility that we became a communist country. 
agree. I dont like how jordan peterson now seen to be in the same group as people like Crowder and Milo. Jordan is an intellectual not  angry SJW hating troll like both of them.
Better looking starting PG as well.
If you think European KFC is good you have to go to South East Asian KFC. Malaysian, Singaporean, and Indonesian KFC's are so much better and have much more varieties in their menus. They incorporate lots of local cuisine and spices into their menus its incredible.
Wartawan Australia sok2 bela orang Papua, imigran2 yang pengen ke negara lu naik kapal ga dibolehin masuk terus ketahan di Indonesia kampret!  Masalah lu kita juga yang nanggung, masih ngusik2 aja urusan Papua. Taik nih si Rebecca  
Don't like any Virgoun song haha, too menye-menye for me. 
I thought this has been proven a myth? I think I read it here in this subreddit that a study actually has eastern European countries have the highest productivity per hour.
Yup. I do believe that Fahri was the smartest one among PKS, thats why he got kicked. Still an asshole though
lol masuk Daily Mail. Tenar ke mancanegara nih si otak mesum.
Thats true for women but not for men. I read a survey which said that South East Asian men are the second least attractive men in the world to women, above South Indian men. 
Akad and Dekat di Hati are okay, just dont tell me you like "Surat Cinta untuk Starla". Ughhh
We can thank numerous brutal reviews (MKBHD, TheVerge, etc) for that lol. 
Kalo komunisme itu ekstrim kiri, fasisme itu ekstrim kanan. Contoh paling gampang ya Nazi.
justru yang seumuran gw (mid to late 20s) lebih tertarik model ginian daripada Vanescha. 
I used to like Najwa until I watched the famous Jordan Peterson and Cathy Newman interview a few days ago. I realized the way Najwa do an interview is not that different from the way Cathy Newman interviewed Jordan Peterson (suka interupsi, suka menanyakan berdasarkan opini yang kadang tidak berhubungan dengan pernyataan narasumber : "Jadi anda mengatakan seperti ini?", "Jadi anda menyatakan seperti itu?"" ) 

She is a smart person but she has to tone down her "politisi itu semua suka bersilat lidah dan harus dihantam habis-habisan" style before the public getting tired of it.
They should convert the comment section to reddit like fromat (based on upvotes/downvotes, and reply trees) from the current forum format.
Even most of my friends who use snapchat now use Instagram stories more (I am a master student BTW). The pace of new features incorporated in Instagram is really fast, I doubt Snapchat will still be a thing in a few years. Also Android users tend to avoid snapchat, because the snapchat android app is really lagging behind the iOS app.

Proofs that IG stories beats snapchat in their own game:
https://www.highsnobiety.com/2017/10/11/instagram-stories-snapchat-dethroned/
https://www.highsnobiety.com/2017/06/19/instagram-vs-snapchat/
Its hard for me to believe that. All of my friends and relatives have migrated to whatsapp. I mean "kelakuan bapak2 dan ibu2 di grup whatsapp" is already a phenomenon in Indonesia.
Bible has quotes just as bad. Fuck off
how old are you? I'm really curious. 
Gw suka gaya lo 
lol you have to cut at 1980 to make it seems like MJ was the first rookie to do that. I'm sure Wilt record in his rookie season is better than MJ.
I dont know in Germany but in The Hague there are lots of Indonesian restaurants which serves Pempek. Pempek Elysha is the most famous one.
My biggest gripe with Motorola since it was bought by Lenovo is they like to drop certain sensors which really mind-boggling to me why would they do that. I mean I own the original Moto G (the best budget phone ever IMHO), cracked the screen and bought the Moto G5. I was shocked to find that it has no compass. Wow. The original Moto G has a compass and its successor doesn't have one?  A Smartphone in the 21st century without a fucking compass? What a joke. How expensive a magnetometer really? And for people who live in Europe (walk and bike everywhere) and traveler, a compass is really really important. 

You know whats funnier? The American version of G5s plus has a compass while the European/International version doesn't have one. Lol American drive everywhere, they don't need a compass as much as we do, and they got compass while we don't? Are you drunk Lenovo?
I bought a few Indonesian local brand shoes. The best in my opinion is Sagara Indonesia. Its pricy though.

Other good brands that I havent bought: Fortuna (Jalan Sriwijaya in Japan), Winston, Santalum.
Paling anak2 KAMMI
He is so similar to Cristiano (smug arrogant whiny bitch who like to dive, social media star, has a really huge fanbase of male teenagers and women) that I always feel like he should have played for Real.  
Gw yakin kalo dia maju di pilpres paling cuman jadi wakilnya prabowo. 
The thing that makes Jordan Peterson so engaging is that he is very different to the usual alt-righters on youtube. I was so put off by people like Steven Crowder and Milo that I thought I was more in line with the left-wingers and feminists. Hearing Jordan Peterson, a very smart, soft spoken man who does not posses any malicious intent towards even the most radical left actually converted me. Now I understand why so many people hate liberals and feminists. Heck, he is the first person that made me questioning my atheism. The world, especially those who oppose radical leftist need more people like him, not annoying trolls like Steven Crowder and Milo Yiannopoulos.

Yeah Ray Hudson is different. But I didnt say anti-Barca, I said anti Spanish top clubs which includes RM and Atletico as well. It is a well known fact that EPL fans don't like Spanish clubs.
> Malta

relax, you guys are white and non muslim. You will be accepted in r/europe :)
lol Led Zeppelin music is complex?
English commentators? They are biased against top spanish clubs because their beloved EPL clubs often lose against us in UCL and sold their best players to Barca and RM.
> I think we should compare it to whatever has similar specs.

well the thing is, the one who has similar specs to XA2 is Moto X4 not G5. Just because they both use 6XX Snapdragon series and similar RAM doesnt mean they belong to the same range. That's why Motorola put Moto X4 at around 100 Euro more than G5. If they have similar specs it doesn't make sense for Motorola to do that. For example, Moto X4 camera is not great, but much better than shitty G5 camera. You gave an example of Xiaomi mi A1. Well Mi A1 also has much shittier camera compared to X4. 

If you want decent picture, dont buy G5 or mi A1. My friend have G5 and it takew atrocious pictures. It also doesn't have a compass which is idiotic (and pretty much became unusable when you are travelling). 
You should compare it to Moto X4 which has exactly the same specs as XA2, not to G5 plus. Moto X4 is priced at around the same price as XA2. And looks like XA2 has a better camera.


yup, I grew up in a Muslim family, and my parents taught me how "sesat" his pluralistic ideas was. Although I remember during his early years as a president, people (including my parents) love him because he was seen as a first "true Muslim" ruler in Indonesia from pesantren (NU & Muhamadiyah). It was also a stark contrast from Orde Baru to Gus Dur era when people can make any kind of jokes about President.

And I remember as an elementary school student back then, pretty much all kids love Gus Dur because we had full month Ramadhan school holidays during his era.
Kalo situ keberatan ya tinggal lapor moderator ini postingan melanggar peraturan. Gitu aja kok repot (Gus Dur style).


Ga sengaja nemu video Gus Dur ngebahas humor dalam agama di youtube yang cocok banget sama situasi sekarang, di mana Joshua dan Ge Pamungkas  dipidanakan karena "menista" agama dalam humor.

Quote2 terbaik Gus Dur di video ini:

menit 9:29 : "Agama itu ngga perlu diterima secara serius. Ajaranya yang serius." saat menanggapi apakah boleh bercanda membawa2 agama.

menit 10:10 : "Gempa Jogja itu terjadi karena Nyi Roro Kidul dipaksa pake jilbab" saat ditanya alasan penyebab gempa Bantul/Jogja sebagai seorang Kyai bukan ahli Geologi ("dipaksa" memakai jilbab yang di sini Gus Dur menyindir RUU Pornografi Pornoaksi saat itu; Gus Dur saat itu menolak RUU Pornografi)

menit 12:24 : "Makanya kita nggak boleh memaksaan apa2"

menit 13:29 : "Itu karena kekurangan dalam diri mereka sendiri." saat menanggapi alasan kenapa banyak pemuga agama yang tegang/keras tidak menerima humor dalam agama.

menit 15:00 : "Di Majelis Ulama itu ngga ada orang pinter, semua itu bodo bodo. Hanya menegerti peraturan, tidak mengerti ilmu kehidupan" menanggapi fatwa-fatwa MUI

menit 18:45 : "Kalau terlalu serius, memang semua itu ya menghina Islam"

Jadi berpikir kalau beliau masih hidup gimana tanggapan beliau akan aksi bela Islam 212 kemarin.

Not just Korea, but in Asia and other countries where the society are very homogeneous. The reason why western countries are much less racist (in my opinion as an Asian living in the Netherlands) is because you guys have lots of immigrants and as a result more heterogeneous society.
Jadi inget kata2 Rocky Gerung : Agama itu melihat ke belakang, politik melihat ke depan.

Ya ginilah kalo bikin kebijakan dasarnya agama. 
fuck Espanyol!
Coutinho is so good I mistook him for Messi in few moments. 
Messi is going to score a goal I can feel it. He went god mode

more overused than "pretentious" and "Oscar bait" ?
Sorry but the fit is terrible.
Di Indo orang2 tajir yang baik banyak, tapi ko gw liat yang tajir dan suka bawa mobil mewah kebanyakan assholes. Ini mobil beli sendiri apa dibeliin bonyoknya sih.
Langsung Block, jangan dibales
Yang kaya gini harus dipenjara biar kapok
lol since Kobe retired lots of Kobe stans don't have other things to do anymore besides shitting on Lebron. Don't forget Warriors fans too. Compared to "Bronsexuals" aka Lebron fans, we are outnumbered. 
What shocked me is to find that Tom Ford directed that movie. Yes, the fashion designer Tom Ford. 
Amstedam? Tesla's Europe HQ is there. 
Levis sekarang mah busuk kualitasnya. Mending oldblue dan denim2 local lainya.
I found dutch indomie to be more bland. Since I added few drops of msg everytime I make Indomie I have no complain anymore. 
bunch of salty warriors fans lol.
but I thought Steph has the largest gravity ever?
so what is your team flair? I want to know your opinion based on team you support, just like you judged his comment because he is a cavs fan. 
flair up bitch
I'm wondering is there any geophysicist here who transitioned to digital signal processing (dsp) engineer. Because what we do is basically just dsp with earth data right? Although I doubt companies would hire someone with geophysics degree over someone with electrical engineering degree for these jobs.
1. God Bless - Semut Hitam                
2. God Bless - Raksasa               
3. God Bless - Cermin                      
Compared to Europe, most electronics in Malaysia are actually cheaper. For example, macbook pro with touchbar 2017 in the Netherlands are 2000 Euro, in Malaysia its 8000 RM, which is around 340 Euros cheaper.

I am Indonesian who used to live and work in KL and now living in the Netherlands. You guys have the best foods in the world IMHO (I would never say this to my Indonesian friends lol). It is one of the best city to live, great foods, great infrastructure (better than most European cities actually), and very nice people. Man, I miss Kuala Lumpur.
pernah liat video anak yang ngumpat2 pake kata kasar pas disuntik, itu lebih lucu lmao
You guys are lucky because people haven't found insults for Curry fans like Kobetards and Bronsexuals. In reality you Curry cocksuckers are not less annoying than Kobetards. 
Agree, not as salty as Kobe stans though. 
he is shit now. If other players are shitty as him we would crucify them much more. Since he is "Lebron" lots of Cavs players still afraid to shit on him even if he plays like shits now.
biasanya si cowok yang minta rekam, dengan dalih 'buat kenang-kenangan'. Padahal kalo ga buat bacol ya buat bahan anceman di masa depan. Jarang banget sih rekam2an gini yang minta si ceweknya. Banyak banget kasus video gini kesebar ya karena si cowoknya sendiri yang nyebarin gara2 sakit hati diputusin.
In the Netherlands, new HTC U Ultra with snapdragon 821 and camera almost as good as pixel is priced for 324 euros, cheaper than mid range phones like moto x4.
I've tried Ternate's pisang goreng which you eat with sambal. Its the best pisang goreng in Indonesia in my opinion. 
haha kalo suka kucing mah biasa di Islam, kan nabi muhammad pencinta kucing. Kalo ada orang Islam pecinta anjing itu baru luar biasa.
Ha Ha Ha... Its 320 euro in the Netherlands
kadang gw bingung di Indo urusan alkohol doang kenapa bisa mahal banget ya. Bahagia gw pas di Eropa alkohol ga bikin dompet jebol. 
Haha I love the boy expression
I mean compared to OS X and Linux, windows 10 file explorer is horrible.
and people love alternative rights? maybe SJWs are annoying, but not scums like those alt rights
I feel really bad for Eastern Europeans. Your salary is equal to us third world country citizens, with western Europe living expenses and housing price. How do you guys even survive?
I know yours is a sarcastic comment, but IMO any movie which is not a superhero movie, adapted from famous video game (cough warcraft), or star wars will always be ignored by the r/movies community.
lol, you cannot even use multiple tabs on file explorer on windows 10 without downloading third party software.
well you have to give an example to back up your claim
Table tennis and badminton are far more popular than either soccer or basketball in China. 
so who are at the forefront? Certainly not Canon and Nikon.
Utrecht?

I dont think so. Even if Apple use RCS it wont be compatible with the android message. Why would they give up their imessage by making it compatible with android? 
Really? Uneducated, anti science, anti LGBT, religious, conservative. In my opinion they have more in common with republican/alternative rights/trump supporters than those American left-wing/feminists/SJW.
Where do you deal with these kind of people, especially since this is r/indonesia? I've never met this so called "feminazi" and "SJW" in Indonesia.
I am an engineer. Tbh I dont understand this arrogant attitude of most engineering graduates who think they will have it easy just because they are engineers. Accept that you are no better than social studies/humanities graduates and dont expect high paying job when you dont have any real experience. 

lol lakers fans are happy about this right
still cant get over the fact that Lebron is better than Kobe even after he is retired lmao. 
lmao like most of your fans experienced being a fan of a shitty team. 
Bachelor students on STEM majors. Once I got my masters on STEM I moved from Nolan to PTA. 
di forum2 bokep banyak yang videoin rok cewek dari bawah, pasang video di kamar mandi, ngintip, main sama bini orang, dll. Bokepnya Indo biarpun amatir jauh lebih sakit dari bokep barat sih menurut gw. 
Gw besar di Bandung dan pengendara motor ga separah di Jakarta sih. Yah paling banter salip2 itu udah pasti, tapi jarang banget liat motor lawan arah dan nerobos lampu merah.  Pas kerja di Jakarta kaget liat banyak banget motor asal lawan arah seenak jidat, gila. Sama lampu merah diterobos, masuk jalur busway lah. 

Kayaknya kejamnya Jakarta membuat kegoblokan pengendara motor jadi berkali kali lipat.

haha kalo FPI misal cari ribut di US si Trump juga paling cuma diem aja kaya waktu dulu bodyguardnya Erdogan pada mukulin warga US. 
really? the real squat rack or smith machine yang ada rail nya? karena sepengetahuan gw 2 tahun lalu pas masih di Jakarta bahkan Gold Gym sempet ganti semua squat rack sama smith machine dengan alasan safety.
Di Jakarta jarang banget deh ada local gym kelas menengah. Kalo ga di franchise gym kaya FF, Celfit, ya di gym ruko yang isinya preman2. Beda waktu gw kuliah di bandung banyak gym2 kelas menengah kaya rebel gym yang fasilitasnya menurut gw ga kalah sama franchise gym. Bahkan kalo di free weights menang. Mana ada squat rack di Celfit dan FF.
wah sayang udah punya cowo :(
Gsmarena wrote that it has a compass, I hope its true.
Yeah from the specs looks like they use exactly the same camera hardware, and XA2 should have better camera processing with newer processor. One thing I noted from your link, XA2 doesnt have compass and gyroscope? If its true it would be a shame. I use Moto G4 Play without compass and I swear I would never buy a phone without a compass again. 
Ohh, ya masih tetep jauh lebih muda sih dari gw. Kalo jaman gw dulu belum keren kalo belum makan istirahat sama nongkrong di samping. Sayang banget ga boleh keluar pas istirahat. 

Jadi nostalgia, banyak memori gw sekolah di tarbak. Sampe sekarang malah lebih sering ngumpul sama temen SMP dibanding SMA malah, kebalik sama temen2 gw (gw SMA di negeri). 
lulus 2014 SMP? Wah beda jauh banget sama gw umurnya lol. Masih pada suka makan di samping ga sih kalo pas istirahat?
I hate that girl but the real scums are those people who gang on him afterwards. 
Yup. Dan gw lulusan situ, belasan tahun yang lalu, jaman belum pake vest. Yang jelas dulu ga seborju sekarang anak2nya.
Yeah "sexpats" tourists usually are not the best people you can find.
Masih SMP tapi jajan/nongkrong di Starbucks. Serius gw pernah ke salah satu Starbux di Bandung deket sekolahan (sekolah swasta) dan isinya penuh sama anak2 SMP. Pada ga cuman pesen minum lagi sama kue2 juga. Gile bener. 

Pas jaman SMP gw sama temen paling biasanya makan batagor pinggir jalan. 
> Baguslah mereka banyak spending, memutar roda perekonomian

Kalo yang buka usaha itu bagus karena buka lapangan pekerjaan. Tapi yang hobinya invest di properti sama tanah itu bikin kesel sih, gara2 mereka harga tanah sama properti gila gilaan. 


Daripada Fossil mending Seiko kalo gw, harga sama2 affordable (buat Seiko yang low-range lines) tapi dari segi kualitas jauh bagusan Seiko. Coba cari Seiko Presage Automatic, ato yang lebih murahnya Seiko 5 Automatic. 

Paulinho is our Tapinaldo
The specs are neck to neck with Moto X4 with seems like a better camera and higher screen to body ratio (74.8 % on XA2 vs 68% on Moto X4). In the Netherlands Moto X4 is priced at 379 Euro and Xperia XA2 is going to be 349 Euro in the pre-order sites. I think I will replace my current Moto G4 play with XA2.


nope. Maybe you saw the comparison with honor 7x which has camera neck to neck with x4. Mi a1 camera is just bad, comparable to  Moto G series. 
I saw the youtube video camera comparison with Moto X4, and mi A1 cameras, and mi A1 cameras sucks so bad compared to Moto x4. 
Something many people don't realize with "Why January" question. This move is important for business and marketing. 
because warriors fans are stupid.
Funny these comments were written by two users with Warriors flairs. Maybe you guys are just biased and hate Lebron that's why you see it like that.
menurut gw bukan faktor anaknya, tapi karena pelakunya cewek. Seinget gw korban anak cowok dan pelakunya om2 geger juga waktu itu.

Karena di pikiran masyarakat Indo cewek ga mungkin merkosa, pasti cowoknya yang enak.
well then you just have to buy their travel packs, Osprey fairpoint series.
and what the dermatologist gave you?
If you dont mind the technical style, I think Osprey makes the best backpack in terms of function and comfort. 
lol if this was another superhero movie, you guys wont give a shit this not historically accurate. Its just this is a musical and most college bro and teenage nerd who love star wars and superheroes just finding reasons to shit on this movie. 
sodara gw orang aceh, cerita udah biasa denger suara peluru pas jaman GAM dulu. Habis itu tsunami. 

Ga aneh sih banyak gangguan kejiwaan.
yoi, di Belanda petani rumahnya gede2, halamanya luas. Yang kerja kantoran rumahnya di kota, kecil dempet2an.
FYI di belanda mahasiswa Indonesia paling banyak itu di Wageningen, dan hampir semuanya anak LPDP. Jadi LPDP ga salah soal ini, persentase paling tinggi mahasiswa Indo di belanda emang di agriculture, fishing, food science & technology. Ga tau di negara lain gimana. O ya, persentase mahasiswa Indo yang di DO di belanda juga paling tinggi di Wageningen.
Gw suka sama jawaban dia kalo kaum bumi datar disuruh belajar fisika. Sama alasan dia kenapa bumi bulat ya simple karena gravitasi, makanya semua benda langit yang masif ukurannya ya bulat.

Makanya kalo debat sama kaum bumi datar jangan pake argumen banyak foto dari luar angkasa karena mereka pasti jawab hoax. Jawab pake konsep fisika aja mereka pasti garuk2 kepala karena orang yang percaya bumi datar pasti ga ngerti fisika.

Lagian ilmuwan2 dari jaman Yunani kuno udah bisa ngukur kasar radius bumi, diameter bumi, jarak bumi ke bulan, jarak bumi ke matahari, massa bumi, tanpa butuh bukti foto, pesawat, atopun alat canggih. Cuman butuh logika berpikir doang.
I don't know why, as a classic rock fan (Led Zepplin, Jimi Hendrix, Rolling Stones, the Doors, etc), I cannot enjoy any of these modern Indonesian rock n roll band ( The SIGIT, The Changcuteers, Kelompok Penerbang Roket, etc). To me, they sound like a poor imitation of western classic rock bands with no unique identity. Hell, I prefer 90s Indonesian pop rock bands like Dewa 19, Slank, Padi, Sheila on 7, etc. At least they have uniqueness and distinct Indonesian identity, not just poor imitations of western rock n roll bands. It is just my opinion though. 


lol hatdcore feminism mah cuman musuh kaum2 nerd gamergate kurang gaul yang kebanyakan main game sama anime
wkkk jrit. malu banget pasti
I never seen an audience enjoy a movie more than the audience in my theater when I watched Get Out. And I watched it in the Netherlands, not in the US with all its racial issues. It just really2 good and well made film.
In 1945, independence is not just an Indonesian movement but a global movement. It was inevitable. 
Ya intinya Islam yang disampaikan nabi Muhammad itu agama original. Kalo tidak mengakui nabi Muhammad itu artinya ente pegikut agama samawi yang menyimpang seperti Kristen dan Yahudi. Makanya di syahadat harus ada nabi Muhammad nya.

Emang Islam itu agama yang penuh retorika. Jangan mendebat Islam dengan logika karena anda pasti akan kalah dan capek ujung2nya. 
I'm an ex-Muslim atheist. To answer your question, Muslims do not believe that Islam is an upgrade of Judaism and Christianity. In fact, Muslims believe that Islam is the original religion of Adam, Ibrahim, Isa, and all the other prophets. Christianity to Islam is just a blasphemy, and most Muslims don't understand what is a Judaism anyway besides they are bad people and super smart. So in Islamic teaching, Muhammad came to "reform" the Abrahamic religion to its origin. 
Fuck you and fuck vin diesel.
lol people like movies that I like and dislike movies I like, they should take the stick out of their arse.

Of come on, fuck off you fucking tool. 
Except his movies are not fun. Marvel movies are fun and dumb movies. Vin Diesel movies are fucking terrible.
I became a Barca fan because of Ronaldinho. I was his biggest fan, but even I admit that Messi is better. IMHO too many people judge a player by his highlight reels. If you just watch youtube highlight videos, players with lots of tricks like Ronaldinho and Neymar seems like they are out of this world. 

 I watched almost every game of Barcelona with Ronaldinho and Messi. Ronaldhino could shine in some magical moments but he was very very inconsistent. There were too many games when he was simply invisible and do nothing, with Deco, Eto'o, and Xavi pulling the hard work. If you follow Barcelona now, even when Messi is not at his best he is still almost always the best player in Barcelona. 

And in my opinion, often people who said Ronaldinho is better than Messi is not a Barcelona fan. Because people who watch every Barca game with Ronnie and Messi like me will always know that Messi is a far better player.
I bought this [backpack](https://www.homeofmillican.com/collections/smith-the-roll-pack-25l/products/the-mavericks-smith-the-roll-pack-25l-slate#product) in Bever (dutch outdoor stores), and its one of the best backpack I've ever owned. Comfortable and very well made. Cons, it's a rolltop, which is kinda cumbersome for some.


Trio Gabe is still the best 
maybe you got downvoted because you were such a whinny bitch.

And yes, I downvoted your post
gw beli indomie di belanda kurang jos, gw tambahin aja micin langsung enak.
it is, for teenagers. 
lol at downvotes. James Cameron fanboys are the worst lol
The latest fast furious. Worst movie ever made in earth. 
I am an engineer, but I have to say art students are not dumb. In fact I find they are among the most interesting and open minded people you can talk to.

Business students though, I agree they are dumb.
Who said I don't care for Jumanji? I love it, that's why I'm coming to this thread. I said I hate all you guys talk about is Justice League, not just here but almost in every movie threads which dont have anything to do with Justice fucking League. You superhero fans, whether it is DC or Marvel are the second most fucking annoying fanbase in the world after Star Wars fans.
you guys talk about Justice League too much. It's just a fucking superhero movie. There are much more interesting and better movies to talk about than just another fucking superhero movies.



mayoritas orang Indo itu buta sejarah karena ga pernah baca buku. Coba kalo dipolling masyarakat yang tahu kalo dulu Soekarno itu dekat dengan PKI berapa persen, paling cuman dikit. Orang2 cuman tau Soekarno itu bapak proklamasi sama presiden pertama tok. Bahkan gw yakin mayoritas orang Indonesia ga tau kenapa Soekarno diturunkan. 

At this point camera sensor on phone won't get any larger and it will all depend on software, much more than on dedicated cameras like dslr and mirrorless.  And anyone who learns signal processing knows that image processing is not an easy stuff, lots of machine learning involved. As long as Google has the best image processing engineers pixel will always have the best camera on the market. 
because he was not European. Julius Caesar and Alexander the great probably butchered and raped hundred thousands of people too yet reddit "history buffs" ( but only interested in Roman and Ancient Greeks ) have no problem glorifying them. 
Yet you guys are fine glorifying another evil piece of shit, Alexander the Great.
Gw setuju sih sama lu kalo media barat emang lebay soal gay raid di Indo. 

Cuman gw nonton ILC kemarin yang soal polemik MK dan undang2 LGBT dan zina. Jadi ada sekelompok anggota DPR yang sedang mengajukan perubahan Undang2 mengenai LGBT dan zina ke Mahkamah Konstitusi, dengan dalih ada kekosongan hukum mengenai LGBT dan zina. Secara hukum MK emang bisa bikin hukum baru kalo dinilai ada kekosongan hukum. Nah kalo itu bisa goal berarti LGBT bakal dikriminalisasi di Indonesia secara resmi dan didukung2 undang2. Dan ini juga beda sama UU pornografi di mana ga harus menyangkut media komunikasi ataupun aksi di tempat publik.

 
stripper2 sama prostitute cewek emang dipenjara sampe 3 tahun kaya dia?
I bought a Vita just for Persona lol. Not regret it a bit. 
jangan lupa sama edgy teenage nerd conservatives. Di mata mereka menjadi konservatif itu yang penting anti SJW sama feminisme. Kebanyakan korban2 gamergate, orang2 kurang gaul yang kebanyakan main game sama nonton anime. 
He had 6 million dollars, he already win in life before The Room.  
At least Lebron is not a rapist
lu keturunan tionghoa, si penjajah tanah lu pribumi?
Directors of all Fast Furious movies. Because they make those movies I really despise with all of my heart. 
force is "allah"
may the force be with you is "allahu akbar"
also I read that Tempe is much better than non fermented soy products such as Tofu and soy milk because it does not disturb your hormone. 
ada dua faktor yang pernah gw baca,

pertama alasan genetik, tubuh asia lebih cocok sama olahraga yang mengandalkan agility & reflex daripada speed,strength, and endurance. Juga ga butuh fisik tinggi buat main badminton. 

kedua, bulu tangkis itu di Indonesia punya keuntungan di mana populer di kalangan mayoritas dan minoritas (etnis tionghoa) dan ga diskriminiatif sama etnis minoritas. Setau gw pemain bulu tangkis Indo yang jago2 tahun 70-80an hampir semuanya keturunan tionghoa. 
it's highly subjective though. I can sing along to the original Giant Steps by John Coltrane note by note because I really like it, while some of my friends think of it as a bunch of notes that does not make sense. 
lol I have far worse acne + lots of scars and still go out regularly. You look fine dude, seriously.
I don't understand, what makes Tony creepy?

He seems like a good guy and all around a nice family man to me, always with his wife, shoots a couple of vids with his kid. 
gw juga ga punya barangnya, nyesel juga dulu ga donlot
not the real version.
barang yang asli udah hilang jejaknya di dunia maya. Kerjanya polisi salut dalam kasus kaya gini sigap banget. Bahkan di forum2 bokep kaya semprot dll ada larangan menyebar video ini, karena adminya udah diperingatin polisi. Di xvideos dll juga udah ga ada dan yang udah terlanjur nyimpen donlot pas baru keluar pada takut buat upload karena bisa dituduh penyebar dan dijadiin tersangka. Gile urusan bokep gini polisi Indo hebat banget ya kerjanya. 

BTW, video2 hana anisa yang beredar sekarang itu bukan yang asli. Yang versi asli sudut pandangnya POV dari cowoknya di bawah lagi posisi WOT. Yang beredar sekarang sudut pandang kameranya dari samping dan bukan POV. 

Dan satu yang paling penting yang asli toketnya hana anisa jauh lebih gede dari versi "KW" nya yang beredar sekarang.




Judging by Wikipedia and google images of both cities looks like Tel Aviv is a far better city to live. If not because of religion I don't see a reason why both sides really want that city to be their capital. 
why the fuck he didn't have someone/partner to help him in a situation like this?
With that money you can save 2000 Euros a month. I am a student in Utrecht and I spend less than 1000 a month including housing. And I I know friends who rent a studio apartment for just 750 Euros a month here. 
What strikes me most as an Asian student in the Netherlands is how egalitarian the society is. I mean back in my country you wouldn't just call a professor by his name. There are like no distance between teachers and students, bosses, and workers here. And I love how frugal the society is. If you can buy cheap phones why do you have to buy iphones, even if you can afford it?
Belanda ga bisa jadi superpower karena negaranya kecil dan populasinya dikit. Jaman sekarang kan ga bisa kolonialisme kaya dulu. 
I will celebrate like crazy when it happens. I dont like Cameron and his fanboys
Try this movie http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0440803/ . And watch the original thai version not the american remake
There was this time a group of students from Oman came to Netherlands for joint geology field camp program from my university. It was hilarious watching them have no idea what to do with plates and glasses after eating and drinking. They never have to wash their own plates and glasses once in their lives lol. Well to be fair those students probably came from a really rich family, oil sheikh or something considering they study geology. Because from what I've heard Oman is much more progressive than Saudi.




yeah so peaceful, hence the rape of nanking
lol its not
Instagram is better. Fuck Snapchat.
meanwhile no one blame people who buy Switch for their exclusives, but yeah, Sony is evil right
hey fuck you, why do you commenting on this sub asshole? Go back to madrid sub fuckers
who the fuck idiots who upvoting this troll? Its obvious he is trolling here with his unfunny and stupid sarcasm, which does not work because half he said is true, that ronaldo is far worse player than messi and doesnt deserve ballon d or.


No Ronaldo is equal to Messi even better because he scored more goals in UCL and watching from the sideline in Euro final. And I graduated from MIT in soccer engineering :)
Fuck Ronaldo, fuck him, seriously. I hate this fucking cunt more than anything in this world.
Because singaporean can afford iphones. Those people who buy oppo would buy iphones if they can afford it. By South East Asian he mean except Singapore, you guys are more western Europe economically than South East Asians.
well they are right. 
Its so idiotic considering chinese, indian, indonesian, and arabian has their own version of fried rice. There is no country who own "nasi goreng". And the traditional Indonesian version is definitely a modification of Chinese fried rice. 
Like most Indonesian food, they are probably derived from either Arabian, Chinese, or Indian food.

Just googling its true, martabak asin is from middle eastern "murtabak" and martabak manis is from hokkien food "hok lo pan". 
I only want the Disaster Artist to win anything so we can see Tommy Wiseau at the Oscar
There are actually lots of 7 years old who can play like this if they study jazz from the beginning. The scary thing is how he advanced from beginner to master level in just three years.
It is not
because you are the one who did this? 
NBA is much much much more popular internasionaly though. Nobody outside of US care about NFL.
Rice is healthy. There is a reason why pro bodybuilders all over the world choose rice (white rice) as their main carb source. Its better than pasta, bread, and potatoes. The problem is when Indonesians eat rice "sebakul" but live sedentary lifestyle, sitting on their asses all day. 
paling anggota KAMMI, underbow PKS yang udah nguasain hampir semua BEM di Indo. 
its just add more fat and oil, because instant noodle was deep fried to dehydrate them. It is slightly worse for your health but enhance flavour. 
Pernah kerja bentar di perusahaan yang bos dan direksinya orang2 keturunan Tionghoa. Lucu liat gimana beberapa karyawan dan terutama para Office Boy suka ngomongin mereka di belakang pake embel2 "dasar cina dll", tapi begitu di depan mereka sok2 bermanis2 dan menjilat. Kalo emang ga suka orang Cina ya cari kerja di tempat lain aja.
If I were Jokowi I would be very careful to not do what you suggest here. Don't get me wrong, as an ex muslim atheist I hate those people as much as you, but remember, one of the reasons they got so powerful and full of supports now is because they were oppressed ideologically and politically during Soeharto regime. Thats why all those conservatives islamic parties and ormas were formed at 1998. Playing hard with them will just make them unite more and got more supports from gullible people.

Jokowi is doing the right thing by focusing on the development across Indonesia. Remember, although Indonesia is a muslim majority, they are mostly concentrated on Sumatra, Java, Borneo, and small parts of other Island. By focusing on development, Jokowi is gaining support from people in Papua, Maluku, North Sulawesi, Nusa Tenggara,  places where Islam is the minority and FPI, PKS, etc got no hold there. Thats why I think Jokowi will win 2019 because he got full supports from eastern Indonesia. 

Also see HTI ban and perpu ormas. Jokowi looks like he does nothing to those radicals, but he is actually restraining their moves while still letting educated people see how stupid are these people.  
Non american already knows that basketball is the most famous american sport in the world, but somehow american still think that NFL is more famous than NBA outside the US. Seriously ask random people in Asia they wouldnt know Tom Brady, Manning, Jerry Rice, etc. Ask poeple Jordan, Kobe, Lebron, Steph, they would know.
lol you are so biased its funny. Its proven by so many tests than Pixel 2 produce better pictures especially in low lights. How come iphone x blows you away when you had Pixel 2 XL for a while? Stop your marketing bullshits please.
People from rich background in Indonesia tend to be less religious (in a sense that they are not practicing their religion seriously, even though in their belief lots of them are still conservatives), and they usually go to either US, UK, or Australia. 

Why they go to US or Australia instead of Europe? Its true that tuition fees in Europe is cheaper, but there is another important point people here don't realize. Most rich students choose Business/Finance/Management degree, (especially those who are already on their way to be the future CEO of their parents company) and usually you study those in English speaking countries. Those who study science/engineering mostly have varied backgrounds, from poor to middle class, but usually they are not the rich kids. They tend to go to Europe because they are offering very high quality engineering/science degree in much lower price. 

Its obvious for those who have attended university in Indonesia, students in Business/Management/Law are much less conservatives than students in science and engineering departments, mostly because of economic backgrounds I mentioned before. 

I am studying in the Netherlands, and from my observation Indonesian students in Erasmus Rotterdam and Den Haag (mostly study business, management, finance) are much less conservatives than students in Delft, Eindhoven, Twente, and Utrecht (mostly study engineering and science). It has no connection with how many "bule" friends you have. I have conservative friend with mostly "bule" friends and liberal friend with mostly Indonesian friends here. It really boils down to your previous economic and social background. When people move overseas they don't suddenly change. 



what Google do with HDR+ in Pixel is far more impressive in my opinion.
Genius
The Big Sick is my new favorite from Apatow films. The first Apatow movie that makes me laugh and cry.
thats literally what my mom said after I told her the news. 
cough cough MKBHD and Mr Mobile. 
"mamba mentality"

Kyrie, Russ, Booker, those mamba followers are bunch of idiots lol
He laugh because he posts on the donald lol. 
MJ is KD to Pippen Curry lol
berarti supirnya masih bisa add number terus liat profile picture whatsapp. Ga mau suudzon sih tapi liat share2 capturan chat sama driver go-jek (yang ga tau HOAX apa engga) banyak kasus supir gojek genit kalo penumpangnya cantik
I havent use gojek in months but do you still chat with them with sms or whatsapp? I knew grab has their chat app within their app but I dont know about go-jek.
Ya semoga aja ini supir beneran baik dan cuman pengen berbuat baik tanpa pamrih bukan karena liat profile picture cantik terus jadi genit. 

Ngeliat tabiat cowo2 Indonesia ko gw curiga ke yang alasan kedua.

Sebenernya dipikir2 bahaya juga sih kalo supir go-jek kesengsem dan kelakuanya bejad bisa stalking udah tau nomer hape sama alamat rumah.
haha maklum ibu2 rumah tangga kurang kerjaan, kerjanya posting ga jelas di socmed
See? Warcraft doesnt deserve 82 rating and if Warcraft got that score Fifty shades of grey doenst deserves 29. Fanboys are fucking immature idiots (muh muh SJW feminazi) and shouldn't be able to submit their ratings.
I think its a bad movie, but the same people who rated it badly gave high praise to a fuckin trash like warcraft. How the fuck that garbage got a score above  80 by audiences? So it is still fanboys problem. Fifty shades of grey is a bad movie but doesn't deserves much worse score than fucking warcraft.
just like all warriors fans here petty and salty as fuck lol. 
lol so movies who are rated really badly by audiences are: Ghostbusters(29), Fifty Shades of Grey (28), snatched(28), movies which are pandering to female audiences. 

Its almost like those are reviewed by immature fanboys who submit zero ratings before they even watch the movies, because they think "muh muh SJW Feminazi muh muh male hating" lmao.

And guess what movie rated highly by audiences? yeah, fucking warcraft lol.

Audiences ratings are fucking joke.

And here in r/movies people are saying that reviewers are "biased" lol.
they won the game you idiot 
lol Lakers fans defending Warriors tonight lol. So glad you guys both lose
lol just give fuck you fucking asshole
lol you guys are amazingly quiet on this sub today. I thought OKC and westbrook are your favourite enemy lol
The difference is you dont take your dslr everywhere with you. And you should post pictures to instagram from your smartphone camera anyway. 

The anti-Steph 
That camera is too shitty to be a real deal lol. If its an iphone MKBHD would have been mocking it to death, while he gave this phone such an easy pass. Even as an Android user I feel like his reviews are biased towards android. The real deal my ass. 
biarpun udah banyak bokep jepang dan barat kualitas HD, kalo lagi sange tetep nyarinya bokep IGO biarpun kualitas sampah 3gp sekalipun.
film2 Joko Anwar. Favorit gw masih Pintu Terlarang.

sama baru minggu kemarin baru nonton Warkop DKI Reborn, udah lama banget ga ngakak abis2an gara2 nonton film
Man, I've been really disappointed with my new secondhand GR that I'm think of selling it again. I sold my Canon EOS 60D because I got really good offer for quite an old camera and I'm tired lugging around dslr especially for travelling. Turns out I missed the quality and the autofocus speed of my old 60d. And for low light situation the autofocus speed is disturbingly slow for me who used to dslr. 
> I don't fully trust the Rotten Tomato score because it seems biased at times

How does it bias when it simply aggregate rating from critics reviews? If you think the rating is biased does it mean you think most critics are biased? Then its not Rotten Tomato's fault is it?  

This Justice League rating embargo is the first instance I see which we can say that Rotten Tomatoes is "biased", however it still just about delaying the ratings and does not affects the rating itself at all.

Also I'm not sure if movie reviews are marketing tool. Those movies who do well with critics usually are artsy small budgeted movies, not really the kind of movies who can send money to reviewers. If you think they are biased, I think its just usually the critics tend to have similar taste towards "artsy" and movies who are plot-heavy and story driven. Understandable considering how many movies they consume on daily basis, their taste probably really different to average joe who prefer light hearted movies which can entertain them after busy days of works and school.

 I can see that "marketing tool" in video games though, considering most highly rated games are usually high budgeted games published by large companies. 
the hardest road
lol its always this. Being vegan and spread veganism doenst have anything to do with telling meat eaters that they are bad person.

Seriously I'm not a vegan, but you guys are too fuckin sensitive. vegan = muh muh so we meat eaters are bad person?. racism = muh muh I'm a bad person for being born as white? , sexism = muh muh I'm a bad person for being a male?

Give me a break and grow fucking pairs of balls you pussies, stop being over dramatic and so sensitive
well meeting Lakers fans who are not Kobe fans is as rare as Lonzo scoring double digit lol
and people dont hate Kobe fans? lol you guys are unbearable now when Kobe retired can you imagine how annoying you are when Kobe still play? I really glad Lonzo turn out to be mediocre lol
If you are black it's cool to wear fedora
2018 is going to be the year of Windows pho............. uhmm Surface phone!
Because its fun to remind people (especially Microsoft fanboys) no one use Windows in supercomputer, like they take pride in their usual "The year of Linux" jab. From  Supercomputers to Android phones,  Linux is far more essentials to our daily lives than what PC master races think
lol dont

if you want to study in South East Asia better to do it in Singapore, Malaysia, or Thailand
pas gw kelas 2 SD pernah beli coca cola di plastik sama sedotan terus buang sampah sembarangan di jalan, habis itu disamperin tukang sampah dimarahin "jangan buang sampah sembarangan, nyusahin kerjaan saya ini (dengan bahasa sunda)"

Sampe sekarang masih inget tuh kejadian, bikin kapok buang sampah sembarangan. Gw berutang budi sama tuh tukang sampah.
"kamu gemukan ya" 
me : " iya nih, tandanya bahagia haha..." 

"kamu kurusan ya"
me : "iya nih, lagi rajin olahraga haha.."

my go to answers everytime I heard those
No he didnt, period. And show your flair bitch
My answer: because Islam is a religion. If I was a christian, buddhist, shinto, tao, confucius, zoroastrian or any kind of beliefs I would have left it too. No hard feelings with Islam to be honest. I dont think Islam is any worse than christian or buddha or whatever.


I glad I have all (except for Xbox). I can play FPS and strategy in PC, Persona 5 and Bloodbourne in PS4, and Zelda and Mario in Switch. I dont care what system I play because in my opinion games are what are most important. Those who say Sony exclusives sucks never play Persona 5 because that game in my opinion is equal to Breath of the Wild and better than SMO Odyssey. 
persona 5 and bloodbourne are cinematic action games? just because TLOU and Uncharted are cinematic games dont mean all major PS4 titles are the same genre. Bloodbourne and Persona 5 are classic console type games which need hundreds of hours to play, they are not cinematic type at all. I get a feeling you are Sony hater not really PS4 owner if you think all Sony have is cinematic action games.
umm...persona 5 is the only game that can compete with Zelda and Mario for GOTY title dude. your opinion is typical fanboy 
i dont like all warriors fans
IMO the X pictures are worse but somehow have this film-like organic quality to it. But to achieve the same thing you can just use VSCO filters on pixel 2 photos. Overall sharpness, dynamic range, low light performance, Pixel 2 pics are better.

Conclusion: Pixel 2 is much more versatile and better as a camera.
Does your husband know about your preference and is he okay with it?
I've used Thule Paramount (the 24 l version) and it get incredibly sweaty in the back when I'm cycling due to lack of back padding and airflow. I will look at another pack if you intend to use it for cycling. In my experience Osprey pack has the best back ventilation.
> In my mind I don’t believe in a god, so does it matter if I follow muslim traditions because of family and friends?

This. My atheism comes from my lack of beliefs in any kinds and forms of higher beings, not from my disappointment or dislike towards some religions. Because of that, I have no problem pretending being a muslim, and although I dont believe in god, I still think there are lots of positive aspects and traditions with religion. In Islam for example, I love the sense of brotherhood and solidarity which comes from certain practices like Sodakoh, Zakat & Fasting. 

Anyway, I knew some people who became an atheist initially because they hate some rules & practices in their religion, and had bad experiences with them. In that case, I can understand if they want to distance themselves as far as possible from their religion. Everyone has their own experiences and their reasons. I still think its their rights to come out openly and formally as an atheist, too bad the law in our country prohibits that. 


savage
ga worth sih ngaku atheist di Indo. Kalo online sih reaksinya paling sekedar "edgy, hipster, sok-sokan, special snowflake syndrome, dll" (udah biasa gw baca kaya gitu, bahkan di r/indonesia) , kalo di dunia nyata bisa bikin ortu nangis2 dan diusir dari rumah. 

Kakinya pasti berotot banget, hasil menopang tubuh seberat itu bertahun2. Biasanya orang yang tadinya gendut jadi kurus betisnya super kekar.
nope until he rot in jail
lol yes it is. And if there is one league better than La Liga, it certainly not EPL.
cannot compare NBA to football though, if Bulls was in La Liga, they would have been relegated to segunda A.  Tanking doesnt work in football because theres a risk in relegation.
Mungkin karena lu masih kuliah? Kalo udah kerja masuk linkungan perkantoran di jakarta, kebanyakan tuh perempuan2 yang dulunya hijabers udah pada lepas hijab. Lebih dari setengah temen kuliah gw yang hijabers udah lepas hijab setelah independen dan punya penghasilan sendiri. Artinya mereka pake hijab karena tuntutan keluarga. Banyak yang tiap jumat hobinya hangout minum, sholat juga jarang2. Tapi ya, kalo ngobrol sama mereka, sebenernya masih islam juga, cuman nggak terlalu konservatif.

Tapi emang entah kenapa gw ngeliat di Indo trend nya perempuan cenderung lebih religius dibanding laki2. 
Same with me with Klay. Its really tough to love him since he play on fuckin Warriors. Hope hes being traded in the future. 
Maybe because comments like this here:

 "He no longer needs to carry the offensive load and drag LeBron along. He can exert more energy on the defensive end."

"Lebron’s defensive effort was rubbing off on him"

and of course those comments made by Warriors fans



The only reason I hate Knicks was because of Melo. Never forgive him for what he did to Lin after Linsanity.
Ricky is much more handsome dude
I remember felt the same way when I play Dragon Quest VIII on PS2. I was not an adult back then, still in middle school. But I remember daydreaming on school about all the dungeons, fantasy, and  quests in the game. We had the television in the living room, and I remember waiting until my parents were asleep, and quietly play the game on mute in the living room (because they don't allow me to play games on weekdays). It still one of the best gaming experience I have ever feel in my life ( playing Journey is one of them, definitely).

I haven't play BOTW, but planning on picking it up in the coming days. Hopefully I will experience those feelings I got playing Dragon Quest VII. I'm also waiting for DQ XI english version to come on switch.
I like team basketball too, but sometimes seeing one man destroying the opposition single handily is still the best thing to watch on sports.

Also hero ball is more synonymous with player like Westbrook or Kobe. Although Lebron is ball dominant player, he is always looking for assists and involving his teammates. Thats basically the reason why Lebron used to called  unclutch and soft, because he always passes in clutch situation, not taking the shot himself. 
If Kyrie still play in Cavs he would be suck as well. Maybe he really flourished when he is not playing with ball dominant player like Lebron. 

Also thinking of Oladipo who play much better now when he is not with Westbrook. 
lol keep telling yourself that. 
I think Apple has much stronger brand recognition than Cadillac. Cadillac is not popular outside of the USA. I think BMW , Benz, or Ferrari are more comparable to Apple. Great products, very famous throughout the world (not just US), and expensive. 

click next, he is second below Curry. 
Kuroko doesnt have an asshole dad
lol big talk from a Lakers fan
si sandi gosipnya pelanggan juga kan
Gw lebih terganggu sama cara dia nulis dibangun jadi "di Bangun". Ni orang ga lulus pelajaran bahasa Indonesia ya
because like any stories viral in Chinese media, it probably fake.
Nintendo is actually one of the few Japanese game companies who put efforts to satisfy both bases adequately. 

There are other Japanese games which are super huge in Japan but almost got no attention in the US and Europe, like Dragon Quest and Monster Hunter series, because they are only released in Japan and need several months for english version to be released. Even Persona is kinda niche outside of Japan, while in my opinion Persona 5 is a masterpiece which is as good as BOTW and SMO.


lol christians downvote army to the rescue
bullshit
I also have PC, PS4, and planning on buying switch next month. I dont care whether PC is better, off course it is better it is a fucking computer for god sake, people do everything on computer of course it is the most powerful machine in the whole world. The real question is which game is better, not which platform is better.

The reason why I wil buy TLOU2 is because I have play first TLOU and it is one of the best gaming experience I ever had in my life, and I trust Naughty Dog on making another masterpiece for the sequel. 

Honestly its no different than Mario fan for example, no trailer will convince Mario fan to not buy the next Super Mario  game because they trust Nintendo on making another masterpiece, the same way I trust Naughty Dog.

And honestly, just fucking wait for another trailer which will show more about the gaming aspect, they will release it later. 
I knew the singer (Rara) from high school. Always knew she was good at piano, never knew she is this talented at song making though.

And her younger sister, Isyana Sarasvati is also a singer, and she is super popular in Indonesia.
you guys are fuckin idiot lol. 
lol you sounds like flat earther dude.
People who have play first TLOU will definitely buy the game just by that trailer, we already know how capable Naughty Dog at making masterpieces. 

People who have negative opinions about this trailer probably don't even have PS4 and hate Sony ( oh hello PC master race!?) , so it doesnt matter to them.  
lol all your posts are just about Sony hate lol. I bet you are a PC gamer
lol there are so many great games on PS1 dude. Final Fantasy, Resident Evil, Tekken, Crash Bandicoot. I am.Asian though, Final Fantasy was massive phenomenon back in PS1 days here in Asia, every kids play Final Fantasy. I seriously dont know anyone who play Zelda until Wii came out.
Truth. Its understandable though, majority of people on r/games are PC gamers first. Although its known that some of PC gamers dislike console gaming, between the three its obvious that Sony is the one that PC gamers dislike the most. Xbox is built by Microsoft, their holy god, and Nintendo is not really a direct rival to PC games as they both have very different games. So naturally there will be much more negative comments towards Sony than Microsoft and Nintendo here just by the numbers alone. 


Well its just your opinion man. For me Persona 5 is even in the same tier as Super Mario Odyssey and Breath of The Wild. Yes I know you wont believe it (all your posts are hating PS4 anyway) , but there are lots of people who think Persona 5 is the best game of the year. Even Famitsu readers pick it as the best game of all time ( seriously).

Just because you think there are no good PS4 games since bloodborne and Uncharted 4 doesn't mean PS4 owners share the same opinion as you. 
We have similar unlimited pass in the Netherlands for pathe studios, only for 19 Euros per month while movie cost you 10 Euros. At one time me and my friend were in the theatre a whole day, from the morning until midnight, four movies marathon. It was awesome. 
bukanya orang2 di r/indonesia yang benci perlakuan ke minoritas di Indo pada benci model kaya di amrik gitu yah, yang katanya SJW, Politically Correct, Muslim Apologist
Apparently people forget about LeCoast year after year, until playoff comes and Lebron start dad dicking everyone in the East lol
> "the most widely read book in the world after the Bible"

really, more than Qur'an? I call that bullshit
> Anies knowing full well Alexis will win any challenges & become operational again, but at least Anies tried /s

Ini prediksi gw sih. Paling pencitraan doang. Tar pendukungnya paling nyalahin Jokowi lagi karena ngehalang-halangin maksud baik Anies Sandi kalo Alexis masih tetep jalan.
yeah unlike Lonzo, rookie of the year caliber performances every game right
meh, Eurocentric history has been all over movies, television, and game for years. Enough with Rome, Greece, Viking, give me Middle East during Islamic Golden Age, China during Warring States Period, India during Vedic period, and other non European history.



so fucking staged

tu orang bikin orang ini ingin tobat lmao

http://www.tribunnews.com/techno/2017/10/26/usai-download-5-video-mesum-mahasisw-ui-pria-ini-ngaku-trauma-dan-ingin-taubat

dan gw ga habis pikir sama tribun news, kaya gini jadi berita
lol #7 on trending. Pasti banyak bocah2 SD sama SMP tanggung yang nyari di youtube lol
paulinho, quicker than chinese delivery man lmao
Maybe batman (Ahok) should move there after getting out of jail
> Masalah ini jadi gede karena cewenya cakep

dan susunya gede
Setuju, entah kenapa gw selalu ngerasa kalo sejarawan itu satu2nya profesi yang hampir semua praktisinya itu berpandangan terbuka dan bijak. Mungkin karena kalo belajar sejarah bener2 mau ga mau tau semua jelek baiknya kelakuan orang2 dari jaman dulu dari segala macem bangsa, agama, ras. 
All lebron stans = All nba fans beside warriors bandwagons and annoying lakers fans 
foto2 promosi "shots with Huawei P9" ternyata pas dicek EXIF nya pake 5d Mark iii lol, kamera full frame yang bodynya doang ga pake lensa hampir 30 juta.

ga aneh sih sama trik2 perusahaan hp cina
serius ga tau Raditya Dika?
sony rx100 series mungkin
is it the cheapest full frame you can find? Because even 5d mark ii used is still quite expensive here
or laught at Microsoft marketshare in mobile (just like how their fans like to laugh at Mac and Linux marketshare). Anytime you mock Microsoft or Apple there would be lots of their deffenders coming out lol. This is r/Android, but seems like poeple here like Apple and Microsoft products more than Android phones
Karena ga ada uang buat beli daging lol
If you roll the top part properly it still retains tight silhouette when it empty. I admit as the case with other roll top backpack, its not as cool looking compared to when its full. I don't know how the side pockets with stretch with use, I just use this bag for three months, so far no problem. 

It is really well made. They don't use any cheap plastic buckles, all metal. And the thick padding they use for shoulder strap and the back make it more comfortable to use for cycling and carrying heavy things than the previous Thule and Patagonia backpacks I owned. 

And I got so many compliments for this backpack, because its just looks cool.
I have Millican smith the rollpack 25l and it has the feature

https://www.homeofmillican.com/collections/smith-the-roll-pack-25l
where is lebron in the title? Its about Kyrie and other cavs players
Maybe back then (although he was nothing compared to David Beckham). CR7 has gone from the most hated soccer player in the world few years ago to the most popular athlete in the world. He has more followers than Taylor Swift, Beyonce, and Kim Kardashian on instagram, the only athlete on [top 10 lists](https://www.statista.com/statistics/421169/most-followers-instagram/). 

And no one knows Derek Jeter outside of the USA.
lol GSW fan like you always have to bring Lebron out of nowhere lmao. You guys are pathetic
> Very few other huge athletes have such a wholesome image

Cristiano Ronaldo PR work is the best in any sport ever IMHO. 
dont say shit when you never try it
Spain - Return to Forever (Chick Corea's band)
this so much. 

Almost every suggestion here is based on what they have in US/Canada. 

I remember how people here complain that Oneplus 5 was only couple bucks cheaper than Galaxy s8 lmao. Here S8 is almost twice as expensive as OP5
> with fatigue excuse

even worse, fatigue due to playing mobile legend all night, not because of studying or working on assignments lmao
its because lots of people who dont love lebron usually dont show up in this kind of thread. Notice how few GSW and Lakers flairs in every Lebron love thread? And usually few of them always have some snarky remarks about him. Its the nature of this subreddit.
Yes and its because of you guys warrior fans
nope, eating soy all the time will mess your testosterone dude. The key is variety, eat different sources of protein: beef, chicken, fish, soy, beans
because of those bullshit quote repeated every time here "Spend money on things that separate you and earth: shoes, mattress, and  tires". That quote must be invented by a sales person. Seriously, IKEA mattress is fine. 

> I had to go to girls kos next door

wow genius, thats a great excuse to visit girls kos lol
I'll buy this camera if it have M43 sensor. I love their concept of changing fake films for different image filters, its so intuitive and elegant, and easy to do for total beginner. 
Kecap Bango is the king here. Kecap ABC used to rule the market and Kecap Bango was just a local Jakarta brand until Unilever acquired Kecap Bango in 2001 and they used new nationwide marketing strategies such as changing the logo, lots of television ads, etc. But its true that Kecap Bango tastes the best in my opinion.
setuju. Bahkan temen gw lulusan ITB kerja di pertamina pengikut flat earth. Bukti lulusan "kampus terbaik bangsa" ga jaminan bisa berpikir rasional.
yang konservatif ga lebih baik bro
from those photo, either your sister is very short or awkarin is fuckin nba player lol
The weird thing about Indonesian students are although we are poor bastards we cant cook for shit. We never learn to cook because buying food outside is relatively cheap and because kos2an usually doesn't provide kitchen. But I tried cooking for myself and you can seriously managed to eat healthy protein rich food 750k per month. 
no one give a shit about that, people just think about which country the guitar companies are from. Even though most of Ibanez guitars are made in Indonesia, musicians will correlate Ibanez with Japan, not Indonesia. 
One of the reason I love studying and living in the Netherlands is that almost everyone knows about Indonesia and our cuisine. 
the reddit hate..

lol all accounts who hate this guy are Trump supporters, just look at their post history.
Wonder Woman is the kind of movie that I'm sure my 15 year old me would hate and calling it overrated. Adult me found it great though.
I'm a big fan of Millican. The smith rollpack 25l is the best backpack I have ever owned.
In my opinion the obsession with stock android is the most reasonable one. I mean people on this subreddit put too much emphasize on hardware rather than software, which is the part where a machine connect with human. Theres a reason why China can make these beautiful phone with top of the line hardware but their softwares are still crap. And with all these hype for how touchwiz this year does not suck anymore, its proven year after year that its still sucks after all. 

now I got an excuse to keep cookies in my house
fuck I hate british commentators.
Nothing is perfect, but to me software matter as much as hardware. LG V30 is a dream for hardware geek who doesnt care about software and user experience. 

LG software is even worse than most Chinese Android phone iOS copycat. I wont user LG phone even if their hardware is the best. 
lol wartawan kumparan goblok masih belum sadar triknya david bond, kena mampus 47 dollar masuk kantong david bond.

sumpah habis baca artikel dia jadi ngefans. Bagus dia buka blak2an inferiority complex orang2 asia terhadap orang 'kulit putih' sama etika dan kredibilitas jurnalis di asia yang nol besar. 


do you even read his article? hes not even all that because hes actually just a normal guy in a monogamous relationship. 
lol nope. I hate that guy since his first season in MU, I will not stop hating him even if come to Barca. Fuck ronaldo
If its google people on reddit would have crucified them. Microsoft got lots of fanboys here.
meh, Steph >>>> prime MJ
Meh, cant beat the original version:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxIVb36Jjlk
> collecting and selling your data for ads. Apple encrypts your messages so they can't read them. Google literally reads your emails.

most people outside of tech bubble don't care about this though.  
The thing is, no matter how unreliable RT ratings are, it far more reliable than imdb, which are horrible shitshow of fanboys giving 10/10 to their favorite franchise (yes, franchise, not movies) and giving 1/10 to movies they hate because they think its political before they even watch the movie. Its the case with any superhero movies and movies with lots of black cast and female protagonists. Fuck those fanboys at imdb, really. 
If you don't mind roll top backpack, try this:

https://www.rei.com/product/106727/millican-smith-roll-25l-pack



the only scum part of him is how he records and publishes the sex videos on the internet without agreement from the other partners.

I don't know why being "sexpats" without making videos are making them scums. Those girls are willing to have sex with those "bule ganteng mapan". Well, its not the bule's fault that lots of our local girls are so interested in them. And this is coming from local pribumi guy.
lol r/android always find a way to bitch about a phone. 
I dont remember the first time, because I cry a lot watching movies. 

But the movie that made me cry really hard is Cinema Paradiso. That ending wrecked me for days, man.
try this:

https://www.homeofmillican.com/collections/smith-the-roll-pack-25l

so far it is the best backpack that I have ever owned. The coated canvas fabric is durable, and  the aluminum buckles they use will last for years. And unlike other cool looking kinda "hipster-ish" backpack out there (cough cough fjallraven), it uses some thick padding for shoulder straps and the back and has some ventilation/air flow. I use it for cycling and it is really comfortable for my shoulder and my back. 

I don't know if it will last you peace corps, but from the blog, the bag is made for a hybrid between city use and outdoor, it has been tested for hiking and outdoor activities. 
Karena kesadaran kita akan science dan teknologi emang kurang banget sih. Orang taunya ilmuwan ato insinyur itu nemuin sesuatu yang "keren" kaya pak habibie. Ato orang yang nemuin 4g lah, roket, dll. Padahal kerjaan ilmuan/insinyur itu kebanyakan berkutat di lab ato depan komputer ngeliatin kode. Dan penemuan itu hampir semuanya ga ada yang dilakukan satu orang, selalu group dan lebih ke iterasi ide2 yang sudah ada sebelumnya, sesuatu yang juga ga disadari orang awam kita. Berita2 selalu aja tentang "penemu ini, penemu itu"

Btw hal yang paling gw benci dari kasus iron man indo waktu itu, semua media sama sekali ga ada yang beriktikad untuk klarifikasi. Setelah bau2 hoax keliatan, kebanyakan media cuman "cuci tangan", sama sekali ga menyinggung soal kemungkinan hoax, ga minta maaf, ga ngapa2in. Mereka cuman pindah beritain berita viral lainya seperti tanpa dosa. Padahal mereka punya andil nyebarin berita bohong ke masyarakat.
Dia beneran anak s3 delft, s2 nya delft juga. Di belanda lulus s2 bisa lanjut s3 di tempat sama itu berarti dia termasuk yang cemerlang pas s2, karena banyak banget yang ngincer posisi s3 dan tempatnya terbatas. Sebenernya dia udah pinter dan berprestasi, sayang banget pake bohong segala. 
Whelp, now I think about it, Ryan Gosling as the next bond will be awesome. Imagine melancholy lonely type Bond like Gosling in Blade Runner and Drive. 
lol I expected all these comments from photographers. This product is not for you.
they will like the funny one. Well, Boyega is. 
looks like they include a bunch of mainland Chinese actresses with minimal dialogue and no purpose besides for marketing in this sequel too. I am wondering how much China pays for this new movie.

I have a feeling it will be one of the worst sequel ever made. 
or anything that is not made by LG, will make it substantially better. LG software is an abomination, seriously. 
the power of computational photography. 

xiaomi mi5 promo shots have the black bezels around the screen photoshoped so it shows much smaller bezels.

honestly chinese smartphone companies do this kind of thing regularly. 
learn to play jazz. I think of it as the highest level you can get in guitar.
well its from an experience of living and working for a year in Kuala Lumpur, and also now studying in the Netherlands.
westafel is from wastafel which means wash table in dutch

kantor is frok dutch kantoor, kamar is from dutch kamer, bioskop is from dutch bioscoop, kulkas is from koelkast or cool cupboard in dutch.

its simple actually, if malaysian dont understand an indonesian word, its very possible its derrived from dutch
yeah you are a fanboy
what happened to agnez mo?
https://www.fjallraven.com/kanken-kids

not a cheap backpack though
Yeah if you see my flair I still use One Plus One. I'm not putting the fault on the company, just try to give a different perspective to those here who think $1000 is not that huge of a deal. 
I was going to recommend this rolltop backpack that I really like:

https://www.homeofmillican.com/products/he-mavericks-smith-the-roll-pack-25l-rust

but it is outside your price range


and because you are probably a middle-class American and can afford it. One thousand dollar is like full three months salary for average workers in my country. 
front loader or roll top?
Have you tried washing it in a washing machine? 

And just saves and buy a new backpack, there are many good ones that are inexpensive, and not smells like a poop.
I'm doing ultralight and ultracompact traveling/hiking, and my old Canon EOS 60d is becoming more of a nuisance than a companion each day on vacation. Its fucking big and heavy and with the lens it takes like 30% space of my traveling backpack. 

I think I'm done with dslr and probably will sell my 60d and looking for a second-hand sony rx100. My friend use one and the picture quality is amazing for its size.
you know what, India used to be a part of UK. My country, Indonesia, used to be a part of the Netherlands. That's used to be the law.

If you lived 75 years ago, are you gonna support colonialism just because it was the law at that time?


better than your priests who buried their penises in children's anuses.
yeah, who cares
check out Mammut seon series
and no one talk about the original star wars several re  release, it is only gone with the wind the movie that got re release advantages
lol so much hype for v30 and s8 still take better pictures
not at all.


most of them are usually fucking idiots though.
lol why its always GSW fans that give excuse about Kyrie's stupidity lol
Was it though? To be honest in my country (Asia) back then Motorola phones were not popular at all. Nokia was the king and small percent use Sony Erricson. 

The appeal of iPhone is global, something that has never been matched by any phone company at all.
> because some relatives don't have cell phones.

So your relatives dont have cell phone but have PC or laptop. I seriously doubt there are people like this today, except maybe really old people.
ah no sorry its not the train that are falling, but a man is almost falling from the rail bridge, which I dont remember also from the book. 
I read the novel years years ago when I was in highschool, but I dont remember there are action scenes of the train falling
Timbuk2 parkside. 

http://www.timbuk2.com/parkside-laptop-backpack/384.html
probably, but obviously not by warriors fans. 
marketing
lol if that deflection by Paulnho results in goal the meme will be unthinkable 
feel bad for eibar haha, they are playing well, but keep conceding a goal because they keep attacking us and gets a counter.
lol it is basically a list of rich vs poor countries. Rich countries use Samsung flagship, and poor countries use Samsung low/mid range phone. 
amazing story, although personally I never understand a story about a guy pursuing a girl really hard just because he is stunned by the looks of the girl. 
Apa gara2 fitur fisiknya yang sedikit caucasian? Soalnya kayaknya gw bandingin sama temen2 gw kuliah di Eropa tampang Hamish standar banget di sini. I mean, tukang jualan kebab langganan gw aja lebih ganteng (jangan salah, dia bantuin bokapnya jualan kebab sambil kuliah juga)

Yet those who think doing porn is disgraceful probably still jacking off to porn regularly. 
See cotopaxi allpa backpack

https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-ultimate-adventure-travel-pack-allpa-35l-backpack--2#/

It seems to me it has all the features Minaal has with much better back ventilation, and much more reasonable price. 
Fjallraven Raven bag.

https://www.fjallraven.com/raven-20l

a bit outside of your price range, but it has much higher quality than your Jansport and Herchell backpack. And unlike it much more hipster Kanken line from the same company (you know, that small cute backpack that 80% of Europan female college students wear) , this raven backpack is very comfortable to wear and has lots of compartment. 
hahahaha baca komen2 nya di detik. 
Liat Jago sang Japanolog jadi inget dosen2 gw dulu. Kayaknya hampir 50% dosen2 di ITB kaya gitu, banyak lulusan todai,kyoto, ato tohoku,  suka banga2in sifat tepat waktu, dedikasi,loyalitasnya orang jepang. 
Its not weird at all to me. Remember when you were a kid, it's so easy to make friends compared to now when you are an adult. You can meet a new kid and suddenly you are best friends playing together everywhere. Thats how I remember my childhood. 
Do you know that in Islam Jesus is considered a prophet too. And also there is Moses in the game. So it still have something to do with Islam
yeah but iphone x does not have that ugly ass chin like on ph-1. 


I'm not east Asian myself, but South East Asian. In Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Philippine, Vietnam, JAV is very popular among men. I would say that Maria Ozawa (Miyabi) is more popular than most celebrities in Indonesia ( a country with the 4th largest population in the world) among men. 

But I agree it will be different in South Asia and the Middle East.
Banyak sih alesanya untuk melihara objek wisata lah dll (padahal mental babu, mental maling, mental sampah masyarakat), mampus tuh rasain wisatawan2 luar lebih milih ke Thailand, Malaysia, Filipina, karena ga merasa dirampok, mampus. Fakta jumlah pengunjung ke negara2 Asia Tenggara bukti tidak terelekkan, mampus. Makan tuh visit Indonesia.

Ga cuman di tangkuban perahu, di hampir semua objek wisata di Indo.

https://deasihotang.wordpress.com/2015/08/07/fenomena-harga-tiket-tempat-wisata-berkali-kali-lipat-untuk-wisatawan-asing-di-indonesia/

http://www.kompasiana.com/denydentje/harga-bule-bisa-bikin-turis-asing-kapok-ke-indonesia_56bc83d08f7a615908c643d2
your bf is amateur lol, I used to have a separate account for IG (anonymous of course) for folliwing some girls. 
not only in western countries, in Asian countries most men look at JAV(Japanese Adult Videos).
apa gw kebanyakan baca hentai ya. Pas bagian terakhir kebayang skenarionya lo2 pade bilang kalo si maling bakal dimaafin kalo bolehin adeknya digangbang rame2
fuck minions
http://magdalene.co/news-1382-wahai-suami-karier-istrimu-bukan-hanya-soal-materi.html

gw bingung lo2 pade bilang ini sarang feminazi SJW, menurut gw artikel2nya bagus kaya di atas. 
wow it's actually the only interesting travel bag from Kickstarter/Indiegogo that has a reasonable price. I love Minaal's, Tortuga, and AER but they are really expensive. 
both of my parents are professor, and it seems like they have the best job in the world. Nyante, mapan, banyak koneksi, sering banget ke luar negeri keliling dunia dan cenderung dihormati sama tetangga & keluarga besar. Tapi setelah ngambil master gw berpikir kalo research itu ternyata jauh lebih menguras otak dan mental daripada kerja kantoran, jadi mikir2 mau lanjut phd apa engga.
> You actually have a good point. Many Barca fans are really just Messi fans and they want Argentina to win just so Messi can have his World Cup. They would rather Argentina win than their own damn countries smh

lol and like CR fanboys are any different? 
Nope, already knew that. The problem is I know my personality is boring. I try to change that but I just not as good as lots of people when it comes to talking and socializing. I never blame women for that though, if I were a woman I would go for interesting, funny, and charismatic dude too than an ugly boring quiet guy like me. 

But I already have a girlfriend so it's not that important to me. Just like not everyone has to be athletes, singers, or CEO of a company, not everyone has to be charismatic dude liked by lots of women. People always told me if you be more confident, charming, funnier, more women will like me! But why do I have to do that? I'm fine being me. 

I'm fine being an average man where women usually don't care about my existence. I have other things to deal anyway besides romances. Like this master thesis I should have been working on right now instead of browsing reddit. 
I don't have any. It's just an accumulation of skepticisms that I got all these years from illogical religious teachings. I remember how I couldn't sleep when I was 6 or 7 years old because I was told by my parents that those Christians and Hindu "Kafirs" including my school friends will be tortured in hell forever. Not just for years, but forever. The thoughts of those people tortured forever disturbed me so much I couldn't sleep. Not just hell, the concept of heaven disturbed me too. Won't you get bored even if you have everything if you live forever in heaven? And 72 "bidadari"? What do women get then if men get bidadari? Bidadara? lol. Do women even want 72 "bidadara" like men want bidadari?

Afterwards, in high school and university, I read books about evolutions from richard dawkins (the ancestor's tales) and stephen hawking books (brief history of time and the grand design). Those books made me think that the concept of god doesn't really needed to explain science. I didn't stop at those two authors, I keep reading books. Basically, scientific books became my new "Qur'an", and I read Qur'an less and less, even though I already did khatam AL Qur'an twice when I was in 2nd grade of elementary school. 

If I have a watershed moment, it's a moment when I decided I will stop doing "sholat" at all, because I don't believe in god anymore. I already lost faith before that but I still afraid to leave sholat. It was such a principle thing in 20 years of my life, that I felt really scared to leave it. It was not an easy thing to do. I used to be a devoted Muslim because I grew up in a religious family. Never miss a sholat and puasa since I was in 3rd grade. The moment I stop praying to God I felt a huge relieve in my heart. And no matter how my close friends told me its just a phase, I never come back. Since that moment, it never occurred in my mind that God might exist. 


Mungkin rasio perbedaan ukurannya kaya rasio ukuran kontol pria nigeria dan pria indonesia
pengen banget nampol ni kampret sumpah
Something I notice from him is that he has very good vision. Usually, young pacey players with good dribbling skills would be a ball hog and have a tunnel vision syndrome, but I notice Dembele always looks for a pass. Incredible player. I have no doubt this kid will be as good as Neymar.
Fuck Ronaldo. Madrid fans hate Messi and give him shit why should we say nice things to ronaldo. Fuck him and fuck madrid fans. Fuck them
Okay, so how about Norway stop producing and selling oil to protect the environments if they really care about it?
and I found those weebs always like anime with shitty harem stories. Never found weebs whose favorite manga/animes are Vagabond, Kingdom, Slam Dunk. Its always shits like Love Hina.
A user in r/soccer mentioned it might got something to do with us dropping Qatar from our jersey, and duh... PSG is basically Qatar national team
It's a pity you don't know the village/hometown where she came from. Because if she's from small village/town in rural parts of Java, everyone probably knows everyone and you can just ask any random person there.  
MHO sih alesan kenapa skrg Nike babak belur sama Addidas karena Nike terlalu focus sama running shoes dan ga ada casual line yang oke. Kalo gw jalan2 di kota2 besar di Eropa (London, Paris, Amsterdam, Berlin),Adidas super pasaran terutama Stan Smith sama Superstars, apalagi di kampus2, udah kaya kacang goreng. Dulu pas di Indo gw ngebet pengen pake Stan Smith sekarang di sini males jadinya karena terlalu pasaran.
Kasian kambingnya diperkosa. 
Someone, please post this in r/soccer lol I want to know their reaction.


Pemenang di atas ring: Mayweather.

Pemenang di luar ring? Dua duanya , sama pihak promotor. Ini sih drama abis2an yang diperankan dua aktor utama yaitu McGregor sama Mayweather.

Mayweather dapet duit 330 juta dollar (!!!!! gile bayangin duit segitu banyak) dari pertandingan ecek2, yang gampang banget dimenangin. yaelah pukulan PacMan sama de La Hoya aja bisa dihindarin apalagi ini pukulan petarung UFC "mantan juara tinju Irlandia belasan tahun lalu" yang ga boleh pake tendangan sama bantingan. Petinju pro yang jam terbang tinggi bertahun2 dan masuk kategori legend kaya Chavez, Marquez, De La Hoya, Pacman, aja dibuat frustasi, apalagi cuman McGregor. 

McGregor udah pasti bakal kalah (walau tidak secara memalukan) dan dapet duit 110 juta dollar, dua kali lipat gaji Messi setahun, didapetin cuman dari sejam doang. Walau kalah tapi ga malu karena wajar dong, petinju UFC kalah dari boxer di atas lapangan boxing pake aturan boxing, lawanya legend pula.

Menurut gw ini pertandingan paling lawak sepanjang sejarah. Jenius banget mereka berdua, dapet duit segede gitu yang bisa bikin lo tajir tujuh turunan cuma dengan dagelan di atas panggung. yah paling bonyok2 dikit dah.

Liat aja gimana mereka acting dengan saling "trash talk" di konferensi pers lol sebelum match. Biar seakan2 mereka bener2 berseteru dan ingin menyelesaikan masalah di atas panggung. Padahal di dalem hati ketawa2 mereka karena bakal dapet duit segitu gede dengan sangat gampang. 
kalo menurut gw stand up yang bagus itu ga cuman lucu sih. Bedanya nonton stand up Pandji sama comic2 Indo lain itu selain lucu kita bisa melihat pengetahuan Pandji yang luas soal kaum difabel, LGBT, legalisasi ganja, dll. Oke gw akuin soleh solihun lucu, tapi menurut gw materinya ga terlalu berbobot. Yang mirip2 Pandji buat gw paling Sammy, tapi lucuan Pandji. 

 Sedangkan mayoritas comic yang dianggep lucu di Indo yang macem Dodit Mulyanto, yang menurut gw ga jelas lucunya di mana, materinya juga ga berisi sama sekali. Di Indo komik dianggap sama dengan lawakan, jadinya yang terkenal yang mirip2 Komeng, Sule, padahal ngelawak sama stand up itu beda.
gw atheist, tapi kadang gw ngerasa sih r/indonesia isinya bocah2 cindo kristen sok pinter yang kurang gaul (hobinya paling main PC game) ga pernah berbaur sama pribumi2 Islam, jadinya ya kelakuanya circlejerk/coli berjamaah terus. 
Kaget gw pas balik ke Bandung lagi setelah setahun kuliah di luar negeri. Sekarang Bandung macetnya udah ga jauh beda sama Jakarta. Untung rumah gw di atas bukit jauh dari kemacetan
ginilah kalo orang nafsunya diteken, imajinasinya jadi liar ke mana2 ngebayangin yang engga2. tipikal Indon
Yaelah cemen. 
serius Pandji sepi job? Bukanya tur stand up dia jalan terus? Tiketnya setau gw juga selalu ludes. Gitu2 kualitas stand up Pandji ga diragukan sih, makanya biar gw dukung Ahok semua video tour stand up Pandji gw beli. Gw ngefans sama karya dia bukan sama orangnya. 
Jangan samain Pandji sama Amy Schumer lah. Gitu2 Pandji menurut gw tetep komika terbaik di Indo sih. Liat aja show dia di youtube dan bandingin sama stand up peserta SUCI, jauh banget kualitasnya. Sampe sekarang belum nemu sih komika Indo yang sebagus Pandji. 
Based just on my observation and experience talking and hanging out with European people with a Middle Eastern origin, is that they are really proud of their ancestry. If you ask Asian American where do they came from, they will be offended and say they are American because they were born and raised in the USA, and most of the time they will avoid any conversation about their heritage. However, lots of my friends who have middle eastern origins are really proud and talkative about their parents or grandparents home country, although they were born and raised in UK, Germany, or the Netherlands. Most of the time if you ask them where do they came from they will say their parents/grandparents home country, not the country they were born of. 

Yes, they don't really assimilate into the culture and society of the country they are living at, but somehow I feel like it's more admirable than some of my Asian friends who act "white" and want to hide their ancestry. It screams weakness and inferiority complex to me. Those desert people are fuckin tough and proud people, I have to admit. They also really nice and friendly.

> Which I still don't get why staying here when you do not feel comfortable

Easy to say that when you are natives. Do you think those people can just go back to their home? They have job and families in Europe, they speak European languages too. For example, lots of my Dutch Turkish friends won't get any job if they go back to their parents home because they can't speak Turkish.

Baguslah doi ngerap bahasa inggris dan pindah ke US. Jadinya alay2 yang biasa maki2 yanglek di socmed sama youtube pada ga ngeh sama doi. Mau coba dengerin juga ga ngerti liriknya. Untuk tipikal orang Indo eksis di youtube, komen2 dia di youtube termasuk bersih dari orang2 Indo norak kampungan lol.
With Barca currently like this, I just hope other European powerhouses step the game to challenge RM in the UCL. I will be really happy if PSG becomes really really good and beating Real in the UCL, and Neymar got his first Ballon D Or there. Please Bayern, Juve, City, PSG, don't let RM get their third consecutive CL. God, I don't even mind Man United (Fuck them, Fuck their fans) get UCL if they can beat RM. 
with this current rate they wont be even anymore. Next year if RM win another CL he will get another ballon d or. At the end CR7 will have two or three more ballon d or than messi because RM squad is so  good. I dont know how this will affect Messi's legacy. Honestly Ive lived throught worse eras of barca with LVG, this time it just leave bad taste in mouth because of CR7 and his fucking ballon d ors. 

Just like with Argentina, the story of Messi seems will leave sad ending at the end without proper recognition. Meanwhile CR7 will be remembered as the greatest athlete ever with his trophies and records.

I really hope Neymar can bring multiple CL with PSG just to prevent CR7 get another ballon d or
lets hope he really fucking kill it, even win UCL. Because if not CR7 will win two or three more ballon d'or 
You underrate Pedro though, even he play fantastic in Chelsea. 
really, worse than Douglas and Keirrison?

At least he perform well in Brazil. 
at least when we are losing embarassingly like this why not try to break RM players legs like they did when they lost 5-0 against us
Hey, fuck you
Modric+Kroos combination is just too good. They are like how Xavi+Iniesta used to be. Strong midfield always controls the game. 
Rajin solat, rajin ngaji, tahajud, tadarus.

Bokep & ngocok jalan terus. 

Nama2 artis JAV hapal.
kadang mau buang makananya tapi bingung ke mana karena ga disediain tempat khusus buang terbuka kaya di LN.  Pas nanya ke mbanya eh dia bilang ga usah mas taroh aja. Jadi bingung kan
go back to r/soccer and madrid subreddit you fucking cunt. Barca fans dont need you fucker here
oh fuck off. Your post history is constantly about UEFALONA diving and Barca paying referee comments about Barca. Make sense? F*CK YOU. Why don't you do your usual comment in r/soccer, not fucking here you cunt.
Nope, but he constantly shitting on Barca in r/soccer for UEFALONA type bullshits, he does not belong here
One of his post history is like this :

"Only reason they didn't reach the quarters is because Uefalona is alive and well. They earned it, and it was stolen because you all couldn't help paying off referees."

This is just one of his many posts about Barca.

So he is not just a madrid fan, but salty barca hater. What the fuck is he doing here, he doesnt feel satisfied shitting on Barca in r/soccer and prefer doing it in our sub? 

Oh I know you will call me petty loser or anything because I stalk his comment history, you know what, I dont fucking care fuckers. 

hey dont upvote this fucker, see his post history. he is not a barca fan.
Hey LaundryMann, your post history is all about hating on Barca, why the fuck are you here you fuckers. Say anything you want in r/soccer but dont do it here you fucking troll. Fuck you
efek selfie pake hape2 cina macem oppo, vivo, huawei, dll, yang otomatis beauty mode. Mau muka jerawatan juga langsung jadi mulus
His post about someone who scores tap-ins and penalties is stupid, but I get his sentiment.

Remember, CR7 is almost guaranteed to get another ballon d or this year, and looking at the current Madrid and Barca teams, he will probably get another 2 or 3 more. Three or even four consecutive UCL is possible for them right now.  With Barca being shit like this, RM won't get any challenge besides Bayern in UCL, and RM always shits on Bayern every time. As long as CR7 still in RM, he will be their main goal scorer and ballon d'or won't come to another player in RM besides him.

So at the current track, CR7 will probably have two or three more Ballon d'Or than Messi, the guy who is supposed to be the greatest player of all time. I don't know how you guys feel about that, but it makes me sad. Hahaha, Messi the GOAT, what a joke, he even has less ballon d'Or than CR, so who is supposedly the GOAT, Messi or CR? Okay, some of those who watch both of them play can say Messi is still better, but a few years from now, people will only see the record and it's clear that CR7 has more trophies and personal accolades. 

I have become Barca fan years before Messi (Kluivert era), but to be honest, now I prefer to see Messi in glory, even if he has to leave this Barca team. 

The only thing that can make all this mess has a happy ending is if, by some miracle, Messi can bring world cup home, and it will cement his legacy as the GOAT no matter how many Ballon d'Or Ronaldo win,  but I will say it's very very unlikely. 

The board is not only wasted the greatest footballer of all time in his prime years, they will ruin his legacy forever and it makes me sad. He will not be remembered as the greatest ever because of this, Ronaldo will.
 
She's an entry level but I haven't found any who is better lol. I mean look at her cute face, those massive boobies, and charming personality. She's also like one of the few JAV idols that seems like enjoying the sex in the scene. 
lol they never sucking Barca/s dick. Are you new American Barca fan? They never like us even since 2008/2009 season, its always UEFALONA and diving
what the fuck are you madrid fan lurking in here you fucking troll? Fuck off. We already know we are hated in r/soccer we dont need you fuckers here, asshole
how about the new ghostbusters. I read that it got tons of 1 ratings even before it got released.
nope,  PSG never called having "holier than thou" attitude while actually are hypocritical evil like our "mes que un club" moto. Divers, Referee, "BARCA DNA". How has PSG had it worse? PSG just hated because of Qatar money, we got hated literally for how they claim our club and its fans has the worst personalities in the football world.
not really. Can you see the difference when they mock other clubs? When they mock other clubs it is just banter, but somehow when it is about barca they convinced that we somehow are the worst, our player are the worst, our fans are the worst. They never make that claims when mocking other big clubs
Impossible. We already buy Paulinho.
Titi Kamal for me. Back when AADC first came out I was still in 6th grade, puberty came in and she was my first celebrity crush, or maybe even first person crush. I remember I confused why everyone was so crazy for Dian Sastro while I thought Titi Kamal was much more beautiful and has more sex appeal. Afterward, I kinda forget about her and never have any celebrity crush again because I never care about the whole celeb things, even now I don't give a fuck about Raisa, Isyana, Chelsea Islan, JKT or any other pretty celebs. But watching AADC 2 reminds me that even after all these years, I still find Titi Kamal much more attractive than Dian Sastro lol. 





majalah tempo still my favorite
Well fuck you scum
they wont acknowledge it because chelsea fans are the fucking worst. fuck them.
mental babu ya kaya gini lol
do you mean diminished by angry butt hurt Chelsea and Man United fans ?
lol fuck you
see facebook, youtube, Instagram. 

It's a very popular opinion among casual non-warriors fans, especially young people. 

Even before this Kyrie trade drama I always think Kyrie is really overrated. 
It seems like you imply the only motivation for people to like "good movies" is just to feel smart. You don't realize that people simply have different taste. Those "good pretentious oscar bait" movies are boring to some people, but I enjoy watching it. 

I think you are just projecting yourself here. Because you watch Kubrick movies to feel smart when you were in high school you feel like those who like Moonlight and Manchester by the sea are pretentious people who want to tell everyone that they are smart, just like you when you were in high school.

I like "good movies" and Oscar movies simply because I enjoy them. I don't need to watch "good movies" to feel smart. 
Kalo di Bandung gw ayo
Go to KLIA before Lebaran. It is like special airport for TKI. You will hear Javanese everywhere and seeing people cutting queues, ahh...mengingatkan pada kampung halaman
bangga aja kali text book kelas internasional rilisan Wiley authornya orang Indo. 

Hebat sih menurut gw, soalnya kayaknya hampir semua texbook yang gw pake authornya native english speaker, kalo ga american, british.
lol you wrote that like Guardian 2 is a masterpiece lol. Its just a superhero movie.

Calpis, ato kalo di Indonesia Calpico Frezz kalo ga salah sekarang. Yang rasa original (warna putih). 

Kalo alcoholic drink, Hoegaarden buat bir, Gin n Tonic buat cocktail, Tequila buat liquor. Maybe I'm not classy, but I don't really like wine. Give me beer or whiskey anytime over wine. 


yeah people who said RED is expensive while comparing it to Canon 5d mark 3 and Sony A9 are fuckin idiots. Compare it to ARRI Alexa the equivalent camera used in the movie industry and Red cameras are cheaper. 
Gw ikut ESQ 11 taun lalu kali ya pas kelas satu SMA, dan inget pas acara nangis2an dan telpon orang tua minta maaf, gw ga bisa nangis dan pura2 nangis (LOL). 

Pas nelfon ortu awkward banget, minta maaf datar habis itu udahan ga sampe semenit, ortu juga bukan tipe yang ekspresif jadi tambah awkward, sedangkan sekeliling gw nangis bombay minta maaf memohon2 ke ortunya lama banget. Dulu gw sempet ngerasa apa gw orang jahat yang ga punya hati ya karena sama sekali ga ngerasa apa2, ga pengen nangis2. Sekarang gw udah sadar itu bullshit, dan gw yakin bukan gw satu2nya yang pura2 nangis. 

BTW, baru tau sekarang ESQ masih ada. Gw kira itu cuman booming sesaat dan habis itu ngilang. Pas jaman gw SMP/SMA soalnya itu ngetrend banget di Bandung dan semua sekolahan ngadain ESQ training. Yang lucu habis ESQ mesjid sekolahan jadi penuh beberapa hari, yang biasanya ga pernah ke mesjid jadi ke mesjid. Eh dua minggu kemudian mesjid kembali sepi lol.
hahahaha ngawur hubung2in laut luas sama produksi garam. Produksi garam itu ya mayoritas dari salt mining. Ya bayangin aja metode tradisional yang dipake di Indo, evaporasi air laut. Sedangkan tambang garam tinggal ngambil hasil natural evaporasi air laut selama jutaan tahun. Jutaan taun geological time diadu sama metode petani,  ya udah jelas kita kalah jauh lah.

Jadi masalah geologi bukan luas laut ato panjang garis pantai. 
Belanda produksi garemnya sepuluh kali lipat Indonesia dengan negara seluas upil gitu dan garis pantai pendek,  karena mereka punya Zechtein Salt formation yang masif, hasil evaporasi laut purba 250an juta tahun lalu. Saking melimpahnya salt formation di beberapa negara, itu salt banyak yang sengaja ga ditambang karena ga ekonomis (murah, ga sebanding sama ongkos mining nya), malah dipake buat underground gas storage karena karakteristik  salt rock di mana permeabilitynya sangat2 rendah. Di beberapa negara eropa kaya Belanda, Jerman, Prancis, salt formation lagi dikaji untuk underground nuclear waste disposal site sama buat underground CO2 storage.
hazard? griezmann?
maksud gw bukan akar permasalahanya, tapi motivasi orang bela Israel/Palestine. Kalo akar permasalahan jelas bukan agama, tapi emang chaos geopolitik yang bisa dibilang gara2 Inggris sama Prancis dulu seenak udel ngebagi2 daerah bekas Ottoman Empire. Dulu juga negara2 middle east nyerang Israel karena dianggap masih kelanjutan kolonial Inggris/Prancis bukan karena agamanya Yahudi. Sampe sekarang juga masalah geopolitik bukan agama, gw setuju. 

Nah tapi orang2 Indo bela Palestine gw yakin ga ngerti masalahnya apa, tapi orang Islam ditindas kaum Yahudi Zionis yang di Al-Qur'an sudah disebut2 kaum paling pandai di dunia dan musuh Islam. Wong di cerita2 Islam kan satu2nya kaum yang membunuh nabi itu Yahudi. Cerita2 itulah yang jadi justifikasi kalo emang kaum Yahudi itu musuh Islam. Di mimbar2 mesjid sering kok dibilang kaya gitu, selalu masalahnya agama Islam vs Yahudi bukan geopolitik. Sebaliknya gw juga yakin yang pro Israel banyak yang didasari sentimen asli Islam.
don't forget it used to be "Complete waste of makeup"


lol true. Indonesian wedding is more of a ceremony for the parents anyway. Most of the guests are the parent's friends/relatives.
sori bos, kalo orang bule yang bela paestine gw baru percaya itu masalah kemanusiaan. Kalo orang2 Indo sekitar gw, gw ga percaya sama sekali bukan soal agama, bullshit. 
So do you have a job you can do from your room or does your father still give you money? 
gw denger anak2 master monash dari LPDP reputasinya kurang bagus? pernah denger soal itu?
most beautiful state?

do you watch Minnesota Timberwolves games?

And is it that cold in Minnesota?
gimana metode tuker2an bokep anak SMP jaman sekarang? 
how old are you?
My brother graduated as an architect too. Why is it so many architect graduates do not work as an architect? Are the jobs souls crushing or is it difficult to get a job as an architect now? 
> ripped tech billionaire

lol like this kind of guy exist
Haha, you will be more surprised that other far more obscure SEA country, Indonesia, has 260 million people, only beaten by China, India, and the USA. 

Yet you never heard of us in the news, many of you in the US don't even know that we exist lol. At least Philippine has Pacquiao and Duterte.
Football/soccer still need tall players for defenders. If you think Filipino physique is perfect for soccer than you have to see other South East Asian countries, which are sucks. If soccer is popular in Philippine you will be as good or little bit better than Thailand, who is the football king in SEA. Yet they still get smacked hard whenever they face Middle East countries and Japan/Korea. 

Our physique is more suitable for badminton and light/medium weight boxing/MMA.
> demografis reddit memang cenderung muda, STEM, liberal and lefty

bingung sih ini bener apa kaga. Di r/indonesia aja banyak yang kadang2 ternyata dukung Trump dan segala masalah yang disalahin "SJW" sama feminist. Left sama liberalnya dari mana nih kalo kaya gini. 
so 99% of Warriors fans?
> draymond and lebron are friends off the court

I really doubt it
I think he said that afterwards because he realized his comment makes him looks dumb. But someone said here that Kyrie regularly liked conspiracy theory posts on IG before that flat earth comment. 

I honestly think he really believes that earth is flat. I have several work mates who believe it, one of them is an engineer and one of them is a geophysicist (who is very religious). Yes, you tell me how come a geophysicist whose work relies on the fact that earth is spherical can believe that earth is flat. Human stupidities have no boundaries. 
he believes that earth is flat. Fuck him
not here
lol few months delay with GOT spoilers everywhere on the internet? 

Sorry not reasonable option for me
Gw kuliah di salah satu negara Eropa dan punya banyak temen Eropa. Hangout bareng, minum bareng, tapi tetep aja ngerasa bukan bagian dari mereka. Sama2 liberal, sama2 atheist, ga bikin kita satu kultur. Tetep aja banyak gap. Keliatan orang Eropa jauh lebih nyambung dan lepas sesama Eropa daripada non Eropa. Gw juga tetep lebih nyaman dan nyambung sama komunitas Indo di sana. 

Itu yang bikin gw bener2 sadar kalo gimanapun enaknya tinggal di LN, gw tetep orang Indo dan lebih nyaman menjadi orang Indonesia, bergaul dengan sesama Indonesia, dan gw ngerasa orang macem gw ya lebih pantes tinggal di Indo. Ini pengalaman gw sebagai kaum mayoritas (pribumi) di Indo, kalo minoritas mungkin bakal beda apa yang dirasain sama gw.

lol since when Steph is a great friend of Lebron? They never hang out or work out together
Setuju. 

Cuman di Indo ada masalah tambahan yaitu stigma "kalo ga makan nasi , ga makan", yang ga cuma nyerang orang miskin tapi orang kaya juga. Orang Indo yang dari kecil ga dibiasain diet variatif (misal dikenalin dairy kaya keju, susu, sama roti buat sarapan) cenderung susah banget lepasin kebiasaan makan nasi sebakul tiga kali sehari, terutama buat cowok. 

Kalo gw makan bareng2 aja sering banget dikomen orang kantor (yang notabene bukan orang miskin, banyak atasan2 yang gajinya jauh di atas gw ) "lo diet apa? makanya dikit banget"... padahal ambil lauk sayur normal2 aja, cuma nasi aja yang dikit. Tapi di Indo, makan nasi dikit identik sama diet, ato bukan hal lumrah.

just like Fate of Furious, China will give their money to the shittest movies.
ga usah dishave tapi di trim aja biar ga kaya rambutnya slash.


Nasgor harga segitu paling empty calories doang, 95% carbo. Kalo banyak daging tapi harga murah malah curiga daging apaan, wong harga daging di Indo mahal.
because Lakers and their idiot fans
lol so this why Lakers fans are on Kyrie's side. You guys are bunch of flat earthers too lol. Yeah hope Kyrie go to lakers so you have two biggest idiots on nba, lavar ball and kyrie
hahahahaha you never meet real life flat earther dont you? If you ever talk with one you would doubt these kids are trolling. These fuckers, these idiots really believe earth is flat, I am pretty sure about that. 
HE IS NOT FUCKING TROLLING 

For god sake have you guys who said kyrie and these kids just trolling ever meet real life flat earther? If you ever meet and talk with one you would know that their stupidity have no boundaries and you want to kill yourself just by having a conversation with them. Flat earthers (Kyrie and co) are really really that stupid.
God, you still think these flat earthers are trolling? Do you ever meet real life person flat earthers? I have, my close friends are. I bet my neck they are not trolling at all, they really believe it. These flat earthers are really that stupid. They are fucking idiots. Fuck them. And fuck Kyrie Irving the idiot basketball player for spreading this conspiracy theory bullshit. Fuck him.
lol. I'm not german nor white so I dont have any opinion about the content, I just find the youtube comment section hilarious. Never see so many morons commenting on one video before. 
Well, it sucks because looks like it won't have any OIS, but Pixel managed to have the best camera on any smartphone so far even without OIS. So I still have high hopes for Essential's camera. 
Try to look for at the specs sheet and can't find any, does this phone have optical image stabilization?

welp. I thought he is the typical douchebag asshole in TV (as Elrich) and the cool nice dude in real life. So that's why his acting in Silicon Valley is really good, he plays himself?


As a geophysicist, the whole theory is being updated the whole time. For example there was this big debate among geophysicist community back then whether  there are two layers or one layer convection in the mantle, separated by seismic discontinuity at 660 km depth. Then seismic tomopgraphy imaging , obtained from inversion of thousands earthquake data  (the principle is similar to USG) proved its a one layer convection. But who knows if with more data and computational power we will get or lose another layer. However most earth scientists pretty much agree with basic principles like solid crust, kinda fluid mantle, and solid heavy core. It just fits very well with geology & geophysics (like plate tectonics) and astronomy ( you know, the whole gravity and mass thing, earth magnetic field, etc). 

If you really want to know how us geophysicist make this guesses, google and read about seismology. Its not really my field but it is damn interesting.
Messi got lots of championships, and football is a team sport anyway. 
lol Ronaldo worlds best player. I guess you're right because Messi is from another planet.
gw sering naik gojek ongkos cuman 8000, ga enak ati ngasih cuman segitu jadi gw kasih 15k sampe 20k. 

Supir ojek konvensional jakarta sama bandung beda sih, kalo di jakarta gw sering merasa dirampok minta 50k jarak deket. Di Bandung gw sering naik ojek pangkalan pas ditanya berapa "terserah aa aja"... yaelah. 
fuck Kobe
lol why you GSW and Lakers fans are so suddenly supportive of Kyrie. Its funny how you guys hate Lebron so much suddenly you guys became #1 Kyrie supporter lol
lol you guys with GSW and Lakers flairs are biased and stupid as fuck. This subs loves bron so much bla  bla bla bla yet almost all people with Lakers and GSW flairs which comprises a big part of subscribers of this subs hate Lebron so much. How is this subs love Bron so much when people like you and tons of Lakers and GSW fans will take any turn to shit on him? 

Compared to how Kobe and MJ treated on this sub, this sub does not love Lebron at all

lol pretty much all Lakers and GSW flairs hate Lebron. Its Kobe and MJ that you cant hate at all here
and people with GSW flairs always on Kyries side and shitting on Lebron lol. You guys are just as biased as we are. You dont care shit with Kyrie, you just hate Lebron and want to paint him as the bad guy
and hes became #1 among GSW fans because its againts Bron. Notice how all GSw flairs are on Kyrie's side
lol notice the OP and you have GSW flairs. 
I didnt know that,cool . But still, I think its really cool that Brunei is its own state as a continuation of a really old kingdom, while Kutai is now part of Indonesia.
lol Im quite sure he actually believes that. 
maksud gw Brunei tua dan sampe sekarang masih ada. Kutai sekarang ke mana?
I already knew that. Part of the reason I stay away a bit from football discussion with friends and on the internet so I can do that.

I critisized Barca boards and its players all the time. I dont know how it is with your circle of friends but in mine when talking about football its less about healthy discussion or friendly banter and more shitting on their rivals clubs and players. If you think I have anger management and should criticize Messi or Barca more you don't know how hateful some of my RM friends towards Barca and Messi. It's like you just chilling and my friend angrily mocking Barca and Messi, they celebrate like crazy when Messi missed that penalty shoot in the Copa America more than when RM win CL,  and no its not just friendly banter, it's full of borderline hate. If Barca loss they will celebrate like crazy and when Barca win its always because of the referee. Everytime we talk about football they will take any turn to say Barca are the scums, mess que un club, Messi tax etc etc. Its worse for me than for them because my other friends who are EPL fans like Man Utd and Chelsea always on RM side not Barca, due to Ronaldo and Mou history with them.  So its like Barca fans vs RM+Chelsea+Man United fans in my circle of friends, in the campus, in the office. What prevents me from getting angry for fans like that and want to punch them in their face? And whats wrong for me to step back a bit from football in unhealthy situations like that?

And no, I'm not saying it's just RM fans that do that, lots of Barca fans have unhealthy hate towards RM and Ronaldo too. Following NBA more and stepping back from football and not hearing RM+Chelsea+Man United fans talk shit about Barca makes me happier, and if thats make me next level bandwagon I dont care.

yes, its also just internet arguments, thats why I prefer NBA when not lots of my real life friends follow NBA. 
yeah but he believes Earth is flat. Maybe he is not petty, but sure he is not that bright.
yup. I love Barca so much (been a fan since 9 or 10 years old) that reading and hearing people (especially Real, Man United, and Chelsea) talk shit about Barca make me really really angry it's borderline unhealthy. I had fights with my Real and Chelsea fans years ago when Mou coached Real and I rather not do it again. I still watch every Barca games but I stay away from r/soccer and debate with my RM and Chelsea/Man United fans friends. Everytime I hear people talk about Messi's tax or Barca referee or anything shits about Barca I really want to punch them in their face. 

I dont care if you said I took bandwagoning to a new level, I really really enjoy NBA and it makes me more productive by not getting into anger following football discussions. Most of my friends here dont really know what their miss by not following NBA. I'm not American so not many people care with NBA here.
yeah enjoy while it lasts. We also had a blast years ago when you had a meltdown and we were the best club in the world winning sextuples and other shits, now its Madrid who is winning everything. 

For me the time RM dominate like this is the perfect time to enjoy NBA and forget about football. Speaking as a non American who is a football fan from kid and became NBA fan just 5 years ago, NBA (and its drama) is more interesting and entertaining anyway, and has far less annoying fans.  
whew, Brunei is old as fuck
lol you guys mad because Lebron dad dicked your shitty team all the time. Lebron haters are the most pathetic people on this planet lol.
Most of Warriors and Lakers fans said that. 
lol from my experience (my friends and internet) most of Warriors and Lakers fans said that. 
ask any Real fans and most of them will admit Neymar is better than Bale. Maybe only Hazard is close, if he is on fire they are neck to neck next ballon d'or contender after messi and ronaldo decline. 

And Neymar is far more iconic in football than Kyrie is in basketball. I think only Ronaldo has more social media followers. Neymar is very very popular especially among kids/teenage fans and very marketable. 
next time you will say any toddler won't develop speaking and reading abilities next to Lebron lol. You hate Lebron so much it's pathetic lol.
why the fuck this post got downvoted and Warriors fans talking conspiracy shit about Lebron "intended" to leave Kyrie on a mediocre team got upvoted? For god sake, you warriors fans and Lebron haters really love this drama and will take any chance to shit on Lebron. You fuckers suddenly on Kyrie side huh, because its against Lebron. Suddenly Kyrie 3 is more iconic play and he should have been praise more than lebron huh.

I cant wait for Warriors fans to jump into Earth is flat bandwagon because its Kyrie's and againts Lebron round earth lol.
lol GSW fans suddenly praise Kyrie and on his side because it's against Lebron, I remember you guys call him overrated. 
Its the same with Curry and KD in warriors. If Curry made all the incredible plays and clutch shots KD did against Cavs in the finals every media will go nuts and call him better than Jordan. 

Every club has its own darling, for Cavs its Lebron, for warriors it's Steph. They are the one who always gets the most praise because they deserve it. Kyrie will never get the same praise as Lebron just like Warriors fans never praise KD more than you guys praise Steph. 
As both Barca and Cavs fans, this hurts. But Neymar is far better than Kyrie in their respective sports. Arguably only Messi and Ronaldo are better than Neymar, while Kyrie is not even the top 5 PG. 
lol at GSW flairs here hoping on Kyries side. Anything bad about Lebron you guys are so fucking passionate, fuckers
jangankan logo, brand aja [dibajak] (https://www.vice.com/id_id/article/9k5kv5/kenapa-brand-global-asics-dan-ikea-bisa-kalah-di-ma-lawan-merek-kw). Dan pas brand yang dibajak nuntut yang bajak, yang menang pengadilan yang ngebajak. 


he is probably jacking off all the time to those girls wearing tank top at the plane he was talking about, thinking he will have pesta sex with those girls at heaven. 
I attended one of his speech. One thing I was sure of, he is full of bullshits. 
lol white guys are the biggest demographic of warriors bandwagons. 
but Warriors fans say you guys lost just because Steph got injured, so it means you can beat us easily without KD right? We are just following your logic here lmao, fucking bandwagons


> I made less than 2000 euros a month after taxes in France.

whew even you got paid more (around 2500 euros) to be a phd student in the Netherlands. 
lol you lakers fans are mad because Lebron is considered 2nd best player of  all time not Kobe. Thats why its always Lakers fans (and GSW fans off course) who try to downplay Lebron achievements. You guys are fucking petty and salty lol.

Just appreciate Lebron's greatness dude
back when warriors still likable
lol they bandwagon on GSW so they can beat Lebron. Lakers fans are the worst.
Kuroko fans always say this but if we are taking into account the influence of the manga at that time it's obvious that Slam Dunk is a much better manga. Not only because of its influence to middle/high schoolers at that time who started to play basketball because of Slam Dunk but lots of mangakas are heavily influenced by Inoue sensei drawing and storyline. In the 90s its almost impossible to find young Japanese male who didn't read Slam Dunk, just like what happened today in Japan with One Piece. Heck as a non Japanese Asian guy, its influence spread to lots of Asian countries where manga and anime are really popular. Me and my friends started to play basketball at the middle school because of Slam Dunk anime, not because of NBA. I doubt Kuroko has this popularity.

Kuroko is just a basketball manga, Slam Dunk is one of mangas that revolutionized manga/anime industry.
my point is someone who already watch home alone as a kid would have a bias towards it. 

If home alone is a new movie and you as an adult have to review it, you probably will have different opinion about it
because you have watched it when you were 10. Lets assume you are a reviewer (an adult, and lets assume you really like superhero and nolan movies) and you have to review home alone (lets assume home alone is a new movie in theaters now) you probably would give it bad review too.


lol who the fuck says Lavar is evil? You Lakers fans are become too sensitive about this its funny. Its just we think Lavar is a douchebag and shitty person, not an evil. Relax, dude.
the fact that you guys with sixers and lakers flair arguing about this is already a proof that you guys are taking sides.
I used to think like that but working in KL for a year changed my mind. Nasi Lemak is far superior to Nasi Uduk, and combined with Teh Tarik Panas, they are like the best breakfast combo ever. And  Singaporean Kaya Bread plus Kopi O are like the best sweet breakfast combo ever. 



"we still have surface phone. It will rule the market just like Surface Pro" lol

lol....microsoft fanboys are pathetic and delusional.
Lebron is like CR7 with Messi's playmaking and passing abilities. Think about that. 

And I'm not talking out of my ass, as you can see from my username I have been soccer (Barca) fan before I became basketball/NBA fan.
As an Indonesian, its one of dark pages in your history
lol you guys iphone users who always support and defend Apple decisions wont understand. See the comments, people here always criticize google. You will notice that there are much more apple love than android/google love if you are loyal reader of this sub like me
Have a geophysicist friend working in Pertamina graduated from ITB who believes in fleat earth. Geophysicist dude, ITB pula, percaya bumi datar. Malu maluin almamater aja
Haha, hipsters! Amsterdam citizens have been living below sea level for hundreds of years!

To be honest, there is an engineering solution for this problem, although it will be very expensive, and will be very unpopular politically. 
And Messi is the god of gods

kontol nih media australi. Indonesia ga ngasih bantuan? Woi mereka ni pengen ke australi, ketahan di sini gara2 negara lo yang ga mau nerima mereka. Lah emang negara kaya Indo secara ekonomi ga bisa lah nampung refugee sebanyak itu. Lo liat kondisi di kampung2 Indo ga jauh beda malah lebih ngenes.

Kalo lo mau bantu , ya bantu nerima refugee di negara lo yang negara maju,  bangsat. Bukanya malah bilang Indonesia ga mau bantu. Masih mending kita ngasih tempat . Maki2 hukuman mati sendirinya tutup mata soal refugee, munafik. Negara kontol sok suci, bangsat 

FUCK AUSSIE
why so many downvotes? ahh warriors fans
lol Jokowi will have a friendly meeting with every leader in the world. I bet he will be friendly with Kim Jong Un too.
The latest Fast and Furious. To be honest I never see worse movie in theater. It ws an abomination.
> nunggu videonya di semprot aja atau asian sex diary atau di torrent.

google : cik minah mengenjoi

enjoy 
lol its impossible that chinese iOS wannabe UI can be better than Moto stock android experience. 
You got it wrong. Every company besides Apple has more success doing many different phones than just an one or two lineups. Thats why Samsung, OPPO, VIVO, Huawei, anr Xiaomi are the world leader in phone sales besides Apple. Motorola already did few lineups strategy and it failed, Oneplus did that and compared to it parent company, OPPO, their sale numbers are much lower.

Yes us tech followers prefer that strategy, but its proven only Apple can rake profit and sales by only having two phone lineups every year.
belum.nikah, ga yakin gw masih perawan dia haha
oh fuck off. You thedonald guys can do your circlejerk there, just dont bring your subreddit toxic culture here. Fuck off we dont need thedonald people in our subreddit
Ipin Upin
My question, if you really really care about updates, why buy anything other than iphone and pixel? seriously, you guys talk shit about oneplus as like the other companies like Samsung, LG, and HTC are much better.

Its a problem with Androis yes, but its not only Oneplus. And we have Custon ROMs. 
truth. Yang percaya bumi bulat banyak yang ga bisa menjelaskan dan membantah flat earth secara scientific. gw nanya flat earther kalo bumi datar gimana menjelaskan asal usul medan magnet, inclination and declination dari medan magnet, proses terjadinya plate tectonics, convective mantle, penjalaran gelombang seismik, penentuan lokasi berdasarkan GPS di mana semua itu menggunakan perhitungan dan koreksi spherical earth. Ga ada yang bisa jawab. plate tectonics dan convective mantle (dan semua teori geologi) ga sejalan sama teori bumi datar dikelilingi antartika. Belajar geologi,geogisika, geodesi, semua yang kita pelajari itu ya dengan perhitungan bumi bulat, dan semuanya masuk. Kalo bikin teori baru flat earth semua ilmu itu berarti salah, yang ga masuk.akal, mengingat ilmu2 di earth sciences udah terbukti dengan banyak aplikasi di eksplorasi tambang, oil and gas, perpetaan dan navigasi (GPS) dll. 

Kalo ngomongin ujung bumi jatoh, air tumpah, itu mah ga ada hubungan scientific sama bumi bulat, dan gampang dibantah pake alesan absurd oleh flat earthers. tapi kalo mau gw debat pake kalkuasi ilmiah geophysics mana ngerti mereka. intinya buang2 waktu debat sama flat earthers.
Well I often cry watching movies and hearing music too, but I still have problems expressing my emotions to my girlfriend and other people. Those two are completely different things in my opinion.
lol its the other way around. Lebron fans almost never compare Lebron with Kobe, but to MJ. Its Kobe fans that are insecure because Kobe is treated as just MJ imposter and not in the GOAT conversation with MJ, Kareem, Wilt, Bill Russel, and Lebron, and always try to putting down Lebron legacy, even when he is being compared to MJ not Kobe. See so many instagram/facebook posts comparing Lebron final loss counts to Kobe after the finals from Kobetards. Thats why there are so many Warriors bandwaggons from Lakers fans, they only want Lebron to lose so he does not win more rings than Kobe. And you are telling me that cavs fans are the insecure ones? Lol
lol there will always be warriors fan coming out to defend Curry in any post that not calling him the best. You guys are insecure as fuck lol.
Maybe because I used to wear backpacks from outdoor brands like osprey, deuter, the north face, but Jansport bag feel super uncomfortable, especially for long distance walking/travelling. The padding is uncomfortable, even hurts, no ventilation means wet back for cycling or walking in hot humid place, and no compartments makes it super difficult to organize stuffs for travelling. In my opinion jansport is only good for school or college, for work/travel there are much better backpacks out there. 


Its also the fault of our ministers/regulators. We have a regulation that demands 4g phone has to consists of minimum 30% of local electronic components. Either they do that or pay additional tax. Well Apple and Samsung cant just move their components manufacturers to Indonesia so they pay the damn tax and increased the price. People will still buy them anyway, well  they are Apple and Samsung. Companies like Oneplus dont have such luxury of brand recognizion to safely sells at higher price so they prefer to walk out, hence no OP in Indonesia.

Sometimes our ministers makes business hard in the name of protecting lower class (or to gain mass popularity?) while in the end its us consumers who got the short end of the stick.

Yes our minimum wage is still too low but if not for that damn regulations we can have little bit cheaper smartphones.
South East Asian, not Asian. When people think of hot Asians they usually think of Korean or Japanese men, not Malaysian or Indonesian men.
we had  a whole month school holidays during ramadhan too. The best president we had
South East Asian man here. We got all the disadvantages of being Asian, without "cute" aspect women like associated with east asian men. We are kinda like Indian men, with the difference that people know Indian men exist.
padahal dulu pas gw ngantor di jakarta hampir tiap pagi ke sevel buat beli kopi. bye bye sevel :(
My suggestion :

Dont only look at specs when looking for a laptop. How do you feel when you are using it is also important. Which includes: How are the trackpads, how are the keyboard, are they comfortable and precise? How are the build quality? How is the weight? Weight is important if you are mobile person who carries laptop everywhere.

These are the things that always get ignored by lots of people, especially those who think Macs are overpriced junk. 


and how people used deal that you can get only in US as a proof how samsung galaxy s8 is as cheap as OP5 lol
sigh not this again. It does not work for non American. Take Europe for example, OP5 is much much cheaper than S8 by a large margin
nope, the new OP have to be similar close to stock android OS. That is the strength of OP in my opinion.
fucking teens sigh
menurut gw yang anti feminist malah lebih idiot. see Trump and Rizieq
I downvoted you. 


sorry dude, edited.
The ironic thing is, these women usually are not the one you used to call "feminist". These are the average women who think men and women have different "kodrat", thats why they believe that men should always "ngalah" to women. 

I know some of you on reddit (especially you right wingers who love to stroll on the Donald) love to bash "feminazis" or "SJW", but I have some feminist friends and non feminist friends (women). Those who think men should always ngalah to women are usually the average women, or the non feminist one. 

Minta "emansipasi" ga bikin dia feminist sih, jadi feminist itu butuh ilmu, banyak baca buku mengenai gender studies, ato dari sumber2 lain di internet. Mayoritas cewe di Indonesia menurut gw non feminist, yang cuma tau "Kartini", "emansipasi wanita", "cewe cowo beda kodrat", itu sih bukan feminist. Jarang banget ketemu cewe (ataupun cowo) yang beneran feminist, yang tau ilmu nya beneran dan beneran baca buku dan tulisan gender studies.
same with African. When they feel they have more experience they will srart to order you around 
dude, Lionel Messi. 
but what is your example of safe movies and controversial movies? Among my circle of friends and lots of people I know, safe movies are big blockbuster movies like superhero movies and Furious series, controversial movies are like Moonlight and Arrival when more than half of my friend though there were boring. But in RT movies like Moonlight and Arrival often have better ratings than safe superhero movies.


if Teknik is cowo2 bau, imagine what geological geophysical, and geodetical enginnering student are, kaya cowo teknik tapi 10 kali lipat lebih jarang mandi dan jarang cukur rambut. And in USA and Europe, geologist/geophysicists are famous as the scientists who drink the most beer. Go to the field at day, drink beer at night. Even geo scientifict conventions like EAGE and AUG serves beer.
boomlol123 wont reply back to this post lol. That retard blinded by the hate towards Cavs and Lebron he cant make fair and logical judgement. 
but but but according to warriors fans they lost because Curry got injured and Draymond got suspended. So yes by their logic I could say they were the best team ever that got unlucky in the finals.
there is also a big difference with the teams they went to. KD joined a team that beat them in the playoffs and one of the greatest team ever which have last two seasons MVP. Lebron did not. Big difference.
I read that its because Ariel showed his video to someone who stole his laptop, without knowledge of CT and LM. So yes, the video was made with consent, with the promise that he will not show his video to anyone, just for private collection. So Ariel is the one to blame. 
I really hate how we are taught to be proud that "Indonesia itu negara kaya sumber daya alam"

Apa gunanya bangga sama kekayaan sumber daya alam coba. Bangga itu kalo bisa nyari dan ngelola sendiri. Wong kebanyakan lapangan minyak sama tambang di Indo yang nemu orang asing juga. Terus pas mereka nemu dan eksploitasi kitanya marah2.

Lagian selain potensi geothermal sama emas di freeport, kita ga kaya2 amat juga kalo dibanding Amrik, Australia, Cina.


Allah mana bisa kasih duit

Bibib >>>>>> Allah
I don't know about reddit, but from social media like instagram and facebook, it's like nobody remembers Shaq when someone mentions Kobe's 5 rings. Reading Instagram meme accounts it's full of memes about mentioning Lebron is better than Kobe is an abomination, which is odd. It's like Kobe is treated like God even more than MJ in social media. I mean I like Kobe, but I don't understand why the cult around the guy is so huge if we compare it to other legends like Tim Duncan, Shaq, or Lebron. Is it because there are so many Lakers fans in social media or is it because the casual basketball fans prefer skillful offensive based player like MJ and Kobe over more fundamental and physical players like Duncan, Shaq, and Lebron. Even sometimes I think Kyrie is more popular in social media than Curry, Westbrook, and Harden because he has nice handles, although he clearly is a worse player than those three. 
it should be "LEPIS"

terima Vermak Lepis
The worst thing is when you are not that young and you have supported one club for long since you were a child, which was not that popular back then compared to serie a clubs. Now when you tell someone your favorite club everyone will just think you are a bandwagoner because now the club is so popular and full of new fans. 

Sigh, my life as a late 20s barcelona fan. 
Internationally = Chinese. 

Chinese and other asians love fast and furious, no matter how crap it is.
yeah I know both are bad guys. But who is now the president? That shitty mustache asshole Erdogan. Two bad guys, one bad guy is fleeing his ass to the US and one bad guy is a president calling Netherlands and Germany Nazi, telling his bodyguards to beat American citizens on the US soil. I don't care how bad Gulen is, but with the current situation, it is obvious the asshole western world have to take down is Erdogan. 
what's happened with Salero Minang in den haag? I tried to google it but didnt find any news
yeah but Newton is gay, so its another pair of apples Pevita does not have
awww someone who is working out feel insecure.
I cannot see the correlation at all, seriously. Who hate feminist and liberals in US? Conservatives and religious people. Who are denying climate change and believing conspiracy theories? Conservatives and religious people. And now the feminist and SJWs are the crazy one? If you see the actual discussion between liberals (not the gender studies students, the real liberals scholars and politicians) and conservatives in US media, it's always the conservatives who scream and spouting rhetorics without facts and research (cough cough cough Steven Crowder cough cough, seriously fuck this crazy idiot moron, fuck him) , not the liberals. And now liberals are the crazy one?

Who hate feminist and liberals in Indonesia? Also conservative and religious people. Who hate religious fanatics in Indonesia? Liberals and f*cking feminist which actually deals with tons of sexual assault victims.

You are mistaken if you think SJW in USA is like religious fanatics in Indonesia, its the other way around. If those Trump supporters were born and raised in Indonesia, they would hate Ahok and be screaming intolerance propaganda.



Turkish logic : Erdogan = Good


Enjoy dictatorship 
how old are you? I bet you are not even in college yet
lol I know you lurk there, that's why you have such classic opinion of The Donald community. 

Saran gw ga usah bawa2 kebiasaan toxic di the donald ke r/indonesia deh. Gw liberal atheist, dan walaupun gw benci Islam radikal, gw sama bencinya sama orang2 di The donald yang ga ada diskusi apapun selain ngata2in pihak lawan. "shills" lol. fucking toxic community
apaan, ga jauh beda t_d isinya juga orang IQ 2 digit. Lah isinya cuman thread playing victim tentang dibanned sama "shills" moderator lah, hate circle jerk towards liberals, "feminazis", "SJW". Ga ada diskusi apapun yang meaningful, sama sekali nutup kuping sama apapun omongan2 tolol si trump tentang climate change etc. 

Itu subreddit cuman echo-chamber buat ngata2in "shills" "libtards" "SJW", sama aja tempat sampah. 
yee r/indonesia merge sama the donald!!?
Nazi sih engga, tapi yang bagian akhir piece of shits...well emang mereka piece of shits kok. Lah main aja ke the donald kalo pengen tau sampah2 macem mereka gimana pola pikir dan pandanganya. Masih jauh lebih waras "SJW" sama "feminazi" lah daripada koplak2 the donald dan pujaan2 mereka
muh muh SJW!!! Feminazii!!! Vegan!!! Libtard!!!

go back to fuckin the donald
lol its easy to be the king when no one outside your country even care with it. 

The "world champion" lol
eww madrid , warriors bandwagon fan and bernie sanders supporter
"muh muh fucking vegan SJW!! they said meat eaters are baaaddd!!"

Oh god stop being so fucking insecure with your eating habits.
and non american like me. Almost no one care about nfl outside US, while NBA have big fanbase around the world
I love how Canadian and Australian protested in the comment section on the video that their country is not even mentioned lol, we got mentioned twice! Srivijaya and Majapahit!
coba lanjut di tempat yang bisa minggir parkir mas2, terus lanjut berantemnya. 
"pretentious", favorite word of an edgy teenage male who just started to watch movies other than shitty superhero movies and fast and furious movies. Their favorite movies: Inception, Shawshank Redemption, The Dark Knight.
lebay or not, it still funny seeing that shock face of that fucking church burner scum
I bought full grain leather hiking boots with leather lining from Aku, italian outdoor footwear brand. Its made in Italy, really well made, and far cheaper than the equivalent model from other more well known brand like Merrel, Lowa, Asolo, etc which are made in China. This less than 150 euros boots are actually made in Italy!

My advice: dont buy gore tex boots or shoes. In my opinion they are worthless for shoes
he has been reincarnated into the body of a Balinese kid and discovered this new music genre called "jazz" and find it more interesting than the classical music. His name is Joey Alexander.
lol. anjing banget nih tua bangka. Lebih benci sama si kampret ini 100 kali lipat daripada si rizieq. 
they are all fine. It's just the combination of two common traits of (some) young Indonesians women: overshare everything through social media and lusting over white guys. 

Gw cowok, tapi santai2 aja sih paling gw rolling eyes aja kalo mereka udah ngomongin "ih mas itu ganteng2" cekikikan dll. Gw ga ngerti sih, tapi menurut gw banyak yang dibilang ganteng2 sama temen gw pada biasa2 aja, menang tinggi sama kulit putih doang. Ya kalo dibanding gw jelas gantengan mereka sih, tapi gw kaya merasa buat temen2 gw asal bule dan masih muda, tinggi, pasti dibilang ganteng. 

Pernah temen cewek duduk di kereta di belanda bareng gw dan ada mas2 belanda duduk di seberang kita, seperti biasa celetukan "ih yang depan ganteng banget" keluar dan seperti biasa I rolled my eyes hard. Terus temen gw ngeluarin hape dan videoin si mas2 itu dan dishare di instagram stories. Jelas secara diem2 si mas2 nya ga tau.  Damn its fuckin Creepy. Kalo yang ngelakuin cowo ke cewe udah dikata2in mesum pervert lah itu.
sebagai pelajar yang lagi kuliah di eropa, paling males kalo jalan bareng sesama cewek Indonesia. Ga ada abis2nya ngomongin kegantengan laki2 bule. Makanya gw nganggep bahwa cewe ga peduli fisik itu bullshit banget.
I dont like the guy, but khutbahs from Zainudin MZ are hilarious. 
Only my brothers and my gf know that I am an atheist. Basically only my closest people, except my parents. I don't think telling them has any advantage besides making them sad as fuck. I don't mind pretending to be a Muslim in front of them, ngaji, sholat, etc
aceh is missisipi
dual camera, one front one back. 

lol
What I find funny is, many of you think of yourself as "liberal" but support western conservatism like Trump and the donald just because you hate Islam like they do. Lol what a fuckin joke. 

sama anak sendiri karena kita sayang kita berusaha benerin kalo mereka salah. Anak orang lain bodo amat.

Mungkin emang yang bilang buat apa pulang emang udah ga peduli sama sekali dan ga ada rasa sayang sama mayoritas orang Indo. Dan gw ga bisa salahin mereka, itu hak dan kewajiban mereka. Toh selama mereka hidup di Indo mereka taat aturan, bayar pajak. 
There are lots of Indonesian students in wageningen. In fact, it is the university with the highest amount of Indonesian students in NL, maybe even Europe.
Prabowo= Tywin?

Well, it means the gay son of Prabowo is Tyrion, the real hero Indonesia need. 
setidaknya mereka turun ke jalan buat selamatin satu orang, jangan samain sama sampah2 yang turun ke jalan buat menjarain satu orang.
sometimes in politics, you have to choose the lesser between two evils. Don't make the same mistake as Bernie Sanders supporters who let Trump became US president, talk smugly like a fucking idiot to Hillary supporters afterward, and then regret it later after really see what Trump did. Seriously I hate those Bernie supporters who didn't vote even more than Trump supporters.
yep, worked for a year in KL, the best year of my professional career ever. Made so many friends, Malay, Chinese, Indian, love my coworkers (while I hate most of my coworkers in Indonesia). Great work atmosphere, lots of big and interesting projects,  almost everyone is competent. Great city, great food, great public transport. 

If you want to get out of Jakarta the best place to move is Kuala Lumpur, IMHO you wont regret it 
ya gimana elu dah nies!
liat komen2 orang yang nonton rosi kemaren aja banyak yang bilang gaya rosi menyudutkan, kompas tv bikin isu makar dll. Mungkin sengaja pake gaya nyolot biar seakan2 kompas tv sama sekali ga setuju dengan isu makar dan memberikan posisi kompas tv yang ga netral. Kalo netral malah dituduh condong sebelah, biasa orang indo idiot
pretenteous=talking in a way that does not hurt conservatives & Trump supporters feeling ?
Raisa/Isyana
young, pretty, modest, and quite talented. 

Ya tipe2 emma watson lah kalo di luar
As an Indonesian, believe me when I said this: most of our politicians are fucking sucks, corrupt racist close-minded politicians, but our president, Jokowi, is not. Him and this Christian governor Ahok, who used to be Jokowi's vice governor are considered the only good politicians we have. And the conservatives and religious fanatics really hate him. Most of Islamic parties support his opposition, the ex-military dictator wannabe freak Prabowo, which reminds me of Erdogan and Duterte. There was some good evidence that this whole "religious rally" has another hidden agenda besides anti-christian and anti-chinese movement, which is a coup backed by Prabowo and his friends, including FPI, Islamic Defender Front. 

Our president is also a really cool laid back guy who loves heavy metal and watch Lamb of God and Metallica concert in the front row. 

as a geologist, damn it hits hard. That dude must be depressed due to crashing oil price to ask IT engineer for a job lol
itunya pasti gede
hahaha, I'm the kind of friend who always suggests uninteresting things to most of my friends

me : eh nonton arrival/moonlight/get out yuk di bioskop. Review2nya bagus loh

everyone :'sepi......'

B : film apaan tuh , kok kaya "drama" ya

everyone : 'sepi....'

two days later

C : eh fate of furious udah keluar tuh, nonton yuk

everyone : YUKKKK!!!!

Sigh, this is one of the cons of being in an LDR. 

Now I just watch movies alone
tergantung ceweknya sih. Kalo emang dasarnya cakep ya mau bangun tidur mau pake makeup, mau pas boker juga cakep. 

Coba cek2 IG makeup artists deh, kaget sih liat ternyata makeup bisa ngerombak abis dari yang tadinya jelek bisa jadi cakep beneran
the concept of people of Indonesians didn't exist back then. It was several Hindu and Buddhist kingdoms similar (and derived from) to Indian kingdoms. 
lol because there was no Indonesia back then. It was island archipelago consists of several Hindu and Buddhist Kingdoms, that's why European call the people Indians just like Indians from India . Similar skin tone, religion. The people used same Sanskrit language too. Hence why it was called the Dutch East Indies when the Dutch colonized the islands.
simple, UNIX >>>>>>>> windows

no matter how overpriced Apple products are, I still hate Microsoft more than Apple

do you think Papa Wowo will allow anyone besides him to be the president? Not the slightest chance. 

Paling banter juga jadi cawapres si HT
tapi tapi tapi...duit pajak gw buat bayar orang2 seperti itu...enak banget mereka, rugi di gw dong /s



Setuju banget. Oke gw ngefans berat sama film Moonlight & Arrival, temen2 gw banyak yang bilang jelek dan bosenin, gw santai aja. Toh film favorit mereka fate of furious gw kata2in abis2an, gw jelek2in mampus gw bilang tuh film sampah.

Cuman masalah gitu doang sampe share account facbook di twitter sih kebangetan. Ga ngerhargain privasi banget 
Maybe because people tend to be nicer and more friendly to foreigners. I work in Malaysia for a year, and I never had so many friends from so many different backgrounds ( malay, indian, chinese) before. When I was there, I thought Malaysians are so much nicer than Indonesians. I hate most of my coworkers in Indonesia, but I love my coworkers in Malaysia. 

But if I really look and observe closely, those groups of people tend not to mingle with each other (Malay and Chinese, except for Indians who were friendly to everyone), but they all are friends with me who were the foreigner. So I think foreigners always think local people are nice because well, they have different attitude among themselves and with foreigners.

yeah but the name of the laptop is the goddamn "chrome" book.

People who buy Chromebook know exactly that they can only run chrome browser.
lol you never watch barca play dude. messi play deep behind neymar and suarez. ronaldo always waiting for ball in front of the goal.

no comparison dude
and messi play as a playmaker. suarez has far far far far more assists than iniesta, who is the better passer/playmaker

In short player like ronaldo and suarez benefits from playing upfront and raking assists from short simple post up game. raking assists while playing as deep as messi is mesmerizing, after that lets count how many goals he scored, how he is the greateat dribbler and one of the best free kick taker today.

messi is far ahead of ronaldo
while playing as a playmaker 
well they started to colonize other countries after they got their Independence. Kind of ironic
pengalaman gw di belanda, sering diajakin pengajian orang2 indonesia, mayoritas tenaga kerja di belanda ato ibu rumah tangga yang nikah sama orang belanda,  isinya orang2 anti ahok semua. makanya mahasiswa/i yang moderat suka ga mau dateng ke pengajian2 gini. dan biasanya orang2 pengajian itu ya ngumpulnya sesama mereka, jadi semacam echo chamber lah, ga ada suara lain. 

bahkan sempet diajakin kumpul relawan anies di den haag. muke gile, ni orang2 yang bahkan asalnya bukan dari jakarta, tinggal bukan di indonesia pula, segini niatnya anti ahok.

gw cuman dateng dua kali ke pengajian mereka, habis itu nope, sori
yang ke EU pada jalan2, tapi biaya hidup gede. mau pengiritan juga nabungnya ga seberapa. kata temen gw yang di melbourne, aussie, itu anak2 LPDP pada kerja part time (walau ada larangan dari LPDP) dan ngumpulin duit banyak. Udah gitu allowance nya lumayan gede. Jadinya ngemall dan ke cafe mulu tapi tetep nabung banyak,
But the internet itself is regulated in those eastern countries with poor freedom of the press. See: reddit in Indonesia, wikipedia in Turkey, etc. I argue that most of fake news in Indonesia are not sourced from media corporations but from social media posts and WhatsApp group. 
except for the massive amount of trash at each post, yes it is amazing. Typical for any mountain in Indonesia with lots of hikers.
that's why I like Dragon Ball. Okay Piccolo, Frieza, Cells, Bhu, kills tons of people but at the end, you just call Shen Long to save the day resurrect those people. 
> take into account Coriolis effect

so that's why ghosts in the northern hemisphere and southern hemisphere are different. 
wait until you get older and you will get sick of these shitty superhero movies too
considering most of it fans are young males, I think it is. People on Reddit like to bash and shit of shitty films for teenage girls like Twilight while praising Superhero movies, while they are basically the exact same thing.
> Asterix, Tintin

Asterix and Tintin were huge in Asia as well. When I was a kid, if someone told me about comics I would think of Doraemon first, as it was the most famous comic and anime that everyone from a 4-year-old to 80-year-old grandma knows, to Dragon Ball, Tintin, and Asterix.
you bunch of superhero teenage male fans on reddit need to do your homework and research about films before making these stupid comments and upvoting this shitty comment. The Peter Jackson comment does not contradict what Peter Jackson did at all. 
haha it took so long to scroll down to finally find this garbage. I did not walk out of theater in respect to my friend who ask me to accompany him to watch this movie.

Absolutely one of the worst movie I have seen in my life, oh my god. 
gw punya temen yang S3 di Leiden, ni orang emang udah ga kelar2 S3nya sebelum kasus penistaan agama ini lol
Dulu gw suka banget ke freedom institute library, sebelum ditutup...:(

Akhirnya lari ke reading room di kemang. Bukan library sih tapi lumayan enak suasanya buat kerja dan belajar
If you stay out from Jakarta , West Java, and Aceh, Indonesia is quite tolerant for a muslim country. 
thats why they are leaders and you are a fucking loser nerd lol
my conclusion : Man, Marc Levoy is a fuckin genius
I am one of those guys (got laid off due to oil price) and gets LPDP lol.  I thought my job experience (and my 3.5 GPA in ITB) will help me compete with local Dutch and international students who mostly continue straight from their bachelor and have no work experience. LOL how wrong I was. I have to study all the time, reading tons and tons of papers and lots of discussion with peers and professors to even play at the same field with these guys, and I never get grades above 7.5, mostly around 6 and some retake (while these Dutch students seems effortlessly get 8 and 9). And I used to think ITB is the shit lol.

Right now my plan is to go back to Indonesia to work in geothermal industry (hopefully). Looking at current situation, I think it will be difficult to go back to petroleum industry in Indonesia.
I watched both and find The Departed to be superior
pendapat gw berdasarkan pengamatan, kenapa rata2 yang dapet bule kaya "tampang pembokat" kasarnya, karena yang cakep2 sebelum ke eropa udah pada punya cowo. Yang tampang agak kurang biasanya single. Sebenernya yang cakep2 itu gampang sih kalo mau dapet bule kalo single. Temen gw yang cakep baru putus sama cowonya yang LDR tinggal di Indo, ga sampe seminggu dua minggu dah gandeng bule.
3-1
This is the worst movie I have ever seen in theaters 