NSFW
If only you knew the power of your Father's side...
You are in the harem but we do not grant you the title of husband.
It also has Scald to deter physical attackers.
[Is that a...](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/195/575/abf.jpg)
Yes, which means that it's the smaller 777. Go to an international terminal and the larger variant is prevalent.
[Now with sound.](https://youtu.be/rfRldJ5y0Lc?t=15s)
[You will... if your phone gets Android 9 that is.](https://emojipedia.org/pistol/)
Choosing between two is easy as you can set each for either home screen or lock screen.
So it's basically the Landorus-T of Normal Monotype?
Brady typing.
It's like an amalgamation of BA and the Boeing Dreamliner livery... on an **Airbus**.

A Polish crane.
Pyroar is fast, which is a great advantage in competitive metas. It even has STAB Hyper Voice to blast through both substitutes.
Technician Flame Charge would be as strong as Fire Punch. Not *bad* but not really great.
Leafeon is not bad at all. It's got good Speed, Swords Dance, great physical bulk and Knock Off. It's usable in RU with Sun teams.
Yes. Emboar and Darmanitan are pretty much built for Flare Blitz with their 100+ HP stats.
Magneto it is.
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plageius the Wise?
Every. Damn. Thread.
Time to get a Leafeon.
Eight is a two hole number, the only one of the decimal digits.

\#TopologyFacts
Still more resilient and faster than most humans though.
There's also Ilya's reactions at both endings.
I'd give it the Pan Am livery for the same reason.
If /r/Tierzoo has taught me anything, INT rules the meta.
A documentary on the evolution of jaws in various animals.
You might also be amused by /r/potatosalad and /r/JohnCena.
They would also have a stegosaurus instead of the triceratops.
Jotaro was at the beginning.
Probably because there's nowhere to store it.
"Actually, the goofy looks are deliberately made so that in visual range, the enemy would be too busy laughing to fight back."
There are apps that allow rotating wallpapers. I'm actually using the Microsoft Launcher with Google's Wallpapers app for the home screen and the launcher's Bing wallpapers for the lockscreen.
My list has been pretty stable so...

1. **Salamence** - This one wasn't one that captivated me originally. I didn't like its original sprite but the DS games changed that. Pearl was the game that made me like it more and more. It had a great design, intriguing lore and was very effective in battle. It was the Pokémon that replaced Charizard as my favourite.
1. **Porygon-Z** - This glitchy bastard is a clever continuation of Porygon2. You can see the elements of P2 being rearranged into a very different body style. Whereas P2 looked more like an armless Wall-E, PZ is more akin to EVE.
1. **Metagross** - I mean it's [the God of Spider Tanks](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Pantheon/TypesOfMechas). It practically makes the case for itself.
1. **Magnezone** - I like this design concept of a more complete fusion of Magneton's constituents
1. **Gallade/Gardevoir** - I can't pick one over the other. They're similar in what they set out to do but do it in different ways.
1. **Golurk** - It can Fly, literally. This is the Iron Giant if it were much shorter and made of clay.

All of them tend to have fantastic offensive stats and are clustered around the 3-5th Gens, which was when I got more into Pokémon.
Execute Order 66
Consistency!
What about ¤oo¤le?
It does work for me.
Or badminton. Or squash.
Or it's about helicopters.
I thought it'd be about surface-to-air missiles.
It was a *bizarre summer*.
Well, it was inevitable. You made me make this:

http://www.youtubemultiplier.com/5ae247d648b9d-chinese-man-and-two-little-girls-dance-to-casin-by.php

And this:

http://www.youtubemultiplier.com/5ae2455e92cf5-you-danced-into-the-wrong-swamp.php
Now I wanna hear it with [Casin by glue70](https://soundcloud.com/glue70/casin).

Edit: [It's glorious.](http://www.youtubemultiplier.com/5ae247d648b9d-chinese-man-and-two-little-girls-dance-to-casin-by.php)
As a semi-coordinated human being, that's impressive.
Mine is transcendent.
What about all of the below?
[Yes](https://youtu.be/JXj0qn0DBdQ?t=9s)
If they bring in bundling to the regular Gmail client, I might as well switch over. Bundling made emails easier to manage.
Unless you've jumbled up the instructions and went to smell the birds, hug the roses and talk to the trees.
[Why let anything get in the way of a good crusade?](https://youtu.be/pI5_idvxm18?t=1m1s)
[Why let a few rules get in the way of a good crusade?](https://youtu.be/pI5_idvxm18?t=1m1s)
It's your father's trumpet. This is the weapon of a marching band. Not as clumsy or random as a guitar.
At least you can opt-in with that. With completely fake pockets, the choice is gone once you buy it.
>Hitler reportedly studied this and accounted for it in his final solution.

As long as he cited his references.
I drink 8 glasses of hot ice a day.
[Before the dark times... Before the Pixels...](https://youtu.be/eyeYq9XI4MM?t=35s)
Release command: *Exterminate, Killer Queen*
Still waiting for Part 5 anime though...
At least the terrains are temporary. Weather Wars had permanent weather.
It's a phone number based messaging platform so it's kind of like SMS+.

>does it function like snapchat where anyone I message has to be also using it?

Pretty much.

>If so I could send all my friends invites and they would say why? Just text me

In other places, texting is old fashioned, a last resort and not guaranteed to be "unlimited". WhatsApp is already ubiquitous in many places.
[**TOKI WO TOMARE!**](https://youtu.be/kSkeqYkd-ng)
Unlimited Pan Works is his secret reality marble.
Mienfoo rose the by a lot.
Mesprit being so high might be why it's so used. Doubly so with Defog.
Even in Soviet Russia.
Spread the costs among other people and have an ice cream party!
Yeah but that's not exactly impressive since Return outdamages it against neutral targets. Even with Flare Blitz added, it's still slow and the pitiful HP makes the recoil damage even more of a problem compared to Darmanitan and Emboar.
And then Gen 5 made some of those previously worthless Pokémon viable.
So it Gen 6 GOGOAT?
Not really. The Grass starter is lackluster in-game but the other two are solid choices. I'd put Gen 2's starters at last place.
It couldn't use Flare Blitz until Gen 6 though.
[You're describing the Mild nature.](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Nature#Stat-focused_table) Impish increases Defense while lowering Sp. Attack.
The strip burst the tires which ruptured the fuel tank. Concorde's engines are pretty high off the ground compared to the turbofans mounted on most jetliners.
The counterpart to Pokémon Afro Sapling.
And its nemesis: Prime Ogre
Elon Musk: Hmm...
Because then it'll litter the tabs. It also has tabs of its own and reads epub files.
In my experience, that just removes the buttons (and the status bar icons) but not the bar itself.
Except it is incorrect. Snakes are mostly body. A legless lizard is mostly tail which you can see if you compare their cloaca positions.
No as that'd describe legless lizards. Snakes are mostly body by length and volume.
Another happy landing.
Massive if validated
Are you suggesting aircraft carriers migrate?
This is rocket science without the rockets.
With their final forms:

- Morganum

- Frytorsion

- Firmnavigatr
\#TooSoon
Or make a bot to do this.
Mostly because they can survive this when they are small and light like this.
[Rocks are thing.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxGuNJ-nEYg&feature=youtu.be)
It's a bit of a thing in Japan.
Twin Tower nightlights so you'll NEVER FORGET.
No. The Nexus 6 also had thin sides and sharp edges, which negate the comfort afforded by curved backs. Something more like HTC One's curved back is better.
*Execute Order 66*
African or Euro-

Assassin: Japanese.
Then the snowy bits have to be at the bottom. Sinnoh also has defined east and west. Remember the two forms of Gastrodon?
Sinnoh has a clear east and west thanks to the division of Shellos and Gastrodon.
Except for the clear east/west division of Shellos and Gastrodon.
Fair enough. I'm probably skipping the XZ1 because I like the XZ2's more comfortable design and I wanna try the back mounted FP scanner. I can comfortably hit the top speaker of me Z5C so hitting the top of the XZ2 shouldn't be too difficult.
Until something goes wrong and they panic.
I meant in battery size. It's taller and a bit thicker but it's as narrow as my own Z5C so it's still as one hand typing friendly.
I set my "compact" standard as the Xperia SP. I find the iPhone SE to be too small for regular use since I've used the Nexus 6. The key to one handed usability is: can I swipe type with one hand without changing my grip? The XZ2 being as wide as my current Z5C passes that with added reading space.

I just use a big and small phone concurrently so I get the benefits of both.
It's bigger than its predecessors.
It's still smaller than the S9, Pixel 2 and the iPhone 8 by footprint.
The OG Note is as wide the Nexus 6. The Nexus 6 is a big phone not because I can't get the notification shade one handed but because I can't comfortably reach the other side with my thumb. You can more easily shimmy your phone up and down your hand than it is to have reach over. The Compact's consistent narrowness eliminates the need to change grip to reach over.
I find width to be a bigger deciding factor when it comes to one hand usage, unless you have ridiculous bezels like the One M8.
Windows, starting from 8, even has a refresh option which will wipe out all your programs but keep your personal files.
It's larger than the S9's in terms of mAh.
On the upside, you have a reliable handwarmer when it gets chilly.
Sick burn.
I named my Z5C 'Handwarmer' on the Device Manager.
Twice the pride, double the fall.
One good thing about the Z5 line of phones is that they removed the USB flap so the only flap left is for the SD/SIM tray which is rarely opened. This allows it to remain water resistant for longer.
LG. Loops Good.
You'd be surprised at how much you can do without one. Using a laptop with crappy trackpads forced me to learn more and more useful shortcuts like *Win + X* or the venerable *Alt + Tab*. 

Hell, I wasn't even mad when they removed the Start Button on Windows 8 since I don't even use it.
Then steal the mouse from another workstation. Do you use the keyboard for typing only and the mouse for everything else?
Reddit for when I am in Indonesia. Most networks block it.
Not much. You?
hurB
Speed Boost Specs Electro Ball
Rip tides, not even once.
They were in each other's heads so the forehead thing works well.
You should've instigated the proper... **pun**ishment.
The Thenate shall decide your fate.
Oh country road... take me home...
He minimaxed into bowling.
Jack Jack in particular has a wide array of powers that was not present for most of the original.
Especially when the original showed that Bob can be a very competent parent. Jack Jack's Superpower Lottery is new though.
Even breastfeed?
Moxie -> Multiscale: Salamence, Gyarados, Heracross.

Clear Body -> Cloud Nine: Metagross, Regi(rock, ice, steel), Tentacruel

Snow Cloak -> Snow Warning: Alolan-Ninetales (lol), Glaceon, Mamoswine

Solid Rock ->  Soul Heart: Camerupt, Carracosta

Reckless -> Refrigerate: Hitmonlee, Staraptor, Emboar

Drizzle -> Drought: Kyogre

Defiant -> Delta Stream: Braviary, Tornadus-I, Thundurus-I

Volt Absorb -> Water Absorb: Lanturn (lol), Thundurus-T, Jolteon
Speaking of which, it now gets Marvel Scale.
Interestingly, Araquanid still gets Water Bubble thanks to its HA being Water Absorb.

Also, Tinted Lens Mamoswine.
Speed Boost Electrode tho. All of the fast, none of the paralysis!
Palkia gets Primordial Sea. Zapdos gets it to spam Thunder while Articuno gets to spam Hurricane and eliminate one weakness. All three can take out opposing Water types.
At least it's more vulnerable to status now.
Sort of. It's still vulnerable to passive damage (if you opt for Eviolite) and more vulnerable to status. It's still very good though.

Blissey does have the freedom of running Leftovers (Chansey does too but at the cost of the defense buffs) to mitigate the former.

Togekiss and Jirachi are also new Shadow Shield users.
Note that Garchomp counts among them.
It's a 10% boost so Stone Edge would be up to 88% which would make it almost as reliable as High Jump Kick. Focus Miss would be up to 77%.

Among other new Victory Star users are:

Houndoom and Pyroar (Fire Blast and Will-O-Wisp)

Mewtwo (Will-O-Wisp and Focus Blast)

Arbok (Gunk Shot)

Aerodactyl (Stone Edge)

Masquerain (Hydro Pump)
It lost its original ability to... Mega Rayquaza of all things.

Meanwhile Primordial Sea gets a bunch of Legendaries that had Pressure including Palkia, Zapdos and Articuno. It even keeps a Water Spout user in Wailord.
>Dialga, Palkia, and Giratina-O could all get Teravolt

Palkia also gets Primordial Sea.

>Rayquaza would get Desolate Land

Mega Rayquaza would. Regular Rayquaza gets Analytic.
It's not that fast though and it loses Shadow Shield to compensate for its big weaknesses.
With Pressure -> Primordial Sea, some Legendaries get quite a boon. Palkia is a very notable user along with Articuno, Zapdos, Suicune and Raikou. Moltres loses the ability to use its Fire STAB in exchange for Hurricane spam while Entei has to use non-STAB.
Not even the notification panel?
Is it just the keyboard controls or the brightness in general?
Ah yes, remember when Steel didn't resist Bug moves? Good times.
You'd make it worse though.
I mean competitively, it's pretty consistent: BL all day, everyday.
>The coolest eeveelution!

That'd be Glaceon.

ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
I used my Z5C underwater a few times. None in saltwater and one of the times is in very clear water that doesn't smell chlorinated.
My Z5C has them sealed behind a flap with a rubber ring. The USB port is exposed though.
I loved using my Z5C to take a video of my brother doing a front flip underwater and of my feet being munched on my tiny fish.
I currently fall under the latter though I have used my Z5C underwater (the pool water was very fresh and didn't seem to have much chlorine in them if at all).

The best thing is cleaning them from a spill is easy when you can run them under a tap (gently). I dry them off ASAP, of course.
Z5 Compact. I love the size and the speed of the thing but I don't like the 810's "warm personality". It's especially bad when I lived down in tropics.
Moreover, I should've gotten the white version instead of the "black" version. RAM is also a surprising issue since I haven't had these on the M8 nor the Nexus 6. It's still faster than those two.

The XZ2 seems like a great replacement for it down the line.
I have a small Sony speaker that does that and disconnects when tapped again by the same phone. Sony has a bunch of NFC enabled gadgets including pretty much every Xperia available.
Pretty much any one of the wireless ones. Sony really took to NFC so it's in their headphones, speakers, phones and their last laptops.
Some Bluetooth headphones and speakers use NFC to connect and disconnect to phones.
And when you are done, tap again to disconnect them.
Even better. You can use them to connect even if they're off and disconnect them when you're done. Sony's Bluetooth audio equipment has this and is a big reason why pretty much every Xperia has NFC.
It is used to connect and disconnect them. I have a small Sony speaker that does the same thing.
By freshwater, I meant a body of water that isn't a sea or ocean i.e. non-saltwater environments. A polluted river still counts as a freshwater environment.
Don't buy them new and keep them for as long as possible.
Bleach:

* the Hollow Menace
* Attack of the Arrancar
* Revenge of the Espada
Crawdaunt is certainly fresh water as the it is based off crayfish are.

Whiscash are also freshwater.
*KONO DIO DE NASHI*
Take this, Gilgamesh! 20-meter radius Gae Bolg!
That's no moon.
African or European?
The BUFF, the Bone and the Stealthy Spirit.
"Unlimited Danger Zone"
[The Archer class really is made up of Archers.](https://imgur.com/gallery/3EwY2zj)
Except on radar.
To be fair, MacBook trackpads are good enough for light usage to not need mouse. The addition of gestures makes it especially useful.
/r/nocontext
That was me until I realized tapping was faster. I don't even use the trackpad buttons anymore. I got used to it when I got a VAIO with a large trackpad and no separate buttons. The MacBook trackpad was even better.

MacBook trackpads are rightfully touted as the best and thankfully, more Windows machines are making their trackpads like MacBook ones.
Not anymore.
And Knuckles!
It's over Mordred! I have the high ground.
This is getting out of hand! Now, there are two of them!
Fine. But we still rule the C's.
If you are not with me, then you are my enemy.
The one on the left has coconuts and knows the difference between an African and European swallow.
Mine is named Za Warudo.
He beat the Bridge of Death.
Depends. Local ones would get a power boost.
*the state's book
I remember when Windows Mobile PDAs were the shit.
King Arthur's NP should include a flock of swallows laden with explosive coconuts.
Too late.

AWAKEN, MY MASTERS!
Indeed. King Arthur takes this.
[Ask and ye shall receive.](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=fate+monty+python)
If by nearby you mean 3000+ km away then yes, it's nearby.
Assassin: Neither. We're in Japan.

Saber: *Crap. There goes my trump card.*
And both have one "i" each so the lengths are similar too.
Hello there.
You usually have from top to bottom:

- Park
- Reverse
- Neutral
- Drive
- Gear lockouts (e.g. 3, 2, L)

I've had to restart the engine while it was moving since the transmission won't shift up sometimes. Shift to neutral, restart the engine and hopefully it'll work normally.
They need more courage then.
Plasma Fists = Sunlight Yellow Overdrive
Most single evo mons don't have 600 BST.
I like its 3D model because it actually floats and is scarier than its tap dancing 2D sprite.
And make that... change!
Not to worry, we're still winking half a game.
Are you threating me, Master Bezel?
Collects excess MSG powder as one packet usually contains more than enough for one bowl, especially if you augment it with actual vegetables.
Cheek in Nando's
Imagine if it does this to incoming calls though.
The need for weight reduction and the ability to move at notably higher speeds than other forms of transport during a crash would make them seem fragile things.
Especially with how close it is to the close tab button. I hit that sometimes with the mouse.
[Well if an F-106 landed largely intact on a cornfield after the pilot ejected...](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornfield_Bomber)
I knew from the pictures that this phone will be more comfortable than the Compact line as of late because the design of the back is very reminiscent of the Xperia ZR and SP. I owned the latter and that has been thus far the most comfortable phone I've owned.
The back of it is very reminiscent of the Xperia ZR, the Compact line's precursor.
I have accepted the fact that the Compact versions are going to be thicker than their respective non-Compact counterparts. A necessary trade off for the the smaller footprint.
Glaceon for best IRL purposes and design.
I'd go two steps further and go for the extremely huggable Togekiss. It's like a large, flying dog made of kindness.
If we don't, we can always weld two motorcycles together.
Hang on... is that Caster near the end?
To be fair, so did the game itself.
Charles Darwin
Garudrone
Rough and irritating...
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
WHO ARE YOU CALLING UNSTABLE?!
>remember, the dark side is easier... faster 

You underestimate my power.
[Have a nice day.](https://youtu.be/_mkiGMtbrPM?t=1m32s)
[WORLD ORDER - HAVE A NICE DAY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mkiGMtbrPM)

[Specifically this bit.](https://youtu.be/_mkiGMtbrPM?t=1m32s)
World Order is made for this sub.
It's just "World Order".
This is outrageous, it's unfair.
Jolteon should be called the Senate.
Or a Ground/Flying => high ground.
It might've slipped their mind.
Well, I guess there's no point to hangar-ound here for now.
This is what is called the tanker pump, a sort of airborne version of the biological whale pump.
Budasaur
I'm so f*ckin high right now.
I am the Senate.
It's still not enough for either one to get to at least NU. Motor Drive Luxray is basically a worse Electivire.
I'm saying that if Motor Drive didn't benefit Electivire with it's better stats and movepool, it's not going to do help Luxray as is.
Thunder Punch is close to that level of power but is limited by its "punch" trait so quads like Luxray can't use it.

Really Wild Charge would have been okay if it were at Flare Blitz levels. There's also Zing Zap.
Thanks to its vast movepool, which Luxray lacks.
>Crawdaunt, Mightyena, Sharpedo, Houndoom, Krookodile, etc.

These examples are also based off aggressive animals. The mountain lion isn't one of them. Also, stalking and stealth feels more like Ghost attributes.
It didn't help Electivire all that much.
The best physical electric moves are locked away to Legendaries. While signature moves can and have be rendered less exclusive, this has yet to happen to Legendary signature moves.
I have a Bluetooth speaker that can pair/unpair with NFC. Any future phone of mine should come with at least this.
I like how my BT speaker has NFC pair/unpair. Less faffing about.
Too much burn-in.
The FAA will decide your fate.
Try spinning. That's a good trick.
8+60... we're in the atmosphere.
Control: Ah Aspen, gonna need you to clear the way.

Aspen: What could possibly be at 51,000 feet?

Concorde: Bonjour, *arbre noir*.
I moved from Phonograph to Retro.
I had it. It's kind of the Jelly Bean running, proto XA with a light bar. It's among the first Xperia devices to drop the Ericsson name and logo.
Speaking of Rushes, I managed 120km/h on Jl. Tol Jagorawi when it is mostly clear of traffic with a Toyota Rush, especially when going north. The lightened front end is something you have to get used to.
To be honest, I like the wagon/estate versions more than their sedan ones.
You mean Monty Python.
*West

The East is already its own nation.
It changed from the X-35's four piece, folding door mechanism.
Well there is that nice hill.
Sun Fried Pigeons
Anakin: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Wait, this is the same dude that made [the wooden knife](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKH63_r0OCA).
The cow is just a tiny water dispenser.
I've microwaved plates and bowls of food... with metal spoons in them. Microwave is still intact.
I was this up to the third grade. Books remedied that very quickly.
That maybe true but the usability of the M8 made me pick that over the M7.
>he was using his hands instead of the force

Well he only had one hand at that point and none of his original hands.
He has brought peace, freedom, justice and security for his new empire.
Take a seat, Lord Vader.
ZA WARUDO!
It's a trap!
Good bot.
Autorotation is supposed to keep the rotors moving so they maintain some lift. When the engine cuts off, the rotors are still spinning. The rotors themselves are spinning wings.

The aircraft is pitched nose down so the lift generated would give it some forward speed and reduce descent speed. They are effectively using up their height's potential energy to keep the rotors spinning effectively using the rotors as a flywheel.

Near the ground, they pitch the aircraft up so that it slows down and reduces its forward momentum. This maneuver also makes the rotor spin faster.
Not necessarily. Barbaracle can bust through Water/Ground types with Tough Claws boosted Grass Knot.
The loop kinda gives it away as the end chocolate is notably shorter than the starting one.
The copypasta generating part narrows it down to just one.
And Sony. They still have them.
>I still miss physical camera buttons. Wtf happened to those?

It's been a Sony staple even now. They'll drop the headphone jack and lanyard slot but the two stage camera button stays.
My Nexus 6 has a cracked front glass but the vibration motor hasn't aged a bit. It still a mini earthquake generator.
Ah, the dreaded 7-engine approach.
I'd personally pick the XZ2 Compact.
Compared to some earlier gestalt Pokémon, it's a lot more interesting. This is the first one with that Megazord aesthetic since Golurk is more of a single unit mecha as opposed to a combination.
This is where the fun begins.
It has other functions like being a physical app shortcut and trackpad.
Well good thing it doubles as a scrolling pad.
Some Bluetooth speakers and headphones pair and unpair using NFC. I wish was more commonplace.
It'd give Archeops, Slaking and Regigigas Pressure as a Hidden Ability.
Pressure it is.
I can agree with Binacle but its evo in Barbaracle has that Megazord/gestalt aesthetic that speaks to me.
I like how Triggers is in the "Customers who viewed this item also viewed" section.
[But is it black?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1KtTt7Ns50)
If it's a newly activated phone, then it is pretty normal. It's just catching up on updates it missed out.
I know I do. Since I daily the Nexus 6 and the Z5C, I see the advantages and disadvantages of both.
 Q U I R K S  A N D  F E A T U R E S
But please move the volume button above the power button.
Good job, "dad" All good.
Like vampires. They suck so much.
"Then go for the left one."
I like the staggered keyboard layout. It's more intuitive and the lack of vertical uniformity helps in distinguishing the rows.

You also put the backspace next to the space bar which makes your version a bit more annoying to use.
He addressed that in the video at the 4:02 mark. Some just don't like the hassle of carrying one. It also has two USB-C ports rather than the usual one.
[Yep, it was a an A345.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore_Airlines_Flight_21) It had far fewer seats than it would normally with a final, 100 all-Business class seating arrangement.
They are but they intend to use the A350-900ULR.
Nope. It's the A340-500 again.
By about 7,200 feet.
[The music player has stands and the the play pause button is the stand arrow's tip.](http://highdio.tumblr.com/post/171830663626/docomos-new-jojo-phones-got-an-mp3-player-with)
BITE ZA DUSTO!
Sony makes one every year since 2013.
They've upgraded from frogs to people.
Ayyy Google
The Xperia ZR instead of the Xperia SP as my first post Gingerbread Android phone. The SP is comfortable and the screens are identical as well as the storage. The difference is that the ZR has twice the RAM, which would've made it better in the long run.
As a Nexus owner, why exactly?
Gold Experience? Part 5 anime confirmed?!
Shuttle, Phonograph and Retro music player can read lyrics metadata. As for embedding them into the files, I use the computer for that since it is the central repository for my music.
No. They can be embedded into the files themselves as part of the metadata. I use them on my own mp3s.
I'm personally a fan of wiping the slate clean and starting fresh anyway. I've done that quite a few times without a version update just to see what apps I don't need.
I'm not a crazed gunman, dad. I'm an assassin.
It does more than land or band.

Place names like England and Ireland on the other hand also rhyme with island.
It's probably next to impossible to take off with just one but it would probably maintain altitude.
The entire engine is wider than the 737's fuselage.
>After tilting her head for a moment, Meninas twisted the upper half of her body around whilst relentlessly unleashing a number of combo hits with both arms.

Relevant flair is relevant.
I too have that but I took advantage of the lists feature on Maps so can localise certain regions, especially when you have them in two different countries.
Probably. I have yet to see it when I drive.
Or while Psychic Terrain is up.
[Unless it's the work of an「ENEMY STAND」](https://youtu.be/Hx9La4nGlnA?t=1m4s)
TerryXYogurt OTP
Username checks out, tiny head.
Boyle!
I need another pet rock.
Diamond.
Maybe it's just me but while they look like they rhyme, they don't rhyme with 'island' when spoken. It's like 'and' vs 'und'.
And keeps it clean, sharp and out of the sink.
Sautéing, stir frying, grilling, briasing, pickling, roasting and baking.
And not a very gouda one either.
The addition of Earth Power would make HP Ice a more viable option. I'd also tack on Dazzling Gleam and many other Fairy type moves as a sort of reverse Florges.
Quiver Dance is like a superior Calm Mind since it boosts Speed too.
It's more princess than queen.
>Give it every Dance move

Fiery Dance Lilligant new meta.
It can run HP Ice to combine the best of HP Fire and Rock's coverage.
So planes sin everytime they land?
Through passion, I gain focus.

Through knowledge, I gain power.

Through serenity, I gain strength.

Through victory, I gain harmony.

There is no light without the dark.

There is only the Force.
Sounds like something from /r/talesfromtechsupport.
WELL THEN YOU ARE LOST!
He lives in me!
*the Who intensifies*
There's a way around that: [Pokémon Showdown](https://play.pokemonshowdown.com). That's how I scratch my competitive Pokémon itch.
Stealth Rocks pretty much guarantees it goes in the lower tiers. That said, the introduction of Eviolite (50% boost to both defenses if the holder isn't fully evolved) gives it a tremendous defensive prowess rivalling its offensive one. Its main drawback is its typing.
And lose that sweet x1.69 Sheer Orb boost?
R/S/E would be the last time Thunder Punch would be a good move on Alakazam. After that, Focus Blast and Shadow Ball are the most common coverage moves for it.
The standard Alakazam set usually goes for:

* STAB (obvious)
* Focus Blast (for Steel and Dark types)
* Shadow Ball (for other Psychics and some Steels)
* HP Fire (Scizor) / Support (e.g. Encore, Trick or Calm Mind)

Grass doesn't help with coverage as Steel types also resist it.
Sheer Force Liquidation is no pushover.
Depending on which Psychic STAB Alakazam chooses, Kingler could survive and destroy the frail thing.

With Psychic and Life Orb, Kingler without any SpDef investment will be OHKO'd. With Psyshock instead, Alakazam would require Focus Miss to get an OHKO. Meanwhile, Kingler's massive Attack stat rips through Alakazam's paper thin Defense.
The lack of expandable storage would give me pause, especially if it were more expensive. The lack of headphone jack is less of an issue as I am planning to go for the wireless route anyway.
You can use ADB so that Airplane Mode doesn't toggle Bluetooth (or Wi-Fi). I've also left Location on in multiple short and international flights.
Everything you say about the XZ2C just makes me want to swap my Z5C for it. Lack of headphone jack isn't even a big issue since I'm thinking of going wireless anyway. What I might miss is the lanyard slot if this phone doesn't have one.
As a former SP owner, the resemblance didn't go unnoticed. It also reminds me for the ZR, the precursor to this phone's lineage.
I like the ZL and ZR. The ZL had a screen-to-body ratio that only feels old because of the iPhone X and Essential phones.

The ZR was the precursor to the now long lineage of Compact phones and I like how the latest one looks like an homage to it from the back.
[I tend to hear this as I was reading it.](https://youtu.be/_Q_47b507vg)
They were not as useful in the short hops within Japan's borders. Winglets add additional mass from the winglets themselves and the extra strengthening of the wingtips.
>Considering this 747 is a 747-100

*-400

The upper deck length gave it away.
Quagsire was the most surprising in-game team member. It was the surprise MVP of my Platinum run. It folds over to Meganium or anything with Grass coverage but can wall Kyogre for days.
This joke isn't a sub.
The flair is Jolteon so it checks out.
Hey, what's up guys welcome back to to Binging with Babish...
Cryogonal. I like geometric Pokémon and I like how it defied my expectations statwise, thinking it'd be more like Avalugg in stats.
More like a 500 car pile up.
>pretend you're filipino.

Good lord, the amount of times I am assumed to be Filipino overseas... including other Filipinos no less.
"Word" is a word.
Indonesia living up to its motto.
It's bigger than the ones currently used on 777s. This one is for the future 777X.
[It's for testing new engines.](https://aviation.stackexchange.com/questions/19669/why-doesnt-ge-replace-all-4-engines-for-on-their-flying-test-bed-instead-of-jus)

The 747 can take off safely with 3 engines so it's safer to test with the tried and true OEM engines in case something goes wrong with the test engine. [This one is GE's second 747 test bed.](https://www.ge.com/reports/into-thin-air-the-lofty-side-of-jet-engine-testing/)
Reading [this](https://breakingdefense.com/2017/10/bell-v-280-vs-sikorsky-boeing-sb1-who-will-win-future-vertical-lift/) makes me think you might be on to something.
Modulate the collective and you get (one of) the loudest rocking chair... in the world.
You can fit just one of them and get more thrust than their regular engines. The GE90 is that powerful.
And one GE90 makes more thrust than the latest 737.
One 737 still makes less thrust than one GE90. You get more lift with the wings but that adds more drag than a smooth engine.
There's still Android Auto.
So would Android Auto be then renamed to what? Car Glass by Google?
That's what my mother uses.
For synchronising, I just run Windows 10 on VMWare Fusion. SD card reader doesn't work but the USB ports do so I use the same program as I do to sync my music in Windows PCs: MusicBee.
I mainly just run Windows on VMWare Fusion to sync stuff to my Android phones.
I use Opera as the main browser for my Macbook.
Earthquake would help the other two forms more than this one since it isn't boosted by Tough Claws while both Drill Run and Stomping Tantrum are.
At least it has STAB.
Nautical miles
This is getting out of hand! Now there are two of them.
>Also, blobs are ugly as fuck. Who in their right mind prefers the "silly weirdness" of blobs compared to the emojis we have now?

I like the cartoon aesthetic while Apple's looks like it came from IM chats from the Windows XP era. The blobs are more expressive and the animal emojis aren't as daft looking.
The circle is now complete.
Papyrus
Oh those Sony Ericsson phones...
Same stats as Charizard but it lacks the lizard's good movepool. And that's before Megas come into the picture.

It is probably the least performant final Fire starter as of now.
Consider that it is unaffected by Intimidate and/or Burns while also compounding on Life Orb's boost without recoil.
It makes Ghost STAB more spammable since the *only* thing that'll resist it are Dark types. It also hurts Girafarig and Meloetta harder.

Doesn't solve Ghost's dearth of powerful moves but it's a start.
Fur Coat works like Huge Power but for Defense.

Fluffy only affects contact moves and adds a Fire weakness.
I mean if there's a Google ecosystem...
Sheer Force Earth Power is no joke.
Regenerator though... and while Magnezone can beat both, it can't trap Toxapex.
*Chicken Boo, what's the matter with you?*

*You don't act like the other chickens do.*
Good thing the Incarnate forme is even better than the Therian forme.
A floating washing machine that got turned into a Water/Electric. It debuted as a Ghost/Electric.
>Even Lado packs HP ice

Lando is immune to its own STAB (well, its main STAB). At least it doesn't get Roost.
#NANI?!
Always two there are.
Hello there.
I shall ow wa ter what?
Because Apple.
Their Indonesian presence is also becoming more obvious. I saw a large Moto C ad out in the streets. First time I've seen one there.
Considering they did both a Justinian and Khosrau series, of course.
Even those guys are light for their size. Honda Civic weighs more than any one of them.
Same with Ferrothorn. It looks comparable to Hippowdon and is bigger than Alomomola.
What smartphone maker isn't?
Except the Grass types. With the exception of Torterra, all of them can tank its Ice coverage and KO back with STAB.
The Senate will decide your fate.
Don't forget Khosrau and of course, the plague.
>Also, apparently he once pulled some classmates aside and told them that he was actually Kim Jong Un and he was using a fake identity, but no one believed him.

[if it works for Superman, it shouldn't be too hard for him.](https://youtu.be/d0QVvbhMm24)
*Here we see the tour bus feasting on a hapless human that wandered into its vast territory.*
Hawlucha's MO.
Has science gone too far?
Bleen? Grue?
Where's that xkcd bot when you need it?
I'd make Ice resist Water first before anything else. I'd also limit Ice's total resistances to 3 total, including self resistance.
Adding a baby Pokémon wouldn't necessarily make the original stronger in stats. In fact, the precedence has yet to be set. Yes, Raichu and Azumarill got a stat bump but neither one is attributed to the addition of the baby stage.
Gen 5 has many cool designs that if rather not see gone like Krookodile, Golurk and Cryogonal.
I'm glad they ditched it. It's great that it's not a fingerprint magnet like most glass backs but I still prefer the back of the old Xperia SP, which looked great in black and is far more grippier.
Not that I can see as a regular Photos user.
It does have merit. I love using it as a photo repository, especially the face and object recognition.
Never set foot in the US but I have it. Never been to the UK either.
Nice to know cones get the same treatment as a person.
It's reminiscent of the old Xperia ZR, the Compact line's precursor.
I like back's design mostly because it stands out from most of the current glass sandwiches. It reminds me of the back of the Xperia ZR from early Xperia Z days.
Ah yes. Canadian Dugtrio.
Salamancium-Z

Name: Menacing Mach Loop

Move: Fly (type and category inherited)

Power: 195 (compare Flynium-Z's 175)

Utilising its immense enthusiasm for flight, Salamence takes its target for a high speed, high altitude loop up to the stratosphere before descending at Mach 3 for their harsh landing.
Gen 1: Pinsir has no Bug STAB.

Gen 4: Finally, some decent Bug STAB!

Gen 6+: Screw Bug STAB!
Treble clef lines: **E**very **G**ood **B**oy **D**eserves **F**ootball

Treble clef spaces: **FACE**
I like it because the design harkens back to the early Xperia Zs like the ZR. It looks to be a comfortable phone to hold which for me forgives a lot of things. I even like Compact's lack of a plastic back because I am not a fan of my Z5C's glass back.
I like the back design.
I like back design of the XZ2 more than the previous Compacts. It reminds me of the Xperia SP, the most comfortable phone I've ever owned.
6 cylinders and a wheel.
That's the joke.
The infamous Landorus-T's Attack stat is so strong that with no EV investment into Attack, it's still stronger than Gliscor with full EV investment with a beneficial nature.

This means that a defensive Landorus-T will hit harder than a fully offensive Gliscor (prior to stay boosting and with the same items).
Which isn't to say that Yveltal is bad. It's actually doing very well in Ubers.
That's what mediocre means. It's like getting a C in a test.
The highest is Swampert at 535 which means the range between the lowest and highest is only 10.
Well yeah. Pidgey gets STAB on Tackle.
It's Jigglypuff from above!
I find it more consistent than the Blastoise transition. The swords and the deep blue colour were at least foreshadowed and it kept to the samurai theme very well.

The only thing that Blastoise carried over is the shell. The cannons were random and until Gen 6, it was a design that really didn't do anything.
I don't know. I could say the same about Wartortle -> Blastoise. At least Dewott -> had a consistent theme.
There have been sillier gimmicks. This one at least can be used well into the future. A slomo video is still a video.
New crisis for Equestria? More butt.

The Jedi are taking over? More butt.

Hotel? Trivago.
The Z5C has the following dimensions from GSMArena:

- H: 127 mm
- W: 65 mm 
- T: 8.9 mm
- StB: 68.9%

So if the reports are correct, it'll be more or less the same width (yay one-handed) and be around the Z5C's thickness taller. It'll still be shorter than the non-Compact XZ1.

TL;DR still a Compact.
For me, width is the bigger issue when it comes to one hand handling. The Compacts have always been my favourite phone to one hand type and swipe type and their narrower screens are a big factor. The extra height is less of an issue since I can comfortably reach the top logo of the Z5C without tiling the phone.
I like chunky sides. I don't like  the thin ass sides of the Nexus 6.
My thumb can easily reach the top speaker of the Z5 Compact. If the top of the XZ2C's is around that area, then it is fine.

Width is the bigger decider of "one-handed" or "regularly two-handed".
Honestly, I'd take my chances with raw spam. There are better ways of lifehack cooking spam. Aluminium foil + iron seems like a better combination.
Have you not heard of monitor lizards? They're the not-so-small kind of lizard.
You know what, this could work. I want this partly because it's hilarious when you know the source material and the lighter mood overall.
Grimmjow: I'm next!

Rukia: No. Why do you want to anyway?

Grimmjow: Because Kurosaki has done it so I'm gonna beat him at his own game.

Rukia: Still no.

Grimmjow: ... Is it because of that hole-in-stomach incident?
Is there an overlap between those that day it this way and those saying "iRaq" and "iRan"?
It could make SSIDs like "Pretty Fly for a Wi-Fi" more confusing instead of clever.
I've never heard of someone using the wrong pronunciation.
>Trivago

Like the Spanish Inquisition, that was completely unexpected. I've heard a lot of those ads in Indo's TV.
I kinda like it more. It's even quicker to say than SC-OO-BA.
Prepare the cannon!

*Spinning ball of lag*

Dammit Steve!
What about the width? That is the more important Compact dimension to me.
It might work with the reduced bezels and the narrower aspect ratio. The reason why I went with the Compact is width. My thumb can still reach the top speaker of the Z5C. My main issue is whether it has a similar width to the Z5C since width determines whether I can type one-handed.
Well at least they're still keeping the tradition of labelling where the NFC coil is.
I kinda liked it more than the "F-22 Lite" look of the X-35.
I like Maps for its more advanced POI system and satellite overlay. If the roads were more up to date, I'd use it in Qatar more though I do like Waze's speedometer.
It's already supported right now.
>So, is it better to spend 30-minutes following Waze through suburban neighborhoods and alleys than 27-minutes minutes following Google Maps into a highway traffic jam?

Yes. In my experience, Google Maps is horribly optimistic when heavy traffic jams occur.

Another factor is the quality of the Maps in certain countries. When I'm in Indonesia, I use Google Maps. In Qatar, I'd go with Waze for navigation since the roads are more up-to-date than Google's.
Yes but with the narrower screen aspect ratio, hopefully it'll be closer to or smaller than Nexus 6 width. That way it can still fit on my phone clamps for the car.
Here in Bumi Asri, Medan there is one little place that makes them for that same price as nasi goreng or mie Aceh.
Well now it's hot AND radioactive!
Future fuel money or 5 kwei tiau money.
Sounds like brilliant idea if you are going to eat two of them anyway. You can even add stuff in between like pickles.
I'm kinda fine with the mayonnaise.
I can understand if it is stuffed crust. I also understand because it's like eating a square sandwich, crust first.
> Dunsparce....What does it even do?

Flinch you with headbutts.
I did use one for my Gen 4 run knowing that it finally gets Water STAB that can use its 125 Attack. Sure it wouldn't get it until level 35 but the great bulk and power for something available so early is worth it in the long run.
I remember getting a Geodude just to manhandle Wattson with Magnitude.
I think it's fantastic
The 737 spawn follow the rail lines to return to their Renton feeding grounds. There, they mature into winged adults.
We get it, you vape.
First rule of Fightcrab: do not talk about Fightcrab.
Despite the different spelling, it sounds pretty much identical to its normal English name.
Blastoise is even more tortoise like. It's has thick, clawed land feet. Even its English name used tortoise as part of the portmanteau.
I wouldn't say cooler given how hot it is.
Yeah. What hair products does he use?
Was Masaki not aware that Ichigo could see ghosts as a child?

The difference with Kazui is that he can be told which one's which.
Gen 2 is my lost Generation. It's not the only Gen 2 which I thought was Gen 3.
For multiple accounts?
>Is 8GB the max, or all that you suggest I buy?

No but 8 is sufficient for most daily, RAM intensive programs i.e. Google Chrome. I myself went from the original 4 to 10 GB total by replacing one of the 2GB RAM with an 8 GB one and that alone made multitasking better.

>Will the SSD be plug and play, or will I need to get the OS on my current HD onto a flash drive and install it on the new SSD?

Pretty much what you said. The new SSD will be empty so you'd have to reinstall the OS at the minimum.
Well yeah. Subreddits in general tends to be self selecting.
That's now meta defining Garchomp was. It was a non-Legendary that got banned to Ubers which was only done once before with Wobbuffet due to the addition of Shadow Tag (before other Shadow Tag users and Ghosts could escape).

Nowadays, it's not that surprising but back then...
Hello Shock.
Emphasis.
'Nigger' is a more offensive word as it has direct connotations. 'Nigga' is more of a casual word thrown around friends who know each other. The movie Rush Hour used it as a joke.

It's no more offensive than the word "idiot" to me. There are worse ones.
Keyboard mostly. It stems from my typing habits on the PC as which also the opposite of touch typing.

I'm actually better touch typist on a phone with no sound or vibration feedback than I am with a full sized physical keyboard.
The only feedback is visual i.e. the key pop-ups.

Sound and vibration are disabled. Only the dialer has aural feedback.
And updated internals with USB Type C and thicker edges.
I would take the M7 if they'd make the HTC logo the home button and put the multitask button on the right. Oh, and a fingerprint scanner.
Six resistances is double the amount I'd go for. 3 maximum.
Yeah but I'd rather keep the resistances at 3 maximum. I'd make it resist Water (although Scald stays neutral) and Flying in addition to its self-resist.

I'd also buff hail to increase Ice type's Defense like Sandstorm does to Rock's Sp. Def.
Surface tension.
Not that ironic if they can't use gasoline because they are diesel trucks.
All I'm hearing is Hawaiian Rollercoaster Ride from Lilo and Stitch.
Like an entire tire's worth.
And Toddragon
It sounds like a badass Arabic greeting.
Orcean Man - Ween

And Skyolent Green is people!
If it can also fix the occasional times it won't charge from my power bank, I might consider fixing that over [the broken front glass.](https://i.imgur.com/tPqIvGJ.jpg)

At the moment, the phone is still fully functional and I have an Xperia Compact as a companion so I'm not entirely reliant on the 6.
Sheep and goat are suspiciously absent.
And that he thinks Tony Hawk is a bird.

All we know is... he's not the Stig, but he is the Stig's skateboarding cousin.
Also for me as a non-Australian.
Also there's a hole there.
I'd use mine as a car navigation system. Its size is perfect for onboard navigation.
[My Nexus](https://i.imgur.com/8pzREkw.png) needs [a bit more](https://i.imgur.com/tPqIvGJ.jpg) than a new battery.
Are Xperia screens that fragile? My sister lost her Z1 to a flying belt buckle.

Meanwhile, my [Nexus 6](https://i.imgur.com/tPqIvGJ.jpg) was dropped from table height, had subsequent drops and the whole screen is *still* working and responsive.
Yup, especially since Mudkip does not learn Recover in anyway. Wooper does at least.
3h 38mins according to AccuBattery and Gsam's estimate isn't far behind. I think that's still optimistic for mixed use, especially with random shutdowns at less than 40%. It's still on its original battery.

A far cry from its original 6+ hour SoT.
A powerbank is usually more useful for one overnight trip. Get one with 10,000 mAh or more and you are set.
Which I consider slow and good for overnight chargers. In the day time, I prefer 2.1A chargers or the out of the box 1.5A ones.
That used to be the case. Most phones nowadays come with 1.5A chargers out of the box and I regularly use 2.1A chargers for my phones. iPads come with 2.4A chargers.
Imagine the both of them as part of Ichigo's thought processes as he goes through normal life. Something like TFS Piccolo with Nail and Kami in his head.
Actually with the sun beaming down on it and no atmosphere to convect heat away, heat wouldn't be a problem. And even distribution might be.
My Tesla is best Tesla because no drag.
Zooming in using my phone's Reddit app, they're all B-2s.
This was how I ended up with my current phones. A large 2014 flagship (Nexus 6) and a small 2015 flagship (Xperia Z5C). Each one bought a year after release at lowered prices.
What? It's literally one of the first moves Claydol ever learns. It's claim to fame is as a Rock resistant, Ground immune Rapid Spinner.

As for Flygon, it can be taught Defog.
Can't wait for the 'Q' countries...
No but they may be smart enough to let us do all the hard work for them.
It's... Possible...
It's not a bad ability by itself seeing as it bypasses Screens and Subs. It's only disappointing since we were teased Shadow Tag beforehand.
Iron Fist is an old ability though since it was introduced before Tough Claws and other more powerful move boosting abilities.

I do get that it has the same boost as Reckless so it can play the original Hitmons duality. The thing is that Reckless moves are generally much more powerful than Iron Fist moves, nevermind the fact that Hitmonlee hits harder too.

That said, I wouldn't mind a larger boost for Iron Fist. I'm even willing to go for a full 50% boost since it has a smaller pool of affected moves than Tough Claws. Strong Jaw and Mega Launcher already set the precedence.
*If they use contact moves.
Back in Gen 5, Knock Off wasn't buffed.
Nah. Slow Start or Pressure would be sadder. Levitate at least allows it to dodge most entry hazards while resisting Stealth Rocks, which is great for a Rapid Spinner.
That's mitigated by the plethora of good third party Reddit clients. I'm perfectly fine with Relay on my Android devices. Hell I've been using it long enough to remember when it was called Reddit News.
Romanes eunt domus?
B - the Berate
Hawlucha has the high powered dual STABs and higher attack to rip teams apart.
>Sony are one of the most consistent OEMs in the industry. 

4 straight years of 4.6 inch 720p screens is incredible.
Current 25 year old me still does that, except with MusicBee.
Psychic?
Yes. In fact, let's make all of the final Fire starters part Fighting! Good old Charizard now has a regular Stealth Rock weakness!
To make it even more weak to Freeze Dry.
Croissantion
Nah, but people die when they are killed.
It's its best weapon against opposing Grass types that would resist its Water STAB and/or EQ. [Especially when used with Flynium-Z for a one-time base 160 Flying Attack.](http://www.smogon.com/dex/sm/pokemon/gyarados/)
Sakura: Nee-san, I think that's your fault.
Ichigo takes the closet instead.
Landorus' uninvested Attack is still stronger than Gliscor's fully invested one. It's *that* weak.
You utter bastard!
Here come the autonomous motorbikes...
Masaki: ... Why is there a giant poster of me in the house?
If it is kind, it'd make the other 737s more comfortable in its presence. Its longer landing gear can be distracting for such low riders.
Coming soon.

HHH

2019
To be continued
[it does for me](https://i.imgur.com/2nFhwyi.png) and I'm also on the Beta testing program.
Yup. The drive only mode also goes dark at night.
>They even regained territory for the Empire from past Sassanid invasions.

Thank *based* [Odenatus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Pf6PMSB8uo) for that.
The McLabour
Bolt Strike Tapu Koko.

Fire Blast Magnezone.

Origin Pulse Mega Blastoise.
V-Create Malamar.
Or Boomburst Mega Salamence.
Which can then have better coverage options in Overheat or Draco Meteor.
Ichigo: Uh... I have good taste?

Masaki: ... I'll let this one slide.
Pacific Rim: the Last Jaedi
All while having a crush on Saber-senpai.

Artoria: Trace on.

*projects cheeseburger steak*
Again, Stealth Rocks. Definitely an improvement but passive damage still hurts. It's just direct damage that's nullified.
Give. Glaceon. Freeze Dry.
Stealth Rocks still owns Charizard.
So all Sturdy Mons rise in usage.
Only to be resisted by **7** different types.
W H O O P S
AWAKEN MY MASTERS!
Changes fast is an understatement. I've lived most of my childhood years here and a **lot** has changed. I was here when Palm Tree Island was a thing, the airport had one runway and the taxis were orange.

It's a bit more surprising when something old I remember was still around like the [Food Palace on Salwa Road](https://goo.gl/maps/bLMsmqutBpm) with the playground intact as well as the very oval roundabout with the flyover near it. The Umm Ghuwailina roundabout (now a traffic light intersection) had a large, squat clock tower that's now taken down.
Getting the HTC One M8 made it a deal breaker for me.
I like the ease at which I can use NFC to pair my phone with the Sony SRS-XB10 portable speaker. I wish more Bluetooth things have that.
This would be the case for me if I didn't have [one of these.](https://cdn.shopclues.com/images/thumbnails/70102/320/320/1185606275744216cv12d1493970179.jpg)

NFC Bluetooth pairing makes me wish more Bluetooth devices have this feature. Tap to connect and tap again to disconnect.
Samurott, obviously.
Noted.
Bug is the most resisted attacking type in the game:

* Fire
* Flying
* Ghost
* Poison
* Fighting
* Steel
* Fairy

It only has three resistances:

* Ground
* Grass
* Fighting
To be fair, Bug is the most resisted type even without Rock in the mix. I'd remove Fairy's resistance before making Rock resistant to it.
This is where the fun begins.
"Mr. Joestar... Please understand... Please, figure it out..."
**ORA!**
The Cha Cha Circulation has to be my favourite.
Sort of. It's the ban list for UU and below but it's really called Borderline. BL2-4 follow the same pattern.
I can see Scizor being introduced among the Gen 4 cross-gen evos. Scizor's 500 BST can be bumped to 520 for Scizor with the extra 20 stats going to defenses.
Magnezone's Volt Switch hits harder and many OU Steel types aren't weak to Earthquake anyway. It's also less worried about incoming Burns, unfazed by Toxic and has far more resistances.
Magnezone still does it better given that it can easily switch in to a Steel attack. It can also hit harder with better Electric STAB and gain momentum with Volt Switch.
Aizen interfered so it became a... wash.

(☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
What next? That he's not a guy?
[Next]

*click*
So this is how liberty dies. With thunderous applause.
I am the Senate.
EA: Oh shit.
Department of Energy becomes the Department of UNLIMITED POWER
The US Senate gets renamed to the US High Ground.
Not all of them. Krookodile didn't get any worse and 3D really suits the geometric Cryogonal. Even Druddigon improved. Eelektross went from smiling, tapdancing eel to killer windsock of death so it depends your perspective.

I'll give you that Hyderigon and Haxorus got worse.
Well it's first 3D model in Battle Revolution lacked the sand.
It wants to be more approachable to Anakin Skywalker.

Also because it can also not have Sand Stream as an ability.
I think it looks slightly more terrifying since you can actually see its mouth head on. The old sprite makes it look like a smiling, tapdancing guy in an eel costume.
The thing about its old sprite is it looks... jolly. You can't see its mouth head on so it looks like its smiling and its idle animation makes it look like it's tapdancing.
Something about its Gen 5 sprite makes it look like a guy in a suit which dramatically reduces its intimidation factor.

It's 3D model on the other hand looks... unnerving. It actually looks like it's going chase you with its wriggling motion.

Maybe it's because we can see it's jawless mouth fully. It sprite looks like it's smiling.
It's old PBR model is much the same way. It's static animation is chill and its arms rotate on their long axis. Its attacking animation is frenetic and ends with a full rotation of its floating head.
Case in point: Staraptor Vs Swellow
Magikarp if only for its idle animation compared to other fish Pokémon, especially its counterpart Feebas.

Staraptor since you get to see it's majestic wings unfold.
Palkia's unused 3-D walking animation made it even better.
Also Carlton approved.
Ah the one Pokémon scary enough to make me not evolve something.
Yeah but it's really the Fire equivalent of Discharge.
Snover.
Except for Basculin. That thing gets decent stats and Adaptability.
Opponent used Close Combat.
I'd make it SE against Rock types instead. Ground doesn't resist Fire anyway.
I do wish one other Pokémon gets FD: Glaceon.
[Pangoro, for obvious reasons.](https://youtu.be/NFjE5A4UAJI)
I'd give Ocean Man to Manaphy. It's closer to being man-like than mega orca.
It kinda was one. Probably got sick of being weak to Sneaky Pebbles so it went for Dark to minimize weaknesses and becoming the perfect Psychic assassin.
Ooh... Grass/Fairy Xerneas would be a nice nerf to it. Now it's vulnerable to Yveltal's Oblivion Wing as well as Mega Salamence. Ho-oh just becomes a bigger nuisance to it.
Kommo-o has better stats than Guzzlord as well as a good array of stat boosting moves from the obligatory Dragon Dance to its unique Z-Move.
a.k.a. the one I always miss when running through Hoenn.
Because it's not a bell. We now have Bronzong for that. It's a wind chime hence its name *Chime*cho.
Thank the localizers for that. Their original Japanese names were less... imaginative.
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one.
For the karma.
Cara have toes too. You even have the choice of positive or negative.
From my point of view Soul Society is evil.
Omae wa mou shindeiru.
*When attacked, it violently contracts its muscles and jettisons its respiratory organs out of its anus in a process called eviceration. Needless to say, the predator becomes confused.*

*To understand this, imagine you're getting mugged and in response you pulled your pants down bent o- actually I don't think this really helps.*

-ZeFrank
Disclaimer: do not use on tires. Will substantially degrade performance.
[Of course. Above average performance with terrible fuel economy at full blast.](https://i.imgur.com/aUF0t1x.jpg)
"Sir?"

"**What?**"

"Are we taking this too literally?"

"**No you idiot. We were told to comb the desert so we're combing it.**"
Tried that.

Now it has a spear through the engine.
The most annoying part is how the "New California" text is placed.
>What’s your wear and tear threshold when using old devices?

[Surprisingly high](https://i.imgur.com/4Rxh8hw.jpg) as long as everything still works, which this one still does. My sister's and uncle's devices got their screens broken and rendered non-functional while mine has endured many drops with only broken front glass to show for it.

>Do you care more about performances more than looks? Or vice-versa?

Clearly the former takes precedence given the state of my Nexus 6.

>What’s the oldest device you’d be willing to use?

The HTC One M8. My brother still uses his.
I'm not sure how he'd find a metagame festooned with high ground (a.k.a. Landorus-T).
Now if only Glaceon would get it...
So uncivilised.
Player Anakin forfeits.
The Iron Midget
Of course they *will* 

Your question is *should* they?
Make Archer's hair blue and you have the accurate transformation line from Super Shirou God to Super Shirou Blue.

Ultra Instinct Shirou vs Jirenmesh when?
You mean the Wailord Winnebago.
Trace...
\>Edna Mode

\>Cape

Pick one
It also got a 20 base HP boost too.
UNLIMITED YOGURT!
Just don't call his drawings doodles.
Did you ever hear of the tragedy of Dart Plagueis the Bullseyes?
Even better.
Thundercat
So use a finger that isn't registered.
This is my experience too. I wipe down my fingers before using it.
Even then, it could be useful for some Pokémon. Quiver Dance is a must have if you are running Lilligant. I even used Metal Sound for Magezone.
>Well but Sword Dance + Dmg Move is basically the same as 2x the Dmg Move isn't it?

On the first two turns they are but from the third turn onwards, the one with SD will outdamage the unboosted one. It makes it harder for the next Pokémon to tank hits since SD counteracts a resistance's damage nerf.
As a Nexus 6 owner who has been around Sony devices, the maximum volume output is abysmal compared to the 6 and the venerable HTC One M8 that my brother still uses.
At the cost of 3 days of prep time for Mohammed.
Always two there are, no more, no less.
"That may be but... *you're not dealing with the average Kryptonian anymore*..."
It'd be fascinating even if they don't fight given the vast difference in their skeletal compositions: cartilage v bone.
And it has the potential toxic status effect. It's main downside is accuracy. Boobs at least face the same direction as your eyes.
Anakin: *sweating intensifies*
Probably tries to live a quiet life in some Japanese coastal town.
Technically, they do. The hardware is all there. It's mainly software that's in the way for some of them.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I see Wishiwashi has an avian equivalent.
They're still being made in certain models and trims.
[You can tell which hand I use my device with.](https://i.imgur.com/lgbDSco.jpg)

Also, many of them are actually folders if you swipe up on them instead of tap, revealing yet more icons.
Some still do. None of the Google phones (Nexus and Pixel) have it since the very first one (Nexus One).
Foresight/Scrappy would introduce back Fighting.

Ground can be bypassed by spamming Thousand Arrows from the second hit onwards.
Damn Sneaky Pebbles.
Mega Lucario now has Adaptability Zen Headbutt!
Normal/Fighting/Flying Staraptor.

Dual Reckless STABs with STAB Close Combat! Bonus Stealth Rock neutrality.
And be even more scared of Zekrom!
The thing though, Lava Plume and Discharge are resisted by the very types that are immune to its effects (the latter only from Gen 6 onwards).

Scald has the same effect as Lava Plume while also hitting naturally Burn immune targets for massive damage and being a single target attack so it's safe for teammates.
Energy Ball was originally 80 but buffed to 90 in Gen 6. Leaf Blade was indeed 70 in Gen 3.
Either one would improve the move.

Hydro Pump with a 5% boost would be Origin Pulse minus the potential Mega Launcher boost. Rotom-Wash would appreciate it the most since it literally has no alternatives for Water STAB barring Hidden Power. Gunk Shot got an uptick in usage when its accuracy went from Focus Miss level (70) to Stone Miss level (80) although the introduction of Fairy types may have also contributed to its use in non-Poison types.

An additional effect would improve it but not exactly make it game breaking, especially when he Sheer Force users that can learn it (the Totodile line and Bagon) aren't Special Attackers. Existing users would use it for the same reasons as always (power) unless the additional effect is frequent enough and useful like Seed Flare's.
Woo! Now I can use it on my *next* phone.
Duwang. Beautiful.
Not metal enough to be Steel typed though.
It's like a Gen 5 Z-move.
Well yeah. That's a not a novel concept. That's pretty much our iPad 4.
Noibat and Noivern. With battle permanent forms, Arceus and Silvally count.
I count them separately.
Why not ludicrous speed?
[My podcast app forces a square aspect ratio for the thumbnail so it looks taller and thinner than it should.](https://i.imgur.com/IJ6H5ds.png)
It's interesting that Flying was listed first. That's pretty rare in Pokémon. Discounting alternative forms, there are to date only three species with Flying as their primary type.
A contacts app on your tablet. Even the iPad has contacts.
The lack of magnification thing is less of a bother for me since I use Gboard as my default keyboard. It can move the cursor by swiping left/right from the spacebar.

As a result, I don't use it all that often.
Yeah. Robbing a bank requires some teamwork.
So Black Lanterns then?
It's way stronger though.
Those flesh ribbons make it seem less designed for speed.
Slowking's thoughts are too fast for any body.
Forretress can roll. Mudsdale can't.
It's mainly because it's a deep sea fish. This high defense is to cope with the high water pressure and the low speed is because of the low amount of food available down there so metabolism is conserved.
That and Z-moves.
It also gets Z-moves to bust through healthier things.
Quick! To the Bat-Copter!
* Better distribution. Made even better with USUM making it available to more Mons like Rotom and Kartana.

* Defog also removes screens.

* Defog makes it easier to land a hit after it is used. Things like Sleep Powder and Stone Edge become guaranteed hits (if they stay in).
Solgaleo is down in D tier.
Yveltal is really enjoying the new Psychic legends running around.
Real seals swim salty.
[HOKUTO HYAKURETSU KEN!﻿](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6yBlvjQB3w)
I don't know. I kinda like Electivire more than Electabuzz.
Wow. It doesn't even get physical STAB until level 54. Good thing Gunk Shot is a move tutor in later games.
Jump Kick would fit Unfezant and improve it quite a bit. That and Swords Dance.

Basically a discount Dodrio.
What's a Seagod to a Land Believer?
There are uglier Pokémon than Trubbish. Binacle for one is a bigger eyesore (until it evolves).
Trubbish is like Grimer but with a more sympathetic design.
I wanna keep Magneton as the the in-between transition as Magnezone's design is based on a complete fusion of Magneton.
But then what shall we name /r/stunfisk?
It looks more like a tiger to me and is just as threatening. I kinda warmed up to its looks far more than its more broken genie counterpart.
Enjoy it while it lasts.
I said **slowest** as in Speed, not level.
I'm gonna call it Kenshadow.
*ora intensifies*
Well now it's just Super Saiyan Blue. Although you now also have Super Saiyan Blue Kaioken x20.
With a 115 Special Attack, it'd be the strongest special attacking Dragon type in the game beating Dragonite (100) and Kingdra (95) until Gen 3 rolls around. It'd also be the slowest fully evolved Dragon type too (55).
Again, that could be more of a personal experience. My forgettable generation is Generation 2. I have no inclination to play it nor any nostalgia about it. Hell, I thought many of the Gen 2 mons were Gen 3. The only Gen 2 Pokémon I remember are competitively popular ones like Scizor and Tyranitar.
Sinnoh was so chill, it got jazz and snow.
It's the most elegantly designed fish Pokémon with a unique butterfly motif going on to match its ability to learn Silver Wind. I do think its prevo, Finneon, is better designed. Utility-wise, it gets Defog and provides a Water-immune switch in one Pokémon, something only Mantine can boast.
My Z5 Compact does that anyway even when not charging. It's not called Handwarmer for nothing.
Wingtips.

There's a DC-10 parked behind an MD-11 near the British Airways 747. Other than wingtips, there's the fuselage length (the MD's is longer) and the horizontal stabilizer size (the DC's is bigger).
>If things stop working when you are very high up, you will fall down more straight down when approaching land.

The Gimli Glider and Air Transat 236 would like to dispute that. More altitude means more potential forward speed you can get. 
You mean the [Hypertonic Lion Tamer](https://youtu.be/EuravJpW7kY)?
I'd put Sun Stone for Espeon and Moon Stone for Umbreon since both stones were around in Gen 2 and references their time based evolution.
[Great, now I can't unsee.](https://i.imgur.com/WH0HnNz.png)
Probably not Yveltal. Sucker Punch does massive damage and isn't that weak to its coverage moves bar Stone Edge.
Yveltal solos it.
Or an Air Balloon.
That's because he's a faker who can only summon swords.
Well he did lose his first one to the petrol-flinging car Stand and got an identical one in Pakistan.
*Gone away is the Blackbird*

*Here to stay is the snowed bird*
Now with new Ground and Dark coverage.
Also the distinct lack of (not Northern) Ireland.
*throbbing intensifies*
1) **Shun Shun Rikka**: no more broken things with Crazy Diamond restoration, a shield that doubles as a platform (and possibly an umbrella?) and a precise cutting projectile to troll people with

2) **Gonryomaru**: never worry about dead batteries again

3) **The Power**: as a baseline, this is great for enhancing durability and physical labour
Only if it was preceded by **Shatter**.
Uryuu has bigger parental issues and the arsenal to match. He even has a deeper relation to Mayuri than Ichigo.
>The true Batman would be Uryuu with Yhwach as Ras Al Ghoul

But who is Talia? Haschwalth? Oh, the implications.
Yeah but Urahara has his own Alfred in Tessai.
Reshiram does get Roost and has similar stats:

* HP: 90
* Att: **100**
* Def: **120**
* SpA: **100**
* SpD: **150**
* Spe: **120**

Beware of sneaky pebbles.

Palkia's counterpart is better offensively but a slight reduction in bulk and speed:

* HP: 90
* Att: **100**
* Def: **120**
* SpA: **120**
* SpD: **150**
* Spe: **100**
Pushbullet works well enough and has the polish that Join lacks (not for the lack of trying. I don't need SMS nor do I need universal copy-paste. It's all send links to other devices and it works brilliantly for that.
You can still target its weak SpDef.
Palkia and Reshiram get Lugia's old stats.
Buzzwole got worse:

* HP: 79
* Att: **107**
* Def: **139**
* SpA: **139**
* SpD: 53
* Spe: 53

Sadly, its special movepool is only Snore, Hidden Power and Round. And it got worse HP, Speed and Attack than before.
>(and so do some Megas)

This depends on whether you apply the stat boosts to the new stats (thereby keeping HP unaffected) or you just rotate the existing  Mega stats.

The former leads to completely new stat distributions (except for Mega Glalie) such as this one for MegaMence:

* HP: **100**
* Att: **105** (+10)
* Def: **185** (+50)
* SpA: 90 (+10)
* SpD: **120** (+10)
* Spe: **100** (+20)

The latter means that Megas don't get to buff their Attack so Pure/Huge Power Megas don't hit as hard.
Carbink becomes the Special only Deoxys:

* HP: 50
* Att: 50
* Def: 50
* SpA: **150**
* SpD: 50
* Spe: **150**

Salamence becomes a damn good wall with Intimidate with decent Attack:

* HP: **100**
* Att: 95
* Def: **135**
* SpA: 80
* SpD: **110**
* Spe: 80

If we apply Mega boosts to the new stats, then MegaMence becomes a stupidly good physical wall:

* HP: **100**
* Att: **105** (+10)
* Def: **185** (+50)
* SpA: 90 (+10)
* SpD: **120** (+10)
* Spe: **100** (+20)

Palkia becomes a grounded Lugia without reliable recovery.

* HP: **100**
* Att: 90
* Def: **120**
* SpA: **100**
* SpD: **150**
* Spe: **120**

AV Magnezone?:

* HP: 60
* Att: 70
* Def: 70
* SpA: **115**
* SpD: **130**
* Spe: 95

Although Eviolite Magneton might work better with:

* HP: 70
* Att: 50
* Def: 60
* SpA: 95
* SpD: **120**
* Spe: 70
It still gets 131 Def but with only 13 HP to work with. Still, 230 SpA with Beast boost and a trollish 101 Speed means it can actually use Autotomize!
Deo-A gets 150/180/180 bulk with Recover.

Deo-D becomes a 160/160 Special sweeper.

Deo-S becomes a slightly better Guzzlord.
Since Speed becomes HP and in turn becomes Attack:

He who is fast shall be fat.

He who is fat shall hit like a truck.
Deo-A:

* HP: **150**
* Att: 50
* Def: **180**
* SpA: 20
* SpD: **180**
* Spe: 20

Deo-D:

* HP: 90
* Att: 50
* Def: 70
* SpA: **160**
* SpD: 70
* Spe: **160**

Deo-S:

* HP: **180**
* Att: 50
* Def: 95
* SpA: 95
* SpD: 95
* Spe: 95
But decent Speed.
Well not if it's rotated:

* HP: 13
* Att: 65
* Def: **131**
* SpA: **230**
* SpD: 53
* Spe: **101**

This'd be great if had good Special Attacking moves but it's in the same boat as Buzzwole: shit.
* HP: 30
* Att: **160**
* Def: **110**
* SpA: 65
* SpD: 65
* Spe: **110**
WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Is there a way to learn this power?
I just use the URL.
Bismarck *always* has a plan.
It's strategically placed adipose tissue.
ｔｈｅｙ　ｎｅｖｅｒ　ｇｏｔ　Ｔｈａｉｌａｎｄ
>You can’t hit ice types with sheer cold but you can hit flying types

This is actually a new mechanism. Before Gen 7, it hits everything bar Sturdy users and Shedinja.
BUT NOT JUST ANY MAHOGANY BUT MAHOGANY FROM THE PLANET OF MALCHIOR 7, WHERE THE TREES ARE 300 FEET TALL AND BREATHE FIRE!
No I mean STAB (1.5) × Aura boost (1.33) is close enough to a standalone Adaptability boost. That's why I said "stacked".
Heeeeeeeey yaaaaaaaaa...
You ain't never had a Sith like me.
Two pills. A red one and a blue one.
>What's the worst that could happen?

Not the best thing to say in a work of fiction.
Little Boy
They aren't but they are a kind of field effect as they boost any attack of the appropriate type as long as its user is in the field. They also don't stack with more users active.

The aura boost stacked together with STAB makes the attacks as powerful as if it had Adaptability.
Twinkle Tackle: **Fairy Funny Funtime Faint**

Continental Crush: **Craggy Continental Craton Crash**

All Out Pummeling: **Rapid Repetitive Rocket Rush**
Kills all vampires and non-ascended Pillar Men.
ゴゴゴゴ Moonraze Maelstorm
It's specifically 50% better.
Photons That Blaze The Heavens
I frequently watch them on my Compact with it's tiny 4.6 inch screen. I have to hold it closer but it's a lot less unwieldy compared to the Nexus 6. It helps that it runs rings around it in battery life.
>The larger display is always a **plus**

Well duh. They even named them like that.
Gyro Ball on Magnezone? Flash Cannon is a better Steel STAB for it.
Rotom-W's lack of vulnerability to most entry hazards makes it a great Defogger.
Ghost/Fighting is thus far unresisted by any Pokémon. Everything takes at least one neutral hit. The only type combo with a natural resistance to this is Normal/Ghost. Other dual type combos do have great neutral coverage but have existing resists like Pyroar for Ghost/Fairy.
It'd also be the only one with any complete resistance against it. Everything else takes at least a neutral hit from one of the hits.
>Drampa loses Outrage STAB

You mean Draco Meteor. 60 base Attack makes it terrible user of it.
And you lost half your health.
Yveltal since it is way bulkier and more versatile. Even in power, Darkrai is outclassed since Dark Aura give it a free 1.33× boost and its base SpA is only 4 less.

Darkrai's main advantages are Speed and Nasty Plot which makes it a great user of Black Hole Eclipse.
It might be more effective as a win condition, much like regular Shedinja is. Remove everything with a Dark/Ghost attack and Mold Breaker Pokémon.
The Rotom formes were OU because they were part Ghost which was useful in the pre-Defog buff era.

Pure Bug Shedinja still gets wrecked by passive damage although it does become the only Pokémon the game that is immune to Marshadow's STAB attacks.
new evo, Houdin?
More like "What if GameFreak fed Chandelure some steroids and removed coverage?"
I think what Adaptability means is having characteristics that mostly work across various scenarios rather than more exact solutions.
I thought that was a fault with Showdown's implementation and that it goes full physical if works off the Attack stat. 
Rear wheel traction. 
He prefers them extra rare nowadays. 
Dammit Kars, stop making more. 
Hang in there, man.
What a bizarre question.
Ah one of the original Magic Guard users. Back in Gen 5 with the many Fighting types, low power Knock Off and Normal Clefable, it was a great Pokémon. It was a nightmare for Stall teams and could flip the tables on fast teams with Trick Room.

These days with the buffed Knock Off everywhere, Fairy typed Clefable outclassing it and powerful Megas (and later Z-Moves) bashing at its bulk, it faces a daunting environment to make itself useful. It does at least have an advantage against Poison type stall-warts like Mega-Venusaur and Toxapex though Alolan-Muk would consume it faster than a McRib.
Gen 6 also buffed Dark types by removing Steel's resistance to it and making Knock Off splashable on anything with a decent Attack stat. Being a slow Psychic type was detrimental.
The flashlight chop seems a lot more deliberate than most gestures.

Even if I had these issues, I'd rather use the flashlight from the quick settings, the same place where you toggle airplane mode and Wi-Fi.
I mean they're half right. It is a plane.
I fricking loved how Ultra Instinct is used to dodge hits while charging a Kamehameha.
I'd like to think that all of his arrows are Zangetsu shaped. Even the bow is shaped like two Zangetsus welded at the pommel.

His most devastating technique would be to use surrounding reishi to create multiple arrows simultaneously and rain hell upon the target.
It's the hair, isn't it?
Tarot cards.
Fair enough. I still find the homescreen less convenient since it can add two more steps compared to the gesture when the phone is not used. You don't even have to look at your phone.
I prefer a sharp knife for smaller effort required to cut.
Did you actually try this out or is it more of an assumption? And if it is 'mental', why would it matter to people how you use your phone? 

Besides, it's for a flashlight so it's not that frequently used out in public, especially daytime. The double twist for camera is much more public.
>[The term tsunami, meaning "harbour wave" in literal translation, comes from the Japanese 津波, composed of the two kanji 津 \(tsu\) meaning "harbour" and 波 \(nami\), meaning "wave". \(For the plural, one can either follow ordinary English practice and add an s, or use an invariable plural as in the Japanese.\[9\]\) While not entirely accurate, as tsunami are not restricted to harbours, tsunami is currently the term most widely accepted by geologists and oceanographers.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tsunami#Tsunami)
Clearly false. Yanmega can't learn Fly.
HM02, bitches.
Kinda difficult for a flying snake dragon to play football without feet. I guess tails can count and there is one position where hands are legal.
Currently, the "XZ" phones are the flagships. The XZ2 is the sequel to the current XZ1 which was the sequel to the XZ.
The convenience will outweigh any superficial loss in dignity. Who knows? They might find it cool since non-Moto phones can't do it.
I'd do that shit on front of people all the time. Plus it's super convenient. No need to unlock the phone or even turn the screen.
It's a *solid* choice.
Well it's not my hand, that's for sure.
[ZA WARUDO is gonna roll me.](https://youtu.be/-nArBU0lxls?t=11s)
Seems like there's an easy solution.
There was a Beechcraft in between the Cessna and fighter jet.
It's fucking raw!
>Prismarina finished it of with Dazzling Gream

Did you mean Primarina?
I can see why you only did it once.
Mold Breaker renders the target's defensive ability useless against it. Sturdy? Ignored. Disguise? Gone. Magic Guard? Have some sneaky pebbles.
By default, they all have the ability to power up their primary type (Grass/Fire/Water) when their health drops below 1/3rd. This effect stays for as long as they are within this range.
I find them more like last ditch effort hits rather than a sweeper power up.
I payed attention to Sturdy in Gen 5. It's why I kept Double Kick on Sawk.
I'd like that for Infestation.
[Kaio-what?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_NPk4Yvago)
Electric Seed boost Def, not Sp Def. It's handy given that most priority attacks are physical.
That's Scrappy. Mold Breaker ignore's ability granted resistances and immunities.
It's also great for ignoring Multiscale, Disguise and Magic Bounce.
Yep. It basically bypasses an ability that *directly* hinders an attack's effectiveness like Sturdy, Disguise, Multiscale and Filter. It even bypasses Magic Bounce.

Immunities and resistances via field effects like Desolate Land aren't bypassed.
Huge Power Mega Durant: Mega Mawile with Speed.
All of the Burn Heals.
Normal/Fairy with Regenerator. All 100 extra stats go to Defense.
\>Sets up Trick Room

\>Sends in Pokémon faster than MegaChomp while it is still up
It's basically the large, hollow white sword with the small black sword inside it. It lasted all of one page before being destroyed.
>Performance improvements


Cryogonal. I expected Avalugg-like stats but was pleasantly surprised at the fast, physically frail Regice stats with recovery. I like geometric Pokémon and this one is no exception.
Nobody expects the Durant Inquisition!
Vsauce
Tetris
The normal Pokémon achieved regular Super Saiyan. The UBs achieved Super Saiyan God.
Oh hai rover.
An individual.
Great, now I want a Pokémon racing game with a mountain pass track.
ＭＡＳＡＫＡ ！
Boy, that *Escalade*d quickly.
But where's the table?
Ah, I can see City Centre.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I think the 'a' in the middle makes it easier to say. Transitioning from the 't' to the 'b' is orally disruptive.
To be perfectly honest, this is genuinely interesting stuff. They've probably spun many objects in a weightless environment before but there's something mesmerising about one of those things floating in mid air like a propellor.
So "free Nazis"?
The shape of the eyes make less sense without the X. It's also too much of one hue. The silver X helped to break up the colour monotony.
No Xperias whatsoever. Since you seem to only be comparing the current year flagships, the ones to add are the XZ1, the XZ1 Compact and the XZ Premium.

Also, front fingerprint scanners and/or front capacitive buttons in light grey to add some distinctiveness without detracting emphasis on the screen.
Most Pokémon with prominent tails would look weird.

Torterra without its tree.

Most dragons with wings or wing-like appendages would look weird such as Salamence and Druddigon.

Serperior without its collar.

Metagross without the X.

An interesting *inverse* would be Lucario with it's "shorts". It's mostly why I prefer its Mega design over the regular form.
NO, AVDOL! THIS IS NOT THE TIME TO BURN IT!
That means its partner is still around. Look for any suspicious reflections.
I'd say 4.6" for one that lacks a physical keyboard like the KeyONE. I've had two of them with pre-2017 screen-to-body ratios and they work fine.
1800 feet is just under 549 metres. [There are four observation decks on structures we've built that are higher than that.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Observation_deck#List_of_public_observation_decks)
It's important to keep your tranny well lubricated.
ＮＯ ＷＥＡＫＮＥＳＳ 
Non-Stand users can't see most Stands.
I mean there is an episode of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure which focuses on a Stand with powers based on rock, paper, scissors.
That's because it's training. Never skip leg day.
Good bo- wait a minute.
\>used Taunt

*Curses! Foiled again!*
Unfezant is a surprise for me in Randoms. It has a high level, nigh guaranteed crits with a high Attack.
Gonna need a senzu bean for that one.
Not the Nexus 6. It has an earthquake generator for a vibration motor. Even on soft surfaces you can still hear it.
No, that's Mega Moltres.
It's will to fly is so strong it doesn't even need to flap them to remain airborne.
Because it was never built.
The main difficulty is attaining the RAW images, which they haven't yet implemented.
He's the human Buzzwole.
He's Alolan Crasher Wake.
I agree with your entire list so I'll make another one that excludes the stuff you've mentioned.

Gen 2: Time

Gen 3: Double battles

Gen 4: Wi-Fi battling/trading

Gen 5: ~~Landorus~~ Full time animated sprites

Gen 6: 3-D models

Gen 7: No gyms
Now that's just *plane* wrong.
"Y-you too."
A third poster in the comment arrives to bemoan the opportunistic ease at which one can get "gold" in such comment chains in an attempt to lure out said gold.
The American species can be very territorial, driving off intruders with their combined war cry.

*MURICA!* 
*moist*
Shatter, Za Warudo.
Hinjaku! Hinjaku! 
Hakai
The PC of Theseus 
*Gastly
[Actually quite a lot more than just Pichu:](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Baby_Pokémon)

- Cleffa
- Igglybuff
- Togepi
- Azurill
- Budew (day)
- Chingling (night)
- Munchlax
- Riolu (Day)
Crabhammer would be an awesome move for Scizor.
Is it because an uninvested Lando-T still hits harder than a fully invested Gliscor?
Technically it's a Durantheater but that might be too long and can be misread as Duran Theater.
It looks like something straight out of the Wipeout racing game series.
Suspect test money in politics metagame.
Yeah but they can't hear it.
Takei: Oh my.
>the Loli Spirit

༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Yare yare daze...
My name is Artoria Pendragon. You ate my food and stole my sheath. Prepare to die.
Yes yes yes. Oh my Garr.
[No No No No No](https://youtu.be/fKEZFRcuEqw)
Here's a question. Will I hit you with my right fist or my left? Try to guess. 
All I can think of is Andrew W. K.'s Ready to Die playing in the background. 
It's roughly the energy output of the entire Morioh power grid. 
Wyrms
Ooh. A shiny. 
*Waku waku! intensifies*

*Doki Doki! intensifies*
I know my parents use them on their phones. I don't use them simply because my phone's back is not flat at all so they won't stick for long. My other phone has a spot for a lanyard.
Bugs? You tell us.
With enough thrust, even a brick will fly. 
They do look a bit pale.
FedEx direct delivery. 
I mean the one in the OP could be less angular and lose the wings. Nincada does share the same body plan and forelegs. 

But I get a massive kick out of Pokémon evolutionary line that follows the life cycle of its IRL inspiration. 
Mantises grow by continually moulting. They hatch out as nymphs which are tiny, flightless versions of the adults. Think Nincada to Ninjask as cicadas also lack a pupa stage. 
That works for Scyther because that's how mantises grow.
I'd just make lose the wings so that it mirrors IRL baby mantises.
It works with Scyther given how mantises grow. Baby mantises are tiny, flightless versions of the adults.
Actually, mantises do not undergo complete metamorphosis and thus lack pupa stage and a preceding larval stage. [Baby mantises are really just tiny, flightless versions of their adult selves.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mantis#/media/File:Mantises_have_hatched.jpg)
Oh snap!
>I don't want every contact to share the same featured photos. 

It would show up as an option for contact that is used in the People box. At the very least, that list of recognised faces should be present as an option when selecting from the Photos app for a contact or profile. Currently, it just lists your entire camera roll or your device folders. All those image recognised categories? Not present. 

>that the Sharing tab would be just a camera roll, 

See if that were the case, the name Sharing doesn't make as much sense and should be Shared.

To be honest, I'm not sure where they want to take this tab as they seemed have put all sharing features under one tab so shared and sharing photos weirdly placed together. 

>All the shared albums would be in a "View All" popout to bring up the "Task List" of albums, also on the Hamburger Menu.

Or they could put it in the same carousel as the People and Things categories since they seem to want to reserve the slide out Hamburger Menu for administrative tasks like freeing space and archiving.

They seem to want to push this sharing thing more front and center seeing how the Suggestions carousel looms above the shared albums.
No but I'd rather not be confronted by a pool of photos of me shared by others when I open the Sharing tab.

One thing I would like to see is the Google Contacts app using the feature photo of facially recognised people as the contact pictures (assuming you've opted in for facial recognition and Contacts permission).
>It's a pool of photos shared with you, along with the albums, and all the pertinent information along with them.

That's what I don't want as the default. I don't want a pool of photos like that presented to me, especially if they aren't **mine**. I want that view hidden away.

I like that the Sharing tab keeps track of photos that are shared with me AND shared by me.

Bear in mind that Google Photos is my first and only photo management service I've ever used beyond a file manager. 
Unless the rolls can distinguish between photos that I share and photos shared with me, I don't find the camera roll view all that useful in the Sharing tab. If they can, then they'll appear as automatic albums near the top as "Shared by Me" and "Shared by Others". That shared camera roll can be another feature of the current Sharing tab instead of the default view of the tab. While we're modifying the Sharing tab, I'd like the ability to minimise the *Suggestions* section as it can be constricting on an Xperia Compact device and not a feature I often use.

The task list album view makes sense to me as it shows me *how* they are shared and by whom or to whom they pertain. Duplicates *between* albums are permitted and that's why I'm leaning away from the camera roll: it doesn't distinguish when you share the same photo more than once.
>that's why it's not "for curated memories"

Then what do you use Albums for? I organise albums by events and because they are for posterity and contain the good photos, they are in effect "curated memories".

>Moreover, the camera roll IS the main example of photo organization laid out by the app, and by all photo apps.

I know this and that's why I'm fine with it as a master list of *MY* own photos. The camera roll is a simple, master list of all good photos ordered by date with each photo appearing ONCE. I'm fine with this arrangement for my photos as well as it having its own tab.

Since sharing can be done out of order, at anytime and done multiple times to the same photo, a camera roll is inadequate for me to keep track of them at a glance as each photo appears just once. The current view shows instances of sharing as albums (that are hidden from the Albums tab by default) rather than a camera roll of photos that have shared. The former is more useful for me than the latter but I can see the merits of both and I can see how they can co-exist. I just prefer the album task list as the default for sharing rather than one big list, even that list can be resorted or segmented.
The Albums tab does contain actual machine learning generated categories like "Sky", "Aeroplane" and "Lake" as well as faces. The actual Albums are more like memories for events rather than groups of similar photos. They're kind of like playlists for photos based on events.

As for Sharing, I prefer it to be bunched up like how Inbox does with email instead of Gmail's default view. Making it more like a task list makes more sense to me than a camera roll, especially when the same photo can appear multiple times in the Sharing tab.
To keep the three tabs (Photos, Albums and Sharing) different.

- Photos is essentially your camera roll. It's your repository.

- Albums are the curated memories.

- Sharing is to keep track of what you have shared.

My method of sharing from the Photos app is usually by album rather than individual photo. Most of the time when I want to share one photo, I do it from a messaging app since that's how I get asked for one.
Cofagrigus: WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! 
Only for my **own** photos.
It would be a downgrade for Technician users though.
I'd like a Yanma pre-evolution to complete the dragonfly life cycle.

As for evolution, I wanna say Lumineon. Make it Water/Fairy with Quiver Dance and call it Floureneon.
Only if we also get a Mantine evo: Mantelsea.

^^^^bloody ^^^^football ^^^^jokes
Unaware.

Hidden Ability: Oblivious
4 Bidoof
Yes but not as one monolithic roll. I'd like the see them separated into contexts.
Introducing GO-JET. 
I'll use an actual messaging app instead.
They get the same magnitude of boosts but Psychic Fangs has a slightly higher base power which gives it a higher maximum output. 
Actually there was also Lick that did have a base power. You might be mistaking Ghost for Dragon which only had Dragon Rage at the time. 
And then they bring up Darth Plagueis the Wise.
It seems more of a job for the file manager than an photo album. 
If use the share feature, it creates an album that only shows up in the Sharing tab. The album to me gives me the flexibility to post any number of photos at once and amend if need be. It's akin to creating a thread or a post than a single message.
It's more of a wall breaker than anything since it lacks the Speed. Swift Swim in the Rain remedies this but you lose Sniper's power boost.
The Focus Energy strategy does work well with Sniper and Draco Meteor spam... as a wall breaker.
Unless it's a Trick Room team, it's not much of a sweeper. Sand Stream is generally preferred since it negates most Focus Sashes and gives it a notable SpDef boost.
Z-moves bypass accuracy check so using it as a Z-move will always land and get a free Speed boost.
Psychic Terrain pairs well with it since it prevents priority attacks AND makes Psychic Fangs hit harder than Crunch.
I mean that's what Disguise is for. At least with LO + SD, you can set up more than once AND hit harder pre-boost.
Especially with both Megas Lucario and Metagross ready to Meteor Mash its face in.
[During prenatal development, the umbilical cord is physiologically and genetically part of the fetus... 
The umbilical cord develops from and contains remnants of the yolk sac and allantois. It forms by the fifth week of development, replacing the yolk sac as the source of nutrients for the embryo.[2]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umbilical_cord)

The placenta is developed from both the eventual fetus and mother as it contains both fetal and maternal tissue. The cord replaces our yolk sac and allantois by the fifth week.
- **Substitute Blood**: Ichigo gains powers... that become irrelevant two arcs later
- **Battle Society**: Aizen becomes the Ultimate Being
- **Hueco Mondo Crusaders**: Stands = Bankai and Ulquiorra is DIO
- **Deicide is Unbreakable**: "Aizen" is back and just wants a quiet life
- **Sostituto Aureo**: Book of the End *just works*
- **Sternritter Ocean**: and then Yhwach resets the universe
I have a Nexus 6 as my first and still on-going AMOLED experience (cracked front glass hasn't stopped the display), my Z5C has the upper hand in whites as the AMOLED's white degraded to a yellowish tone.
*through Hell. 
So teenage Nemo going through a phase. 
I know. I rarely let my phone drop below 40%.
You can see the it underneath the truck as a slight yellow/orange grey. The area close to the horizon is more obscured and scattered by dust and atmosphere than the area higher up.

Having spent a lot of time in Qatar, this is pretty normal for a desert environment like this. 
I'd call it extra wide instead of T H I C C

**Device information:**

    Relay Version: 8.2.72

    Phone: Sony E5803 (Xperia Z5 Compact)
    Android Version: 7.1.1 (25)
    Device (product): E5803 (E5803)
    Rom: 32.4.A.1.54
    Cache Cleaners: greenify, ccleaner
That's actually good sign. If there are 600 sharks worldwide then the ecosystem is even worse shape. 
I'd be more scared of the jellyfish then. Unlike, they're stealthier and venomous.
Bon-Bon's Bizarre Adventure
Momo's Bizarre Adventure
Is this what they meant about the birds and the bees?
I've done calculations and 5 inch screen with the taller 18:9 aspect ratio will be more than 1 cm or 10 mm taller than the 4.6 inch, 16:9 screen in Compacts.
Peter's not that bad.
He thought: Mice = baby rats
Vegeta: That doesn't seem right... Wait wait wait, Nappa!

Nappa: WHAA~AAT?

Vegeta: I had the scouter upside down. It's over 9000. Rah. *Crushes scouter*
At least it didn't pull a Yamcha.
Yup. CB Metagross used it to great effect in Gens 3 and 4.
Actually, you'd want a taller screen since the navbar is always on the narrower side.
Compact if correct.
A flat, 5 inch 18:9 screen would be similar in width but more than a centimeter taller than the 4.6 inch 16:9 screen.
The screen is still going to be more than 1 cm taller than the Compact's screen.
The screen would be well within the Compact's width but still be more than a centimeter taller. This is based on my own calculation of a 5 inch, 18:9 ratio screen vs the 4.6 inch, 16:9 ratio screen of the Compacts.
The Nexus 4 had a relatively squatter ratio of 16:10 compared the the Compact's 16:9 or the new flagship's ~18:9.
[This visualization shows the smaller, non-SE iPhone being slightly wider and notably taller than the Z5 Compact.](https://www.phonearena.com/phones/size#/phones/size/Sony-Xperia-Z5-Compact,Apple-iPhone-6/phones/9611,8346)

[Even the taller X Compact is still notably shorter despite the thicker vertical bezels.](https://www.phonearena.com/phones/size/Apple-iPhone-6,Sony-Xperia-X-Compact/phones/8346,10217)
It gets STAB Close Combat/Drain Punch for that.
Samurott also gets Liquidation. Swampert and Greninja are the only fully evolved Water starters that don't.
Realistically? No. It's still shit at taking Special hits and it still lacks a variety of Sheer Force boosted coverage. But Liquidation allows it more power than Crabhammer with perfect accuracy.
I was kinda hoping for High Horsepower for Bulu.
Doesn't look impossible. Tricky but not impossible.
Probably because of Fan-Rotom.
Now it can threaten a healthy Xerneas with a much more accurate move.
Yes it does. A small upgrade but an upgrade nonetheless. The real Liquidation winner is Kingler, who now has a perfect accuracy, Sheer Force STAB.
Nope. The funny thing is, we now have two other physical Ground tutored moves in Drill Run and Stomping Tantrum. Midday and Dusk Lycanroc get both but not Silvally.
Ah, when Psychic was immune to Ghost...
It had Leech Life already, which is decidedly more mosquito-like. Drain Punch is more JJBA vampire.
For real though, Power Whip is a big upgrade over Trop Kick. It loses accuracy and doesn't lower the opponent's Attack but it's almost to twice as powerful.
Iron Head does have a nice 30% flinch chance, which works well with a DD boost.
In Indonesia? Yeah, go for it. They've even made a motorcycle only zone at the big intersections so they all can pile up in front of cars and trucks when it's red.
It's more of an anteater... with an exhaust pipe.
Third base.
Bug/Ground. Our sole example is Nincada. I'd like to see a mole cricket.

I'd also like another Fighting/Flying, even if it's by Mega Staraptor.
We've had a Psychic/Ghost for two Gens straight now. The catch is that one is a Mythical (Hoopa) while the other is Nebby (Lunala).
Heatran is a legendary so it's more than okay to have a do over.
Lycanroc-Dusk

* HP: 75
* Att: 117
* Def: 65
* SpA: 55
* SpD: 65
* Spe: 110
Octillery's Bizarre Adventure:

- Phantom Force Blood
- Battle Tower Tree
- Starmie Crusaders
- Diance is Sturdy
- Golden Whirlwind
- Stone Edge Ocean
- Steel Type Run
- Jojotholion
Celesteela: A Heatran? Oh HELL NAW!
No, Berserker. Enerloop batteries aren't sold in ramen shops.
A seahorse Pokémon that's actually as slow as the real thing.

It illustrates exactly how powerful Adaptability is. Despite Dragalge's mere **97** SpA, Adaptability makes it hit **harder** than a similarly trained *Latios*, a legendary with a **130** SpA.
Except for Psyshock.
It does change how you use TMs. Back when they were one time use, I'd be hesitant to abuse them. After that, I'm more inclined to change  Pokémon's moveset in between gyms and to spread certain moves like Rock Slide and U-Turn across more Pokémon.