Oh is that what’s going on here? I had a couple friends approach me about their early retirement plans and wanted me to go to a hotel to hear a pitch by their friends who retired in their 20’s. It sounded shady so I didn’t go, but I’m still curious what it’s all about. Of course, my friends won’t give me any details. 
I’ve had instances like what I’ve described, albeit not as clear as OP’s event. I’ve chalked it up to something odd happening in my brain and nothing supernatural. But if I believed in the paranormal, I’d probably have a different perspective on those experiences.
It sounds like a sort of dream that didn’t get registered in the brain as a dream, and “appearing” in the chair was actually waking up. In that case, OP wouldn’t be able to say it was a dream because to them, it didn’t feel like one.
Does a 7 year old kid need a cell phone?
When I was traveling Latin America I typically saw/heard the feminine version “la computadora”
A1901. 

Why?
I never use mine wirelessly anymore due to the constant disconnects. I’m on the latest iOS. 

(I know I’ve chatted a bunch with you about this issue, but didn’t know so many others have had problems. When are they going to fix this?!)
I updated the iOS when I got your message yesterday. Tried using it wirelessly on the drive home yesterday and the drive to work today. It cut out as normal. So that didn’t change anything. 
Montreal is a big city. I’m sure some people clue in, but they just wouldn’t show those interactions.
In this context, “but” is short for “but setting aside the small talk that I don’t care about and am only using as a segue”
But you’re probably not doing a whole lot while on cellular, like streaming music for a while or on long/frequent phone calls. 
I haven’t seen DH before, what does it stand for?
Thank you for the links and for the advice. :)
I’m planning on making a raised flower bed in my front yard. We have a huge spruce, so I’ll put the bed outside the drip line of the spruce.  But the entire lawn is sparse, likely because of the long roots of the spruce sucking up the water.

Any considerations for keeping spruce from leaching water from the flower bed? I could install an impermeable barrier, but don’t want to risk water logging the bed. Maybe something semi permeable?

I’m in the Canadian prairies, so we don’t get a ton of rain but there’s lots of big rainfall events.
Whenever I forget my wallet is also when they remember to ID me. 
I didn’t like having 3 pages for control centre 
That happens to me too
I used to think that way. But then I traveled to some less fortunate areas of the globe and realized how good I have it, overall, just from being born where I was (totally out of my control). The sad thing is that life is much more unfair than I thought. 
Translation for anyone reading this: traffic was horrendous
Same here. I ran a stop sign and someone almost T-boned me because I couldn’t see anything through these massive wet snowflakes.
When someone does it to *everyone* they know, it doesn’t feel as bad.  

E.g. to you, you’re receiving a single fake message from what you know as your good friend.  To them, they’re merely pasting to yet another person, barely noticing your name as they scroll down the list. 
That sucks to hear.  I still have to do it in order for things to progress in my case. Although I’m not sure what they have planned next.
Well the same disconnects happened on the way to work, after deleting all the downloaded media. So I restarted my phone and will see if it still happens on my way home. If it does, then I’ll sign out of iCloud. 

If I sign out of iCloud does iMessage work?
Ok, all downloaded songs and podcasts are deleted from my phone.  About to head to work.  Wish me luck!
Thanks for the link, this would actually make a lot of sense! Months back, I had a full reformat, no restore.  But, I signed into icloud. I didn’t have issues for a couple days.  In that period of time, I was progressively downloading music and podcasts back to my phone (I use Apple Music and the stock podcast app).  Then the problem came back.

Maybe it has to do with how much music I have downloaded to my phone? Maybe I should try removing all downloads from my phone first to see what happens. Then after that, I could sign out of icloud next if that doesn’t work.
I still remember the day back in the late 90’s my mom said she couldn’t get the CD out of the computer. I walk up to the computer to check it out and she says no, the other computer. But the other computer was older and didn’t have a CD drive...

Ends up she put the CD in the 5 1/4” floppy drive. So that explained why it didn’t work and she couldn’t get it out. 
That would be nice to get fixed.  Any idea if it’s a problem on the Sonos side, or on the Amazon side?

I’ll be in the living room and randomly hear the chime go off on the One in my kitchen, the sounds it makes after I say Alexa.  Except I didn’t say anything and the TV is off. It’s happened maybe 3 or 4 times the past couple months. So weird. 
Jobs is rolling around in his grave
Odd. I did it and it worked for me. 
I just did it before replying, and it worked 
Can replace “tube” with “pak” in the URL 
It looks as though they are now helping you out? Any progress on that front?
Marine blue, perhaps
I’d say considering the level of formality in this sub, no. The burden is on the reader to seek more verification to their question. 

Native speakers are great at saying whether something sounds correct or not, or whether it sounds natural, formal, informal, etc. 

Fellow learners who have reached a higher level are great at helping explain difficult concepts because they themselves have had to learn the same thing. 

Anyone could be wrong, or simply misinterpret the question or the context. This sub isn’t /r/AskHistorians where we need proof to answer. 
I remember thinking that. One of my friends bought one and I got to check it out. It wasn’t very useful to me as someone who enjoyed sitting at a desktop where I could do anything I imagined. 

Now, the iPad Pro is my daily driver at home. Smart Keyboard, multitasking capability. I love it. But I still stand behind how I felt at the time of the first gen release. 
>	unfollowing everyone and everything

I did this exact thing, for pretty much the same reasons. It’s worked extremely well for me. No news feed, no wall.

I’m still able to reap the benefits of what Facebook offers (keeping up to date with events, the ability to contact distant friends & family), without being pushed any content. 

If I want to see updates on anyone, I can visit their specific page(s). Which isn’t very often, and doesn’t lead to endless scrolling. 
I’m in the same scenario as you. I just checked and I see messages stored in iCloud as well. It must be from back in the iOS 11 beta.  
Also, ask yourself if you can only learn one, which would it be? Then learn that first. 

I learned Spanish first, and during that period my motivation was strongest. It’s quite common for motivation to drop with each successive similar endeavour, as it has with me for Portuguese and then French. 

It can be hard to predict how much motivation you’ll have in the years to come or where life will take you, so choosing a language that you like and will get good use out of would be the best choice. I definitely get the most use out of Spanish (I’m in Canada - vacations to Latin America) so it works out well for me. 
Listen for some of the words I listed the next time you watch American TV (i edited my comment).  It’s hard to un-hear once you’ve heard it.

In my Canadian accent, the word “sorry” and the Indian garment “sari” are pronounced differently. “Sorry” has the same vowel sound as “sore”. Whereas “sari” has the same as “father”.

In much of the American dialects (but not all), both words sound identical and are pronounced with the same vowel sound as “father”.

The same goes for words like tomorrow, borrow, sorrow, orange, and many others.
Same here. I guess I’ll try resetting my phone to default again as the Apple person asked. When I find the time/desire. :(
Installed it. Tried wireless. It froze after 30 seconds. Well, back to the drawing board. 
Straight up SMS for me. I let the Messages app figure it out. 

I even have group SMS chats with some android/iPhone mixed groups. I’m in Canada. 
I’ll be within my 200GB for the next half a year or so. 

I’m gonna feel a bit annoyed when I reach that limit and have to pay significantly more for 2TB even though I won’t be remotely close to that limit for years. 

What I might do, to stave off that issue, is a little cleanup of my files/photos. It’s time for a clean anyhow. 
Did you ever have the conversation? I've had a similar conversation with an old friend, and my search on the subject brought me here!
Their families cared. 
The sting of having to pay a ticket works better in the long term to change habits
He’s not my hero. Maybe it’s because I’ve known people who have been hit by speeders, but I prefer when people don’t decide to increase the risk of injury to others so they can save a couple minutes. Those are my heros. 
You both should be co-leads. You can argue about every decision!
Still waiting until I have the desire to reset the phone. But if 11.3 is coming out soon, I’ll probably just wait for that first.

I can’t put this off too long, cause the warranty of the Alpine unit will end this summer and then I won’t be able to replace it, should the unit be the defective thing.
I tried out a number of AR games. Even bought a few. “Playground AR” was pretty cool, but I haven’t used it in months.

It’s been about 9 months since the demo of that game at WWDC, so I assumed I’d missed the release. It actually did look pretty interesting to try out.
That’s a cool example cause it actually applies to me. I learned it by hearing it and using it. I was confused the first time I saw it, realized it was the “fesons” I was hearing, and thought “huh, funny spelling”. Which is much easier than the other way, trying to retrain myself how to say it. 
This barely does anything. I’ve been told that when the feature first came out, wifi assist caused a lot of people to use a ton of cell data without realizing it, since they were connected to wifi. Apple had to dial it back a bit and now it only assists for small data transfers. 
Correto 
This is why I prefer going heavy on the listening component and lighter on the reading component during language learning. As much as I possibly can. 

Otherwise It’s so hard to learn a word via reading it and then shift how I say it later on. 
Until it is
Into wherever Apple stores all their money 
I “felt” like one of those car trunks should have had a dead hooker fly out of it. 
I bet he’s still looking 
A follow up to this: we can’t search all fields? 

There are times, such as when I’m searching for a cover song, where I want to enter keywords for artist and song in the search field. But I can only search one field and then have to dig for what I want. 
Macrumors website has a section on the SE and another section discussing if you should buy or wait. 
Part of Christian’s success has been by building up a loyal following of people who have enjoyed his transparency and high degree of interaction in this sub. To the point where people even address him by his real name, which is quite uncommon. 

He doesn’t owe anything to anyone. But if he doesn’t keep up that image, people will express their dissatisfaction and that will greatly affect future sales of the app. 

Whether he likes it or not, good PR has been a huge contributor to his success and bad PR will undo all of that. 
I like being able to say something out loud to get music playing, or to skip tracks and stuff. Much more than I thought I would! It doesn’t feel lazy, it just feels nice. 

No HomePod in my country yet, but Alexa just came to Sonos, so I’m getting a pretty similar experience. It’ll be fun to try out a HomePod when they become available someday. 
I hate this, and I’ve left feedback. The more feedback the better!

[Apple Music feedback page](https://www.apple.com/lae/feedback/apple-music.html)
Looking to fit 20 niche areas! It’s for church honey!! NEXT!!
There’s a bit of disconnect between Apple’s advertising campaign of using an iPad as a computer replacement, and actually providing the functionality needed to replace a computer. 

I’ve been using it as a replacement for about a year and a half now. There’s definitely room for improvement. But I do wonder if I fall somewhat outside their target demographic for computer replacers. I certainly want the option of my files stored on device. 
And then Alexa laughs, eerily, amidst the darkness. 
I vaguely remember back to grade school when my budding language enthusiast brain was grasping the concepts of written vs spoken language, and it felt wrong when teachers would say that letters were making those sounds. Because to me it felt like that was putting the written language first, and implying the spoken language was derived from the written. When In fact, it’s quite the opposite.

I’m not a teacher by any means so I’m sure you’ll have a much better idea how to convey that concept to kids, but it would be great to convey the concept that the spoken language is the primary language infused into our brain, and the written language is merely one way of trying to represent that language for communication and historical documentation purposes. I would have loved that sort of instruction as a kid. Put into simple kid-friendly concepts of course :)
My boyfriend does that. It’s the only thing I nag him about. I’m picking my battles wisely.  
I’m not sure how I feel about the likely future of self driving cars. Until I remember stuff like this, and how much it will improve safety when you remove terrible drivers from the equation. 
Letters don’t really *make* sounds as much as they *represent* sounds. Pronunciation of words have shifted over time since their import into English, in some cases quite significantly, so they no longer match up with the sounds they originally represented. 
Is this available in Canada? I don’t see the setting for “Follow-up mode” (I’ve already updated the app to the most recent version). 

Could you post a screenshot of that page so I can compare?
Aren’t they straight, but just at a different angle?
I’m pretty sure I’d just use google maps like I do everywhere. Even in my own city. Cause that traffic data. 
Or similarly, if the fertile soil is located deep below the surface and the surface comprises toxic poisonous material which grows food that’ll make you sick. 
You can share the 2TB with other people (family) as well. And use iCloud Drive. 

I share my storage with my boyfriend, and we offload extra files to the cloud (using iCloud Drive) using optimize storage on the MacBook. So all my files are “on” the MacBook as thumbnails, easily downloaded when I need them. And since he uses the MacBook more, it’s fine cause I can access my files thru my iPad or iPhone since they’re synced with iCloud. 
As someone who has had his credit card skimmed, cloned, and had to go through the hassle of getting a couple grand of charges removed, I hopped onto Apple Pay as soon as I could. 
After getting used to OLED’s beautiful contrast on my phone, watch, and TV, the drawbacks of the LCD on the iPad has become a lot more apparent. So I’ll need that to make an upgrade worthy. 

Also, probably not a popular opinion but I want an HD (wide screen) iPad. I use it exclusively in landscape with a keyboard as a computer replacement. 4:3 is a little cramped. 
Still looking for that free transport that seats 20! It’s for church honey!
I’m in my 30’s, so I wouldn’t hear people in their 20’s or younger say this much. What’s your age group? 

Are you in the lower mainland? I ask cause I spent 2015 at ubc with many early 20 somethings. 
Nope, I’m not interested in doing the beta anymore. 

I heard back from Apple, they still want me to reset the phone and try out CarPlay without me signing into iCloud. So I’m just waiting for a moment where I can accommodate that, probably in the next week or two
I’ve wondered if the dipthong is identical in writing/riding in American dialects. In mine (western Canadian) not only is the dipthong in writing raised but it sounds a bit faster as well. 

I remember listening to an American librarian give a guest lecture, and was bored and not paying much attention. I started hearing her mention “siding” a few times, wondered if she meant house siding, and when I paid attention I realized she was saying citing. My brain really couldn’t hear citing though. 

I sometimes hear people talk about “writing” on TV but it sounds like “riding”. But not all actors fool my brain like that. So that means there’s variation in the how that dipthong is pronounced?
I didn’t realize that Canadian raising existed outside of Canada. It’s different than mine (Canadian). Both versions of hide are the same for me. The only word in your list that is raised in my dialect is tight. 
You’re not from Canada but your speech exhibits signs of Canadian raising?

I’m Canadian but from what I can tell, my speech follows the standard forms of Canadian raising. With the exception of “houses”. The “ou” is raised like in “house” despite that the first “s” turns to a voiced consonant (z sound). So I don’t say “houses” like I say “browses”. 
Where are you from? In Alberta I mostly hear “in the hospital”. Whenever I hear “in hospital” on tv or something, it sounds a bit odd to me. 
Then we’re all in the same boat in that we want differentiation between live and studio songs. It would be nice to have a toggle for default preference
I’ve sent 20 messages, honey!!!!
From what I understand, the word “man” in old English was used exclusively to refer to mankind, and didn’t hold the definition of male adult (that came later). So many of the words that contain -man in them, e.g. craftsman, businessman, Chapman, referred to any person and not specifically males (despite that many professions were mostly male).  
>	This episode was DRAMA and it gave the gays everything they needed 

Life is full enough of civilities and politeness, i live for the drama in this show. Watching this episode was the detox I needed and haven’t been served since season 6. 
They have to allude to being nice. While being a bigger asshole than Chad
It’s for my church team, honey 
Nope, most people use it to mean mostly destroy almost entirely, not just reduce a little bit.  
The other speakers were grouped when the One ducked, but the others didn’t duck. I had a feeling the timer should be up so I went into the kitchen to hear the timer going off. 

So far it seems that Alexa will use the grouped speakers when playing music requests and for flash briefings, but not for timers or alarms or the associated audio ducking. 

Good to know that flash briefings are relatively new! So they’re probably still working on improving that functionality. 

A question about your two Ones: if you set a timer on one, will it play on the other?
I had the 7+ for over a year and never got used to it. T never fit well in my pocket
I got a request to wipe my phone and set it up as new, again. This time, the difference would be that I don’t sign into my iCloud account at all, and test it out. 

I replied with my concerns that I rely on this phone for work and personal use and I can’t spend much time with it being stripped of iMessage and other functionality related to my account. I’m getting a bit tired of this slow ineffectual process. 
I don’t see it in the sonos app, but Alexa can play songs from amazon music. I’ve been asking her to play various music and she’s getting it all from amazon music. 
The pair of cheap headphones I owned before the AirPods would connect to multiple devices at once. So for example, I’d press pause on the iPhone, then press play on my iPad, and the headphones would detect and switch automatically. No need to interact with the headphones or change any sources like with the AirPods. 

Granted, I returned those headphones and got AirPods for other reasons. But they are not as advanced at some cheap Bluetooth headphones when it comes to automatically switching sources. 
I remember how big of a deal everyone was making the ease of setup for AirPods. For some reason, I had it in my mind that switching between devices would be easy. Nope, just the initial setup. I barely remember it now, it happened once over a year ago. 

It’s not like switching between devices is hard. But cheap Bluetooth devices allow for switching between devices simply by pausing playback on one and starting on another. 
Yup that’s the one
Similar to what I saw [(and posted here)](http://reddit.com/r/Edmonton/comments/3vkr1j/what_edmonton_will_look_like_after_legalization/) a couple years ago!

Looks like a different location though.
I wouldn’t make a blanket statement that pet stores make me sad. But generally the conditions I’ve heard about in pet stores are abysmal. There are a lot of breeders that make me sad because of similarly poor conditions, but many breeders take good care of their animals as well. 

Referring to people not having the time to pick up animals: I just want to see animals being raised in good conditions and treated well. If there is sacrifice on the human’s behalf to endure this is the case (paying more money, driving somewhere, etc) then I want to see that happen. Too many people treat pets like crap and if we can place some restrictions on the process of care and adoption, and even dissuade some people from making poor, impulse decisions, then we will see some improvements. 
I’ve been listening to the History of English podcast lately. It marries history and etymology together, two subjects I love! 

It’s a bit heavy on the linguistics which might turn some people off, but the author ties it all into the history of tribes and movement to show how they’re intertwined. 
Je crois que je l’ai vu souvent quand j’étais en France, mais ici au Canada peut-être que c’est pas un mot qu’on utilise? Je sais pas, j’habite en Alberta :/
A second vote for the history of English podcast, as I’m listening to that at the moment. It’s pretty interesting, especially if you want to understand why English spelling doesn’t make sense. 
Est-ce qu’on peut utiliser « l’appli » au lieu de l’application, ou ça serait trop informel?
Maybe it was the “I’ll pass” that got him confused 
Did you change the wake word under settings within the Alexa app? I’m reading that’s how to do it, but I don’t see that option. Do you have another Alexa device perhaps? 
Just set it up, it works great!

Any idea if we can change Alexa to respond to other keywords on the sonos one? I’d like to say “computer”. 

Also, can we change her voice to male, or to a different accent?
Dijo que está seguro que si trata de regresarla Amazon le dirá que la conserve por su buena voluntad.
Agreed. Especially considering the genre could be abbreviated to Alt. Rock
I’ve had entirely different issues with mine. The wireless connection cuts out all the time. I’m working with Apple to resolve the issue. 

I called Alpine once to get some info, and to see if they’ve heard of any issues on their end. The guy was fairly snarky with me. Like of course it couldn’t be an issue with *their* device. 
There's a whole variety of accommodation as you mention, and that variety was a part of what I was wanting to experience. I was more on a budget, so I stayed in hostels, stayed with local host families, couchsurfed, rented apartments (for longer stays), split a nicer apartment with a friend for a month.

I took off six months in 2015 to spend in France, Morocco and Senegal, and mostly did AirBnB during that trip.  I was a bit older and was willing to spend a little more. I wanted to rent rooms from people who seemed friendly to have locals to hang out with a bit in each place I stayed. 
I spent 2009 traveling Latin America from Buenos Aires to Cancun, and my favourite part was Ecuador. So much so that I lingered in Quito for about 5 of those months. Cheap language schools, interesting culture, and great climate were a few of its draws. 

I might have to get myself a print. Do you ship to Canada?
STILL LOOKING??
I NEED 20!!  It’s for church honey. NEXT!!!
I’ve been listening to the History of English podcast. Definitely no modern politics there. 

If you don’t have any familiarity with European history or language families, it might be a bit too technical, although you’d still learn some interesting stuff. 
I like some casual discussions about exes. You can really learn a lot by seeing how people talk about them. Were they all “terrible” people?  Were they unbearable and “no idea how I could have dated them”?  Or do they approach their exes more casually and with a balanced list of positives and negatives? Or do they keep that info fairly private, and in the past? It’s all very informative about how they’ll be as a partner, and how they would approach a possible breakup, and treat you as an ex. 
I started to listen more to French and read it less. 

Listening to the words being pronounced reinforced how they should be pronounced, and I found that the voice in my head during reading followed suit. 
Well square space is one of them. 
I’m often reminded of an incident that happened during my early years on the internet, in the late 90’s. A group of us guys were having a sleepover at my place, and the girls in our group at one of the girls places. 

We were chatting and joking around on some chat site, having a great time. Until they got mad and logged off. Apparently, we thought we were joking back and forth. They thought we were having a heated argument. 

Whenever there’s something sensitive to discuss, I always try to do it in person. Too much misinterpretation can happen over text. Sometimes even because of a single punctuation mark. 
>	Think of the children!

Not sure how sarcastic you’re being but there are lots of families in my neighbourhood and I wouldn’t want their safety, or their ability to play freely, to be affected by an upsurge in thru traffic and proportional increase in douchy drivers. 

For the record, I don’t have kids, and I commute by car. If commuter routes are crowded, then we need to pressure the city for a better solution. Neighbourhoods are nicest when they retain their quiet, community-like charm. 
My guess: when typing informally, messages comprising one or two short words typically are sent without periods. So when adding a period, it is quite noticeable not only because it’s usually absent, but also because it’s among one of the only few characters present.

The period signifies the end of the statement and its significance is amplified proportional to the reader’s perception of its presence. 

Why isn’t it harsh to you? Experience with the written word vary significantly from person to person, much more than the spoken word. 
I have a coworker who writes OK a lot in emails. For example: I chatted with the client and he wanted some additional scope so I’ll forward that in two separate emails, OK. I’ll go through my part of the report and then you guys will take turns, OK. 

It’s probably a remnant of how you ask OK when verbally speaking to someone, but feel free to chime in with other options, OK. 

Lol.
I used to do that a lot! I wanted to convey my excitement talking to the other person. But it became too much! Know what I mean?
That period looks so harsh. I’ve seen my grandma type like that and I have to remind myself it’s cause she’s old and not cause she’s angry
Should carries two meanings. The other being that you think there is an option but you are uncertain. 

E.g. Q: where’s the bathroom in this restaurant? A: Hmm, it should be at the back (based on most restaurants that’s my best guess). 
The Game of Life
There’s only one. He’s a busy guy
It might be a different cause, because proximity doesn’t seem to affect anything 

I haven’t heard back from Apple yet. It’s been another week, they needed a bit more info last week
My compromise has been taking off the case from time to time, when in safer environments. I get the enjoyment of a fresh experience and I put the case on again when I get tired of how often I drop it. 
The SE was released less than 2 years ago
>	Steve rolling around in his grave

Trying to get the right orientation for Face ID to work
It also has to support two faces for me to consider buying it. My iPad is easily shareable with my SO with Touch ID and we don’t wanna give that up. 
>	blamed it on her dead husband

Well I imagine his body was kicking up quite a smell as well
Where is a malta used? I used to study mostly Brazilian Portuguese but I don’t recall ever noticing that
>	pictures ... in full size

I haven’t figured out how to do this. If a picture is too tall, Apollo clips it off at the top and bottom, so i have to tap to see the full photo. 

Is there a way to see the full original picture size while scrolling, a la Narwhal?
Next month or two, maybe three, could be four
I was so disappointed when the 5 came out. Samsung had their Note series with plus size screens, meanwhile the iPhone screen gained a single row of apps. So I switched. That’s when Android was its most interesting. Now it’s all pretty comparable between the two, so I’m back cause of iOS. 
>never used it 

Why not? I get how it might not be a big deal, but it’s at least *marginally* better than reaching for a cord each time. If you have one sitting there collecting dust, why not try it?
A stand-up qi charger is great if you won’t wanna worry about alignment issues. 
>	Apple just forgot about it

Like the rest of us
All glass MacBook! The repair cost will be more than buying a new one. 
Would the aux have latency to it? I just set up an old record player to my play:5 aux and there’s a surprising amount of latency. Not that it matters for records, but it would to a PC. Could the latency in my case be cause the sound has to be distributed to all speakers in the house?

I’m looking forward to airplay 2, but latency when playing YouTube, or stuff with video, from the Mac would be annoying
I mounted it close to the front of the windshield. But I’ve placed my phone on the dash right beside it and no effect 
It didn’t take me long for me to scroll down and see an example of what the OP was talking about. 
I’m still waiting for Alexa to come to my Sonos One in Canada. Google assistant might even beat her to it
I’m probably going to have a dissenting opinion here, but here’s my take. 

I’ve spend considerable time gaining fluency in three Latin languages. It’s been awesome namely because I enjoy the process, for the most part. 

The most utility I’ve gained from it is during travel. But in my day to day life, it’s of very little use. I live and work in English, live in a sea of English for miles and miles around me. There have been instances where I’ve used the language at my job, one time going to Peru for a week to write a report in Portuguese for some colleagues. But if you’re asking if learning these languages was worth the “gruelling boring process”, then I’d say probably not. 

That said, why not give it a try. You don’t need fluency in Bengali to reap some of the benefits, and a little could go a long way. Give it a try!
Besides my native English, I speak Spanish, French, and Portuguese to a good degree of fluency. It took a lot of study, practice and intense focus, plus travel to countries where those languages were spoken. 

I learned most of my Spanish in my late 20’s, Portuguese on my early 30’s and French in my mid 30’s (roughly)
I used to love getting to know people, finding out what makes them tick. That fueled my social interactions. With age, my interests have shifted away from that and thus, I’m ok with less social interaction. 
You know you’ve been on this sub too long when this is your first thought
Perfect way to start off a relationship 
Click bait is how
This iPhone killer will be a game changer. Click here to learn more!
What do you mean?
STILL SICK????
This is one of the reasons why I settled on Apple Music over Spotify. I can be playing music on my Sonos, then head outside and listen to music on my iPhone (leaving sonos playing for people in the house) and no issues. 

Spotify would only let me play one stream and stop the other. It felt kinda cheap to me, because I wasn’t trying to scam the system. I just wanted a hassle free experience. 
Well yeah. It’s cause he’s been too nice to them. 
All this shit is going on because trump is actually doing something, unlike Obama and the dems. The shit is just backlash from fake news reporters trying to discredit trumps efforts, but he waded through the shit and gets stuff done. 

/s
Lots of people who sit at a desk all day. I used to use it that way a lot until I got the iPhone X. Face ID has made me have to pick up my phone to use it. 
Am I the only one that is annoyed by posts like that?  I mean, besides you and many others. 
When I was 18, I remember saying that after you’re 25 you’re old. Now I’m mid thirties and I feel old. But not old enough to go on Facebook all the time. Fuck that company. 
Then you’re probably using Apple maps
The Accidental Tech guys say “hey cylinder”. A great way to stay platform agnostic while listeners get the point. 
That’s correct. I never look at them on the HD anymore. In the photos app, I’ve edited photos (non-destructively), most cropping, sometimes slight adjustments in contrast or brightness. Also, I delete duplicates and crappy photos after they’re imported into photos.

So my HD retains all my unedited, unweeded photos, just in case I ever want them for some reason. 
All my pre-smartphone digital photos are organized into separate folders by event, with the date on the folder. Which worked because I only took my camera out for events. 

Since smartphones, I would occasionally dump all photos into folders like “2015 iPhone photos to organize” and never got around to organizing them in any fashion. 

Now I don’t care about how they’re organized on my hard drive. They’re backed up on iCloud and I’ll probably do a secondary backup to google photos. So the hard drive is essentially a third backup if I want it. 
I’m on High Sierra. I select the photo, or group of photos. Press command-i or press the little i on the top right. An info box pops up. At the bottom it says *assign a location* and voila! 

If there is already location info, just grab and move the pin to the location you desire. Note that the pin’s location may reset itself back to the previous location but in actuality, it has changed location. 
My SIL does this. I text her and call (FaceTime audio), and she’s on the family group iMessage. There’s hotspots around the city from the ISP.  It’s pretty much like an iphone on airplane mode. 
If you have a Mac, it’s easy to add/adjust location data for photos in bulk. I’m running high Sierra. 
Although not mentioned in this guide, location info can be added easily, and in bulk, on a Mac. 

I am literally doing this right now. The last few months I’ve been importing old digital photos, and scanning negatives and prints, importing them and adding location info and correcting dates. It’s awesome to see the map album become populated with everywhere I’ve traveled. Cool new “memories” pop up based on geography and time-stamped events. 

Have fun OP!
Scrolling hiccups are less of an issue these days with android. And I do get hiccups on my X as well. But I still love the look and feel of iOS which keeps me here. 
Apple has gathered a bunch of diagnostic info from me from last Sunday, and videos of the issue happening. I’m waiting on their analysis and response
She wasn’t able to recover those files within the 1 month period before they’re permanently deleted?
“Hey giggle”
It was too hard to resist!
This
That’s a cool idea. Would you mind sharing some details about your setup? I don’t have cable, but could get the app. Any idea if that Airplay’s to an Apple TV easily?
Some people are very motivated to have the best at any given moment. The thought of selling my sonos and replacing them with homepods feels like such a hassle. 

One (less common) reason that will probably keep me with sonos is that I’m the only one in the house with a music subscription (Apple Music). But anyone else can play from the sonos app since my account is integrated. With AirPlay only, they’d have to use my phone to cast from. So I think I’ll be sticking with sonos for a while


That’s odd, your reply was 6 hours ago, and it’s showing 4 upvotes. On a 10 day old post. 
That’s awesome to hear!
If you pause playback, then come back much later and press play on the HomePod, does it resume whatever was playing?

I love Sonos’ feature where I can play something via the app, pause it, and the next day resume playback. But if you’re using airplay, and between the pause and resume you have played various other types of audio on your phone, I’m guessing the HomePod won’t resume whatever audio it was last playing. Any insight into this?
Or whichever YouTube piece agrees with their preexisting notion. 
I’m pleasantly surprised I’ve gone over a year without losing one. My coworker lost a bud within a couple weeks. YMMV
>	I want that kind of money

I just want enough money to retire before I’m 40. I’d even be willing to use an old phone for the rest of my life. 
Came here to say I haven’t noticed much of a difference, but I definitely type periods a lot more by accident. 
My replacement also has the static. I think it’s just an unavoidable necessity due to the ANC. It’s not loud but it would be nice if it wasn’t there. 
Agreed. This has been posted before with mostly positive comments. But with all the bugs of iOS 11, you’re inviting complaints if you claim Apple takes good care of small details. 
It didn’t :(
I get “sorry, I’m not able to give it that rating”
That’s a lot of sequential tapping on the AirPod though. Forgot to say it’s when I’m going hands free
If Apple pulls support for Sonos, I’d probably switch back to Spotify. The walled garden is beautiful but I don’t want it closing in on me. 
[This](https://www.makegood.ca/content/basic-regular-pizza-crust) is a recipe I’ve been using and my pizzas turn out pretty much like OP’s. Although I generally prefer to roll my dough a little thinner for a super thin crust. You can keep it thicker too. 

Also, I like to add some herbs to the dough just as I’m starting the kneeding process. Basil, pepper, some thyme and a bit of garlic powder. 

Remember to cook on a low rack so your pizza dough fully cooks. And don’t use a baking sheet with an air pocket in it, like you can use for cookies, or the dough won’t cook. 
>	Another iphone SE appreciation post

Which is pretty amazing to see considering it has a processor almost 2 1/2 years old. I’m really glad even the budget phone has such durability.

I wonder how much longer these appreciation posts would continue on for if Apple never did get around to updating the SE. 
I’m sure the reason varies a lot from person to person. For some, it may not come as easy to them to understand social dynamics to the degree required to change their behaviour to something more effective. For others, the change may be more possible, but would take effort they don’t want to expend. For some, they may simply justify it that at some point, it’s gotta work. And at least the other person knows what they’re like right off the bat, no hiding from it. 

For many people, if they’re used to constant rejection from their methods, then the rejection doesn’t seem nearly as bad as it would for someone like yourself. Who would probably feel horrified by even saying something as crude as that, let alone by the other persons response. 
It’s not merely how these different speakers pronounce vowels and consonants, there are different words, phrases common to the area, different grammar. And while yes, some speakers have learned to speak the more common dialect of their country, many do not and would struggle to “clean up” their use of local vocab/slang/grammar. Especially if they don’t travel outside their region much and never have had much interaction with people from other regions. 
>	Well English doesn't have any dialects is that a flaw that has hampered its growth? I would consider the fact that the English spoken around the globe is mutually comprehensible to be an advantage. The fact that British, Australian and American people can communicate without trouble is not a sign of stagnation to me.

I’ve had many troubles communicating with people from other English speaking regions. Such as people from Scotland and even from other provinces of my country (Canada - east coast dialects can be very different). Then there is Jamaica where the native dialects can be so different as to barely be mutually intelligible with Canadian dialects. 
Most probably realize it won’t work. But they wanna say what’s on their mind so badly they can’t resist, even if showing restraint actually increases your chances. 
Can confirm. I live in Canada and love our “American” culture. 
I disagree, because not all parents are good parents. External influences from society do affect kids’ upbringing and how well they turn out. 
I read that Siri would be one of the assistants on Sonos as well, from an older announcement Sonos had made. Is that in the works? Would Apple even implement / allow such a thing anyhow?
I was watching some of ijustine’s videos and looking at her house and all the gadgets she has, and apparently that’s all, or mostly funded from her YouTube channel? One one hand it’s awesome to be able to do that, on the other, she’s at the mercy of that one service. 
Agreed. Most people here are probably trustworthy, except for the people who aren’t. It’s a crapshoot and there is nothing OP can do if something goes wrong. 
I would think so 
It would be my first tvOS game! Fingers crossed 
I doubt it will, it’s about 40 years old!

What type of pre-amp do you have? Any brands you recommend?
What an emotional roller coaster. 

I’m a relatively new Sonos user so I’ve never heard of this product. First I was saddened to hear they’re already discontinuing a product. Then I felt better learning that it’s quite old compared to the rest of my devices. Then I see they’re giving away $100 when they have no obligation to whatsoever. 

It’s always sad to see support dropped for a product. But this is the best ending I’ve seen from any company. 
It didn’t work :(
That’s too bad. I’ll still try it. It doesn’t hurt to have another data point. 

On a side note, when I read this comment it was only a half hour old, yet someone had downvoted it. So someone was quick to downvote a comment on a 2 month old post? Odd
Interesting, well I will see what happens this evening on the drive home now that I’ve disabled it. I’ll let you know. 

I have another phone call with Apple on Thursday to go over some tests so they can collect diagnostics. You said you haven’t been dealing with Apple directly at all? I forget 
I can try this too.

The logic escapes me though. You’re saying that with wifi assist enabled, various apps may be trying to access the internet through the CarPlay wifi connection. But since there’s no internet, cellular data is used instead.  I don’t understand how the use of cellular data would cause issues. 
> Who follow the bible and religion in a literal sense 

You mean by not wearing clothes with mixed fabrics, and the like?

Or do you mean picking and choosing which things they want to follow literally, and not following the rest?
Glasses with undistorted reflections. 

They just look like prop glasses when I can see a perfect reflection in them. 
Canada
Wait for iOS 11.3 to drop. Messages in iCloud is part of it. 
Nobody I know IRL has *ever* mentioned this as a problem. Most people I know have very few apps and their only notifications are a few texts or a missed call. 
This is a great option for a true backup 
It’s decent, but it has failed me twice in the last week, so there’s room for improvement. I only use Apple maps cause CarPlay. 

Today I pulled up to where the community hall was supposed to be. Saw nothing but apartment buildings. So I opened google maps and ends up it was a couple blocks away. Nothing terribly inconvenient but google maps would have gotten me there reliably. 
It’s part of the list of banned post, stickied at the top
If you’re a kid, then you probably just crave stimulus. In my teens, I wouldn’t just go for walks. I needed to something to occupy my mind all the time.
I can’t tell if you’re joking or being serious
Five...five...five...one two five
AirPods are a lot cheaper than the HomePod and they didn’t have much competition in their market (of truly wireless headphones). 
And we think you’re gonna love it
It’s nice they have a toggle to turn that feature off for those who don’t want it. 

I don’t think I’ve ever accidentally deleted a convo by accident. But I do get random verification texts when activating services, and then after deleting it from my phone, I’ll have to delete it again when using my iPad, then again on the Mac. 

I wonder if they’ll give you 30 days to restore accidental deletions, like they do with files stored on iCloud. That would be ideal. 
Good to know, thanks for looking into that. I was wondering if SMS would also be synced. I’m glad it’s all synced. It means everything on my iPad will be brought over to my phone when I eventually get this feature. 
I found the 5 to be the most disappointing, because I was really hoping for a larger screen (like the 6 and 6+), not just a slightly taller one. So I switched to Android, a Note II with a massive screen for that time. 

Looking back, I quite like the size of the 5, but it just wasn’t what I wanted at the time. It’s funny how much tastes can change. 
Do you have messages on your Mac now dating back to 2011 because they synced from your phone via iCloud?
If anyone hasn’t heard of TuneIn Radio, it’s a free app that lets you stream radio stations from around the world. I use it often. 
Any idea if old messages from one device showed up on the other after iCloud syncing?

E.g. if your iPhone messages only date back 1 year but your Mac has them back to 2 years, does your phone now have messages dating back to 2 years?
It’s the wireless connection that keeps dropping. If I plug it in, it works flawlessly
I briefly had the 2016 touch bar and I think it worked without fail on it. But on my 2014 air, not so much 
Is your connection wired? Mine works well wired but terribly wireless. 
If you have an Apple Watch and a MacBook that’s not too old, you open/wake your MacBook and it communicates with your watch to see if you’re in proximity, and unlocks the MacBook so no need to enter the password. 

For some people it works flawlessly, for others, hit or miss. 
My issues have mostly been with iOS devices, I spend less time on the mac.  The only "issue" is that unlocking with my watch doesn't always work, it goes through periods where it does and others where it doesn't.  But overall, my macOS experience has been pretty good.
It's a long list, but:

- airpods to not be glitchy for a few month period, and then the problem fixed itself
- carplay not continuously disconnecting (my current problem)
- macbook doesn't always unlock via watch (maybe 50% of the time it works)
- lots of bugs over the last few months with iOS 11 (they're cleared up now)
- various other things over the past year, no point in trying to recollect them all

Unfortunately, "it just works" doesn't apply to my experience.  I'm happy to hear that it has for you though.

If I'm telling a non-Apple user about the benefits of Apple, it's too risky for me to tell them it just works. Who knows if it will for them.
Someone probably told her this 8=======D was 7 inches. 
If the HomePod won’t have it for a while, I doubt Sonos will until even later. 
I’m still waiting for someone to post a more in depth review of the current iteration of messages in iCloud. I’d like to know how well it was able to combine different message streams from a multitude of different devices. 
Screw the Siri functionality, I have enough devices with her on it. 

Sonos + Airplay 2 FTW
You win 
“It just works” definitely doesn’t apply to me, based on my last year and a half with Apple. “It works well enough” is probably more accurate. 
Based on the original HomePod announcement last year, it seemed like the marketing strategy was more about sound and less about the assistant. But apparently, their marketing strategy has changed. Despite that Siri is still pretty useless. 
I'm eating moose meat as I read this.  Boyfriend and family hunt regularly. We're in Edmonton
Unfortunately not enough of you know
No VPN, I’ve never used one

Also, the disconnections happened again that evening. 
I could see some people still preferring the option of near black, for black smearing and eye strain reasons. Pure black is so visually appealing, it would be nice to try out. 
That’s awesome! Are the other 4 colour themes still available or did true black replace any of them?
That’s great to hear. I hope I can say something similar one day. 
>	2 secs to lit up the display

Same here. But with 4.2.2, so far it’s been fast! I hope it stays this way, otherwise my watch will continue to sit on its charger for days on end. 
I’m definitely not upgrading the OS right when the official build is released. Best to wait until all the kinks are ironed out with this one
That’s exactly what I expect to happen on my next drive. 

I’ve been chatting with Apple support about this. By next step is to contact Alpine for any info they have about this issue. And continue on the path of figuring this out. 
I started working out mostly for the appearance but now I do it more for the other advantages. Hopefully you start to see improvements in various different areas. 

Sorry about your week. I can’t wait for it to be over already 
Oh man, I feel ya. I’ve been through rough patches where I’ve gone to less than desirable gyms. Hopefully your find motivation despite this setback, I’m rooting for you!
I just got notice that my gym will be renovating one of the two locker rooms, the one that has the sauna and hot tub. 

It’s a good thing, but the timing is poor. Renovations will occur from February to May. These are the cold months when people use these facilities the most. It’ll reopen in time for summer when nobody needs an influx of heat before heading back out into the winter abyss. 

I just hope that they considered construction over the summer months and weighed the pros and cons. 
The white looks overexposed in the photo. It wasn’t as bright IRL.  

But there are parts of the app where they still use a white background. There’s still need for improvement 
The first couple factory resets didn’t work. I just reset it again this morning (coincidentally) and it worked well on the (short) drive to work. We’ll see this evening if it’s still working well, but in the other cases I didn’t. 

Thanks for the info though. Cross your fingers for me. 
STILL LOOKING???
RBC? That’s my main bank and they supported the X in miraculous time. Other banks, not so much. 
I’m hoping that in time, most will.

Except banking apps. They’re never going to.
Until you reach New Brunswick. Part of that province is French speaking, but further east is English speaking again.
Lies!  I’ll be having Nunavut

I got tired of these bugs, so I switched back to Narwhal.  Then I switched back to Apollo because I like it more, despite the bugs.

Nevertheless, please fix them Christian! We’re trying to be as patient as we can.
I haven’t worn my S2 much this past month. It got tiring waiting for up to 2 seconds for the screen to wake just to check the time. 
Don’t be so pessimistic. It’ll be here before the end of the decade. 
My first assumption is that if there’s a HomePod in the mix, you can’t use the Sonos app. My SO doesn’t have an Apple Music account which is fine because mine is tied to the Sonos account. Either one of us can initiate music and control it from any device. But I assume airplay 2 would require we both have AM accounts to play music, and I have no idea what would happen if one person starts playback and the other wants to control it. 

People on here tend to hate the Sonos app, so hopefully the airplay interface is nice. I’m fine with their app, and it works flawlessly without bugs or glitches, and between various users in the house. 

I think you’re smart in waiting for airplay 2. So you can test everything out at once. 
I only occasionally see Spanish on products. Mostly just English and French 
Both “oui” and “ouais” exist in both dialects. 
This is assuming airplay 2 is done right. And I really hope it is. 

The most I can say is that I “look forward to” trying out airplay 2. My Sonos setup is pretty awesome and is amazingly reliable. If airplay 2 can improve on that somehow, I welcome it. If I get any more excited, experience dictates that I’ll be disappointed when things aren’t amazing as I imagined. Considering it’s a third party company implementing Apple tech, I’d expect nom-optimal functionality. 
I made the right choice at Christmas to finish expanding my Sonos collection. I had a feeling the HomePod launch would be lacklustre, and it’s not even launching in Canada yet anyhow. 
Not available in Canada at launch either.  I think Siri is a fair weather gal, she’ll wait out the winter before her appearance. 
I’m glad I didn’t stop myself from expanding my Sonos collection, only to find out it’s not even available here on launch.

We’ll see what AirPlay 2 brings to Sonos this year.
Have you figured out any solutions with your slow S2? I’ve reset and set up the watch as new, twice now, but it’s still slow. Sometimes I’ll raise my wrist and wait 2 full seconds for the screen to turn on.  
Watch dots are great. White or black ones would look great on yours. 
I often run gps during my commute to see how traffic impacts its suggestions. 

It always disconnects. And my commute is about 15 min. It will disconnect anywhere from 2 to 5 times during that period, I’d say.  It might do more but I have no patience to let it keep going. It’s so frequent. 

I wondered if weather impacts the frequency. It started happening when I got the X, which is also almost exactly when the weather got quite cold. So I assumed at first it was the weather. But then on warmer days, it would still happen, making me realize it was probably the X. We get huge temperature fluctuations on the Canadian prairies, but this problem doesn’t seem affected whether it’s a warm or ice cold day. 

One oddity I’ve noticed, and not sure if it’s related: after getting out of my car, sometimes the blue CarPlay symbol on the top left of the screen appears. I mean minutes to sometimes hours after the last time my phone was connected. It’s not persistent though. I only see it for a split second when unlocking the phone. Precisely as follows: I wake my phone, and the instant after I start to slide the lock screen up, it appears on the top left. If I slide down the notification shade, it’s also there right up to the instant the shade is fully down. Then it’s gone. 
I’d love to know why hers is working! Did you open the news app? Did it work like the American version?
The Apple news widget works for me, but there is no associated app. You said you saw your friend’s widget. Did she have an app as well?
I was thinking I’d hooking up my parents old record player to my play:5. I need to use an amp for this? The signal coming out of the record player won’t work?
Considering it’s probably less effort to disconnect the external GPS than to reset and set up my phone as new (again), I’d be down for trying that. 

First though, I’m gonna test out your theory about the GPS. Maybe I’ll try wireless but without any navigation and without even opening maps. I’ll see if that makes any difference. 
I thought your username looked familiar. 

It’s nice to know it’s not the switch. I wasn’t looking forward to opening everything up to remove it and test it out. 
I’m really curious to see how Airplay 2 is implemented on Sonos systems. I’m hoping they do a good job of it. The current app leaves something to be desired, but I’ll be damned if it isn’t incredibly reliable and bug free. 
What did you do about your parking brake wire when you installed the head unit? Did you connect it to your parking brake? Or did you use a bypass?

I ask because I bought some bypass off amazon that would automatically switch off and on when the car started. I’ve been wondering if that could somehow be the cause, if it’s not working properly. 
I’ll try to pay attention to that, but never noticed anything. Is this only on wireless or when plugged in as well?

I assume Alpine will be totally useless. But i feel as if I should at least bring it to their attention, so there is more awareness and they’ll bump it up higher on their priority list. But, effort. 
This doesn’t look promising!

I looked at my old reply, and can confirm that my 5S worked with wireless CarPlay with no issues. So, like you, I’m stuck. 

I called Apple again and they tried resetting my phone and setting up as new. It worked great for about 48 hours and then the problem came back. So there’s something odd there. 

Have you talked to anyone at Apple or Alpine? Any more insight? I need to figure this out before the warranties are up
I feel like this is one of the “historic” headlines you see at the beginning of a movie, after which the camera pans across a post apocalyptic cityscape where AI has taken over the planet. 
I’m similar to you in that way. Sometimes it’s awesome to treat myself to something new, and just how I want it, even if it’s more expensive. Then I get comfortable with it and run it to the ground. 

It’s not about having the cheapest, most balanced approach (although I’d understand why many people would prefer that way). 
Well for the premium price I pay I expect a blow job from Apple and some pension payouts when I’m older. 
Do you have any family that has cable? My dad gave me his Shaw (Canada) login info, and I can watch cable on the iPad. 

Otherwise I just use an antenna for coverage from the local tv stations. 
I’ve been there! I think to an area where the nude part and the gay part overlap. It was probably the sexiest nude beach I’ve been to. 
And if you do get sand in your junk, it’s much quicker and easier to rinse off in the water. 
Random camping, canoeing trips in Alberta: Summer 2017 

If nobody else is around, it feels nice to get full body sun. 

Edit: are you talking wreck beach? I lived right by there for a year. There were some die- hard nudists that would be there even in the depths of winter. 
Are you home alone?
I don’t see “system” at the bottom of that list. The system files take up multiple gigs. 
I hear ya. If I haven’t checked time in a while, it can take a full 2 seconds for the screen to wake. On a watch just over a year old. 

The last month, I’ve just kept my watch on the charger some days. I do miss out on some things like setting a timer. So I’m not sure what I’ll do. I just know I’m not upgrading so soon. 
I hate them. This post just gave me the motivation to turn them off. Which is sad because I enjoyed being notified of meeting my goals. 
On my slow S2, I’m over it before the animation even starts. 
My S2 is slow as dirt since watchOS 4, especially when doing a workout. I’d love to know how much cumulative time I’ve spent staring at a black screen before it wakes. 
It’s either complain about this, or about the massive numbers of people still below the poverty line in this world. This has a higher chance of being fixed though. 
The smearing isn’t bad. It’s the same as scrolling through these reddit comments using pure black mode. I’m not having any issues with it. 
From every comment I’ve read on here and the Sonos subreddits, most people go for 1’s, and the 5 is the next most popular. So the HomePod is either more expensive, or has inferior sound quality, respectively. 
Sometimes I’ll take a slow mo video with my phone to see what’s flickering around me. 

There was an incentive program in my city where they’d come install LED lights for free in your house. So most of my house is now LED. and the lights look worse :(
This blows my mind. And verifies I’m not crazy. I’ve come across a few times where I swore that characters voices were higher. But I don’t watch much broadcast TV so I never thought much more about it. 

It’s just hard to believe that they’d be so shady as to do something like that. Yet, it’s not actually that hard to believe now that the shock is wearing off. 
I’m physically unable to go back to a phone with a home button. I’ve recently been diagnosed with a disease called Applephilia and I get severe reactions from home buttons. I was worried at first that I wouldn’t be able to use the volume buttons or side button on the X, but it ends up I’m only allergic to buttons on obsolete phones like the iPhone 7 and 8. 
Not that many people actually complain about the smaller charger. Most people I know plug their phones in overnight, so charge speed is not an issue. 

Somewhat related anecdote (but not representative): I gave my mom my 7+ with the small charger, an upgrade from her 5 year old phone, and one of her comments is how fast her new phone charges. 
So I just tried out playback over the whole group, as it seemed like the better option.  But there are downsides to that too. After I dismiss the alarm, the playlist and volume have been changed to the alarm’s settings. So I can’t just resume the last playlist I was listening to, pre-alarm.

I guess it’s too much to expect the alarm to function as an isolated event, so it doesn’t affect other activities like my previously paused playlist and volume settings.

This is a disappointing enough experience that I’ll just go back to using my smartwatch as an alarm.
There isn’t if you keep it off. And even when on, I don’t read the text while scrolling. Read, scroll, read. 
I’ve heard they’ll both arrive in “early 2018”, whatever that means. 
>	automatic unlocking when we arrive home, which so far has worked flawlessly.

It generally works for me, but sometimes I’m standing at my door, waiting for it to unlock for a few seconds or longer. 

A couple days ago I just went ahead and unlocked my door with the key because it was -30C and I had waited 5 seconds and nothing was happening. 

The unreliability of the lock has stopped me from getting any other smart home devices. I want them to be near 100% reliable or else I get frustrated. 95% isn’t good enough. It’s hard to beat lights that turn on/off every single time via a standard light switch, or a thermostat that has simple buttons that always work. 

The geek in me loves smart home tech. But the rest of me knows I’m happier with the old fashioned solutions. 
Oh? What’s the quote?
I just unfollowed everyone. It took maybe 10 min of clicking unfollow for everyone but I don’t have a news feed anymore. 

I’m guessing the chrome extension does the same thing, although wouldn’t be as effective to keep you away from the news feed if you feel the urge to turn off the extension. 
Stories like this always seem shocking to me. I’m in my mid 30’s and nobody in my life cares which tech you use. But when I think back to my high school years, i could easily see my classmates acting like you describe, if smartphones were a thing. 

I remember Levi jeans being popular. That little red tag was a status symbol. 
I used airdrop. 

Someone left an iPhone at my parents house after a birthday party for my grandma. We had no idea who it belonged to. 

My solution: I woke their phone (to the lock screen) and attempted to airdrop it something from my phone. Their first name appeared in my airdrop list and we figured out who it belonged to!
How common is it?

When I was learning Portuguese, I used to Skype with a student in Brazil. He would say that he needs to get out of “the jungle”. He eventually managed to spend some time in the US, but had to move back. 

I’ve met other Brazilians but they were all expats living in different countries, so I assumed his complaints were just unique to him.
Or just to show off that you have an X
I mean, they’re working awesomely for us now. And we’ve been Animoji free this whole conversation 
I haven’t used Animojis since the first week after getting the X. The concept is cool but emojis, Bitmojis or gifs convey my messages better
There was an adjustment period at first, where I’d say it was more of a negative influence than positive. At least when it came to the fluidity of social situations. But it’s gotten better. 
It seems if I hold down for half a second before scrubbing, it works more reliably 
My work PC is my only non-Apple device. So I use chrome’s password manager for anything work related, or for personal sites I may access while at work. Otherwise, keychain works just fine while at home. 
It feels like whenever I log in I get notified of new shows or new seasons of Netflix originals being added. And I enjoy most of them. 

It’s so convenient and I’m enjoining myself without just having to exit the ecosystem a whole lot. 
The news app doesn’t exist on my phone unless my region is set to the US. But then I get American news. So I stick to the widget. 
But then it pushes me American news. I get more than enough on here
That’s great to hear! Mine got faster both times I erased and set up as new. But then got slower again
The new season got released days ago, and this references the first episode. So many people will have seen it. A timely shared cultural reference. 
The iOS notes didn’t explicitly explain what was happening, so nobody actually linked the slowdown to battery issues.  

Also, I’ve heard that the blurb wasn’t included in the iOS notes until after the build was out for a couple weeks or so.

Transparency is what people want in this case.  Especially considering the issue is so widespread and is newsworthy. Poor PR strategy on Apple’s part.
I definitely laugh harder when I’m at a comedy club.  The vibe is much more fun than when at home alone in front of the TV.
Am I missing something? I only have Sonos (including a Sonos One), but I can’t add Alexa as a voice service in the Sonos app. It says not available in my country. Alberta here. 
I’m assuming that’s North Pole, Alaska.  It’s near Fairbanks.  My friend (who’s from there) went to school with the mayor, who is really young.
It backs up the full versions of your photos if they are 12 megapixels or less. So basically every photo taken by any iPhone. 
I really miss having a volume knob. I didn’t even consider that I’d miss the knob, but it’s inconvenient especially in winter. 
That’s the one I have (an older version I believe). I like how the keys have more “travel”, it feels like a normal keyboard
Oiler’s jersey!  Edmontonian here. Where was this filmed?
>	double tapping [the home button] and trying to use my fingerprint for Apple Pay seems almost archaic.

I actually preferred that way over for Apple Pay. 
This is me halfway through the first episode. 
It is to me. My vote is on the photo to the right. 
This has happened a few times to me. Whenever I add a quote, it seems. It frightens me how poorly I type without autocorrect 
Too big, need 20 cm, NEXT!
Too big, need 20 cm, NEXT!
Instructions unclear. Stuck in loop of opening all apps then closing them all. 
Dolby vision is supposedly better than HDR10 (represented simply by the HDR tag)

Also, I watched Dunkirk. It looked great! Enjoy
Maybe I’m getting old but I find it easier on the eyes to watch something further away than closer to my face. 

I do enjoy watching old 4:3 content on the iPad (such as Star Trek TNG) since the aspect ratios match. 
Came to the comments just to say this. 
The IT guy at my work is the desk job/woodworking/heavy lifting guy. You can be any type of IT guy you put your mind to!
I just don’t want my X to get slower or have a worse UX due to pushing its capacity to handle new software. As long as that doesn’t happen, I’m fine with software updates. But looking as how iOS 11 has been, I don’t have high hopes. 
I’ve started that task recently and I’ve been dropping them in Photos. That way they’re more accessible to show people and I can geotag them and change the date, and other metadata. 

How are you encoding your videos? The hardware I’m using (Roxio) encodes them in H264, but if I convert to H265 I can save a ton of space. But the 265 doesn’t work as seamlessly once in Photos. 
The keyword “speakerphone” also works
And you haven’t interacted with the app you’re currently viewing
I’ll rent from iTunes if it’s a movie I wanna watch in 4K HDR. The quality is top notch. Otherwise I’ll find another way to get the movie 
>	Maybe it’s a regional thing?

Nah, it’s just confirmation bias. You see a joint account made and hear it was about cheating. Then you see another joint account made and assume that was cheating related too, just that you haven’t hear the rumour yet. 
Which version? I have the ILX-107 and when using wireless, it keeps disconnecting and reconnecting. Plugged in, it’s fine. 
Only if you’ve got a whole box worth left 
Nah, stunts were never my thing
Have fun
The magic wore off a long time ago
I would never want friends like that. Ones who encourage that type of behaviour instead of genuinely trying to discourage it
This is /r/iphone. The phones own everyone here. 

-	typed by my human slave
According to various studies I’ve seen, the further your battery level drops below ~30%, the faster your long term battery capacity will degrade. Optimal is keeping your phone between around 30 to 80% charged. Less of a problem going above 80% than below 30%. 

In short, if you go below 30% here and there, no big deal. But if you can avoid a daily full discharge (close to 0), your battery capacity won’t degrade as much. 

Many people still think they should drain the battery fully as with NiCd batteries of the past. Lithium is the opposite. 

Every battery is unique and yours may degrade fast despite taking precautions, or slowly despite treating it poorly. So don’t change your habits too much. It’s a tool that’s meant to be used. 
I think she clearly understands that the person who got her pregnant isn’t going to be her other half. 
If your usage pattern stays the same then 32 GB should be fine. But if you find you use your iPad for more and more (especially if you want to load lots of movies for offline viewing, for example) then you might need more. 

I have lots of games and some videos offline and my 32 GB is fine, FWIW
The issue for me isn’t the angle, it’s that the phone is too far away and my face isn’t even in the camera. 

My issue was solved when I got a qi charger. I got a stand, so the camera faces me now. 
> I did not get the parking brake bypass

I installed mine on day one.  So I actually have no idea what features would be locked out.  My question is: it’s not much of a hassle without it?

> It did have a stretch where the wireless CarPlay features would not work. Wired would work, but no wireless.

Same here.  Ever since getting the iPhone X on launch, wireless would not work well.  I tried almost everything, to no avail. As a last resort, (just today actually) I reinstalled the OS and started set up the phone as new (ugh). But the wireless seems to be working, so there’s hope.

Re: the turn by turn issue, I fear your only course of action might be starting fresh.

> The usb charging rate is pitiful, it’s like trying to charge your phone with a AA battery.

I think it’s even slower than the small 5W adapter that comes with the phone.  On long trips, I might just bring out the old car charger just for speed.

> The Hey Siri feature seems to be much faster than when I started using the system.

You’re not just pressing the Siri button?  Or is this what you’re referring to?  It never seemed that slow to me, but YMMV.


Better than a bitch in both worlds!  :P
Well now that you mention it, he’s hideous. I can’t believe I was almost attracted to an upturned-nose freak.  /s
You might come on a little strong there, bud
I wish the average man looked like this
There are different solutions besides just deleting Facebook which may suit some people better. 

I considered deleting but I like receiving event invites (that’s how many are done, and I’d simply be excluded in many cases if I didn’t have an account) and it’s nice to keep in contact with people such as cousins and old friends whose numbers I don’t have, or may have changed. 

In the end, it’s about reducing one’s time sitting on the news feed looking at random crap that people post. Whichever method works is the best method for any given individual. Glad it worked out for you!
Instead of deleting Facebook, I just unfollowed everyone. Every single person. So my news feed is empty. That’s the real issue anyhow. 

People can still message me. I log in once in a while. If I need more regular contact with someone, we’ll exchange phone numbers. 
The most caring way is to unfollow them. You’ll be happy not seeing stuff that annoys you and they can continue to post as they please. 
No they don’t. 

Downs voted. 
I work in a white collar office building and my window overlooks a blue collar manufacturing building. Twice a day, a food truck pulls up outside the other building and honks. Workers come out and buy snacks. 

One day a few of us decided to walk over and check it out. It wasn’t a food truck in the sense of cooked food, but rather a snack truck selling very overpriced packaged items and pre-made sandwiches that you could buy for cheaper at 7-11, let alone just stock up on next time you’re at the grocery store for a fraction of the price. 

The truck owner asked us to spread the word in our building, but there’s no way anyone here would be interested in that sort of stuff. Two different worlds. 
Beats me why they commented 
It’s nice to get away from staring at a screen from time to time 
>	my grandma ... uses heirs to control her lights

Listen here grandson, if you wanna be in my will you better go turn off those lights for me
I think they were referring to Alexa learning your habits and personalizing what products are presented to you next time you shop on amazon
Because it’s easier, especially having shaky hands
You wouldn’t. Much like rest to unlock with Touch ID phones. Many people’s only notifications are from text messages. 
I wouldn’t use this feature, but I wish it was an option for anyone who would, such as OP
C’mon Apple, quit fartin’ around
I guess it’s simple to me because I don’t use a queue. I’m not a heavy podcast user. Often, it’ll take me multiple sessions to finish one podcast. Or I won’t finish one and go select another based on my mood. 

But I wouldn’t describe the native app as simple. Rather, as basic. If I listened to podcasts a lot more I can see how I’d be frustrated with it. 
Have you tried tweeting this error to them? Just another avenue that sometimes gets attention. 
Your blurb about google photos is exactly why I’ve been hesitating to back up my photos there (in addition to the iCloud Photo Library where everything currently resides). Its probably more paranoia than anything as I doubt I’d notice much, if any negative consequences in my life, but I don’t like the idea of anyone using my private photos for any purposes. 

Regarding Snapchat and the face scanning and corroboration, I don’t see the issue as being necessarily with Snapchat, or in the short term. But I see facial info and, as 3D scanning hardware improves, then scans of my house and environment, as being the norm. Some random app I use to measure stuff in the house will scan everything in my house and sell that data to google and they’ll be able to see what products I have and use, and do their analytics on that. I’m talking longer term, like 5+ years. I don’t like the direction this technology may take us. 
Wouldn’t Snapchat just assume that the face that is used most commonly is the account owner’s face?

If Snapchat compared all the facial scans from associated with an account, separated each scan into groups of similar scans (E.g. one group of scans would probably belong to the owner, and other scans would belong to friends’ faces), then they could assume the most common face was the user’s

They could even match up other faces scanned with anything similar on the database. So if your sisters face is scanned by your Snapchat and then her face is also scanned by her own Snapchat, those could be compared to track stuff like who you associate with. Not much different than current facial recognition via Facebook, but still, another data point to work with. 
Sign up for various sports and social activities, to keep yourself active, getting out of the house, and meeting new people. Break out of any routine you’ve had. Don’t let yourself stay home for the entire two months and become a hermit. Take this time to experiment and find what thinks contribute to happiness so you can continue the best ones once you get back to work. 
>	My worry with a Face ID is accidental transaction authentication.

That’s not very likely. You have to double press the side button (what the power button is now called) to authenticate. 

TBH I don’t like it because it’s more work than authenticating with my finger resting on the home button.  But this was probably designed to avoid any issues like what you’re afraid of. So I get it. 
6S is actually the last one to have the headphone jack, if you don’t count the popular SE which also does and is newer and a tad faster. 

The 5S is still in circulation, lots of people are still using it. It’s quite special because it’s the first 64 bit phone so it can keep up with the latest firmware, and the first with Touch ID, so it’s convenient to unlock. 

The 6 was a redesign but not a great bump in speed. And the larger screen means that my old 5S is faster than a lot of people’s 6’s. And less issues, attributable to the redesign. 
I get 3 weeks. After 15 years it’ll go up to 4 weeks. That’s the max. 
I say “Shazam”
Heck, you don’t even have to be straight or rich, you just have to get people to believe you are. Or easier, to get people to not believe that you aren’t, since many people are wilfully ignorant. 

In the states, it’s often less about godliness and more about wealth and social status.  



The option exists for phones with Touch ID. This is what people want, the option similar to “rest to unlock”
>	Ive also thoufh about lights

My problem with the cost is that they all cost more than the $0 to keep the existing, not-that-old standard LED lights I have. And I never have to troubleshoot any problems I might encounter with them because the only problem is they might burn out and I have to replace them. Nothing complex. 
Don’t forget the time and effort figuring out what failed and how to fix it. 
iPhone SEX^2
Have I had this thing for a month already?! Time flies 
Looks like their French autocorrect is turned on, which is why “and” turned to “ans” and “just” to “juste” 
I’m curious how many hours per day you’ve been averaging? I’ve had mine since near launch and the batteries are still fine. But this might give me an estimate on when to expect mine to degrade. 
Rumour is new SE next spring
This couldn’t come at a better time. I made my first macarons last weekend and coworkers raved about them. So I was voluntold to make more for the Christmas bake exchange on Monday. I’ll try these out!
When they grown back in, you have to touch them up.
Careful, you might get a potato instead
Yeah they’re way off!
Your first paragraph is what I’d like. So I’d switch the audio source to the Apple TV but have the headphones connect themselves automatically to the Apple TV. 

The best i can figure is that I should first connect the beats to the Apple TV before AirPlaying, by holding the play/pause button. Then AirPlay. It would be nice to remove that step or make it simpler. 
Saw the Aqua album, tried to search for it, but I don’t see it on my Apple Music. Maybe it’s cause I’m in Canada?
(´･ω･`)
ಥ_ಥ
I’m with RBC and it’s pretty much the same process to send money via their iMessage app. Except I can send it to anyone. Maybe look into that if you’re hoping for something convenient for now?
Wow, so this is pretty much the same process of sending a money transfer via the RBC (Royal Bank is Canada) iMessage app. Except I can send to any android user or iPhone user who doesn’t have Apple Pay set up. 
“All but [adjective, gerund]” = “almost completely”. This is a more formal and less common usage than the one below. 

Unlike the much more common “all but [noun]” meaning “everything except for”. 
Measly app developers should be at the beck and call of any minor changes decreed by the Apple Gods. 
I literally found out about infuse yesterday. Installed it and it indexed my NAS without hassle. It’s just what I was looking for. No need to keep a dedicated computer running
You’re welcome :)
I read that as two deep gashes that are 1/2” long. But who really knows. Too much exaggeration in the post. Doesn’t seem impartial. 
I never said that. 

In a sub where many people have actually had every single iPhone, saying this is hyperbole. When people recognize hyperbole, it unfortunately degrades the believability of the remaining content, even if its accurate. 

FWIW, having those 4 phones does give you a good understanding of the iPhone lineup over the years
“I’ve had every iPhone, with the exception of half of them, oh and not the early ones either”
The fire twig
I use Apollo for iPhone, and Narwhal for iPad.  The dev for Apollo has it in his plans to work on the iPad version in the near future, so I’ll check it out again later.
Apollo for iPhone, Narwhal for iPad
Any that you recommend?
Thanks, I just downloaded it and it’s great! I have NAS storage and it’s awesome how I can download from it for offline storage
>	I choked reading texts 

You would get shy if you choked on big texts 
I’m curious why you say that? Genuine question. I have my wallet in Airbitz and debating moving to another wallet. Was considering Coinbase and GreenAddress. Not sure which to move to, if I should move at all. 
I’m frequently in areas with poor internet. And even with a great connection, relying on apples cloud servers is often more a pain than I would expect. 

256 has been an awesome change in experience. My music plays instantly, my photos and vids don’t need buffer time, none of my apps are offloaded. I’m happy to have paid extra for this smoother experience. 
It’s the only messaging app I use besides the stock one. 
Probably for the best. Let’s let others figure out any kinks before it rolls out globally (knock on wood there aren’t any major ones). 
Apple asks and I opt out. I just checked google maps and I’m sharing location data, so by not asking, they got my data. 

I wish I could be mad at Google but they’ve made a decision that works well for them. 
If he’s neutered already then I wonder if the person who did that would have given him a chip. I’d have though she would have told me when I adopted him though
Or you can use ICloud Photo Library on your iPad Pro and select download all so you always have an offline copy if needed
I went the opposite as you, from a 32GB 7+ to a 256 X. Relying on the cloud became such a pain that I was willing to pay for the convenience. But it all depends on your use case and the reliability of your internet connections. 

I just found that even when my internet was fast, apples cloud server speed was unreliable and often incredibly slow. Videos would stop to buffer despite that I could watch a 4K iTunes movie without issue. 
Yes it will delete immediately. I had low space on my last phone so once uploaded, the photos and vids would be offloaded to the cloud. 

It was annoying because I would have liked them to stick around for a bit since I’d wanna send them to friends or show them, and have to wait for them to download again. 
I have Shaw go and haven’t figured out how to add my watch to that service. Do you know if you can?
Would be better to ask if crown points to hand or to forearm. 
He would take any money he can and like a magician would make it disappear 
This would be awesome to see if a sub is even worth exploring or if it’s basically dead
Nobody in my life cares about phones in general. The main useful functionality is available on any phone at any price point. 
I mean technically you weren’t wrong. French is spoken in Quebec so a person from France can’t come in and say “no”. Just like an English person can’t just say an American word is wrong. ;)
[heres a map showing which word is more popular](https://moverdb.com/wp-content/uploads/Castellano-Espanol.png)

I watched the movie when traveling Central America and it was called burger rain. 
How do you set it up? I’d love to figure out a way without having to keep the MacBook on since it’s often on my SO’s profile 
It was beautiful but I never used it. 

I remember getting the original iPod touch since the iPhone wasn’t available in Canada. I still vividly remember seeing cover flow and scrolling through it all the time just for the smooth animations. 
I haven’t found a way to do this using just my AirPort Extreme and an external HDD attached. Not without using another computer on the network
That’s good to know. I’ve been trying to figure out the big deal. I’m the *only* one I know who uses Apple Pay. So I’ll stick with Interac transfers then. 
She uses an iPhone X?
Cool thanks, I’ll give that a try right now. 

Edit: it worked! Thanks
> Star Trek TBG

Star Trek: The Best Generation?
Well it does look like she’s under house arrest. So if she wanders out of her home area, BAM.
Canadian here. [It doesn’t say US only on my phone.](https://i.imgur.com/hBueG0U.jpg) There’ll be a lot of Canadians who think this will be part of the update since it’s explicitly mentioned.

Edit: under “learn more” it says US only.  Perhaps they shouldn’t be mentioning that on the main screen of the update outside the states.
I also had the tray for the X out, so I might have mixed those two up! I will check, thank you
I cut one a couple weeks ago when I gave my mom my 7+. She looked at me like “is this for real?”.
5S, 4S, and 3G. Thank you for playing, best of luck next time. 

Edit: I could be wrong with the top one, it could be the X. I also had its tray out. Sorry if I mixed them up! Now I have to check that I didn’t switch trays. 
You’re describing my trip through Europe. 
I just called Rogers to unlock my work-issued iPhone. They said because it’s not a consumer or small business account (it’s a larger business account) then the free unlocking doesn’t apply. There would be a $50 charge. 
I feel like I’m living in the future having an X
Just came across this sub. So it’s about posting old pics of hot people? 
After this one step, would the control centre be a card just like the other apps, where you’d need a second step of tapping on the card for it to expand to full screen?

Or would the control centre fill the entire screen, and the other cards would go away? This one is probably a quicker scenario. 
Similarly, when someone texts a photo, the person receiving it can look up the metadata which can include a geotag. I’m surprised Apple lets that info be included by default, as it could be a breach in privacy or safety in rare instances. 
My CD collection was entirely in one of those large CD books (8 to a page, 4 on each side). Over the course of a couple winters, pits developed in the surface of my CDs likely due to the freeze thaw cycle. I didn’t figure out the problem until it was too late.  So essentially the decision was made for me. 

The majority of my acquired music was downloaded from Napster and stuff. But I lost track of that collection a few years ago and can’t find it. 

So, streaming music it is! I’ve been brought to this point due to misfortune and convenience. And it works fine enough. 
Quite often, you can’t even help. 

One of my uncles has been homeless most of his adult life. Even though he remains in contact with everyone and has had various forms of help, nothing actually changes anything. 

When informing him of my grandpa’s (his dad’s) passing a couple days ago, his words of condolence were “if you need any help with the financial side of things...”. 

This is just how he is and always will be. I’d rather help someone far away who has a better chance of improving their situation. 
If you’re looking for speed, you can also say “Shazam” to Siri. 
That’s correct. The proper segue is “Now if they would only fix [next item on list of complaints]”
I hope this will be me in a couple hours. My cat has been missing for 10 days and I got a call this morning from someone who thinks they have him. He said he’d call again in a couple hours when he gets home and confirms, and then will bring the cat over. Fingers crossed!
I could see myself going down in size again if the smaller option still met my needs in terms of battery life, camera, and other important features. Likely it won’t meet my needs for a number of years, as the smaller size will probably be reserved as a “budget phone”. 
2:1 (or 18:9 as some prefer) is ideal on the X. It uses up maximum space without infringing on the notch. Stranger Things is shit at this aspect ratio. 
I was excited to go to a smaller screen size from my plus, I could never get used to carrying such a large device. 

TBH I still feel the X is kinda big. But if I go much smaller, consuming content would be harder on the eyes. So it’s a happy medium. 
Either one works. Sorry, I mean either one works. 
What’s interesting is that whenever I plug into USB I have no issues, minus one or maybe two times. 

I’ll see what I can submit from my end 
So is your issue similar? You have the ILX-107 and the wireless boots you off?

I booted up the old 5S and have been using it the last couple days. No issues with wireless CarPlay with it. It’s on iOS 11. 
After being on the iOS 11 beta, I’m very happy to not be on another beta for a very long time. But if I can help in other ways...?
My father in law spent some time learning French a couple years ago, which overlapped my learning efforts as well (we’ve since both slowed down for now). He’s in his late 60’s. 

He had time, interest, and motivation. That’s all that mattered. I learned a lot faster than him, but who knows if age even was a factor. He had fun and that’s all that mattered. 

If he had a goal to become a professional interpreter or something very specific and difficult to achieve, then he could face some major obstacles. But for many (or most) of us, we learn out of interest. So age doesn’t matter. Nothing matters, as long as you’re enjoying yourself. 
Best: when everything works together well

Worst: being at one company’s mercy 
PSA: instead of pressing harder the second time, just release the pressure (but keep touching the screen lightly) and then apply pressure again. 
Caroline in the City! I used to love that show. 
This was a year ago when I got an Apple TV. He tried a bunch out, more out of curiosity, and deleted them the same evening. 
My brother has an Android.  After coming over to my place, in a matter of minutes, he had downloaded a number of apps from the Play Store that could cast to the Apple TV.  

None of the apps were as reliable or provided the full suite of casting features as just having an iPhone. So you’d have to search for different apps to see if any cast locally-stored videos.
I’ve never seen someone shave their widow’s peak before.  Let it grow out, they look fine.
I wear my watch to bed because I use it as an alarm.  So I charge my watch as I get ready for work in the morning. That's usually enough. If I need more charge, sometimes I'll give it a boost before bed.
They need to let that home bar disappear. It stays on constantly and won’t auto hide. 
The one that thinks they’re too cool to have fun?
“Our boss is so nuts, he’s got the newest phone with maxed out specs while our phones don’t get updates anymore. Then he acts like he forgets how to use our phones. He cray cray”
I pressed and held the side button and volume button when locked and I could turn off my phone 
So I guess it means you’ll have to return and buy again?
Same thing happened last year to me.  I stopped by the store (it’s close for me) and they did a little return/re-purchase right there, and gave me the gift card.  I kept the same iPad or whatever it was.
And what better place to do it than anonymously on the internet
It’s almost too great. I set video capture to 4K 60fps and the file sizes are huge. I’m keeping it at 1080 60fps by default and will capture in 4K only for special instances. 
But if you want to, I’m sure it’d be easy
Same here. I usually have a case and occasionally take it off. I feel like I get to enjoy it the way it was intended, but prefer the day to day experience with a case. 
I take my case off from time to time and enjoy the look and feel of the device. iPhones have a truly beautiful design. But for day to day use, I prefer the feel of leather or plastic over hard metal or glass. And the (slight) extra thickness feels more sturdy. 

I don’t like the “clack clack clack” of laying a naked phone down on a hard surface, and the wobbliness due to the camera bump. Though when I occasionally use my 5S, I go caseless. 

I’m sure the extra protection has saved me from breakage too. 
I think the issue of burn-in has generally been hyped within the Apple-verse due to lack of personal experience of many people. I had a Galaxy Note 2 for two years (so, one of the older OLED panels) and never experienced any burn-in. The newer panels are even better. 

In the case of google maps for hours at a time, keep the brightness low which will significantly reduce risk. Keep an eye on any signs of burn-in and take action at that point. It’s not worth it to compromise your preferred use of this tool. 
No fan wire, otherwise I’d probably do that.  I do have a brother who is an electrician, so he may help with pulling a new wire.  But I’m fine with returning the thermostat, I’m pretty fine either way.
Same here (only the rubbery bumper part, not the hard clear back). They replaced the case with one that had a coloured bumper and clear back. 
Purchasing one if day true
I have an ecobee sitting in its box since last week, when I bought it and found out I only have 2 wires.  We’ll see if I get motivated enough to find a solution before the return period is up. 
Back in 2012 I was annoyed that the Apple wasn’t making larger iPhones like Samsung. So I switched. It was nice to get to know Android and have some new stimulus to entertain me. I’m back with the iPhone because I prefer it more. 

But I didn’t make the wrong decision. Life is dynamic and it’s more fun to have more experiences. Why not switch and see what it’s like first hand? You can always switch back later if you want. 
I’m sure I’ll rarely use it, if ever. None of my friends with iPhones have set up their wallet, and no interest in doing so when I mention they’re eligible (and I’m in Canada where Apple Pay is widely accepted). 

I’m in my 30’s, so I rarely transfer cash with people. Usually we split the bill or one person pays it. Otherwise, I’ll continue with the regular eTransfer methods. 

If I was young and we all had iPhones, I could see it being great. I’m sure it will be used lots in niche groups. 
I got a new phone a few weeks back and set it up as new, and paired the watch and set that up as new as well. The problem persisted though. I could do it again but I’m doubtful it’ll solve the problem and is a lot of work! But maybe I’ll have to
It doesn’t but there are YouTube tutorials on how to drill one 
And most people will be fine with the next OS update coinciding with their next phone purchase. They only have to learn things once every few years. 
>	many ... people actually don’t give a single fuck about updates

This is something I’ve been questioning, the actual need to receive updates. 

I’ve got an iPhone and I’m a tech enthusiast, and it’s fun to play around with new features that come with updates. But it’s also annoying to lose features I’ve gotten used to, and deal with bugs on every .0 update. Most of my friends (30’s and up) don’t care about new features and see it as a hassle to learn a new UI, and worry about their phone getting slowed down.

When it comes to security updates, that’s a big plus, but not a single android user has complained about security issues on their phone. So is it really that big of a deal?
I didn’t think of that... I usually use feedback to submit feature requests or bugs that don’t really affect me badly. But it doesn’t hurt to submit this issue thru that avenue too!
Yeah I’d agree with you on that. It’s probably interference then. Hopefully Gen 2 fixes the problem!
There are many different things you can save on iCloud and there are toggles for each one. You can toggle everything else to off, except for keychain. 
I just did it. It took me 8 seconds. Literally less time than it’s taken me to write this reply. And I saved some kid from accidentally learning a swear word. I’m a good person. 
I’m gonna call Apple support and mention this issue. It might help if you do too. We’re not the only ones with the issue, I’ve been chatting with others with the same problem!
>	but I’m not confident they’ll have a reasonable solution

That’s what I’m afraid of too. My watch and phone have both been set up as new, so I can’t seeing a reset solving the issue. 

Let me know what happens tomorrow after your commute?

BTW, I’m envious of your commute. I loved not needing a car when I lived in Van. We don’t have such a luxury on the prairies. 
I’ve heard of interference in urban cores, but it still shouldn’t be that bad. I live in a low density neighbourhood in Edmonton and the same problem happened regardless of whether I was in a park or downtown. 

What is your next step? Your watch can still be replaced if it’s the issue. Mine is just over a year old, so the warranty is up :/
I’ve narrowed the issue down a bit: if I put my Apple Watch on airplane mode then the AirPods don’t cut out anymore. So now I’ll have to discuss this with Apple to see what can be done to resolve this. 

Someone else with the same issue tried this as well, and it also worked for them! But it’s not really a solution to keep the watch in airplane mode. 

Do you have a watch?
They gave me a new pair but it didn’t fix the issue. But it looks like the Apple Watch might be somehow causing the issue, as someone mentioned they’ve heard stories of that being the case. I tried putting the watch into airplane mode and no glitches at all! So now I’m not sure what my next step is, but at least I’m uncovering the problem. 
It could also be something more complex than interference, where the functionality of the Bluetooth radio of the phone is somehow affected when it’s also transmitting something to the watch. Who knows. But if it’s not a common problem then maybe Apple won’t fix it 
They replaced the case, saying that might be the problem, and booked a follow up appointment.  The case didn’t help.  So in the follow up yesterday, they replaced the buds as well.  But at work today it was obvious the problem still wasn’t fixed.

Today someone on reddit told me it might be the watch.  So I put my watch in airplane mode and 3 hours of listening with no glitches!  

I’m not really sure where to go from here. I reset my watch only a couple weeks back, and didn’t restore from backup. So I could try that again (ugh) just in case it solves things, but I’d doubt it.  I might give Apple a call to see what their thoughts are because this is an odd situation.
Do you have an Apple Watch? If so, try putting it in airplane mode and see if the problem stops. Someone suggested that to me and I’ve been issue-free the past few hours. 
I was passing through a small village in China and was with a girl with curly blonde hair. She had to just accept that people would be coming up to her and touching her hair without asking. 
I believe it’s the Play:5 that has the mic. 
>	completely uninterested in their product announcements

Well it’s probably for the better anyhow. Buy what you need instead of what’s flashy and exciting. 
I have the S2. Let me know what happens with your watch on airplane mode. I’m planning on testing this out for another day and then I’ll call Apple care to discuss. I’d love to share your experience as well!
An update from my last reply: I put my watch in airplane mode. I’ve had zero issues the past hour or so!
This is my biggest frustration with discovering a new artist. It would be awesome to have them separated out. I’ve submitted feedback, please do so if you haven’t. 

feedback.apple.com
So interestingly, when I play music directly from my watch (at the gym or on a run outside), playback is flawless. It’s only when playing from my iPhone. 

Still, that doesn’t exclude the possibility that when I play from the phone, that my watch is causing issues. I’m gonna try putting my watch on airplane mode and see what happens. 

The problem seems worse at work. So maybe my mouse or PC are causing interference.
Did the Apple store swap them out? How is the new pair?

I’ve had mine since last year and they’ve been doing the same glitch, from ear to ear. It’s been getting worse too. So I got them swapped out yesterday. Sadly, they still glitch, but both ears at the same time instead. 
My biggest issue is that they cut out frequently, maybe once a song, and I can’t figure out why. Even after getting a new phone, setting it up as new (not from backup), and just yesterday Apple even swapped out the AirPods for new ones. Yet it’s cut out 5 times in the last 5 or 6 songs. 

I’m sitting right beside my phone, and listening to Apple Music that’s downloaded to my phone. I’m at a loss :/

Interestingly, I don’t have any issue when playing directly from my watch. 
I agree with your frustration (and share it too), but I think the negative backlash comes in response to the shift in price tiers of smartphones, something that with expensive cars happened a long time ago.

We know there are expensive cars and that their value (for most people) does not match their price.  This it nothing new to anybody.  But phone prices being hiked up with little actual increase in value (for most people, not enthusiasts) is a shift many aren’t happy to see.

Still, like you say, if you don’t like it then don’t buy it.  But there are many people who are used to getting the best and now they’re not not happy that they can’t justify getting the best anymore.
I’m over dark mode.  I *need* black hole mode.
I can imagine the meeting that took place: “We need to revise our app design ASAP. Otherwise a small handful of our customers who get the X on day 1 are going to rush to reddit and complain it’s not ready yet, and going to switch their funds to another bank, because they simply cannot stand to look at our app for another second”. 

I get that it’s annoying when banking apps take 3 years to update. But a couple weeks or even months, whatever. 
Google Keep, Chrome, and Drive are already updated. Maps is the only one I have that isn’t. 
100% black looks amazing 
Typing this as I walk outside in -9C, works like a charm!
It makes me wonder why the phone can’t unlock outside of a certain distance range. I’ve been having issues unlocking my phone at work since getting an upright qi charging stand. It’s located by my monitor and I have to lean in for it to unlock. Likewise, a couple of times I’ve tried to unlock with my face really close and no dice. 

Hopefully they improve things over time, which I’m sure will be the case. Are you going back to a Touch ID phone for now? 
>	buggy as hell

Same here (early 2014 MacBook Air). 
If you have “require attention” turned off, then there’s no reason why the X wouldn’t recognize your face as it would anyone else’s, provided you place your face at a distance not too close, or two far from the phone, and the angle of your face isn’t too extreme. 

If you keep the phone, you’ll have to retrain how you unlock the phone so that your face consistently falls within the workable limits described above. Maybe you can find someone to help with that if needed. 

On a side note, I’ve watched various people try out Animoji on my phone, with varying success rates. The people for whom it works poorly, I’ve observed behaviour that might explain why. E.g. one guy who tilts his head down (as if he were looking above his glasses, but he doesn’t have glasses) and brings his face too close (maybe he does need glasses). The proximity and angle of his face is probably why Animoji doesn’t work. This could be similar to your situation. 

Anyway, good luck in trying to retrain yourself! If not, then I’m sorry it didn’t work out.  And hope whatever you replace it with works out better!
I upgraded my phone and set it, and the watch, up as new devices without restoring from backup.  It made things a bit better, but still slow. 

I only use stock apps, but they're slower.  Raise to wake is slower. The music app and workout apps are slower.  And if I'm recording a workout, then everything is painfully slow.

How's things with your watch lately?
It's been pretty slow for me since 4.0 (now on 4.1 as well).  I got a new iPhone, so I set it up from scratch, and same with the watch.  No restoring from backup.  It's a bit better, but still slower and less responsive than before WatchOS 4.

Like you, raise to wake is slower, and if I'm doing a workout then it's painful. Especially if GPS is running.

How's things for you?
Did you end up doing an unpair/re-pair? If so, how did it work out?

I got a new iPhone, and set it up from scratch.  Then paired my S2, and set that up from scratch as well.  No restoring from backups.  The watch is still slow though, especially when a workout is running.
This sounds like my nightmare. Both sleeping in super late, and also having coworkers come by my house. 

Hopefully tomorrow goes better for you!
If you’re willing to wait, there are rumours of a new SE in March, two years after the current SE was released. But this is just a rumour at this point. 
>	Eventually some company will come up with the idea of offering all of the streaming services in one bundle and it will be Cable all over again.

I don’t think that will happen. Cable was the only option for many people, as the cable companies owned the lines going into the houses. It was the only way to get your channel into people’s homes. 

Now this barrier doesn’t exist. Sure I think companies will try to bundle services together, but no *single* company will be able to bundle together *all* available services. 
It seems longer than 5 seconds for the iPad (I’m testing this out on the iPad).  Not sure though, I’d have to spend more time trying it out.  It confuses me too though.
My thoughts: CC would persistently be the card on the far right. So if you’re still within this 5 second period and you swipe left expecting the CC, you’ll be out of luck. Either you have to wait out the 5 seconds, or keep swiping left until you get to the CC.

I think the above scenario would meet most user’s needs.  Most people probably don’t need the CC within 5 seconds of switching apps (and NOT interacting with the app you switched to). But maybe there’s something better.
How would that work though?  The apps take on an order based on when they were most recently used. They would have to be reordered at some point.
Isn’t it wonderful to be happiest with what you already have?
[Canadian amazon site](https://www.amazon.ca/dp/B075XCC6YX/ref=pe_3034960_233709270_TE_item)
I just listened to this. It was painful how the guest kept going on about how long you have to wait with your finger on the screen for the app switcher to get pulled up. Someone needs to tell him to swipe up and right. 
>	try dragging it from left to right. You can clearly notice the effect

No thank you. Ignorance is bliss. I’m gonna go now 
It’s been two days since some of these photos were uploaded. Maybe you’re right, and it needs a few more days to download all of them. 
I got a cheap stand charger that only does 5W. Since I have it on my desk at work, I’m writing this from a phone that persistently is at 100%. 

I don’t see how 7.5W would make any difference in my situation so I’ll stick with the 5W.  Maybe if it’s the weekend and I need a quick boost during the day, I’ll plug it into my iPad charger at home. 
Thanks for the link!
I think I like this functionality overall as well. It was nice to find out the actual length of time, cause I kept getting confused which way to swipe to get back. 
They do. Either you’re full screen and you see the notch, or it’s zoomed out a bit and there is a black border all around the content

For someone who watches a lot of movies on their phone, this could be a deal breaker. 
I think you’re right actually. I’ll edit my post 
One friend asked “doesn’t it get in the way?”. I mentioned how content is designed around it. Except movies wider than 16:9. 
Something definitely seems odd here. Your best bet now is to call Apple Care. 
Huh. Well I guess it’s too late now. :/
I was so confused too. It’s -8 Celsius here and I’m about to do my 10 minute walk to the gym. I’ll put on gloves cause it’s cold. And I’ll use my phone as I walk, maybe through my gloves if it’s simple stuff like changing songs. 

Now, if it were -30 or -40, I wouldn’t be using my phone, id be getting there as fast as I could. 
I retained my Face ID by progressively moving my scarf up over my mouth and tip of my nose while unlocking the phone with each minor movement upwards. Now I can unlock with a scarf on. 
My friend is still using his 5S after all these years. I’d try, but I’ve already gotten Face ID to learn my face with all sorts of winter gear on. 
I believe burn in issues increase significantly the higher the brightness level. Maybe keeping the brightness down during navigation, as opposed to maximum, would reduce any issues. 
I just got a seneo and so far so good. I wanted a stand so I can unlock while charging. Face ID doesn’t work for me when the phone is flat on the desk unless I lean way over. 
Yup! I tried it when I got Touch ID. Was cool
You got me. I’m too shy to admit this on here. I’d break the internet 
What’s this about a revenge porn cloud?
First thing my friend did with touch ID was register the tip of his penis
OMG I just tried making a weird grimace. It took three tries with the same grimace, and entering my password. On the fourth, it recognized me!
[And if it breaks, it still works like a charm](https://i.imgur.com/6XT3zDE.jpg)
It was strange, when I heard rumour of the notch, I assumed they’d black out the “ears”; it was the only design decision that made sense. I was surprised to see they didn’t. 

But I’m real life, it’s fine. I prefer content that fills the screen than where the top is blacked out. The only annoying thing is when watching content in landscape that’s wider than 16:9. Which I never/rarely do on a phone. 
The question is, how reasonable a person are you? 

I’m definitely not. That’s why I splurged on an X.  :)
It worked fairly well with my 7+. Not perfectly but no major issues. 
Nope, I installed an aftermarket head unit, Alpine ILX-107, into my 2004 civic. 
Were you at the concert I went to tonight? I dropped my ear plug and some guy picked it up for me. Like thanks, but isn’t that gross?
The best thing: the experience that is actually attributed to three separate but related features: the full screen, the lack of home button, and the use of gestures that takes its place. 

It feels more natural to interact with this device in that way. I’m glad that the designers went all the way, instead of a slow transition such as an on-screen home button. 

Runner up: OLED screen (typing this from Apollo on pure black night mode). Looks fucking amazing. 

Worst (relatable) thing: control centre so far away, and reachability is uncomfortable too. 

Worst (unrelatable) thing: my wireless CarPlay is busted and I don’t know how to fix it. And “Colgate” is annoying and I want to see a fix before my 2 weeks is up. 
I set it up as a new phone off the bat. I wish that was the problem. I also reset all settings of the head unit today and the issue happened within the first couple minutes. 

My next step: I’ve dug out my old 5S, installed the new OS, and downloaded some offline music. I’ll try it out tomorrow and see how it works. It’ll help narrow down whether the issue is with the X or the head unit, I hope. 
I bought a cover off eBay. Not only did the material feel cheap, and it didn’t fold nicely or sit perfectly flush (I have friends with the Apple cover so I know what to expect, but it broke after a week of use. 
I don’t know why I never thought of this. Oh well, too late. 
Yeah 11.1.1 :(

I just dug up my old 5S. I’ll load some music on it and test it out. It’ll at least tell me if the problem is with the phone, or the head unit
Yeah I agree. I actually had a separate issue that I didn’t mention to you, so that’s fixed. And TBH I’m ok with the white noise if it’s not a defect. 

I’d prefer to be able to keep ANC off by default cause I don’t need it often anyway. But it keeps turning back on each time. 
I just got my replacement. Same issue, still has white noise. How about yourself?
If you can wait a while, then keep track of the rumours to see what to expect.  It’s a bit too early yet to rely much on rumours so far, which afaik only indicate the possibility of some features making it to the iPad. 
Yeah, my brother did one online years ago.  I’m just afraid it might not be as solid a document as one made at a lawyer’s office, so I’m trying to investigate more before I decide.
I definitely don’t.  It’s not a bad hairstyle though
A Seneo 3-coil stand.  I usually prefer to go with MFi or trusted brands, so I hope this works out.

[Link (Canada)](https://www.amazon.ca/dp/B075XCC6YX/ref=pe_3034960_233709270_TE_item)
10/10 would tap.

Sorry, X/X would tap.
Colgate
Hopefully she loves it! But either way, it’s good she doesn’t dislike it but keep it and let it gather dust. 
Macrumors announced the last two
The touch screen doesn’t register all my touches when outside in the cold. This is a larger issue though. 
Refocus you OCD to require as many apps in the app switcher as possible?
I just ordered a qi charging stand (inclined) for this reason. 
What do you think your next phone will be?
[The top and bottom bezels of the 10.5 were reduced compared to the previous year's 9.7.](https://cdn.cultofmac.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/9.7-inch-v-10.5-inch-2.jpg)


Sure thing. It’s Friday after work. Remind me if I forget. 
Doesn’t even have to be an L. It can be a strait line that’s inclined at 45 degrees right of up. 
Any rumours whether tv content will continue to be available to Apple Music subscribers, or of they’ll make it a separate service?
Freezegate

It’s not even -10 C here and I’ve noticed this. I’m scared for what will happen when it’s around -30. 
I’ve noticed this the past couple days too! Now that I recall, I think I was outside each time. I was wondering what was wrong 
Their displays are top notch
But I currently have most iPhone users under mobile and have had no issues making or receiving iMessages or FaceTime. 
I wonder how many faces you will be able to add. One wouldn’t be enough. Heck, I’d prefer to add two to my X. 

On a separate note: 

>	Apple plans to noticeably reduce the size of the edges on the top and bottom of the device for the first time since its introduction in 2010

Uhh, the 10.5 was a noticeable reduction in bezel size, especially if you compare to the original iPad, but even compared to my 9.7. 

I like my bezels, I don’t need to maximize screen size on a device I keep at home all the time. 
It looks nice in low light conditions when viewing darker content. 
Really? I’m returning my X right away then. /s 
That could be true. The store is on my commute, so it’s not much of a hassle to stop by after work. Thanks for the help :)
I just booked a Genius Bar appointment :)
Thanks for the response. I’m going to take mine in for repair! I can’t believe it’s been almost a year and I just assumed this was normal. 
I definitely didn’t expect these answers! And I can’t believed I just presumed the glitches were normal. I’m glad I still have time in my warranty!
On the flip side, if OP keeps their phone for years, there’s advantages going with a design that’s been perfected, than a redesign that might see issues over its potentially long lifetime. 
Ha, good pun
Edmonton here, no issues with my August lock last winter, or this one so far. 
This happened to me too today. Never happened before on my 7. So odd 
I already have a charging stand for my watch that looks nice, and works well with my Milanese. And I don’t charge my AirPods daily. So AirPower is not really for me. 

I haven’t gotten a charging pad yet. Hoping for something where I don’t have to place my phone too precisely. 
I hope you don't drop yours! Like seriously, you don't need to "learn a lesson".  You know the benefit, you know the risk, and you made a decision.  I hope everything works out!
I really wanted to go caseless with the X. It's a beautiful phone and I can understand why people would prefer it without a case, even with the risk.

I lasted one day without a case.  It looks nice, but I just don't like the hard feeling of metal or glass for day to day use.  And I'm constant worried something will happen. 

My solution: I treated myself to a leather case instead of my usual plastic/rubber cases. Feels great, provides decent protection. 
According to the downvotes in this post for any comment saying this is an annoyance, I’m guessing people are still too excited about everything iPhone X to start talking about any of the little downsides. 

I’m thinking the same as you, just let the phone turn off for a split second and then bring up the wallet, if a second press is registered. Regardless, it’s not a big issue either way.
But if I turn that off, would it mean I have to bring my phone up to the POS, then let it scan my face? This would be inconvenient if the POS is not located in a close spot. I’m sure I’ll get used to the delayed screen shutoff. 
As far as I know, CarPlay only shows whichever app that you have open on the iPhone. 

If anyone knows a way to achieve what OP is asking, I’d love to know. 
The spoons in my cutlery drawer are all different sizes. Some even prefer to lay with the forks, or even the knives. 
Same here, for a Note 2
It worked, thank you!!

It didn’t go smoothly the first time, but after a few attempts, and adding a couple different steps, it works!

I just hope there’s no issues from here on out. For either of us!
Sorry I should have mentioned it’s X only. I realized after that just mentioning “home bar” wouldn’t be good enough but I couldn’t edit
>	that I hade a very difficult time getting my phone to link to wireless CarPlay.

Which model do you have? I have the ILX-107 and haven’t been able to get wireless CarPlay to work. It does however work by plugging in via USB. Wireless used to work with my 7+ so I’m not sure what the issue is with the X. 
Do you have the ILX-107? I can get wireless CarPlay to work. It only works if I use USB. 
Even better is just swiping right of left on the home bar, without swiping up at all. 

It’s my favourite new way to switch between apps since I’m normally just trying to return to the last app I used anyway. 
I’m using it right now, it’s dark outside and the contrast looks so good
You just made me buy pro to get the pure black dark mode. Thanks!
It’ll do like a turtle and go up inside
There’s about a week of winter where yes, I probably would!
That bumper looks pretty nice, I might check back with you about how it works out
Nothing!  Yet.

I’m waiting a bit to hear all the personal experiences from you guys, and will decide later.  I’ll probably be getting a case and a qi charger.
I heard you can, and they’d likely get it for you.

My appointment is 8:30am, so I’m gonna grab it on the way to work!
Yeah I was thinking I’d try out different scenarios and see how each works.  But you’re probably right.  If it even lets me scan my face with a clunky hat on.
Tech is so polarizing. It’s an easy topic since people have phones with them all the time, so you can easily see who has an iPhone, who has an Android, how new the phone is, etc. 

A Korean friend of mine uses to live in the Gangnam neighbourhood in Seoul (the rich one that’s sung about in the song). There’d be people who would push around super expensive baby strollers, much more expensive than anything they own inside their house.  Why?  Because image.
When I was in junior high, every kid HAD to have Levis jeans.  They begged their parents, pleaded if necessary.  And when they got them, they felt smug enough to judge anyone else who didn’t have Levis until they, in turn, due to peer pressure went out an bought a pair.  In Grade 8 I was the ONLY kid who didn’t have that little red tag. I didn’t even wear jeans.  I wore sweats because.. fuck them.

I see the same thing with Apple users.  Some are smug as shit.  Some have a vapid attitude like “oh..  I didn’t even know there were other phones besides iPhones? Gross”. But most are normal people who just like it better and don’t need to rub it in others’ faces.

It’s the same shit as always.  It’s people being shitty people, and people being awesome people. It’s the product that’s different is all, and the product is fine.
Saying stuff like this is a perfect example of why apple users get the hate.
To answer the inevitable “but why the iPhone in particular and not other wasteful materialistic purchases”, I think it’s important to include that smartphones are one of the most ubiquitous personal purchases that remain on one’s person most of the time.

It’s common to judge others based on their wastefulness. But if someone swaps out new appliances all the time, wastes lots of water, lets a lot of food rot, eats half their meal and then throws it out, most of these things aren’t easily observable by others.  However, smart phone choices, along with fashion choices and, lesser so, vehicle choices, are easily seen by many and therefore, easier to judge.

Unfortunatly for many, iPhone users get generalized as more materialistic, less tech savvy, and more image-conscious than other smartphone users because, well, many are. But as OP mentions, it’s a judgment that can be very misplaced in many, or most, cases. 
You have to use your password, by pressing the home button a few times until the Touch ID fails and asks for the password.  Which is why I’m looking forward to Face ID!
Last year I stood in the longer lineup to try to grab a 7, while there was a short lineup for people who pre-ordered.  This year, I’m going to the short pre-order lineup. :)
You can buy gloves where the fingertips have material that works with capacitive touch screens.
I saw a post that said to download the Handbrake Nightly Build from their website.  It works.
Do you live in Sonoma? I visited there a few years back. It would rank high on my list of places to move to.

Winter might be fun for her, or difficult, or both, but if she tries to make the best of it (not sitting at home being bored) then she might come to enjoy it. Many Canadians grumble about the weather and try to avoid it as much as possible. But it’s better to make the best of every situation, life feels richer. 

I’ve always wanted to experience an earthquake! I even lived in an earthquake area for 6 months but never felt one. Oh well, probably for the best. 
I spent years of my life asking that very question. I moved away, and spent a bit of time living in warmer places. 

I moved back home because, well, it’s home and I missed being away from everyone I know, especially family. And I really like this country (laws, culture, politics, diversity) more than any other I’ve been to. 

I’ve taken up winter sports and I actually like them more than summer ones, which is nice. Still, the day to day stuff in cold weather sucks. But every place has crappy aspects. Just ask my aunt who lives in Houston, and she’ll tell you about her flooded house. 

Also, I could never get used to the heat of hot places. 
I just watched ijustine’s new video but didn’t see this scene. Is it from her sister’s video?
It may have 3D Touch. But I wouldn’t expect it to have everything the 8 has. This is assuming Apple wants to continue the SE line as a “budget” phone, and therefore restrict it from having the full set of features of the more expensive 8. 
Not covered, but with hat above and scarf below. 
As a canadian, the bottom two worry me. I’m already all bundled up with hats and hoods and scarves, etc. maybe I should scan my face with all my gear on and see what happens. 
I’ve had a plus phone for over a year now, and the only time I use landscape is for video and for viewing landscape oriented photos. 
Mine yellowed so Spigen provided a replacement case. But they only allowed me to select from a colored case (clear back and colored bumper) as a replacement. 
Are you getting the X or waiting for a larger one?
The width is what I’m looking forward to, the plus sizes are kinda wide for my hands

The SE, however, is too narrow for me, as much as I love its pocketability 
I’m picking mine up at 8:30 on the way to work.  I’ve got a few coworkers who will be excited to check out the new phone, so I’ll probably do a basic setup so that animojis work.  Then I’ll set up the phone properly in the evening!

If I stayed at home, I’d be playing around by myself, which I can just do later.
How about the way each of the different coloured leather cases age?
Can’t cook me dinner or give me a blow job - compromise
“Check our all this graffiti. This one graffito is my fav. Hey how’s your panino by the way?”

says no one ever
I hate when I get a spaghetto stuck in my throat 
I just checked again and I see a charge on my credit card  :)

Seeing the size of that charge tho :(
I see a charge on my credit card now  :)
>	maybe...we will all accept this new price point for the flagship device

We’ve never *all* accepted the prices of flagships. Many of us choose the year-old models, used devices or now, the SE. The X will just become yet another level of ridiculousness to many people. 
Too bad I don't use ringtones anymore.  I don't even know which ringtone I have selected currently, and not sure if I'd even recognize it was my phone ringing.
In Canada too. My in-store pickup says "order in progress".  No charge on my credit card yet.  So we're in the same boat I guess?
In Canada too. My in-store pickup says "order in progress".  No charge on my credit card yet.  So we're in the same boat I guess?
RemindMe! in 30 years
So they just updated it as people are moving to the X?
Isn’t that what this subreddit is for?
Are you not able to fit your entire photo library? Cause then turning off optimization may be best. 
I’ve noticed the same thing, and find it quite frustrating. To the point where, among other reasons, I’m switching to a higher storage phone this week so I don’t have to use optimize storage. 

I’d love a setting such as one of the following:

-	Store most recent photos offline, up to *X* GB
-	Store photos offline dating back to *X* date. Photos prior to that date can have originals offloaded to the cloud

Otherwise it seems kinda random and is annoying when I’m in poor service areas. I use my phone for work and personal, so there have been field trips where important photos have been pushed to the cloud overnight when I need them offline during the day. 
Will do
She’s used to a smaller phone, so larger text might be easier on the eyes while showing the same amount of content on the screen. Thanks
There are days I don’t even use it. It’s at 81% and I charged it a couple days ago. I’ll take it into Apple. 
Yeah that’s what I use
Good idea, I’ll do that
If the sky is the limit (within reason), it would definitely be automation of the cleaning and organizing of the stuff in the room. 

I’d say “it’s cleaning time” and all the dirty dishes would be cleaned and put back in the kitchen, garbage would get removed, the room would get cleaned and all my stuff would return to their default spots. 
Right now if I’m outside I have to take off my gloves to use Touch ID, or enter my pin with my capacitive glove fingertips. 

But with the X, it’ll scan my face and I’m good to go. 
Thanks, I’ll show her that. She may find it easier on the eyes for everything to be a bit larger. 
>	Almost all of them are single coil and require extreme precision when placing your phone on them

This is where i expect airpower to gain a distinct advantage. If you can just toss your devices on it and it works, the layperson will love it  

If this thing lets you charge 3 devices at once and you don’t have to position them accurately, I agree. It won’t even be in the same category as other wireless chargers in terms of functionality, and therefore price. 
I got so sick of using a corded mouse at work that I brought in a wireless one that was sitting around at home. Such an improvement!

Some coworkers have noticed and got excited that the company is giving them out now. When I told them otherwise, they lost interest. I tried to explain how cheap they are, and how nice to be wireless, but apparently if the company isn’t buying, then they’ll be ok using something inferior for 40 hours a week. 

However, one of my coworkers took it to the next level and brought in an ultra wide curved monitor. Respect. I’m all for trying to get the company to give us better equipment, but I understand the manager’s restraints. Sometimes you just have to see the value in an upgrade on your own dime, instead of suffering. 
I remember this from last year as well. “I just switched to Apple Music on my Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus 256GB, any tips for a newcomer?”
Maybe if filmed in pitch black?
Can someone explain some of the benefits of keeping old messages?
Albertan here, got my order in a few minutes past 1am, for a November 3 pickup. Yay!

I’m loving the app! I’m probably gonna buy it soon. Would this count towards our provinces’ equalization payments? /s
I have this exact combo. I use 4K HDR at 60Hz. I switched to DV 30 Hz a few times specifically for content with DV, but I couldn’t notice a difference. 

I have chroma set to 4:2:2. I was able to get it to work with my old HDMI cable, but I also got the hi speed cable Apple recommends, by Belkin (Apple sells it) and it works with that too. 
I got in thru my iPhone, but even after completing the order, the app on my iPad still showed the “coming soon” page.  Even minutes later.  
My initial thoughts: fully black for the home screen; mostly black for the lock screen but with a “floating” image.
My photo library is currently around 50 gigs and growing, because I’m in the process of importing all my old digital photos backed up on hard drives.

I have optimize storage turned on, so only about 1 GB is used on my phone.  The phone just stores thumbnails and downloads the image when you’re viewing it.

If you look at your icloud storage then that should match the 18 gigs in your second photo
Me too!
In Canada you can
I noticed that too. I assumed they would go all Apple. It’s nice to see variety. But I like it most when they use nondescript devices. 
> just for fighting fire with fire 

That’s part of the problem. If someone makes a bad comment, then report them. Replying just adds fuel to the fire and leaves a comment train of toxicity. 
What’s rarely talked about is Face ID’s potential to allow embedment of various levels of security within the iOS experience. 

Currently there are very few areas of iOS that are behind an authentication wall. Think of when you have to enter you pin or use Touch ID to change some sensitive settings. But there are other areas of iOS that may be sensitive to the user which would be cumbersome to access if authentication was required. Such as accessing the text messages app. 

With Face ID, the key benefit is that no action would be required by the user to authenticate. It would be done seamlessly without even noticing. So text messages could be locked and only visible when the user’s face is detected. Or the hidden album could be completely hidden unless the user’s face, and only their face, was present. Then the album would appear among the list of albums, and also be accessible. 
Gonna let my dongle hang free
I’m gonna be a naturist this time around. At least for the first while. 
I have an iPhone but saying FaceTime still sounds weird. I prefer using generic names where possible. But video call sounds a bit awkward so I still resort to FaceTime :/
That’s cool.  From what I remember of that show, they were *very* Apple-exclusive. Even shooting an apple device episode one time.
Same here! Except I’m the only one I know who has them.
That iPad looks terrible to hold. I grip mine by the bezel. 

Bezelless is great for the phone, but if I’m not carrying around a device then a small bezel is fine. 
If I gave my grandparents an iPad, it definitely would be the 9.7” simply because it’s easier to see and press buttons and links. 
Really? I’m in Canada and we have the TV app now with iOS11
I’m imagining for scenarios where it’s raining and you have all your gear on and don’t wanna spend time taking your phone out and connecting it. At least in a car, you are shielded while doing that task. 
This looks like the perfect candidate for wireless CarPlay. Instead, you have to put your phone in some trunk or storage space? What were they thinking when they designed this?!?
Thanks! 
If it’s porn, what are you using to view it? For example, if you’re viewing using VLC, then you can open iTunes and drag the files into the VLC app storage. 
I wish Siri would be able to connect my headphone to my Apple TV when I ask, or do other simple tasks in my settings. 
Thanks, that helps. I’m using Apple photos and been editing metadata with “get info”, so I’ll use the keywords. 

Do you know of any good guides on how to edit metadata in Apple photos to get the most benefit from it? I love how if I include georeferences, I can view a map of where all my photos were taken. Other perks like that would be nice to include while I’m doing all this work. 
You have to use the Siri watch face 
Thanks, I’ll look into this
O 
Before all these distractions existed, it would get too dark to do much of anything, people would get bored and go to bed. Ever since candles and other light sources came about, we could be productive during the dark hours, and it changed our sleeping patterns. 
I get it.  It’s a great way to stop yourself from dropping cash on impulse. 

Right now I’m waiting on a number of better things to come out, which means I’m not dropping loads of cash on getting every toy I want right now.
Except you can’t stream music over Bluetooth with the 107.
I have the 107.  You cannot use Bluetooth to stream music. If you have an android, your only option is to use the line-in.
That’s my question as well.

I’m going through a lot of photos with my parents and grandparents and digitizing them. I’ll be asking them who people in the photo are and plan to include that info in the photo somehow.  So I want a way that’s transferable, should I want to use a different service than iCloud Photos in the future.

My first thought is Google Photos, since I plan on uploading everything there as a backup to iCloud
> The 2 and 2 XL look related, but significantly different

They’re just different phones. Like each of the Nexus phones. Google wanted a way to get more money so they rebranded their lineup with a new name and hiked the price. Those are the most significant differences. 
That sounds cool, I’ll keep tagging. Any idea if tags are stored in the photo’s metadata, and if they’re exported with the file when transferring it elsewhere?
That was actually the first thing I tried. It’s great for a quick scan and share, but after doing a few batches of photos, I decided I wanted to go higher quality. So I’ll use a dedicated scanner and use negatives where available. 

At first I just wanted to find a quick solution. Now I think I’ve found myself a little winter-long project to chip away at :)
Are we talking about face tagging? I have only recently started tagging some people’s faces. Is it worth it to do more of this?
I’m not sure I understand your question. But if you have the iCloud Photo Library enabled, then there are multiple ways of importing your photos. The easiest would be connecting your external HDD to your Mac then dragging and dropping into the Photos app. Then they’ll upload to the cloud and sync to your devices. 

A warning though, this may not be an easy task, like in my case. Most of the photos were imported with incorrect dates. And there are other small challenges you may encounter. You also may need to buy more iCloud storage. The difficulty depends on how particular you are about how your photos are organized.
I’ve had people ask why I wanna have all these photos on my phone. But to me it’s about having them all in one centralized location (iCloud), and accessible by any device. With no additional work whenever I upgrade devices. 

I have one dump of photos from a friend’s DSLR taken during a long trip, shot in raw. I haven’t gotten to them yet. Did you keep them in raw format when importing?
A coworker is gonna lend me a scanner that’s dedicated to print and negative scanning. It’s got a holder that hits various sizes of negatives. 

There are services that do this but TBH half of this experience is about the act of going through these photos and videos myself, many of which I’m seeing for the first time! I’ve been connecting with relatives to see what they have that I might wanna add to my collection, which is also fun. 

On a sadder note, my grandparents are getting really old and not doing well, so I wanna go thru their photos and get their backstory before it’s too late. 
*Sorry grandma, but it’s your fault that your lack of familiarity with technology, and awareness that people put nudes on these fancy thingamabobs, caused you to see me and my same sex partner doing things you’ve never heard of.*
An important question is how much of a charge do you want to have by the end of your drive?

If you’re merely hoping to exit the car with an equal or greater charge than when you entered, then wireless should be fine. Also, if your commute is long, you may be able to build up a sufficient charge with wireless. 

However, if you need to build up a sizeable charge during your commutes, and especially if they are short commutes, a 2A charger is gonna give you way more juice. 
A couple weeks back, I started undertaking the massive project of importing all my old digital photos into the Photo Library.  After that, I’ll tackle old prints and negatives!

On my watch today, it’s showing me old photos of a trip to China in 2005. I’m excited to see what other memories it can provide after I’m finished!
On the X they should automatically hide the hidden album if someone else’s face is detected. 
What I expect from the author in a few weeks:

*”Five reasons why I love my iPhone X more than the 8 plus”*
About a year and a half ago I think
I realized the benefit of uniformity when a group of us asked someone to take our photo.  A few people handed her androids and started describing where to press the button, and she got overwhelmed and asked if anyone had an iPhone.  She'd take just one photo and we could distribute.

I handed her mine, and without even needing to wake the phone for her, she got into control centre and opened the camera app.  I didn't even know the camera could be access that way (I always swipe left on the lock screen). 

Whenever a feature is uniform across the iPhone, it makes it easy for the layperson, be it that they need to use someone else's phone, or they upgrade from one phone to the next. A uniform experience.
I haven’t called Apple yet. Before I do, I’m curious if your experience is similar to mine. My issues are: 
* Static only when ANC is on
* Static is unvarying in quality 
* Static is constant in volume, so it doesn’t increase as I turn up the volume
* It’s not noticeable when playing music at higher volumes, but definitely noticeable for quiet music and podcasts

Also, have you received your replacement and how is it?
I replied to the person who posted that link. The hardware build for my Play:1 doesn’t match either of the two mentioned in that thread. Mine is 1.20.1.6-1

I bought mine earlier this year. I’m in Canada. 
That’s interesting. The hardware build for my Play:1 doesn’t match either of the two mentioned in that thread. Mine is 1.20.1.6-1
I think the update is getting rid of it. I’m not entirely sure if the swipe up on the X will go back to an open folder, or directly to the home screen. 
This is how I approached the problem, and worked well for me. I unfollowed everyone, so whenever I logged in, I’d see nothing in the news feed. It killed the addition quick. 

Now I log in a couple times a week to check messages or invites. But I don’t see anything people post. And I focus on communication by text, calls, and hanging out with people. Interestingly, most people I hang out with these days either don’t have Facebook or don’t use it much. Maybe it’s a coincidence, but I’ve noticed I don’t hang out with some friends as much since the big unfollow, and those people were heavier Facebook users. 
I have the August lock. It’s fairly similar in function. My main disappointment is if I’m out with just my watch (namely for jogging), I can’t unlock until I’ve arrived home and the watch connects to the phone, then I ask Siri. The whole thing is too slow. 

With an S3 I’d be able to unlock before I approach the House. Maybe I’ll go that route someday. Still, NFC would be better. 
I’m seeing the same high prices in my searches. I don’t mind spending the time actually, as it will be a nice winter project and it’ll get me visiting various family and talking about old memories. 

A coworker has a scanner he can lend me, and a VHS to .mp4 dongle, so that’s probably the route I’ll try first! But the Kodak APS film might be a challenge since it’s not “normal” film. 
Even in this case? Despite the advantages? Why?
Thanks, I tried that first.  I couldn’t get the contrast the way I wanted it, the photos looked quite overexposed.  It still gives decent copies, but I’m hoping for something quite accurate, if not too costly/time consuming.
This happened to me last week and the left one was dead while the right still had ~30% charge
Same with mine. I wanted to try it out. Did they give a timeline for fixing it?
It would be nice to have a section within settings that would provide that toggle for each app. It would be particularly convenient with Face ID enabled phones because you wouldn’t be required to take any action when opening a protected app. 
I’ve been using 60hz HDR. I tell myself that I’ll switch to 24Hz DV for specific content where available but to be honest I haven’t been able to notice a difference with DV, so I don’t bother switching. 

Maybe if I really try, I’ll notice a difference between HDR and DV, but why bother. 
I’d like to upgrade but I don’t want the hassle of asking the boss about adding the watch plan. Even if I offer to pay for it myself, there is still a hassle involved figuring out how. 

It’s moot for now since my carrier doesn’t offer it. But they will eventually. 
Log into iCloud.com and look at your photos. I just did, and I see my hidden folder on the cloud. 
Thanks, I’ll take a look at it
That’s pretty good! That would suit my needs well. 
This is more of an Album curation question than a photography one.  Please let me know if there's a more appropriate subreddit for this.

I'm undertaking the task of consolidating all the digital photos I've ever taken, and digitizing all my photos from the pre-digital era.  I'm wondering what people do to organize their photos, to get ideas for myself.

All my photos from digital cameras are in folders, named with the date and the event type (e.g. Christmas party 2005). After the smartphone era, they're a series of photo dumps (e.g. photos from samsung Note 2, 2014 to 2015). I've got mostly Apple stuff now, so I was thinking of dumping everything into the Photos program, making sure the dates are imported correctly, and then creating the albums where possible.

If there's any better ways to do this, I welcome advice!
That’s an interesting read up! I think I had one of the EC cards when I was in Germany.  I was working as part of a student exchange. I had to go to a “Rathaus” I believe, get some stamp, and then I opened a bank account so my pay could be deposited.  Despite that, I pretty much always used cash.  This was 2003.

It’s not sounding like Germans would trust, or simply care much about Apple Pay. Even most Canadians I know with iPhones don’t have it on their phones, and are only vaguely aware of its existence. Which is too bad because even a year after having it, I still love using it.
So that’s actually not much more than the low 400’s you had before.  So there’s still a lot of available space?
A lot of concern in here about whether or not you’re gay. It would be nice if people cared this much about actual important things in life. 

A few questions for you if you’re open to answering!
* How does the general feeling differ from a solo jerk odd session? E.g. is it like going out for dinner with a friend vs by yourself?
* what’s a funny or memorable thing that happened during one of these sessions? 
* Did you ever experience awkwardness in the beginning?
* Have you had penis envy? Like in the literal sense of feeling bad thinking your buddy has something better than you
* Is cumming ever synchronized?
* Have you made up any challenges or games?

I could ask way more things but that’s enough for now!
Cool, let me know please :)
What codec are you using for the avi? And why did you choose avi as the base? And is the avi the interlaced version you’re keeping before using handbrake to convert them?
Are you still able to add more songs and playlists?

My watch seems to cap how much music that I can add, but I can’t tell if it’s based on total size or number of songs. But I get little red circles with exclamation marks inside, beside the playlists that aren’t able to sync. Despite that I have a few GB of free space left.  
I may have been a little preemptive when I described how I’m planning to digitize them. I know very little about the process and trying to find out the best way. 

I just looked up NTSC-DV. So is this the way videos were encoded during the VHS era? It looks like they were interlaced, so I’d probably want to preserve that and convert them like you did. 

What kind of equipment, computer, and program did you use to initially transfer the video?  For converting, I have handbrake so I’m familiar with that. 
Is it supported on the 3rd gen ATV?

I’m planning on digitizing the childhood VHS movies my parents took when I was a kid. H.265 is attractive because of the smaller file sizes. But I want to make sure the videos can be viewed on my iPhone 7 and be airplayed to my parents ATV3. 

I’m not sure about the frame rate of these videos but I was thinking 60fps and 1080p would ensure they don’t show much sign of digitization. 
Have you found a solution to this?  I've just stumbled across this problem.
I'm about 3 months late, but I'm wondering if you ever found a solution?  I'm trying to convert old .avi and .wmv files into the newest format, but Handbrake hasn't worked for me either.
Did it work? I can't import videos coded as H265 in the .mp4 container into Photos. I'm using handbrake too.  I'm trying to take old files (.wmv and .avi) and convert them to the newer hevc format
What file type to you save them as? I’ve heard mixed reviews on using the new HEVC format. Just that it’s not widely adopted yet and may never be.

My plan is to sync to google photos when I finish digitizing and organizing my entire library. I use iCloud storage for my library but it’s not a true backup since if something is deleted off one device, it’s deleted everywhere. 

I read that google only allows a certain maximum photo dimension (and I’m not sure about video, I should look that up), but that the max is actually a decent quality. So I’m thinking it should be fine as an emergency backup. 
Thanks, let me know what you find out
Good plan, I’ll call them up and have a discussion. I’m also hearing more outside noise come in from the left than the right. Despite good physical seals on both sides 
Is that true? My series 2 caps my offline music at some indeterminate point, where I still have between 2 and 3 GB free on the watch. 
That’s good. So I’m guessing it’s not supposed to have any sound at all when in a quiet environment. Or some noise, but not as much as you had?
What did Apple support say about the white noise? I find it annoying that it’s louder with ANC turned on than off when I’m in quiet spaces. Also, it seems that ANC turns itself back on whenever I turn on the headphones...
The width of the X is much closer to the 8 than the 8+. Usable screen real estate won’t be comparable to the 8+.
And if I do wanna watch something, it’s already half over, or doesn’t start for another hour.

And then has commercials.
I had this problem thru a number of iOS 11 betas. After getting to the GM, I figured out the issue: under settings in Siri & Search, I needed to turn everything on. Now it works fine (even on 11.0.3). 
Not having a clear vision of how I want my place to look, combined with moving every couple years.

We plan to be in the current house for a few years, but we have a basement we developed to rent it out. And the backyard is terrible (the garage is located smack in the middle of the yard). So we’ll probably move once more when we have kids and live there for years. 

The state of transience dampens my desire to spend time, money, and effort in setting up this place to the degree I would prefer. If I were staying then I’d start with kitchen and bathroom renos, tear down the garage and put a new one in a different location, then go from there. But given the current setup with a basement suite, I think those would be sunk costs come time to sell the place since prospective buyers would likely buy it as a rental property, and rent out both floors to students (we’re near uni transit). 

TLDR: transient accommodation, so my challenge is working with a purposefully constrained budget, lack of desire to spend time and effort on anything major, and searching for superficial renos to spruce up the place until moving to a more permanent abode. 
I'm literally listening to it right now.  It says updated today.

In Canada if that matters.
What you describe is how I feel about the phone.  For that reason, I would get the 8.  


Yes, the 7 is a great phone, but considering that you have the potential to keep your phone for multiple years, and you’re upgrading due lagginess on a phone that’s only 3 years old, I’d have a hard time recommending that you get a phone that’s already a year old. If lagginess is a concern, get the 8 and you’ll be protected for another year beyond the 7.
They removed the option to save or discard that was presented after finishing a workout, since most people didn’t need the option, they just wanted it saved.

If you want to delete the workout, you’ll have to go into the app and delete it. It’s a little more work, but for the majority it’s probably a rare occurrence.
It wasn’t under Jobs’ watch.  First thing he wanted to do when returning to Apple was kill the Newton
And here I had the left AirPod to skip tracks backwards, yet I never use it.  I’ll change it to Siri, thanks!
If they’re sold out in 5 minutes, then wouldn’t everyone who is super prepared (has it set up in their favourites and is waiting there at the strike of midnight PST) get their hands on one?
I don’t even know what to do anymore. LG doesn’t give a shit. And I’m pretty sure your source is correct and mine isn’t.
I get this white noise too. Kind of annoying at very low volumes, or between songs.  
You're holding it down too long.  Press and hold for about half a second (at which point the 5 lights will light up, or less if your battery level is lower), and then let go, and the 5 lights will fade to off. 

If you hold too long, it goes into pairing mode.  Or if you simply press and release, then the lights will turn on to indicate battery level.
That makes sense. I’ll have to test out other sound environments. But TBH I wasn’t expecting to use the ANC feature very much since I’m in fairly quiet environments most of the time. 
Let me know what kind of reply you get from your tweet, please. And if you get your TV to work.

One thing I noticed is that, despite talking about the B6 tv that I have, in the latest response in that screenshot I gave you they said C6. Its probably just a common mixup of the two, because the internals are identical, but maybe not?
I just received a pair.  I've been testing them the past 10 minutes.  Here's a few thoughts:

* They fit very comfortably, my ears are completely covered

* ANC turned on doesn't seem to do much. I'm still hearing rustling of papers and background noise which I wouldn't hear on other noise-cancelling headphones.  But on the flip side, I'm not feeling an uncomfortable pressure on my eardrums like with other types of noise cancelling.

* Playing soft music, the sound quality is quite clear and nice.  

* Playing EDM, the sound isn't very bass-heavy if I don't change EQ settings.  The AirPods sound quite nice with bass-rich songs when EQ is set to "off", but the Studio3's sound too sharp on the treble side.  Turning the EQ to Electronic or Hip-hop improves the sound, but they're still not that nice to my ears.

It's only been 10 minutes, so I have more tweaking to do.  I'm feeling a little sad that I may have to get used to changing the EQ setting depending on what I'm listening to, something I never do. 

My gut reaction is disappointment to the sound, which was the opposite to my reaction to AirPods, and to the Solo3's I had for a brief period last year. I'll see how these go over the next couple weeks.
[Here is the response.](https://i.imgur.com/g5Jys0M.png)

Apparently the TV does allow the setting. I’ll try fiddling with deep color again and see. 
I was surprised to see it’s only $400 CAD up here which is cheaper than the $350 USD. 
Yeah I don’t see them digging around much or causing problems. 

I’m probably giving my iPhone to my mom when I upgrade, so at that point I can reevaluate if the current setup is still the best. 
Digging thru iTunes more I see both of those. Thanks!
On a related note, is there a way to find out when movie rentals and purchases are on special like that?
Is HomeKit a "control system" or is it different somehow?

I have an August smart lock which uses HomeKit through the Apple TV as a hub. But looking into more HomeKit stuff, it doesn't seem like the ATV can actually be used as a single hub for most HomeKit compatible stuff.  If I want Hue, I need their own hub, and if I want some smart blinds by Lutron, I need a hub for that too.

I'm a bit confused by it all.  How does HomeKit factor in to all of this?  
I have a question for you about HomeKit. How does this factor in?

I currently only have one smart device, an August smart lock.  So it uses Bluetooth, and connects to HomeKit via the Apple TV. So in this case, my ATV is the hub?  But a very restrictive hub that can only operate other 

* Bluetooth devices that are HomeKit compatible?

* Non-bluetooth devices that are HomeKit compatible provided that I buy another hub that can communicate with the devices?

E.g. I've been looking into smart blinds that are HomeKit compatible (Serena by Lutron) but they want me to buy a proprietary hub.  I don't want to be building up devices based on HomeKit only to have to buy a bunch of hubs.
She didn't find out until she was a teenager (the younger one). I was a teenager at the time and also found out.  The mom/grandma didn't feel the need to tell her.  She seemed to take it fine, although who knows how someone really feels with news like that.
I’m doing a move for similar reasons: from 7+ to the X. I got the plus for the battery and camera, but I don’t like the big size. The X checks all those. 
Any excuse to put off buying something expensive that you don’t need, is a good excuse in my books. Doesn’t matter if the reason seems petty. It just saved you a grand
There’s been so much hype around this phone. Where there’s hype, there’s disappointment. 
> 30Hz vs 60Hz is noticeable. 60Hz vs 120Hz casually scrolling, not so much.

I’m in the same boat as you. I welcome 120Hz but without urgency. 

30Hz however, and 24Hz in film, is quite noticeable to me. Particularly during fast motion scenes. The smoothening setting on TVs helps alleviate this a lot, although sometimes I notice artifacts 
Me too! Then the next day, the memory faded and everything looked normal again. 
I have cousins like that. They are sisters. But one of the sisters is the daughter of the other. Since the one sister had the other at a young age, the mom/grandma assumed responsibility and decided to raise them as siblings. 
If you force touch or long press on the song, a list of options pops up. Then if you press on the artist and album name at the top, above “add to library” then it’ll take you to the album the song is from. 
I have a 7+, and I’m not used to upgrading frequently so this is going to be an exception.  That said, I’m in no rush to get the X.  I want it sooner but if it doesn’t happen, no biggie.

That said, if shipping times are months away, I’ll probably check in at the store from time to time (I pass it on the way to/from work) and say “any stock?”.
Then they’ll release Apple Pay Series 1 and 2 in tandem next, and people will retroactively call the original either “Series 0” or “first Gen”, and sometimes “Series 1”. Gotta love the naming system sometimes
That’s pretty annoying that they don’t provide the option to route notifications through your phone.

At least with CarPlay and an Apple Watch, they’ve got it figured out.  Playback is uninterrupted and notifications appear on my wrist (and a silent banner on screen).  And regarding OP’s issue, when starting the car, playback resumes on the app that was last used in the car despite other audio you played in between drives. I’m pretty satisfied with their solution in that scenario.
A week ago on here:

Interview of Steve Jobs by Playboy 1985
http://reddit.com/r/apple/comments/7352gx/interview_of_steve_jobs_by_playboy_1985/http://reddit.com/r/apple/comments/7352gx/interview_of_steve_jobs_by_playboy_1985/

Was a good read nevertheless 
Nah, phishing is still your largest risk.
I remember reading about one time where, due to some major security issues, Apple updated the OS for a phone that had stopped receiving updates. 

But I doubt this would happen for the 5 unless it was major, and only if such an issue arises in the near future. 
I haven’t heard a response yet today. I’ll reply when I hear something 
> That's really silly to criticize and expect a company to be upfront

That’s the kind of company I want to buy stuff from. Trust is important to me and I’m willing to pay more to have it
I’m excited to try these out. Current status is “shipped” so it should arrive in my hands soon!

Also surprised that these are $400 CAD. That converts to $318 USD. Not sure what’s going on there. 
Google didn’t have the courage to explicitly mention the removal of the jack during the keynote. I value when someone is forthcoming with bad news and doesn’t try to hide it, downplay it, or gloss over it. It was disappointing.  

I also didn’t like that they announced the end of unlimited original quality storage. It was a selling point of the original pixel. If I had purchased the pixel with that feature in mind, I’d feel betrayed by this bait and switch. 

They make promises and then retract them. It shows instability which doesn’t instill confidence. 
I picked up the cable that night and I still can’t get 60Hz. I finally got around to tweeting LG about it this morning. 

https://twitter.com/thesmithtopher/status/915941676169834502
The very nature of most tech subreddits, especially r/android and r/Apple. Complain and whine that things aren’t exactly as they want them to be. Why are tech enthusiasts so angry all the time?
I don’t hate the app actually. I have both Apple Music and Spotify subscriptions at the moment so it’s nice to use both. I find it quite reliable as well.

I’m looking forward to Airplay 2 and what it’ll bring. But if it’s less reliable then I’ll just use the Sonos app and ditch the HomePod.
Ha, I guess she only has one degree of usefulness. Out of a hundred. 
Lol, I guess EDM autocorrects to Edmonton 
That’s high. I’m only 50% sure I make the right decisions in life. 
If by great, you mean cool to try once and then never use again, then I agree!
It’s not out yet
My play 5 sounds so awesome. I’m not a self proclaimed audiophile but I still notice how clear the sound is when playing classical at low volume, how well I can distinguish jazz at medium volume, and how amazing the full range of bass and treble is when playing Edmonton at high volume. 
That’s fair, normally I’d be in that boat, but I love my play 5 (the HomePod isn’t comparable supposedly) but would love a HomePod in the mix for its extra capabilities and integration. As long as they all play nice together. 
What’ll be nice now is that I can stream any type of audio to the speakers, not just streaming music services. 
I don’t get the issue. I have two Sonos speakers and have been wanting a third. Now the plan will be to get a HomePod as the third and stick it in the kitchen where Siri will be most useful. 

Am I missing something or wouldn’t this new setup (of combining existing Sonos with a new HomePod) work just fine?
My guess is they did try calling it and the vibrate was muffled or they weren’t close enough to the actual location of the phone to hear it. It’s the most reasonable explanation 
Was probably on vibrate. Ping makes sound regardless 
I’m glad that Samsung and Apple are introducing a higher tier price. This will push the smartphone industry in the way of the car industry. 

You don’t hear incessant complaints about the price of top tier vehicles because they aren’t even on the radar of most people. With these top tier phone prices, most people will stop expecting to get the latest and greatest and start focusing on getting the model that suits their needs best. 
My S2 has been slowed down by WatchOS 4.  
I get ya, seeing the percent has me worrying over nothing. 
Bluetooth doesn’t stay in my ears and the dongles hurt my eyes, Apple why?!
Hi Tim. Can you set one aside for me pls?
I took my broken 4s travelling and people kept asking if it cut my face. TBH it was a great conversation piece when meeting people. 

If I broke my phone now, I’d get the screen replaced I think. I use it for work as well so I’d need something fairly functional 
Nothing mentioned in this post excites me. If there was anything that would improve the experience over my 9.7” pro, maybe Face ID.  Otherwise I’m a pretty satisfied customer. 
Hmm, I preordered mine a couple weeks ag and they still say processing 
I’ve broken 3 iPhone screens. 

I broke my 3g, replaced it and broke it again. Then rode it out till the end. I broke my 4S and rode it out till and upgrade. 

It makes me sad but it gives my phone character in an odd way. My current scratch bothered me at first, but now I kinda like it
I’ve been considering that for when I get the X. Despite the incident, I wanna go naked for a bit. A screen protector would save me from minor scuffs for the first while. The only problem is I don’t like them. But I can always try 
I’ve been considering that for when I get the X. Despite the incident, I wanna go naked for a bit. A screen protector would save me from minor scuffs for the first while. The only problem is I don’t like them. But I can always try 
AirPods and case carry almost 30 hr of charge. 

I still agree with your overall point but wanted to mention that it’s not that bad when there can be days between charges. 
A few months ago I started doing this. It was awesome. Then after a few weeks I dropped my phone and got a deep scratch along the battery indicator. Now I’m back to a case. 

Still, it was awesome. 
I’ve been using iCloud optimized storage for photos and I hate it. Showing people pictures is a pain as much of the time the high res photo doesn’t download until after they’ve swiped to the next photo, and live photos don’t show their animations. I want all my photos stored on my device from now on. 

Same goes for music. Switching songs is slower and less reliable if I’m streaming everything. 

Add in that I don’t have unlimited data and I’m best off going above base storage for my next upgrade. 
The silver looks brighter and more attention grabbing, which I shy away from. So I usually go for the darker colors. 
Let me guess, you’ve moved and have a new address.
On your ATV, go into settings then icloud and make sure HomeKit is enabled.  Then it’ll act as a hub. That should be all that’s needed!
Thanks!
It’s an August lock. The bridge isn’t necessary if you have an Apple TV 
The main issue with movies on my iPad Pro is the 4:3 aspect ratio.  Movies are very letterboxed with huge black bars.  I think the screens on the MacBooks are wider so you’d get less letterboxing
I haven’t used that app in a while.  I had turned off the complication because the heart rate it showed was often 20+ minutes old.  Do you know if that’s improved at all?
It also helps me know for the next time I use the app.  If I’m searching for an app that I haven’t used in a while, it’s likely I’ll use it a handful of times in the immediate future before it falling into disuse again. Spotlight will show me where it is so I don’t have to search each time.
Great, I have some more questions for you if you don’t mind!

If the Apple TV acts as a remote access hub, then the Lutron hub doesn’t have that functionality by itself?

I haven’t seen the variety I prefer, where the top of the blinds can come down, so the top part of the window is exposed. Any idea if that is available?
I noticed it but it wasn’t a game changer. I’m glad it exists and I’ll enjoy it down the road though. 
I don’t see Apple caring much about VR. Such a tiny percentage of people would use it, and it would mostly be trying out VR and not frequent usage. 
Sounds like you are talking about night shift instead of auto brightness
Yeah inductive charging can get the phone pretty warm
And they don’t use lightning or USB-C
The Apple TV has been enabled as a hub?
I preordered them a while back. I tried out the Solo3’s and couldn’t get used to the on-the-ear form style. The battery life was excellent (I rarely use ANC, so I’ll get 40+ hours like with the Solo3’s) and wireless range was excellent (I can garden, rake leaves, shovel snow and my phone can be anywhere in the house. Can’t say the same for AirPods). The sound quality jived well with the music I listen to. 

The Studio3’s might be right up my alley so I’ll give them a try. USB-B is silly but I won’t be charging them often anyhow.

With the price, I’ll also consider other headphones before I decide to keep them, if I do.
TIL it has a mic built in. What can I do with it?
It has a mic built in?! What can I do with it?
Yeah it only works on the second iPhone 6 or later
Wouldn’t the warranty solve those issues?
What about when the SE was released?

Although many would argue it still followed the pannern of being the best. 
It looks like we have two pieces of conflicting information from LG. 

I’m going to pick up an HDMI 2.1 cable tonight and confirm. 
Could you share the link please?
I haven’t. I’m thinking of trying that out since it’s the logical next course of action. I’ve been wary of dropping cash when the cable didn’t seem like the issue. 
I think this would solve the issue for most people. Any rumour of when it’ll be out?

For me personally, I’m one of the rare people that actually likes content upscaled to 60fps.  24fps is very jittery to my eyes.
From my understanding, the only difference between the B and C series is the shape of the base stand.
In my case I can select DV at 24fps. But I can’t select it at 60fps.  So the menu and navigation isn’t smooth.
It just seems... incorrect. Or am I missing something?
This is where I want to live. Close to Whyte but far enough away to avoid all the questionable action.
Thank you, very informative link
> Snapchap isn't using Face ID they are using the camera and sensors to do the mapping

Is the data from face ID any different from the data that Snapchat gets from the camera and sensors? If so, in what way? If not, then the only difference would be that the user is giving explicit permission?
Yeah, that’s sounds great actually 
You should be in an infomercial for wireless charging 
I didn’t actually like the form change at first, it looked like a tall 4. The fingerprint scanner is probably my favorite addition to the iPhone. Entering a passcode all the time was painful. 
Not enough space for CC and app switcher
I still don’t understand the extent of third party app’s access to Face ID. Here it says that they don’t receive any data about the face. Yet the demonstration of advanced Snapchat filters by Craig during the keynote showed excellent mapping. So what is Snapchat being provided with?
The person you were replying to. I could have said “him or her”.
TBH I’ve never changed a battery either.  Same logic.  In retrospect, there’s been a couple times I should have changed the battery and made the last year or so more bearable.  But it’s kinda fun to struggle for a bit. It makes the upgrade that much better.
Just ignore them, they’re a troll. We’re on an iPhone subreddit, so we’re gonna talk about about how we like iPhones.
You never replaced the battery?
> They created a solution to a non problem.

As someone who spends half the year in cold climates and loves the ourdoors, this could solve the problem of fingerprint unlocking vs. gloves in the winter.

I also cook a lot, and scanners don’t work great with moist/wet fingers.
That’s an extremely expensive gym!
Thank you for the excellent explanation!  I’m still trying to learn the difference between these standards and why they matter.  Up until a month ago, I had a 1080p SDR TV so none of this mattered.

When you’re discussing the contrast ratio achievable by modern TVs, do you by chance know much about LG’s OLEDs?  I just got a 2016 model so I’ve been focusing my efforts reading up on how capable it is with these different types of HDR.  It does say “HDR” and “Dolby Vision” when I change the input modes coming from the Apple TV, but as you say, it may not be capable of actually producing much of a difference between these two formats, do you think?

Also, from what I can find, this particular model doesn’t allow input of Dolby Vision at 60 Hz, which seems surprising for something fairly new. 
That’s what I’ve heard, but I haven’t been able to tell the difference. 

My TV doesn’t accept DV at 60Hz, so I’m stuck between DV at 30Hz and HDR at 60Hz. If I can’t tell a difference between the two then I’ll pick the latter. 
I don’t (currently) use google photos, but I’m planning to do a massive upload (i.e. backup) of all my digital photos taken over the last two decades to google photos. 

Will it create memories for me like this too?
I’m tired of this rounded ass shit. My 7+ is like a soap bar. I thought the 8 would be different but I went by the store to handle it and despite the glass back, the edge is still rounded and slippery.

We’ll see how the X is, with the stainless steel edge. But still, I loved the hard edges of the 4’s and 5’s. I hope rounded edges go out of fashion again soon and chiseled comes back. 
I can’t think of any Apple product that I’d want badly enough to pay a reseller more than retail price.
I saw one of my cat and watched it a couple days ago (ATV4K).  It was well done!
Unless you’ve got a busted up 6 that would only sell for pennies, or if you can’t be bothered to sell your old phones. The latter is a waste of money, but quite common.
My guess: pairing the watch with an iPhone and then shutting it off and stowing it away. Turning on the phone once in a while if needed to sync stuff or whatever 
My dad has every tool I can imagine (including a router).  Woodworking is fun, I’m always into learning more. He just texted me back saying the video I posted (in my edit) would totally be doable with a router. 
If they never improve Jasper, I’m going to continue never to go there. I’ve seen some of the work that’s been done so far and on the current scale, it’s not enough to make a change.  Go all the way or go home. I look forward to a transformation significant enough to draw me back there.
So you think something like in the video below would work with the iPhone?

https://youtu.be/xZo2pA0Qc9U
I had a long charger cable with a colorful red fabric look to it. Then I got a cat. So that had to be retired. 

$20 definitely makes the upgrade to wireless quite an easy choice. I’m pretty happy ikea sells the saw set for it. I’m gonna consider this when I upgrade!
Thanks for the photos! I’m glad it doesn’t cause issues in a dark room. Although I wonder why there is an LED if it’s always covered by the phone. Maybe to show that the unit does have power, if there is any issue with charging? 

Also how is your accuracy at night putting the phone on the unit?
Is that a light I see on the surface? Does it ever illuminate? Is it ever a bother?
Thanks for the detailed description, it looks like a pretty doable job. 

Any idea why the charging unit is so much taller than other units ikea sells? Also, is that a light on one side of the charge pad surface, and is it ever a bother?
My door is left open way too often for that. It would have worked well when I lived in an apartment. 
She loves it?
That’s totally fine, I’m battling two different opinions right now in my mind.  First opinion is to get a case as I always do. Protect this purchase since it’s crazy expensive. Second opinion is wanting to experience this purchase “as intended”. But that means high risk, or high payout in the form of apple care+ and like you say, the deductible and hassle.

Maybe I’ll get a case and just take it out once in a while when in safer areas.
I guess my persective is from buying cheap $20 cases.  So if I’m gonna go $100 for a case, another $100 means I can go case-less.

Not great financial logic there, but if it tricks my mind into doing what I want, it works for me.
I’ve had that fear. So we’ve split finances up so that I pay for the credit card bills and the SO pays for house stuff. It relieves stress when grocery shopping or going out for meals where I prefer more expensive options.
My usual response for when my SO asks me how much a purchase cost is “I can’t remember”. We both know I’d remember something I bought a few hours prior, so it’s code for “you don’t wanna know”.
That’s not much more than some of the premium cases from Apple.  Maybe I’ll go this route. 

Regardless, I’ll be going naked for the first while to enjoy the glass back while I decide.
This guy does healthy relationships
Not that i disagree, but aren’t we expecting pentile because anything better would mean Sammy is giving Apple better screens than its own current flagships?
OP plz
The UI is best at 60 Hz.

I’m still learning how all this works, but my best understanding is this: 
* selecting 4K DV 60Hz would allow all menus and any content to be provided to the tv as DV (or any other type of HDR such as HDR10) and at 60Hz (or less).  Basically the ATV would have free reign to supply whatever it wants to the tv
* selecting 4K HDR 60Hz allows the same as above but DV will never be provided to the TV. And DV is apparently the best type of HDR
* selecting 4K DV 30Hz (or 24Hz) means the UI (and screen saver, games, etc.) can never be provided to the TV at higher than that Hz level.

I really like the UI at 60Hz so my options are:
* the second bullet above, forgoing DV when available
* the third bullet, and getting the TV to generate extra frames (which applies to all content too). My experience with LG TruMotion and Samsung Auto Motion Plus on my old tv were decent but didn’t work well in fast motion. Also, it’s a blanket application to all video (whereas ATV provides 60Hz for UI and native Hz for content)
* I have a third option of constantly switching video inputs between both these options whenever I watch content that has DV

Uncertainties:
* how different DV is from HDR10, is it noticeable?
* If content says DV and I have the ATV set to HDR, is the ATV somehow converting this real time? Is the content also available in HRD and that’s what I’m getting?
* if the content is 24Hz but I have the ATV set to DV 30Hz, am I getting it in 24Hz or am I getting some slightly upscaled version?
ILX-107 here and no issues. 
That kinda makes sense.  But then it loses its value, as I may as well just lock the door as I leave instead of having to wait until I’m on the road and then deal with the “leaving home area” theme while I’m busy doing something else.

It would be more useful if I’m forgetful and don’t always lock the door.
It’s intended to be at 24 Hz?
I find the HDR pretty good. I’ve tried Dolby Vision at 30hz and I didn’t notice a difference in picture quality TBH. Hard to tell without a side by side
Yes it is. Someone else gave a link from the verge acknowledging this. Sad face :(
This is perfect (although not good news). Thank you 
I have an LG as well (OLED B6) which supports Dolby vision, but the only 4K Dolby vision setting I can find on the ATV is at 30 Hz. If I want 60 Hz, I only see 4K HDR. Do you have 4K HDR 60 Hz?
I got an August smart lock. But my door didn’t close perfectly either so I had to fix that issue to allow the deadbolt to slide in and out without resistance.  

I haven’t ventured into any other products yet but maybe some day. 
I’ve noticed a lot with general raise to wake. It’s been quite variable, sometimes it works fine and other times I assume I raised it wrong, until finally it wakes. 
Nah, it’s only one year newer. May as well wait unless you want specific features of the S3.  
Thanks! I’ll try that out
I’ve definitely been pick it up upside down a lot.
Same here.  So I’ll probably end up switching back to using the Apple TV 
I used to argue that nobody would be able to tell the difference if they sat beyond the distance that those online calculators tell you (TV size x seating distance).

Then I got a 4K TV. I sit beyond that distance the calculator told me.  Yet I still notice a difference.  It's not that I could see the pixels beforehand, it did look clear. But now it looks clearer.
Do you use the on-board apps at all?  I have the same TV and I notice a difference when using the onboard netflix and amazon apps compared to my current Apple TV at 1080p.  So I'm looking foward to the new 4k ATV arriving today as well, so I can also rent itunes movies.
I’m at 14.04 GB for my 7+ 32 GB. I had the beta and it’s been an issue for a while. Even after restoring a month ago. Maybe I’ll try restoring again now that the beta is over. 
Smartphone brands are the new religion.  Unless they’re a close friend, it’s best not to respond to anyone’s comments unless you want an argument that will likely go nowhere.
Yes, for a multi-person occupancy trigger.  I think that’s the term.  But essentially it’s when i leave or enter the home area.

I wonder why you aren’t required to confirm for time triggers? 
From my research before installing, it seemed like grounding wouldn’t be enough, unlike for previous units, as the manufacturers changed things to make it less bypassable.  So, supposedly if the ILX-107 started up and the parking brake was fixed to the “on” position, then settings would not be changeable like previous units. It would have to be turned off and then back on again, so as to prevent people from easily just grounding it. 

The purpose of this bypass would be to go from “on” to “off” back to “on” the moment the unit starts up, so settings changes are always available.

All that said, take with a grain of salt. I never did personally test this theory.  I just got the automated bypass switch and things work.  But I never disproved that it wouldn’t work with simple grounding.
Yes, and I’d only need it for the auto-locking part anyhow, since the August app auto unlocks.  

I’d get the notification that my door locked, which is confirmation enough for me. But that said, I kind of prefer to know my door is locked at the moment I’m exiting the house, so I may stick with my usual “hey Siri lock the door” into my watch as I leave.
I would definitely consider a parking brake bypass. I installed one and have never had to worry about changing settings. 

I agree with most of what you say. I’d like to add the latency I notice when using wireless. It’s most noticeable when listening to podcasts and skipping 15s, or if I want to pause music quickly; it’s only on wireless than I notice the latency, as I plugged into usb for a road trip and noticed it was much more responsive. Overall I’m ok with the latency and it’s a small trade off for not having to take my phone out of my pocket. 

I definitely miss having a volume knob. Oh well. 
So this is actually a problem? I was hoping to receive a snarky reply saying I am doing it wrong. :(

It’s pretty funny to think that an automation has the caveat of manual input 
Yes, the lock is my only smart thing. I would consider another device but I can’t currently think of anything that I would be ok with working in tandem with the lock...
I’ve been using the August app to unlock, and loved the idea of automated locking when we leave. But the prompt seems like an added hassle. 
I’ve got this exact model and never noticed any issues. I watch Netflix and amazon right from the TV menu. It switches often between HD (1080p) and UHD but it’s not super noticeable. 

I’m not sure if this is what we are all talking about though.... please educate me if not!
Edmonton here too! I had Videos yesterday but I just checked and now I see TV. Iphone 7+
Yes, maybe forgo the wallpaper Wednesday sticky for an AR app list sticky (i heard there can only be two stickies in a given subreddit).

Not because I don’t like AR apps, but because I wanna try them all out!
Thank you so much! I have had the beta for months and I thought this problem was just a bug.
I was going to ask when bike routing would be available in Canada, but I don’t see bike routing on the list at all. Any idea if they are planning on adding that?
Could do that, but then you face delays with that model. 
I hate this. It happens to me all the time.

There’s “wifi assist” but apparently it does very little because when introduced, people were finding their data bills were unexpectedly run up.
He said he owned a Series 1, but I think he means first generation.  Because he later goes to talk about how he got the Series 2 when it came out.
This is exactly the shift I’m expecting to see.  Not with most people. But  a minority of people who will start to leave their phone behind a little more often.

People are slow to change their habits.  But they do change.
I wonder how strictly they’ll actually police something like this.
You’re right. I’ve been using the beta for a few months now, so I’m expecting things to happen quicker than they actually will.  Thanks.
That’s why I was expanding on what you said. I was agreeing with you.
Nor does she know her husband’s passcode despite being able to gain access to shop on his phone.
That was a great read.

I quite liked their comparison between the Apple Watch and the Samsung Gear 2, how you need to account for the company behind them and not just compare specs.

When looking at the Gear 2, I would be buying it with the features as-is.  I shouldn’t expect any updates, or any improvement to the model purchased. When I bought the Apple Watch, I knew I was buying something that, while the hardware would be stagnant on my unit, the software would be updated and improved upon over several years. 

So many comparisons with Apple tout spec differences.  These are valueless if they don’t compare the whole picture.
The way we should approach LTE is how we’ve been approaching having an Apple Watch in general.  It’s not a phone replacement. It supplements the phone.

If you always have your phone with you, it won’t do you any benefit. But if you’re without your phone sometimes (or wish you could be), then it’ll improve your experience.  But don’t expect to be going all day every day without your phone.
Great idea!  [Here’s mine.](https://itunes.apple.com/profile/thesmithtopher)

I only have one curated list, which is my gym music. Kinda dance/electro.  My “listening to” list is much richer and varied.
Sonos asks me all the time. So I’m guessing they don’t use the appropriate API.
I drove from Canada to the states and so I didn’t use data, and since there was no offline maps, I had to revert to google maps on my phone.

So either google maps on CarPlay, or offline maps. I’d be happy with either!
I’m so bad at paying attention to the speed signs, and then there won’t be another one for a while and I have no idea if I’m driving too fast or slow. 
Most people weren’t affected. The point is that there is a higher *risk* of issues occurring with redesigns. This makes some people shy away from them and go for the second iteration, as this phone will be better in part due to this lower risk. 
And didn’t have risk of touch disease or bend gate. 
Another 6s? She already had one?
Thanks!
Thanks! I’ll check them out 
Which podcasts are you listening to?  I’d like to expand beyond just Accidental Tech.
Whenever I’m doing kitchen related activities, Touch ID is always annoying.

Also, with Face ID I won’t have to take off my gloves to use Touch ID (nor use the passcode which I often do).

If Face ID works like I’ve seen from all those tech reviewers, it’s gonna suit me better!
This post is a great example of that
Swap out 7 plus for 8 plus I’m this meme, and this will hold true for many people here in a couple months 
We have some British ways of spelling like colour and neighbour. But we spell organize like Americans (not organise like brits)
Yeah but then it’s American news
When I saw that I was pleasantly surprised. I use the flashlight quite often. And it’s one of those things where I value quick access. 

That said, it would be nice if it was customizable 
What are these workarounds you speak of?
First thing I’m doing is changing the wallpaper to something OLED-worthy (i.e. heavy use of blacks) including black at the top to hide that notch.

I’m going to embrace the notch, but baby steps.
Bit of A, bit of B.  Some people really do love to complain and will jump on whichever bandwagon lets them.

But for the most part, your statement is probably more accurate.

In the end it does matter.  Apple makes very desirable products and the masses buy them like crazy. 
What it my post you saw about my downloaded copies being deleted all the time?

Other than that, the app works great.  It would be nice to have the option of ensuring my books stay put though.
I found out only last week it’s supposed to be called OS “ten”. 

I only ever read it (I never talk about OS X with friends or anything) so there’s no reason to change that habit.
It’s like tomato and British tomato (to-mah-to)
Warning: Our unlocked phones will cost you about $100 more and only work on half your carriers (verizon and sprint are CDMA so won’t work on them)
Lol, technically that is tap to wake.
What do you change when you get a new one?  Color? Storage size?  Or go from 7 to 7+ back to 7?
I read every single instance of “iPhone X” you wrote as “ex”. 

And I’m damn proud of it.
That’s when i first noticed, when I was camping and wanted to read my book and I couldn’t. :(

I have had photo optimization on for a while. I’m gonna upgrade to max storage for my next phone, considering I actually make use of my photos, music, books, etc while being away from cellular and good wifi (often for work). Also, is it just me or does the cloud just not work from time to time? It’s not uncommon I’ll look at a photo and a little error exclamation mark says it cant download the full resolution. I love the cloud, but it’s just not reliable enough to depend on. Having it on the phone is more reliable.
I had a nice discussion about upgrading with my brother yesterday.  He’s still on his Galaxy S5. He’s a gamer and fairly into tech, but he doesn’t have the “upgrade bug” like I have recently. 

He doesn’t see the point in upgrading. He’s got a phone that still works well, has an easily replaceable battery (unlike the newer galaxies), and he can upgrade his OS by flashing the newest. It doesn’t have all the bells and whistles, but what do we need those for?

Still, I plan on getting the new X. I want something smaller than my plus, and I need more than the base storage. So it’ll cost me, but I plan to stick with it for 2 or 3 more years until there’s enough reason to upgrade again.
Funny thing is, Apple knew this would occur.  They probably want us debating about it.  It gets us talking about the phone more.
That’s how I feel. They knew we’d call it the X.  Heck, they knew we’d be having these discussions, which gets us talking about the phone more.  And wanting it more...
I only found out it was supposed to be OS “ten” like a week ago
I don’t have much free space. So that’s probably the reason. :(

But these books are so tiny, like a few MB. They hardly make a difference 
This sounds like me. I have an objectively good job, home, SO, but I’m bored as shit. I’m used to being stimulated by school, travel, language learning, or something that challenges me. Now I’m safe and life is easy and I’m getting so depressed all the time. 

I think I need to feel like I’m progressing in life somehow. I felt great doing my masters, as if I was “going somewhere” in my career. I loved traveling France and learning French, similar feeling. Now my biggest interest is which iPhone I’m getting next, and it’s not something that feels like it matters at all in my life. I’m at a loss of what to do because there’s nothing I need to do. My life is fine but I’m just bored. 
It looks like the content cut off by the corners is also captured in the screenshot
> I’d preorder one

Yeah he’s a DILF
Yup
I bought it over the “holiday return period” last year. Meaning I had about 6 weeks before I needed to return it.

I’m not a huge art guy.  It’s a neat device, and I can totally see the use. I used it twice in that period.  So i returned it. 
A sales tax
Notch sure
[Here you go](https://m.ebay.ca/itm/160695751089?_mwBanner=1)

It’s on the canadian eBay but I’m sure you could find elsewhere. 
[These might do the trick](https://www.google.ca/amp/appleinsider.com/articles/17/09/15/these-stickers-cover-up-the-digital-crown-red-dot-on-your-apple-watch-series-3-with-cellular/amp/)

The intent is to cover up the dot. But the opposite could work!
Nope.  The market would be very small for one I would think. iPods are so cheap, that if you’ll be spending so much money for one you may as well add in cellular.  Even if just for resale.
I thought the law was that all phones had to be unlocked for free if the customer requests.  Not that they come unlocked.
Most people I know are on contracts.  But more and more are off contracts these days.
One of the challenges people are going through on this sub relates to the introduction of a new tier of phone.  If you ignore simple preferences of liking one phone better over the other (e.g. simply preferring the design of the 8 over the X), you now introduce a couple other factors: price and flagship features.

We’ve already gone through this with the regular and plus sized series, to a smaller degree. Now we have many people who are used to getting flagships who have to look at the cost and the “unique” design of the X and re-evaluate this preference. 

So basically I think there will be a lot of anger, frustration, and general excitement (in the positive and negative connotations) in the next couple months around this new tier structure as people adapt and adjust their own ideologies to this new lineup.

I’m excited for the X for myself. But I don’t plan on fueling any opinion wars on which of the new phones is better than the other. It’s personal preference and I’m gonna leave it at that. Heck, I still respect people most if they don’t upgrade.  Less waste!
Same here. If the parents don’t want it I may sell it
I’m gonna feel like such a rube walking around town with my S2. Good thing winter is coming so I can cover up my shameful wrist from judgmental onlookers. 
Apple works in mysterious ways. 
The thing is, they could have made the design choice to *always* have the ears black and only every show dynamic status bar symbols, or turn those off completely to just have a black bar along that edge, even in landscape. 

Like you say, there may be burn in from the status bar symbols if they are changed to something else. I’m not sure how much people would care about that compared to burn in on the main part of the screen itself. But Apple probably hashed out all these details. 
In Canada, it worked for me on my 7+ on iOS 11 GM
Squeezing the phone for a screenshot will be nice. I think there was an android phone that could do that. The edge of the phone was “squeeze-sensitive” and acted as a programmable button such as screenshotting. 
My mom isn’t the type to read phone instructions either. But she’s been using a galaxy S3 for years, and no way she’ll be getting an X. 
I recently installed this model.  Here’s my response:
1. No idea. I’ve been through the options and haven’t seen anything of the like. But maybe someone else knows more?
2. Yes! I personally went with an automated thing so I never have to do anything.  Some other people go with a physical switch that they can flip whenever needed. The switch is cheaper, but then you have to worry about wiring it out to some spot and affixing it. I can provide you an amazon link for the one i used if you’d like.
Yeah in this situation it would be.  Similarly, there are other situations where Touch ID would work better.  One person on here said they frequently check their phone under the table at meetings.  So they’d have to use their pin if their face can’t get scanned.  So who knows if one is truly better than the other. Probably varies from person to person.
Yeah it’s looking like this turned into some big discussion. 
Using the pin is more convenient than taking my gloves off to use Touch ID. 

Using Face ID would probably be more convenient than using the pin. 

Therefore using Face ID would be more convenient than Touch ID with gloves in cold winter. The person I originally replied to said that would never be the case. 
I use conductive gloves. Currently I’d have to enter the pin, and the keypad pops up after a couple failed attempts. With face ID I would unlocked and just need to swipe. So it would be more convenient.

Once I’m in the phone, the gloves work for most tasks. Even for messages I use dictation. 
I won’t have to take my gloves off as often for winter.  And it’s winter here a lot.
Great playlist and artist too! Do you have anything else similar?
This is a perfectly acceptable answer. Why? Because you’re gonna enjoy your new phone and save money at the same time. So many people trying to convince everyone to get a phone that they don’t want, and have to spend more on, because “I’m sure you’ll adapt and love it”. Well I’m sure most people here are perfectly capable of figuring out what they want to buy and will be happy with whatever they decide on. 
Even the 8 and 8+ are really expensive considering most people just text and browse the internet. 

Just because someone frequents this sub and enjoys learning about the latest tech doesn’t mean they need (or should) jump on the hype train that passes through here. If you can, save your money, enjoy your perfectly functional existing tech, and buy what you need. Otherwise, upgrade because *you* want to and come join the hype train!
In their defense, I’m gonna be texting everyone poop animoji of my face, so it’s hard to blame them
But if the area beside the notch was always kept black, then you’d never notice differential rates of burn in. Because it would always be black. It would only matter if the ears were to be used for something else part of the time. 
Swiss, to be exact 
Or a whiny little bitch
Another question is if this scanner could eventually be applied to the rest of the body.  Maybe you can hold your phone further away to scan your body to try on different clothes.
This makes me wonder what is provided to developers.  I'm not sure how keen I am to have my rendered face provided to developers.  It's probably not a big deal, and imagery of my face has been pretty open to anything with access to my camera. So I'd like to read up on the potentials issues with giving away access to my face render to just anyone.
Thank you for not hating something just because it's not useful to you. :)
I don't know a single person getting the X.  Most people I know aren't even aware that new iPhones were released. We must live in such different social circles.  When I get the X, I'm gonna get ridiculed by friends for being sucked into getting the newest tech and spending way too much money. :(
I'll pay $1500 just to turn myself into a talking pile of poo

/s
How are we going to start an opinion-war with a reasonable comment like this?
People love to complain. So it doesn't matter how great or how bad life is, people will strike a personal balance which fits in a certain amount of complaining. 

And a great way to complain is on the internet to a bunch of people who you don't know, where it's not gonna damage any relationships. So you gotta find a way to tune out the complaints if it bothers you.  Or if you feel like some drama, then join in! (Like me right now?)
Any idea if there will be an option where we can go directly to the home screen?

My only notifications are texts. So currently I press the home button and it wakes and takes me to the home screen.  If I caught a glimpse of message notifications on my lock screen then I'll go into messages.

If I can pick up my phone and it goes right to my home screen, that would be awesome!
But...  but I wanna complain that I'm bored with Apple and they're stagnant and I'm considering switching to Android. Then demand that Apple innovate and wow me.  And then complain that things were better before.