I'd rather be divisive than indecisive. 
Burnout 3 for me! I used to envisage massive multi car crashes on every street corner :D
Best signing this year by a mile
I'll be there. Looking forward to it :)
Too obvious what? Too obvious that you like him and want to make an effort? Sounds like a good thing to me.. will boost his confidence :)
Top Golf is great fun! Nice top and jeans sounds great, as a guy I'd definitely appreciate it if a girl dresses nicely and does it well :) 
Meghan*
It looks beautiful right
If Roma won 3-0 they'd go through on aggregate
Lol
But why didn't you write Crystal Palace? There was room. 
Good looking bloke either way! Congrats on the genetics ;)
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE
Post a pic of you then pal, let's see what you look like
I'm 98% sure Donald Trump is going to be dead by 2021. 
Yes they definitely do this. Iirc samples from 2008 Olympics took until 2015/2016 to be proven as Positive for whatever substance
Reminds me of an mid 2000s song by Reverend and The Makers ft. Alex Turner (Arctic Monkeys). The hook is "Get born, get stupid." over and over. 
Seems that it was written throughout his life and revised many times. We're all correct :) [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Silmarillion#Development_of_the_text) 
Unexpected Hamilton :)
I am going to try this :) thank you.
Wtf are you guys doing on social media to make you miserable?
Wasn't the Silmarillion written first? When he was still in the trenches?
Which part? I worked for Healthcare 2014-17, MRIs
You lived in Erlangen? 
Did you work for Siemens?
What's frustrating is that Sports Direct especially has been known about for a while...I can't get my head around it. I've never once worked in a job where I thought going to the toilet might get me fired. Someone else in this thread said this more eloquently - basically everyone should just chill out a bit. Either they fire everyone, or they relax the targets a bit. 
I love all those little breaks in the show.
"You see that's my wife you decided to"
                                                          "Fuck" 
It's genius. Pure genius.
Honestly I meant the bit about Net Neutrality and uninstallable apps on phones but I didn't actually realise the article was about the UK. That's... not something I expected from this country. I'm glad I don't have to do that job..
Good comment. But also remember that this only applies to the US. 
When teams won't come out to us we have no idea what to do with it. The edge of the box just gets crowded and we can't get the ball to do any work.
I'll do you a swap?
LEGO. 
LEGO.
LEGO.
Fucking Americans.
GSK grad scheme is around £27k in the Brentford HQ I believe. Not sure what the increments are but after 2 years you'd be expected to go into a Grade 7 role which is probably about £35-40k but the banding does max out well over 50k. I am confident I am paid much more than any grad on their first or even second job so experience still does count for something. 

If you can get promoted to Grade 6, well, that's when things get interesting - salary and benefits wise.
My birthday! Come on Americans...do the right thing...
I get that this is probably a joke but...
Do an experiment. Take a solid shit, grab two or three squares of tp and wipe. If you have any ass hairs at all you will come up with at least a bit of shit on the tp.
Now wipe again. And again. And again. My ass crack is hairy so it can take a while. Until there's none left. Now you won't smell. You're welcome.
I'll add to this by saying mine was worse than yours looks in the pics when I was 19-20. I went on accutane and that shit was perfect. I had to go down a road of 3 or 4 other treatments didn't work (over the counter and then prescribed) before accutane and idk if you're in the UK or not but here it takes a couple of hospital appointments before you are given it, but of course the treatment itself is either free or the cost of a prescription (£8 or so). The major downsides are you can't drink alcohol and it makes your lips REALLY dry, but it's worth it in the end. If you're in the US you can't drink yet anyway ;)
Mustache should go. Can you grow a bit of stubble on your cheeks and chin? I think that would look good.

I'd really consider getting the eyebrows under control too, ask a barber they will know what to do. As for the hair - Google and see what you like, but as the other side commented, short back and sides would look much better.
In the UK our elections are on a regular weekday and the polling stations are open 7am-10pm. Everywhere I've lived the station has been under 30min walk (usually 10min) so there's no excuse to not vote!
Yes! Is that the bit where she does a half turn? Can't believe Seth didn't pick up on that!
I'm in the UK so maybe it's different but the two rules I know are 1) it's 2018, everyone has a phone, 2) if someone doesn't reply it's because they don't want to, not because they haven't seen it.

Chin up, better luck next time!
TOO SOON
Maybe a stupid question but if assuming you're on birth control and he could prove that he is clean - why not go without the condom? 
I think the non-shower thing is honestly gross, but each to their own :) 
It was in his speech, the man is unhinged AF. Here's Seth taking the piss, it contains that bit in it. [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHl0VRRNxAE) 
> I'll stop by his after and we'll also hook up.

Are you going to shower in-between? Or is that part of his kink?
> Except, he said he doesn't have a phone

Wtf. Red flag right here. 
>White House

"incredible house or building or whatever you want to call it — because there really is no name for it; it is special... We keep it in tip-top shape. We call it sometimes tippy-top shape. And it's a great, great place." DJT, Easter 2018 lol
Wow. Just, wow. And presumably these are not that great? The jingle at the end is extra terrible! 
As a European, what is a "My Pillow"?
Surely Kane doesn't go for less than £150m. That puts them at a nice round 500 ;) 
Any news?
He's so fucking aggressive. Chill man, it's a message of peace and love.
I feel like Rhys is more common than Reece? I don't know any Reece's..
Why not just call them Hazard Lights?
>But somethings shady about these AJ stadium fights.

??
Joshua by TKO, R4.
However odds on AJ are awful so I put a bit on Parker. That way I'm happy whatever the result ;) 
1. Pictures. Nudes or not can be exchanged, plenty of girls want to make sure you're real before agreeing to date you.
2. You go on a date and can't find her, what do you do, message her on Tinder and hope she sees it? What if you have Android and the shit app won't open over data? You're fucked. Got her number? Give her a call, easy peasy.
3. Some girls like to phone you to make sure you are who you say you are - or just for a chat, or perhaps they don't like texting. 
4. Facebook stalking, if they connect their number to their Facebook you can see more pics, mutual friends, maybe see their interests or DOB (don't be super creepy and bring all this up on date #1...)
5. As someone else pointed out - notifications. I check WhatsApp way more than I did Tinder. (or texting app of your choice)
6. Drunk dialling (do not advise)
I think it comes in a bottle, rather than an open ended beer glass. And it's probably whilst you're waiting - during the cut you don't want to be moving around otherwise it will just take longer 
How often did you go when you were paying <£40? 
What kind of hair do you have and into what sort of style? 
I pay £8 at "Buzzy Barbers" on Northfields Avenue. I go twice per month so it's pretty reasonable. 
She often does my beard for free as well rather than charging the extra. Will be a sad day when I can no longer go there
As the only redhead in the family I once asked my Mum if we had a milkman back then..she shouted very loudly at me :( Haha
I personally haven't seen any of this but then I don't live in a "cool" part of London but: https://www.standard.co.uk/news/london/milkmen-are-returning-to-london-as-millennials-order-glass-milk-bottles-in-a-bid-to-slash-plastic-a3774646.html 
According to the twitter replies it was in print as well. 
However as with all of these things... too little too late. 
Mayim Bialik is a time traveller confirmed.
Cheers, new phone background!
You misread.
U-N-I
Is there not some way we can trick them into doing something super dumb like eating a tide pod or something more poisonous to "prove" they are a true patriot or something. 
Yes, he was unplayable on his day. You underestimate how important his passing and crossing was. I hate the fact that just because he's pretty and done lots of non-football things in his time that his absolutely magical performances on the pitch get downplayed. That free kick against Greece in 2001? 93rd minute, 70,000 fans, a whole national glued to the TV screens. The pressure he must have been under! The keeper didn't. fucking. move. That's how perfect it was. The man is a legend. And yes, he was very close to being the best in the world - look at highlights from the time or opinion articles on him/surrounding that Ballon d'Or. He would have won if not for the Argentina red card incident I'm pretty sure. 
Who the Fuck are Arctic Monkeys came out in 2006. So 5 years later would have been 2011. It's been 12 years since that EP 🙈
My problem is that occasionally the phone doesn't connect via Bluetooth? So I can't make calls. 

And if I dictate a message that's too long she can't cope and asks me to say it again. Frustrating!
I drive an Audi A4 which has AA built in. I have never had this problem. I use a OnePlus 5T and before that a OnePlus 3T and before that a Nexus 6P.
No keeper? Bold. 
First time at OT for me tonight as well. Hope it's a better night than my last time out watching the 2-0 loss at Tottenham! Gonna be incredible, I am confident we will win convincingly. 
No homo though
It's a lot more than 75million my dude!
Depends who they appoint. Might do a Utd and get in someone woefully underprepared for the magnitude of the club, and takes them down a few more spots in the league. We can only hope! Ha.
I'm just going to introduce this "port key" even though they could side-along apparate because the reader will need to understand the portkey later on. I get it, but I think it's lazy. 
I'm sure they all laugh at you into their millions
Is there a reason why we don't?
To be fair lots of men his age don't wear wedding rings. They're fairly recent phenomenons for men to wear, at least that's the case in the UK.
It is? It's in the Bible under a list of spiritual gifts, but what everyone forgets is that it's right at the bottom. These are the spiritual gifts listed in 1 Corinthians 12 are Wisdom, Knowledge, Faith, Healing, Prophesy, Speaking in tongues and interpreting tongues. 
I've never heard of it being restricted...but...again, UK not US so I think "church" in America is pretty batshit compared to what I experience. Just my 2p.
Not American but am Christian. Would say that talking in tongues is a million times different to everything else you've listed. That's a gift of the spirit and a personal language in which to communicate with God. The rest of your list is against everything I believe (except Jesus Camp, what's this? I went to a 'bible camp' when I was a teenager but it was just teens hanging out, playing football and getting sunburnt for a week).
To be honest, I tend to go out with girls who are at least somewhat respectable so I believe them when they say they are clean, and they believe me. Touch wood it's been alright so far. 
As someone who doesn't suffer from social anxiety I don't know if this is helpful advice or not but;
Would it be helpful to let her know you are suffering from anxiety and therefore it would be really great if she could be a little patient with you for the first date or two? 
Or failing that, do you know what are your main triggers? Could you go to somewhere really quiet or away from things that are likely to make you more anxious?
Live a little! What's the worst that can happen. /s
Yes! And it links to Chromecast natively which QuickTime player doesn't. Really life-changing to stream a game in much better quality, straight to TV with no wires and no lagging!
Well for one, Ings will get injured
Down for me :(
I've never heard this, source?
How long have you had the original logo? It looks really bad now :/
I laughed so hard. It's the only straightforward thing she's said in 20minutes.
Something something chain around her neck..
"Let's be clear, we are leaving the single market. Life is going to be diff...erent." She REALLY wanted to say difficult lol.
We want quite a lot don't we, whilst offering very, very little in return.
Your Grandmother is Donald Trump?
!goalbot herrera, arsenal
The bigger Asda's in the UK have exactly this. (Asda owned by Wal-Mart). You have opticians, shoe repairs & key cutting, banks, currency exchange, hair salons are rare but I've seen them. They also now do an online service where you can order large items like furniture and get it delivered to the store or to your home. Hell, the big one near where I used to live had a 3D machine where you could get a 6inch high 3D model of yourself made whilst you shopped....

Still no guns though!
How big that dudes dick must be
52 years of hurt! 
>Butland

Lol. Good one. Joe Hart will still get picked to start even though he can't even get into a team struggling to stay in the PL. 
/r/unexpectedgot
Agreed
But, was the Morata goal onside? :/ 
This does not belong in this sub
A quick Google tells me that in the UK they work a 2-2-4 which is 2 days, 2 nights, 4 days off.
Days are 9:30am-8pm and the night shift from 8pm-9.30am.

Long shifts for sure.
This is the American dream, kids! Have a job(s) that kills you to give you money to feed kids you never see. 
I just want Mou to think about playing attacking football. Why do we let teams press us so much that we give away possession time and time again and end up having to defend for our lives? We have the pace and the ability to stretch the play, to create space and work into that space.
Haha!
Option 2 X
Can you humour me and mock up two options that you would be happy to see on a Brexit referendum? 
France for me! 1998 final repeat? 
I've heard that people with circumcised dicks last longer in bed. That's about the only positive I can think of..
I think we'll start with Matic & Carrick and Pogba in front, with Alexis, Rom and Martial to bring the counter attacking pace. Away from home, first leg, we need to make sure the home leg becomes and advantage. It would be great to score an away goal - hence the speed on the counter - but it's more important to not concede.

I'll go with a 0-1 with Rom scoring in the 87'. 
/u/existentialistpepe please reply! 
Yes well, your problem here is thinking that a "fun adventure" was Chipotle or Five Guys ffs
I personally don't usually, it was just that situation!
I went to a barbers in Wales when visiting a friend and as he was using the clippers on the side of my head he took off the outside 1/3 of my eyebrow. Maybe he noticed, maybe he didn't. I didn't say a word, just sat there in disbelief and awkwardness. 
When he was done I wanted to get out of there ASAP so it was £9 and I gave him £10 and said keep the change. 

I gave a tip to the man who accidentally shaved off my eyebrow!
It's a 5sec Snapchat of him waving his dick in front of a girl who looks like she has been sucking it. FWIW his dick is pretty small.
Not according to the video
Don't have sex with the girl at work...
Same for video streaming services tbh
Search Storror on YouTube and Instagram. They are the best Parkour group posting right now, new videos every Monday. Their stuff is a mixture of unbelievable and unwatchable (because I'm so damn scared for them). They recently did a cool series where they travelled to India to jump with the monkeys. My other fave from them is with the "Simba" mattresses. Jumping from 4 stories high onto a pile of mattresses...crazy!!
Went to my first United game in 15 years tonight. Sorry lads. My bad.
It's going to be weird seeing him in a blue shirt.. 
It's going to be weird seeing him in a blue shirt.. 
I currently don't have a DJI so this is probably irrelevant but - story time! I have a Xiaomi MiDrone 4K and was flying it in Iceland a couple of weeks ago in about 1Celcius/34F. Maxed out at 500m surveying a mountain peak only about 600m away from me, about 40% battery life so time to come home. The MiDrone usually goes at 16m/s horizontal and about -2m/s vertical but because of the cold (I assume) it was only going 1m/s horizontal. I was incredibly freaked out and was getting my friend ready to jump into the river nearby in case he had to catch it as it fell out of the sky... luckily it got back to be with like 6% battery life left and we live to fly another day. 

TL;DR - cold makes drones slow!  
£531million over 27 years. (Net spend of around £200m) But it was a different time. When SAF retired the world record transfer fee was himself selling Ronaldo to Real Madrid for £80m (2009) and before that the record had stayed pretty low for 8 years at £50m for Zidane in 2001. 
Imagine Kane takes England to the semi-finals of the World Cup and wins the PL golden boot again. What would he cost to Madrid or City or anyone? £150m? More?
70m a year = ~2m per match day (a few mid week match days that don't get shown on MOTD). 
With a viewership of around 7m people that's only 29p per person, per match day, or about £10 a season. That's less than 7% of my licence fee. 
Additionally approx 25m licences are given each year, generating revenues of £3.675bn for the BBC. MOTD highlights at 2% of the licence fee revenue? Bargain. 
It wasn't two hours ago - it was about 1/3 of the way down with a dozen or so upvotes ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Can't believe I had to scroll to see this! 
None of the dates go as far as Reading. So I'd say it's still possible 
I bet you Reddit gold we don't score 5+ goals
When was the last game he played?
He looks as if he hasn't slept, his hair is purposely unkept...
Are away goals valid? 
Indeed. It's really hard to meet friends as an adult without being part of some kind of organised group. You can't just go to a play park and make friends like when you were a kid. I like to go to church to meet people of similar ages and you usually get fed and by default people are pretty nice! (This has worked for me in Lincoln, Oxford and London haha). 
Darmian and arguably Herrera (though it pains me to say so)
Haha. I meant because Amazon would buy the football, then Sky would (apparently) implode
Calling /u/jeffbezos ... 
Whyyyyyyyyy did they 2nd year. Just say 6th or 7th. FFS. 
For example, look at Martial/Rashford for United. One of them torments the defender for 60-70 mins then the other one gets to reap the benefits. (Especially first few games of the season when we were scoring 2 or 3 goals in the last 10mins)
Please, justify yourself
If only he was available. Surely a big rival like Arsenal wouldn't sell to us lol
So scrappy. Feel like we're going to concede :/
None of them working for me. Using Soda Player on Mac
But the weirdest face
One of!! Lampard, Gerrard, Carrick. Hargreaves could have been there, Scholes was doing it a few years earlier. 
Consistent, unselfish, a leader. 
Do you think Mkhi will be forced to release a statement like "I am so pleased to be an Arsenal player. This is a very exciting move for me"? When everyone knows it's total BS. 
Does he have a family? They might enjoy London more than Manchester and he might get a pay bump I guess. 
Definitely. Young has a big advantage when he cuts inside and curls it towards the back post with his right foot. Shaw can't do that but he is faster. Would love to see him overlap a bit more and be confident in himself that he can get back again if the attack breaks down. Wouldn't mind if he busts a gut for 60mins and then Young comes on if he's fucked. We don't usually need 3 attacking subs. Rashford and Mata are usually impact enough. 
Uh, Chelsea? U OK hun?
And they are so. much. fun!
It's actually because he met the Norwegian Prime Minister the day before he made the comments. Trump literally can't think of anything before the last conversation he had. 
38! Wow. That's amazing. Is that 30 days + 8 public holidays? Here in the UK I get a standard 26 + 8 bank holidays. Rising to 27 basic after 5 years of service, and then I think 28 after 10. So most I could have is 36 days. 
This song came out in May 2005. The iphone came out in June 2007... sorry dude that one's on you!  
The IT Crowd clip finally dies. It's a sad day for football. 

Unless...

Big Sam Out, Wenger In?
I thought the next line was "Put down the anvil" for AGES 
Better than Messi Lingard? Wash your mouth out boy ;) 
We have Lukaku, Martial and Rashfor only. 2/3 play most games and Rashford has appeared in every game this season. A suspension or an injury and it falls to pieces a little. Zlatan won't come back I don't think, at least not anywhere near the level he was at 12 months ago. Sanchez probably won't play every game either and maybe he has to play on the RW or the LW but he's a quality, quality player and it would be silly to miss the chance to sign him for relatively little when considering what he would have cost City not 4 months ago. 
For United it's here: [Tier Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/reddevils/wiki/transfer-reliability-guide)

Not sure how well that translates to other clubs/leagues etc. 
WHY IS HIS SUIT SO BAD
And once again America is the butt of the joke worldwide. My most expensive University text book was £45, I only needed one or two per year and you could sell them back for ~60-75% to the Uni bookshop. Can't imagine I was out of pocket more than £100 across 3 years. 
Also, no access codes or whatever - you got a log in for being part of the university and it was all stored in one place online. 

This was in the UK and would not be surprised to hear mainland European countries were given the books for free!
I just watched it again for at least the tenth time. Unbelievable. Has that guy done any public appearances since?
Man Utd bring in £11.1m per week. Yes 400k wages for Sanchez is a lot, and it would probably be annoying for people like Pogba and Lukaku to know they are earning significantly less (reportedly around 250-300k a week) but in the grand scheme of things it's very little compared to what any other (near?) world class talent would cost you today. I'd be very happy to see Sanchez come in to the team, I'm sure he could do a great job for us and get a lot of game time. 
>I'm truly insane

Yeah, I believe you...
That's actually a borderline competitive team. Less than 0% chance Southgate picks anything like it though! 
Does anyone else feel that Amazon Prime user experience is shit as well? To be fair I've only used it on PS3/PS4 and also Chrome but it's so bad. It's maybe slightly better than Netflix but I don't think so. IMO no-ones got the UI right on a streaming service yet. Lots of room for improvements all round. 

FWIW using the Sky Go Player on Mac isn't too awful, but getting the bit to click on on the sky website is fucking useless. 
Mkhi consistently looks good against weaker opposition (Europa league etc) then gets put in the starting 11 on a PL match day and just can't perform to the right level. I like the guy, but he's not starting 11 quality. 
>very good goalkeepers

Come on. Best in the world and the other isn't half bad! 
Yeah, and the good thing is that City, Chelsea and Arsenal all play tomorrow and again next week in the Carabao :) 
>2019
"lol" - rest of the civilized world
>nowytends 

ftfy
I'm not American but, fuck, I miss Obama. Also that dude is properly healthy!! 
If they would just make an app called Facebook Events I would delete my facebook.. 
It's unlikely we're at the same gym as London is a big place but goddamn mine is the same. Yesterday I had to go up to 18s because there were no 16s to be seen anywhere. Yay for progress but it was fucking annoying. 
He's not in my team, so absolutely love it when he only scores 1 or 2 points.
And Drinkwater. Is RLC even playing regularly atm?
Almost the same! Cycled home from the midnight release, read it super quick, like 3 or 4 hours. Fell asleep in the armchair, woke up and read it twice more that day. I probably missed 25% of the content but I needed to not see any spoilers on friends MSN statuses the next day ha
But Kane is so much better than Rashford. I love our boy but Kane is something else. 
To be honest, I don't think England have much of a midfield anyway, will be interesting to see who Southgate takes. For me he's got to take Lingard, Alli and Sterling. Add Rashford to that list if he's  used on the left. The others like Lallana, Henderson, Dier, Ox etc just aren't good enough IMO, but they're all we've got.
I'm not disagreeing but how important do you think the Alli - Kane understanding is for England? I'd dearly love us to at least win a game this time out
I went to see Southampton v Huddersfield last week with my brother and they were absolutely shit. Why do we sit back and make shit teams look good?  
I completely agree with what you're saying, but every PL team is still in the FA cup right now haha
I saw one in Manchester as well, the banner said 'Manchesters first £5 handjob' 
>make prophet

I see what you did there!
Mkhi
His chances!
14th June the World Cup starts bud :) 
As a keeper I gotta say props to Pope! Incredible save, Schmeical-esque 
/r/soccerstreams
I played in a walking tournament in the summer, I was the youngest by ~30 years (just making up the numbers ha) and it was super hard! You have to pass to feet as you can't expect someone to run onto the ball, it was no contact and any time the ball goes into the air it basically sails out of play because you can't get to the right place to jump! 

We played 5 a side and my team made it to the quarter finals woo.
What a fucking stupid comment. 
Do you know how much R&D costs? Do you know that the vast majority of it results in nothing? Imagine trying to tell the average idiot that their tax dollars are being "wasted" on research that doesn't result in any output. If you had your way there would be no funding for research and there'd be no new drugs and you'd all die of rickets or smallpox or something else easily prevented.

By the way, and this may be news to you, - AMERICA ISN'T THE WHOLE WORLD. You can't get 'the people' to pay for the entirety of the pharma landscape. 
Further, there isn't a shred of evidence for "make drugs that create symptoms", every single drug that gets manufactured is approved by tonnes of regulatory boards, especially the FDA, your very own regulatory body. The amount of work and trials and research that goes into every new drug is insane, it takes years and years to jump through the right hoops to make sure a drug can be bought to market.


P.S Big pharma companies only charge Americans more than the rest of the world because your system is so fucked up. Good day sir!
I fucking hate playing Leicester
Lingard? Harsh
OH FOR FUCKS SAKE
Time wasting instead of going for the jugular. Ffs.
We were bottom on the 8th Nov. (Link)[https://www.premierleague.com/news/510837]
Dudley Dursley ha
Herrera on...okay ready for 15mins of feeling like we're about to concede even though we're a player to the good?
He was only on the pitch 17mins lol
Anyone got a gif of the Austin incident?
Wretch's verse gave me shivers man. So good.
Exactly. (Christian from Britain). What a non-story.
I only watched the second half but wow, we were awful.
I really like Luke Shaw and I want him to succeed but he offers zero fucking width. He's stood 10m inside in the final third every fucking time.
TL;DR - a shit load ahead
What the fuck did I just read. Grammar and formatting my dude. Use it.
I don't think he started it, but he's definitely the face of the organisation now. [Common Goal](http://www.common-goal.org/)
Well I'd say that we don't and that is an outdated stereotype? I don't have any stats though of course.

Perhaps it's only my generation and after who got them for free, I don't know when they were first offered. 
???
That sounds like a pretty good deal. Is that overall good insurance? That's much cheaper than I thought compared to the horror stories you hear on the news.
There was definitely a waiting list for me but I don't remember it being that long. It was 11 years ago though. I got mine late for sure but I think it was more to do with my adult teeth growing late than a long waiting list. 
There was definitely no specialist, my regular dentist put me forward and the first time I met the orthodontist was the day I got the top brace put on. Wish I had some before and after pics I could show, mine were in a pretty bad way from sucking my thumb since I was a baby.
I had this conversation with an American friend last week, hah. Our check ups are free until age 18, and braces are free as well. I'm not sure if children have to pay for fillings or not, as I've never had one. 

As an adult an NHS dentist (subsidised by the government) is about £16 for a check up and probably closer to £40 of you're at a private dentist. In some areas of the country it might be hard to find an NHS dentist with spaces but I got one in W. London when I moved here no problems...

However, we're not encourages to go to the hygienist for intense cleaning or whitening (expensive and cosmetic only really) and also, at least for people I know, flossing isn't really a thing. I've flossed less than a handful of times in my life but touch wood they're straight, white enough and no fillings.
How much is the insurance per year vs how much did you claim for the braces? I've never lived in the US but have many friends and work colleagues there, and they make it sound like insurance is pretty expensive, like multiple hundreds per month. 
If you're under 18 then if assume you could join an NHS dentist then go on the orthodontist waiting list for free braces. 
If you're an adult then you could just go to one of theany clinics and pay the 3ish grand as per my previous comment.
Why's that? 
Do we have a reputation for bad teeth?
Dental Plan
Which country are you in and how much do they cost?
I'm in the UK and got mine for free when I was 16-18 (free, and between 13-18 is normal for people here).
Some of my friends are getting the new invisible ones as adults and these are about £2000-3000 but you can pay monthly with 0% interest. 
Oh for fucks sake! This was my "there's no way he said that" moment. But of course he did. Of course he fucking did! [Link](http://theweek.com/speedreads/575962/donald-trump-tells-biographer-hes-same-now-first-grade)
Oh I see! Sorry I misunderstood your point, apologies. 
Neither of those phones have a 4000mah battery. In fact, very few phones do, certainly none of the flagships...
What are you talking about. We're great guys. The best. 

Source: Work for big pharma. 
I know exactly what happened here. Watch Forster's face, he flinches as he shuts his eyes and maybe thinks he's going to dive into the post. That's why he looks so awkward!
😂😂
Stolen from Tim Vine.
Yeah man you're right, Torres' had more skill but I'd forgotten the chest control tbh. I just wanted to get the link in fast for the sweet sweet karma...
What a strike!
Almost a carbon copy of Torres vs Blackburn 
https://youtu.be/VMDDRTZX86M 
Zlatan looks like an awkward father next to his cool son 😂
They're selling on ebay in the UK at the moment for £200-£250. I'd say it's more like $300 max. 
OK, I've just ordered a 5T. It arrives hopefully Friday. I know that I won't have this phone longer than 18months. Should I care about Treble?
I laughed. I'm an asshole.
So you think they will ONLY sell $1000+ phones? Risky business Apple.
Honestly I think Apple should have called it a 7S (as there's barely a difference bar the glass back). And then called the X as in "Ex" and not 10. Then they could have two distinct lines instead of the mess there will be next year.
iPhone 8S or iPhone 9 and the iPhone what? XmkII? XI? X 2018? 
ELI5?
Not sure if you're calling the 8 a 7S or just mistyped. (IMO they should have called the 8 the 7S..) 
I think that if Utd and therefore De Gea faces those shots again though he saves them. So the "they all are being paid to play their best for Man Utd" stays relevant. 
Uh..did you see the reply?
WORLD. CLASS! DDG I LOVE YOU
2-2 with any other keeper
Because it was FILTHY
Martial is a fucking genius! Oh my God 
I will be betting against England in every game we play. Will be happy if we win, and richer if we don't :) 
Cyclical, isn't it. It's exactly what you're government wants. Keep the poor too poor to protest. It's kind of genius. 
I like her new bikinis but surely the market for them is sooo tiny, unless you are a goddess you will look ridiculous
I agree but they are playing well without Aguero, without Silva. Their squad is arguably as deep as ours in the key positions. I honestly think they could do an Arsenal and go undefeated. 
Because they are historically our biggest rivals. It's ingrained in me, my whole life I've wanted to beat Liverpool.
That would be unreal. I'm willing to settle for comfortable Top 4, QF in CL and QF onwards in the FA Cup. 
City look insane, unfortunately. I just want to come above Liverpool. Would be good to spank them 4-0 in the reverse fixture as well. 
He should get in touch with GRRM. He needs a new voice artist for The Winds of Winter now Roy Dotrice has passed away. (If he ever releases the book...lol)
But weren't we all sucking Gove's dick the other day?
Now what do I believe?
This. Seriously on millions per year and a model gf, surely he could hire someone to tell him what looks good.

On a similar vain, Shaw has shaved his head and looks weird. Quite liked the short back and sides but looked shit when he didn't gel it
Is he just playing wherever the fuck he wants? Haven't seen him on the right wing once..
OMG. Might pull the trigger on this. My 3T is immaculate so I wonder what sort of price I could get for it
I pay £8 in West London. I never tip. 
It's probably one of the exercises they do in the assessment days. When I got an undergrad role we had a one to one interview, a group task which was making a bridge out of paper and sellotape that had to hold a toy car, then we gave a presentation on why I'd be a good fit for the company and why I wanted to be on this scheme, and then there was an exercise on replicating a Lego sculpture. It's all about seeing different aspects of the person, leadership, teamwork, patience etc, beyond the traditional I've learnt a speech or learned some textbook answers to where I want to be in 5 years time. 
Trippier is kicking everything a bit too hard!
Who says he'd lost it??

Haha fair!! 
It's a bit dear* 
i.e. it's a bit expensive
I just think it's easy to lose meaning when you look at things out of context. Especially slogans. I don't know, I've grown up with Tesco so it's ingrained in me.

Also, Every little bit helps is like, 500% less catchy. That's the real reason I'm sure.
Hah, that's interesting. I suppose it's just lazy! 
I appreciate your condescending tone. 

The verb is 'helps' and the subject is 'Every little'. The thing that is helping is implied by the context of the advert in which the slogan is found.
Can you elaborate on the "bit" bit? When do we say it, and in what situations does it seem wrong?
It's a slogan in relation to all the savings they offer. So you may save say, 20p here and 50p there, but it all adds up to a larger saving when you total it up. Ergo, "every little helps".
Top link on katcr(.)co when you search reputation. Download with utorrent or equivalent. 
If you book Off-Peak, 12 weeks in advance with a 16-25 railcard ;-)
Can confirm. £58 return in Jan 19 from London Luton. Looking forward to it immensely! 
I have a One plus 3T that's coming up to a year old. Is there anything out now or soon that's worth upgrading to? 
I have no particular gripes with this phone just itchy fingers for something new.
"about to"
"almost everyone"


Sure. Sources? Evidence? Of course not.
Wear*

Also, shut the fuck up.
Dear Pogba,

Please hurry back.

Love, everyone.
This isn't going to finish 11 v 11.
Just hope it's not one of the guys in my fantasy team that gets sent off haha!
Wow, we are incredibly lucky there!! O.G all day long for me
My OP3T goes haywire with water on the screen from light rain (on top of a screen protector too). My work iPhone 7 works in the shower. 
I'd definitely appreciate waterproofing!
In the penseive, after he dies. Harry watches Snape in Dumbledore's office, he produces a Doe patronus and Dumbledore asks "After all this time?" And Snape says "Always"
Snape's patronus did not change? That's the whole point of "Always".


Edit: Did y'all mean that Tonks' patronus changed in her lifetime? Because that was a thing.
Your 3 y/o likes Little T? Get them started young, he could be the next grime star 
I think Kobold is German for Goblin
Had mine for 2 years. Sat in a drawer for a year. Gave it to my friend and he uses it to this day. Fucking brilliant little phone. 
[the wooorst](https://tenor.com/view/parks-and-rec-jean-ralphio-the-woooorst-the-worst-singing-gif-7363660)
Lol
I agree. I get paid 2/3 of what an MP does and I sit at a desk an manage less than £10m worth of spend for a Pharma company. I have no direct reports and I travel less than two days per month. 
If I was subjected to thousands of disgruntled and angry members of the public on a day to day basis, have to travel into London for parliament, make speeches where every word is scrutinised and do public appearances.. yeah I'd be wanting £200k at a minimum although actually, I probably still wouldn't do it for that much! 
Noone cares what you think

/s
Hmmm
Is Carrick injured?
Woke up this morning to my OnePlus3T having updated WhatsApp bringing with it the TERRIBLE new emojis that are different from the iphone ones. What. The. Fuck. They look awful. I'm sure I'll get used to it blahblahblah but I'm tired of the default blobs looking shite in FB and SMS and now shite ones in Whatsapp as well. Irrationally actually annoyed at this! 
Premier League have given it to Gray. 
I'm convinced! How do we get UEFA to let this happen? Should we make banners and shit?
Could you imagine! Portsmouth or someone fluke it.. that would be hilarious to see in the UCL the season after!
But what right does he have to give it to Mooy, if it wasn't his in the first place
Looked on his Instagram and pretty sure (Shaw) you're spouting absolute shite. 
Not sure about football but in Cycling it's from when the test was taken I think. i.e. sample taken Jan 1st, takes 6 months to get tested and sentenced (i.e. 1 year ban), cyclist can go again 1st Jan the following year. Really stupid IMO. 
Oh sorry I misunderstood!

What magical phones do you have that are the same exact size?
Who has the same phone case for an entire year? That's more commitment than I'm willing to give
Whilst I agree it's not much of a priority, I'd like us to put up a good defence of our title. Reaching the quarters or the semis would be great IMO
That guy who just learnt libraries are free...
If Southgate is manager, Joe Hart is in goal and Henderson is in the starting 11 we won't get out of the group.

I will be betting against England in every game we play, if we then win I can be pleasantly surprised. 
I'm still really looking forward to being part of the bigly protest against him. Come on Don, we dare you to come to London. 
Really? Even though he's wider than he is tall and blonde? 
There has to be something the boy can't do :)

That being said, corner taking seems to have dropped off the face of the earth in the last decade. Who is a corner taking specialist in the PL these days?
Is he injured? He played 90mins on Saturday right?
Place your bets on when that happens! 
Game 8: Chelsea at home
Game 9: Newcastle away
Game 10: West Ham at home
Game 11: Tottenham away
Game 12: Everton at home
Game 13: Stoke at home

Genuinely, if they don't get a result against West Ham they could go 11 games without a point. 
Can you imagine a business hiring a new CEO or CFO or literally anyone in any area of responsibility without having expertise in that area? Qualifications, years of experience, proven success with lesser responsibilities...

Yet with the government, absolute cunts like Gove and Hunt and Rudd get to go from position to position, with no prior knowledge, wilfully ignoring experts around them, making no effort to actually learn the subject matter and then make laws about something they don't understand?! Then when they fuck up so badly the gov have to move them to a different department they just start the cycle all over again in Education rather than Healthcare etc. Not exclusive to the Tories, by the way. 
Me too. Me too. 
This is solid advice. Most LBS (local bike shop) can work with your scheme, give you proper advice and also set up the bike right first time. Don't get me wrong, some Halfords have some excellent technicians but others...let's just say don't risk it. 

A hybrid bike sounds like it could be up your street. Easier to make the transition to road bike one day too.
Jones and Smalling. Uh oh.
Fair enough.. I've never bought a house so never thought about it I suppose! It's less if you get somewhere on a 5% deposit of course, that takes off 15k from your sums. My friends just reserved a flat at the Hoover building for about 300k or just over, on a 5% deposit. 
I live in Northfields, my flatmate bought this place for just under £270k in March this year. 
We're about 12mins from tube, 5min from West Ealing/future Crossrail.
There's loads of £250k 1 beds or £300k 2 beds if you come out Zone 3 West.
Dude, you missed the /s
I think it's a gamble you have to take. She's probably your ex for a reason... think of all the new girls you could be sleeping with instead! 
Is it the same guy? How do you know?
Where the fuck is the keeper?! 
We don't have Lyft in London. Yet..
Seems unlikely any of the other top 6 will drop points so we really need to win this and keep out great start going!

Tipping Mhiki to get a brace in a 3-0 win.
Fuck it, sack Southgate and let the players sort it out themselves. We still wouldn't play any worse!
And soon Southgate will join their names in the same category! Having absolutely no fucking clue about the national team! 
Needs his wife and kids to buy him some enchroma glasses then film his reaction.
I did mine via o2 in Feb this year. They replaced the battery and sent it back first class recorded, took about 4 days IIRC. I sold it soon after and now use a OP3T but ya know, was cool that o2 sorted me out! 
I got engaged after 11 months, married after 2.5 years. Marriage ended another 3.5 years after that. I wouldn't say I regret any of it except not working harder on the marriage itself. The "speed" of it was fine back then and fine looking back on it. Just gotta do you! 
Torres? Villa?
I can't wait to watch them tie themselves in knots to explain why the iPhone X Gen 2 which has a home button back in it. 
Remember when one of the highlights of the keynote was you could choose your own background? (iOS4? ish?) 
Swipe along the bottom is cool. I dig that.
I know it's not everyone's taste but I use Bacon reader and can see flairs 👍
We're going to score one more than you! (Probably more than one tbf)
You mean drilling it to the near post 9/10 times isn't a good attacking contribution? 
Using a OnePlus 3T in the UK. "Navigate to *postcode*" worked for me on Saturday just gone. No issues with AA except when phoning someone it often freezes and I can't hang up instead it goes to voicemail. 
Step 1: Be attractive.

Damn you dude, nice work!
Forget Pogba - Zlatan!!
This is what every international business does. Sells in USD/GBP/EUR/CNY and then buys in the same currencies at varying ratios depending on where you do the most business
I got the Eurostar today and the cash machine at St Pancras wanted to give me £1=€0.97    fuck that! 
Oh, I meant once you are meeting up with them and going on dates! I'm a massive talker so it's hard to remember which stories I've shared if I am seeing more than one girl at once. I'm also old fashioned, and recently single after a long term thing so sometimes feel out of my depth/have no idea what the protocol is!
2 people I can understand, maybe 3 even. But how do you keep 5 girls on the go, and remember what you've already shared with each of them 😂 
"House Clegane was built upon dead children. I saw them lay Prince Aegon and Princess Rhaenys before the Iron Throne" - Beric Dondarrion.

Thanks for the episode reference! 
They dated since the show has been on?! I always assumed it was some 90s/early 00s thing. Surely everyone knows dating people at work is a TERRIBLE idea! 
I find it amazing that there are literally thousands of people who know the lore inside out, including people on this subreddit and the writers miss blazingly obvious things like two sons called Aegon or one horn blast for others. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯


Edit: Also why did no-one at the big meeting say "How are they going to get past the wall? We know they can't swim."
Obv mute point now but, you know, seems like an oversight.
Was he ever named though? In the show?
I was waiting for one of them to say - "and Daenerys is his aunt."
Kit Harrington looks so hairless. I'm pretty sure Sean Bean is not. Jon should have known a long time ago he wasn't his son haha.
Didn't really think that through, did they?
He wasn't. He lured Dany to the lake to get one.
Possibly the weirdest arc of the season. It's just so BAD! I'd love to have the opinion of a casual viewer of what they think is going on.

Sansa & Arya deserve so much more.
Fuck me, Asensio is a bit good! 
Neymar still won't be able to win the Balloon d'Or!
I don't understand why they don't sell. He doesn't want to play for them and they've been offered an obscene amount for a decently talented player.
And it's especially pertinent if the other team is preparing to face Rashford for 60 minutes and Martial for 30... then on game day they suddenly find out it's the other way round! 
Nah one was down the middle! Poor pen though.
Her mother wasn't the Queen though?
Can I buy this? Please tell me I can buy this!
I'm so ready for the day off when the Queen dies. (Maybe two? Day of mourning then a funeral?) And then another one for Charles coronation. Potentially three extra days in a year relatively soon.
Only for wingers since the King
Winnable! I expect 4W,1D,1L. 
We're overhyped and I don't rate Southgate at all. He finished 12th then 19th with Middlesborough before getting sacked. He then followed that up with finishing bottom of the group with England U21s in Euro 2015. Why the fuck the FA have appointed him I have no idea. 

Regarding the squad, there's a lot of "up and comers" but not much star quality or stability. In goal you've got your pick of Butland or Pickford who both look great but are inexperienced. Defensive line again is unproven, not sure who the starting back 4 would be. Perhaps Walker - Cahill - Stones - Bertrand 
Midfield is perhaps even poorer. Dele Alli is a definite starter but the rest don't exactly shine. Henderson is solid but boring. Sterling (personally) has too many poor games. The Ox has been the next big thing for too long. Dier hasn't been as good as previous, even Lingard is a good local lad but whether he should be in Englands starting 11? Arguably Rashford could be on the wing too.
Then up front Kane obviously. Vardy/Welbeck/Sturridge are all equally unexciting for me. 

I don't know man. We're the bottom of the top, or the top of the bottom. Totally average IMO. 
When was the last time we comfortably beat any country at a major tournament?

We only beat Wales in Euro 2016, and that was a 2-1 nailbiter. Drew with Russia and Slovakia. 
We didn't win any games in WC 2014. Losing to Italy & Uruguay, and drawing with Costa Rica.
Euro 2012 saw England draw with France 1-1, scrape past Sweden (3-2) and Ukraine (1-0) then we lost to Italy on pens.

Looking back to WC 2010; drew with USA (1-1 [lol](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo5GyRnDtMY)), 0-0 with Algeria and beat Slovenia 1-0. Then of course we got beaten by the Germans 4-1 although...[what could have been!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5QlBHF6ib8).

Didn't qualify for Euro 2008.

WC 2006: beat Paraguay 1-0, 2-0 vs Trinidad and Tobago (goals in the 84th min and injury time), 2-2 with Sweden to win the group. Beat Ecuador 1-0 and then lost to Portugal on pens (shock). 

Euro 2004. Here. We. Go. Lost to France 2-1, but we beat Switzerland 3-0 (!!!) and Croatia 4-2 after coming from a goal behind.

Conclusion: England are massive bottlers. Haven't won a major tournament game comfortably in 6 tournaments.
He's not even that good.
I forgot how shit Messi's leg tattoo is! 
Did you see the behind the episode when they said all they wanted this entire time is a zombie polar bear and they finally "put their four feet down" and made them do it? Brilliant. Don't worry about the storyline guys.. just your insane fantasies..
Ohhhh is that why the bear just dropped? 
Also white
[Name], here's the way I look at it. We have two options. One, you let me take you out on a date. It will be awkward at first because we met on tinder. But after a while you'll relax as you find out I'm normal, charming and witty. Several years and many dates later, I'll pop the question. We'll have a large wedding with many friends and family. A few years down the road we have a couple of kids. You devote your time to the kids, and I devote mine to my work, and eventually love leaves the relationship. I foolishly have an affair and when you find out we get divorced. We raise kids in two households where the parents hate each other. Or, option two. We hook up, use a condom, and never speak again. Think of the children [Name].
"Good Kompany" - lasted just one year. [Source](http://deredactie.be/cm/vrtnieuws.english/videozone_ENG/1.2248947)
Eight goals, two clean sheets. Very, very happy.
Eight goals. Two clean sheets. Very, very happy.
The subs aren't wearing the black armbands.
There's a thread on this showing where he dived against them last season. I think also his moaning attitude this half doesn't help.
Is that his first woodwork this season?
Rash is getting frustrated as well, I hope he doesn't do anything stupid. That shot from 40yds was a total waste. 
I need to see the reply again but do you think it could be claimed high foot?
Are they using a different ball this week? Mata has underhit every pass/cross/shot. Felt that he and Mkhi have been very ineffectual. 
Knowing England he'll get rushed back for an Eng cap and get injured in the WCQ... 
Dude just wanted to say you were spot on. I got a Sandisk Extreme and it works perfectly now! Woo!
Where you based? ;)
Isn't there a few out on loan somewhere? Bring someone promising back? 
Wait, this is the one I bought. [Amazon](https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B01EAKAW44/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o03_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) It already is U3?
Thanks! I will check on Amazon and see what I can find!
> I'd say cycling is much cleaner now.

Oh you sweet summer child. They're all still on something, that something just can't be tested for yet. 
I'm pretty sure all elite sport is rife with doping. The guys/girls competing probably don't even think it's doping. Vitamin drips with a bit of something something. Recovery stimulants and so on. 
Just commenting to say I love your flair! 😂😂
I'd love Shaw to fulfil his immense potential. I really hope he comes back and gets 10+ games in a row to get back to full confidence. Otherwise we have to buy someone in January. 
I went to a Ted talk on this! It's by Ole Scheeren. Probably too late to the party though
It was dissent. Sorry if you feel it wasn't worthy of a yellow but there's a lot of precedent for it.
She's gonna burn! 
Play to the goddamn whistle! Don't they teach you that in the U7s?
Goodbye first rate education. Say hello to the University of Lincoln.
I was in Ayr that week London was 34deg. It was beautiful! I've never seen Scotland looking so idyllic. 
As a Brit - who? what? huh?
Before the 50% test it was pretty even, no? 
You said "otherwise we have no heroes"; insinuating all cyclists dope. I was bringing up other potential heroes who are widely hoped to be clean, especially amongst Brits. 
I don't know.. I am skeptical as fuck about Sky but they're hardly unknown riders. They just buy the best ones and pay them enough to not mind being a Domestique (helper) instead of winning races themselves.
Proven false how? 
What about Wiggins? And Froome? They're definitely clean because Brits don't dope! 


/s
Love this app. Picked it up from MKBHD
I just imagined them as Rhyhorns haha!
For some reason "superior athlete" doesn't quite do it when you describe CR7. 
Well, you were nearly right.
Better yet, but one with a USB port and integrated Android Auto :) 
....puberty
Yes but now he's signed for us he's shit, remember? That's how it works.
And learn how to finish!
[Burn them all!](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CjutqVxXIAEL5hu.jpg) 
"sim match"
I like your edit. As a Brit, sat in the middle of the world, figuratively. Am I safe from a Russia/DPRK vs USA nuclear war? Or do we get nuked because of the "special relationship"?
This is 100,000 fearless warriors. These guys do not care if they die - they will scream at you as they come at 30mph down your throat, arakhs glinting in the sunlight/dragon fire. 

How many knights does Cersei have that are unafraid to die? For sure there are some great knights left on her side. But most of the green boys are going to be pissing themselves at the sight of these crazy men on superior horses. They will rip through anything that stands in their way and get to the archers firing at them in a matter of a few volleys of arrows. Then those archers gunna die, man. Look how easy the knights of the Vale rode through Ramsey's forces. 

The Dothraki will take some losses, sure, but I believe they would pulverise any Lannister army in their way. 
Sounds like a certain President.
"Tyrion didn't kill Joff, it was Olenna Tyrell"

"Fake news!"
This is a great catch. I really love the parallels. GRRM & D&D are geniuses. (Genii?)
I mean, they could have chosen to have 10 episodes per season...they did kind of set a precedent for that.
Valencia and Shaw?
I'm not trying to be an ass, but isn't being 'T' a choice? The others, of course not. 
Surely they were talking about how they have this power and use it for evil, not good? 
Greatest Of All Time
In civilised countries outside of the US
I was sad when they killed Wun-Wun
The way some people miss a massive plot-point and then wrongly bitch about people on the internet is actually insane Oo
He's also an ugly fucker. Wtf is that tattoo all over his neck!
I don't disagree. But with the massive popularity Game of Thrones has, the majority of the viewers are much more casual watchers than we are. You can't expect every fan to rewatch the previous seasons before the new one, and you can't expect them to catch something subtle from 2012 to be relevant now. In this TV world, the best thing to do is to introduce the idea of the prophesy and then one max two episodes later fulfill it. 
Ah man we didn't get the previously on in the UK! 
I am not a fan of this idea.
What do people say about May that is worse than fat n*****? 
I wish she would speak like this more often. Not on this subject of course, but with minimal (borderline ridiculous) inflection in her voice. I wonder if she speaks more slowly usually because she is thinking about how to talk around a topic whereas this was straight as you like, and something she is obviously, and rightly, passionate about. 
Yeah but that's the same hand he does everything with..
>Recommend looking for apprenticeship/trainee roles with large companies near you if you wanna start a decent career, I don't think smaller places have the resources to offer training and a decent wage.

I think this is spot on. Lots of top companies want apprentices or undergrads because they can get you to do a lot of work for a cheap wage compared to bringing in contractors. Anything 15k+ with no experience is jolly good tbh.
Conversely, as that cheap labour you get a tonne of proper experience that isn't just making teas and coffees so it's a win-win in my book.

A good place to start is the Times Top 100. My brother got on a grad scheme with Capgemini from looking at a list like that. 
Why would any lawyer take this case? You will lose and either way, you're not getting paid!
It depends on if you want a permanent role or to get onto a scheme. Do you have any specific skills or want to try something new? Their UK office (Frimley) has HR reps that supposedly recruit for all the UK sites but my advice would be to contact the site you wanted to work for - although often they no longer have dedicated HR. In Oxford, at reception, they had a list of all current vacancies - not sure if this is the same at all sites. Of course they have an online application portal as well. It all depends! Feel free to PM me if you think I can help in any way.
It's not impossible to work your way up from the bottom but I understand that I'm in a very privileged position. I finished college with average A levels (B - Drama, B - Eng Lang & D - Maths) and got a job on the Siemens Finance & Commercial Academy. There I started on £13k in 2008 and they paid for my degree. That's clearly the best bit, that they paid for me to get a degree. They actually don't do that anymore, they put 18 y/o through CIMA which I think is ridiculous but that's by the by. At the time Uni fees were £3k so it's a bit like I was being paid £16k. I would say though that I worked 40h weeks and studied in the evenings (3 days per month in Uni plus 4 weeks to write an assignment). During the three years I was on the academy course I earned £13k, £15k and £17k rising to £18k once I completed an internal assessment with 6 months to go. (So earning £18k aged 21 with no student debt). This was all in Lincoln by the way, so not exactly an economic powerhouse. 

I finished my degree in Business Management with a 2:2 so nothing special. (I am "smart" but very lazy.)

After this I had a foot in the door at Siemens and got a permanent role in a Procurement support function earning £21k which is lower than average for a graduate. I did this for 2.5 years with salary increases up to £22.5k which I think was about in line for the time period (2011 - early 2014) certainly nothing special. What I did do, though, is work very hard and got myself a better job in Siemens Oxford factory as an Operational Buyer (great place to work, highly recommend and they have a lot of vacancies at the moment). This job earned me £28k aged 24 and after 2 years of working hard I got an opportunity to be a Strategic Buyer earning £33k. These aren't crazy salaries (at least, I don't think so) but it is very possible. I got my foot in the door early on and clearly not everyone can do that but it is possible. I made the switch to a different company in London in April this year and negotiated a ~50% better salary (procurement negotiation tactics paying off!) so now I live very comfortably. But I have worked hard at every stage and proved my worth to my companies. In honesty I felt like I was taken advantage of at the end of my time at Siemens but I have to recognise I was earning above the UK average at that time. 

I can only encourage people to look a bit outside the box as there are plenty of careers that don't need special skills or uni degrees (I have colleagues with fashion degrees, science degrees or no degrees) that pay decently after a few years of hard work. I still don't know what I want to do for the rest of my career but by working hard in something that isn't super specialist I have excelled and I see people around me doing likewise all the time.
I'm an occasional cider drinker. What do you recommend outside of Magners and Rekordalig kind of stuff? 
Here it is in the air :) http://imgur.com/liDh5tq
You made a fucking account just to post this? Bell end.
I'm sorry that the church treated you this way :(
 My church had a sermon on "sexual orientation" two weeks ago and my favourite bit of it was "Look, God has bigger things to think about than whether you are gay or not." That's a bit blasé perhaps but the message that I like to live by is that any additional love in the world is welcomed by me. I was just on a float in the London Pride parade yesterday and I had The. Time. Of. My. Life! It was amazing and I just think that if God is really there and watching over us all he'd look at Pride and go, Fuck Yeah! Love each other hard! 
No.
It's real.. here's the video: [link](http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/donald-trumps-rambling-90-second-speech-stuns-english-speaking-world_uk_57ab37d7e4b08ab70dc0f646) 
Hey, he went to a spin class today.. he's on it too! 
My Mum volunteers for this organisation. I don't know the ins and outs but they seem really approachable and helpful. Not sure if this has been recommended on here before. Don't worry about the name, they have no stigma against non-Christians or people who aren't in 'poverty'.
 https://capuk.org/i-want-help/our-services/cap-debt-help/introduction
Just don't do them at too much of an angle and it's all fine :) 
Can you ELI5 the bathroom bill? I work for GSK and in the UK our sites have "any gender" bathrooms. Does that bill mean our N.A HQ can't have the same?
> a butt weird
Honestly that's not healthy. It should be United, Wife, Kids. Respect yo baby mama! 
Is there a lean? I didn't see a lean! 
Not sure if this has been said already but when Littlefinger says "Always. In your mind." I think the second bit is the beginning of a sentence, not the whole thing. Like, it could be "In your mind, imagine me pressed up against you, naked and sweaty" or something. 
 /u/altshiftx you are my hero!
Glad I found this. I just finished S7E7 and was seriously confused! NowTV has a free trial period right? 

My favourite tip jar! http://imgur.com/upwsnex
That's their online cousin. E Bola.
I just wish Giggs had chosen England. We could have won it all.. 
What does that even mean?
I barely read the comments. You can't expect me to read the article as well! 
/r/wholesomereddevils
No, but I expect you could trade it in at a bank for todays money. You wouldn't want to though... you'd want to sell it to a private collector. 
No because I am cheap and I wouldn't play the slots on the pier for 5p a go! 2p a go is a fantastic waste of my time and money though :) 
>weather

>hot air

I see no problem here.. 
We're going to try and defend the League cup. Minimum 6 games in the CL. FA Cup run. 38 PL games. There will be plenty of opportunities for Rashford. Jose knows his worth. 
Hey I just finished those two books. Freaking amazing! 
I know Youtube comments are cancer. I don't know why I read some. But JESUS FUCKING CHRIST AMERICA. What the hell is wrong with people. 
And four re-counts. These guys did the same but were allowed to sleep before the final re-count! 
That just means the majority of MPs didn't want a riot from the 52% who voted for Brexit if they made the referendum redundant. I think it's widely known that more than 50% of MPs privately supported remain including T. May herself.
What happened at the 3 launch?
I hope the London one is in the evening.. I wonder why it's the only one not announced.
Can you give a tl;dw? 
And if Brexit goes badly (spoiler alert it will) there will be a lot of anti-Tory feelings and it would be really difficult for them to win an election. This way Brexit happens in 2019 and the next election in 2022. That's three years for our collective amnesia to forget Brexit was a Conservative idea and we can vote Conservative again. 
Daily Mail is the best selling paper in the UK. [Link.](http://www.pressgazette.co.uk/nrs-daily-mail-most-popular-uk-newspaper-print-and-online-23m-readers-month/) 
It's often derided but my parents buy it after switching from the Express (not any better, really) and my Grandma gets it delivered daily. SMH. 
I get you, I'd forgotten about Orell momentarily I admit. Dragons are just so BIG though. And I guess they have powerful minds. I'm hyped though, I would still expect it to happen.
My worry though, is that what makes a Dragon so powerful and dangerous is its instincts and abilities. If Bran was warging the dragon would he know how to fly? How to breathe fire? The limitations of its speed etc etc.
Could Bran warg into Ser Robert Strong a la Hodor? I wonder what state the mountains mind is in...
Please buy Aquafresh to support my pension. Thanks. 
CLASS IS PERMANENT 
"I don't read anything" - Donald Trump
Same! Though I've misplaced the clubmasters.. hope they turn up, can't really justify a new pair :/ 
I just started wearing these and they are great - but! when you go round your mates and take off your kicks... do you take off the socks as well? I feel like a right knob with the no shows left on..
Thanks :-)
\#greizmannutd is genius. Do you claim that?
Fantastic, good for you! I know someone at BT who completed the grad scheme, I think it was in IT though but she stayed with them after she finished so they are a good employer I think. Is it based in London or someone regional? 

I hope someone has a plan.. I used to work for a German company so I thought ah well, if they fuck up Brexit I'll just go work at HQ but now I work at HQ for an British company so there goes that idea... 
Oh nice one, is that a career change? Grad scheme? It's really great, I've been really lucky to work for big companies and travel fairly extensively in the course of managing my commodities. I think Procurement has quite a tough role in modern business but it's very central to success and it's a bit like being a spider in the middle of the web as you try and control all your internal stakeholders and present a united front to the people you're negotiating with. Everyone thinks procurement just try and save money but in reality we're trying to reduce risk. Maybe that's what it's like being PM but on a much grander scale. Trying to unite everyone internally to one vision and then trying to reduce the risk of non-supply, or in this case try and reduce the risk of the country crashing and burning. 

I'm too cynical to think the government actually has a plan. They called a referendum fully expecting to stay in the EU and a year down the line can't actually give any meat to their arguments except Brexit means Brexit and that we are optimistic for the future. I think that the EU needs the UK, but I don't think we're as important as we think we are. 
Thanks for answering. I work in procurement so I negotiate contracts all the time. One of the things you prepare before going in is your BATNA (Best Alternative To Negotiated Agreement) which is basically your backup plan. However this is usually going to a different supplier or buying a different product entirely. You can only have a BATNA when there is a viable other solution. Usually not making the product isn't an option. 

What I'm hearing from May here is that there is no back up plan. I honestly don't know what the repercussions of not having a deal in place with the EU is. We leave the EU and then...we can't import? Export? Travel? Work abroad? Share security information? 
I'm all for us not being exploited and I think that being able to walk away is important but the big question is.. then what?
I'm interested in your opinion here. Can you expand on why that's something you'd like to see?
You failed at your job for six years. Why should we trust you with a more powerful job?
Hmm. I definitely think he will. Coming up in three...two...
They've actually already excavated some of the barrows around the outside of the tomb. It's super interesting, when I went I had a guide show me round and there's bits where you can see where grave robbers have been in way before they were discovered in the 20th century. There's more soldiers, lots of animals and more. IIRC it was one barrow for each aspect of the Kingdom or something. I have some fairly poor photos somewhere if anyone is interested. 
Holy shit. If TWOW ever comes out and you're right I will give you gold.
Great video. Thanks for sharing. I'd never seen this, I heel strike currently so looking forward to trying out these springy principles. 
In this case the generic is made in a different place to Flonase though so not exactly the same as OP.

Source: Work for GSK
Except holding on to a 1-0 lead.
Moses will ruin the game with his cheating.* FTFY
Sure. Go find some young talent without agents, represent them, get a good deal and take your cut. Then find some better players and do the same. 
Can't imagine it's particularly difficult to gain moderate success once you've grafted enough to build contacts within teams
Are you crazy? No way Mata goes... 
I have a OP3T and never had this problem.... 
Oh I think I just realised that 90%+ of the time I press the home button before I lock my phone. So that's why I don't need to press it.. haha. Apologies, I rather jumped to a conclusion just then. 
What? Why? I unlock my phone and all my most used apps are on my home screen already. 

I used to have a 6P and the fingerprint scanner on the back was perfect. I have a OP3T now and whilst I've got used to it...the 6P was better. 
So why doesn't he read from a script every time he makes a speech? There would be far less blunders if he did this... 
He obviously can't miss out Israel. Otherwise he won't be able to bring peace that he's easily going to negotiate. 

/s 
Add snooker to that list
Is there anything this man CAN do?! 
Big if true. When was that? Their HQ is Frimley now and just before I started working for them it was Bracknell. 
Fuck. I love M&Ms...
Yep. And they have a joint venture with Siemens :D 
http://www.dongenergy.co.uk/news/press-releases/articles/first-blades-from-siemens-hull-factory-going-to-dong-energy%E2%80%99s-race-bank-offshore-wind-farm

Obligatory edit: My first gold! Thanks! 
Nah, he's still in the bushes
I think he's had a solid but not spectacular year. To be fair, that describes a lot of the team. I have faith he'll kick on next year and be undisputedly in the top 3 midfielders in the PL. 
L'appel du vide in French. Going to be one of my next tattoos.
Having the ball at his feet with defenders running at him.
In the US...
It worked! 
Oh! That sucks. I'll try that, thank you
I still have Now on Tap :(((((
This is all great... Can anyone tell me how I can get Assistant on my OnePlus 3T in the UK?
Stick a tenner on that
We know how that plays out, though. It's like GRRM said with Robert's Rebellion - a story told twice. No twists or turns. 
Holy shit that's awesome! Congrats! I'm same height and 82kg.. hoping to follow you on the weight route!
I ran Parkrun 4 weeks in a row, and had 3 PBs :) 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pk1DQBruwnQ

Come on..best of their era by a mile. 
Absolutely scraped by.
Inb4 Madrid lose to Juve in the CL ;-) 
GOAT
I didn't know this, thanks. Is he back in the squad now?
He's on loan at Frankfurt until the end of the season. Wikipedia says he's only made 3 appearances though so it doesn't sound like he's impressed. 
0-0 draw against Arsenal with Rooney missing an open goal incoming
Can's goal last week was pretty nice though, to be fair! 
Southampton are working really hard for this. 2 minutes left. Come on!
Well, Brexit hasn't happened yet. Let's re-run the polls 12 months after we actually leave. I would wager that it will look differently then, especially if we have a 'hard brexit' with no agreements between us and the EU
I agree but let's get there first, right? :D 
Yes, he would become King.
I'd say it's split to be honest. Small section are really really for the Royals and another small section are really really against them. I'm fairly neutral, I enjoy the days off we get like the Golden Jubilee or the Royal Wedding :-) 
I'm watching the national news and there's no mention of it at all. They're either not briefed or it's nothing..
Can you give me a guide on how to swap them over? Mine is a work laptop so the functionality might be blocked. But fuck it's annoying! 
We're playing poorly. Shaw is injured. Now Bailly is too. Rashford dived to win a penalty and Rooney put it in the corner. 

Michael Owen trying to defend the dive there haha
Annoying. Hope Jose tells him to cut that shit out immediately. Don't want that in the team! 
Took City a couple of years to get used to CL football and do well didn't it? Must be quite different playing in the CL compared to EL.
And Qatar has a ban on basic human rights, right?
This is the modern game. Any of our guys would have done the same and tbh probably have before now. You can't get into those situations, they get paid more money than I'll see in my lifetime they need to have some self control. You're not actually going to batter anyone out on a football pitch so why fucking pretend.
Who do City have left to play? Are they likely to drop any points? 
Yeah the whole front three have gone off now. Europa or bust now. Ffs.
Wellll I guess Rooney can play there a bit? And TFM and um, can we call Basti back? 
Didn't he just get subbed off for TFM?
And how does that look different to the last 85 minutes? :D 
But Fella just fouled him twice and was riled up. Stupid and pointless. Should be nowhere near him.
Exactly. You know any of our boys would go down the same way.
You know that one of ours would do the same. Stupid stupid Fella.
I think the idea is we nick a 1-0 on the counter but inviting KDB and Aguero to take a dozen shots each isn't comfortable. 
Hello from a United fan. Glad to see you are as frustrated with your team as I am during this game. Enjoy the last 20mins! 
There's 30minutes left, if we win I'll eat my words and call Jose a genius but we don't look like we want this at all. We're so deep it's just tempting them to have a go. We need to make use of this pace up top with some accurate balls played in behind. Can see City taking this one sadly.
How can it be that no other carrier is available? In the UK there must be a dozen carriers available everywhere. (Yes, I know it's a much smaller country)
Sorry for my ignorance but I see this written all the time. How can you be "stuck" on one network?
30 days paid holiday? In America? That's great, you must be really pleased with your company because in my experience (admittedly mostly East Coast, I know Silicon Valley etc have 'unlimited' holiday) it's usually 15 or less. 
Think how much more money they could have if they let us pay a reasonable amount for high quality streams of the games we want to watch...
I agree that the weather can be considered better. But you never have the chance to go out an enjoy it! I used to work with a company who's employees got 0 days paid holiday, except national holidays, in their first year of working with the company. What. The. Fuck! In the UK the minimum is standard and both the companies I've worked for give 26 days as standard (plus the 8 bank holidays the UK has) 
Jesus Christ America. 
I used to think I'd like to live in the US but I'm pretty sure you don't do anything at all better than the UK. Why are you so convinced you're the best country in the world?
Healthcare, maternity leave, mobile phone plans, home internet plans, vacation days... everything is worse worse worse. 
Edit: Oh, and education! 
Of people? Or of Americans?
Who is this commentator? Some of his sayings are hilarious "COMES OUT OF NOWHERE LIKE A GHOST FROM A THICK SCOTTISH FOG" lol
*Messi jumps out of the way of a season ending tackle* MESSI DIVED! /s
Lyra & Will
God, the thumbs up thing is so trashy/cringe. Behave properly you child. 
Huh?
I'm using the 3T as a daily driver after using a Nexus 6P before that and I am enjoying it very much. It's snappy, the photo quality is fine, the front facing camera is actually excellent. It's slightly smaller than the 6P which is great for me as that was a bit much to use one handed. I don't really have anything bad to say about the 3T to be honest. Maybe the camera bump but that's standard these days really. Actually maybe the battery - on Day 1 I got about 6 hours of SOT and now two months later I seem to struggle to get 4.5. android OS and android system often take up a lot of battery life and Idk why. 
Anything is better than bud light... 
I think it's just a bit meh. Not too tasteful, not too strong, bit soulless I guess? 
I love how people outside of the UK drink and enjoy Newcastle Ale. In the UK it's counted as the vilest of the vile. 
Thanks for this. I was definitely told verbally about the costs on the day that I left (28th March) and now I've had the letter via email which says the final amount of £540. 

Sounds like I will have to pay it, I just moved to London which wasn't cheap so perhaps they'll let me pay it over several months. Thanks again. 
Because everyone else just sits back and we have no creativity - especially with Mata out for the rest of the season. 
We have plenty of pace in the side - but no gaps to use it. 
Dammit. Literally watching Taken right now and browsing Reddit. (First time I've seen it, I know, I know.. it's very good :))
Who's the game in hand against? If we win that and the Derby...... 
Adrenaline's a hell of a thing. 
As a result (not sure if direct or not) of this GSK now don't pay a single doctor or medical professional to endorse any of their products. For example you may have noticed their Sensodyne adverts have stopped using dentists (that they paid) to recommend the toothpaste.

Source: I just started working for them and learnt that this week
Get out of here with your "facts" :P

P.S You missed a bit - "sub appearances"  when talking about Rashford.
Me three!
Oh that's fantastic! Makes me feel much better :D 
I was born 1990 and Sharp is the first O remember. Who was before that, and what year?
DDG isn't going anywhere.
Red hair and blue eyes represent!
Same for me!
Oneplus 3T
You just lost the game.
Quite simple, DarkMatter icons and the background from a different icon pack. The folder isn't ideal​ but it keeps my most used finance apps in, I'm trying to keep a closer eye on my outgoings & investments! http://imgur.com/Y03AYpQ
I leave my job next Tuesday after 8+ years at the company. Happy for new challenges but sad and kinda scared about moving somewhere new! Feels weird, man! 
Eek.
Finally, basically all the results have gone our way. Top 4 is really looking possible now. GGMU 
Is the tesco hudl still a thing? I always heard they were pretty good
I've had my OP3T for a week now from a Nexus 6P and thoroughly enjoying it :)
I'm distracting myself by reading this article. I guess that means I'm not a HPE :D
It works now :)
And on baconreader too! Awesome.
Doesn't appear to work in Whatsapp? It shows up in SMS, facebook etc. Any ideas?
My real last name is Snow. Can you legitimise me?
Both wrong. It sits at £1=$1.22 today.
The private sector pay is much much better. With better benefits these days as well. Are you in procurement? I am just leaving a job near Oxford if you're interested, there's a vacancy ;)
Football. Bloody hell.
One day I went outside to my vegetable patch and saw that someone had put extra soil on top of the stuff I had put down the day before.
I spent the day digging off the new soil so it was at the level where I had intended to leave it.
The next morning, I went back to my land and saw that again, someone had dumped a load more soil on top, this time even more than the first. Who could be doing this?! I thought to myself - the plot thickens. 

Dude. Thanks for the detailed reply! Speed and battery life are huge positives. I'm actually not that bothered about the camera, I'm terrible at photography so it doesn't matter how good the camera is, my photos will always look sub-optimal :D 
Dash charge looks amazing - plus Em Rata advertises it... 
I'm pleased to hear about Oxygen being close to stock, that's always a bonus. Being in the UK I never normally get the updates particularly quickly anyway so I don't think that's a huge turn-off for me. The cost of the device is the biggest bonus. I think I might pull the trigger within the next month! 
Why did you make the switch to a OP3T? I'm possibly considering the change but only out of boredom/desire for something new and shiny. I'd love to hear how you're getting on with it.
Haha I know the girl who lead that campaign. She was elected as some kind of security. She's kind of irritating, she now works for a paper in Boston, Lincs. She's called Olivia and married to a guy called Oliver. Must be a nightmare.. 
He also put on the captain's armband... 
Super nice of you to take the time to reply man, thanks so much. Yeah there's definitely money to be had if you have the right attitude, in procurement or projects or that kind of thing, it's all transferable skills. I'm looking to live in the Twickenham/Ealing area so I can avoid driving to work. I have an expensive car on finance which I can't get out of but I want to drive it as little as possible once I'm there. The idea is cycle to work most of the time (3-5 miles) and if it's absolutely miserable take the train at about £5 a pop. In a couple of years we might decide we don't need two Audi's anymore and go down to 1 car if we're enjoying London. My wife's a consultant so it is necessary to have at least one car but we'll see how it goes. It's a bit more expensive than Oxford but not soooo bad. 

The spreadsheet is a good idea, I just started using the MoneyDashboard app to track spend and i'm finding it useful so far. I'll drop you a line in 3 years ;-) 
Ah that's fantastic. I'm a few years younger but not dissimilar position, although much worse financially - my wife and I are not exactly frugal..... 

My company paid for my degree too, I work in procurement and I'm starting a new job in 2 months which increases my salary from ~30k to 49k which means I can finally start paying off debts and saving some money. I will be moving to London though so cost of living will go up but i'm really committed to keeping it as low as possible. 

You are an inspiration and I hope to be on my way to such good situation in 3 years when I'm 30 :) 
25 and making 250k? Now I'm sad... :D 
That's amazing, what qualifications and career steps did you have to make to get to where you are?
I don't think that's depressing at all. I take home a little bit more, about 1850 and I save 0. I wish I could save £300! Haha. 
That's incredible. Well done to you both. What expenses do you have? Mortgage, cars etc? How old are you? What are your plans for all the money you save? Property?
What jobs do you both do?
Sorry for all the questions :-) 
Ranieri vs Mata for the loveliest guy in football award! 
Have you seen his other stuff? He's not joking...
It's not the flying that's the problem. It's the sleeping. But yes, +3 isn't too bad and the game will be in the evening. They're pros and they should be used to it anyway. They have every luxury and it is pointless to hide behind such travel if we perform badly. If anything it's more relaxing and comfortable than taking a train from Manchester to London. 
I hadn't read this before. It's quite eye opening. Completely insane and completely self-inflicted but still, eye opening. 
........no they don't
Sweaty smiley 😅
The reason Swansea are in the English League along with Cardiff, Wrexham, Colwyn Bay, Merthyr Town and Newport is because, when these clubs were formed, there was no Welsh League, so there only option was to Join the English League.

Although a League of Wales was formed in 1992, all these clubs were given the option to join but all declined.

Source: [Quora](https://www.quora.com/Why-is-Swansea-in-the-English-League)
BT Sport 3
I'm confident Berba would have scored that one :) 
If we didn't have Ibra we'd be playing with Rooney up top I guess. Rooney would have scored at least some of the goals Zlatan has, given the same chances.
Well then...
True! How can someone watched by millions be so lacking in self awareness. Surely someone could tell him it looks atrocious!
Does Darmian have the worst beard in English football? 
There was a time he played a lot of PL and I remember being pretty scared when he had the ball at his feet. Can anyone remember a specific howler?
I thought it was the legend that is Nicky Butt! 
Good shout!
Damian goes LB, Blind as CB
Hi, I got my Echo today - pretty cool so far. My gripe is that after using the app for 30minutes or so when I next went into the app it's taken me back to the 'Setup' screen. Even though the Echo is already set up and connected... Anyone had this? How do I bypass it? Grr..
I didn't know this, thanks :) 
She went from fiance to wife in a few paragraphs - congrats! ;-) 
If it;s already 3am, email your boss now to say you've been up all night...V&D...they'll think oh shit coolylame was up at 3am, must be bad, don't come in today.. 
Then sleep until lunch and use the afternoon for whatever you like ;) 
Thanks for this link, a really cool read. I love Shilton! (And ooh, aah, Cantona!) 
This is incredible. What was he thinking! 
I haven't thought this analogy through, and really I'm not smart enough or knowledgable on the subject matter but - ENRON anyone??
Can you mirror it so it looks like his right foot?
He's the guy who invented the Pokémon storage system! 
Mou said permanent transfer or nothing
Happy cake day! 
Especially when you finally get a start in the team. Surely you should be trying to prove to the manager you should start more often?! 
Yes you did :) 
I really appreciate OP took the stupid 1 word thing out of the Opta tweet. Well done OP! 
Sigh. Take my upvote, Dad.
This is a fantastic stream, thanks!
It doesn't look serious.. I hope.. 
We're absolutely dominating. It's been a while since we've looked a league better against lower division opponents. I am psyched! 2-0 as I type this, fuck yeah.
Nice bit of trivia for future pub quizzes! 
Mou's news conference ahead of the FA Cup tie about Morgan & Memphis:
"Morgan Scneiderlin and Memphis Depay have not considered for selection with both players edging closer to an Old Trafford exit.

Mourinho says: "I will allow them to leave if the right offer comes. I don't think about them as options. Normally they would be selected tomorrow but they aren't. A couple of weeks ago I thought it was 100% they would go, now 0% (because no bid good enough)."

Has it got to be permanent deal for both? "Yes."

Mourinho adds that Bastian Schweinsteiger "wants to stay".

[BBC Link, comments at 14:08](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/live/38250307)
He leapt like a Salmon! 
Yeah but you have to hope Martinez has a bit more of a clue than the other ex-pros right? Coaching at the highest level for 10 years or so
Gotta love being English sometimes. I've never, ever had anyone do any of the shit that's being described in these comments. We're just too damn polite! 
You say sit-wiper like there's another option? Do people stand to wipe?! Why? 
Yup, this. Add to that laundry and taxi service and you'll realise he'll get by ;-) 
Yeah that's a good guess. I also just thought they probably have to spend ages on the security aspect of them. Making sure they can't be copied or tampered with and so on. As a £20 is twice as valuable as a £10 I guess they spend more time on it. 
😂
Thanks
Thanks
Okay, brilliant. Thanks. I wonder why such a big gap between 2017 and 2020. 
Is there any indication that the £10, £20 and £50 notes will also be changed?
Good job we have Southgate now then. Someone with real calibre and top level experience. /s
I'm not disagreeing with you but we had 32 shots on goal, and Martials goal was started with a Pogba pass from deep so I don't think it's all bad. If anything it's about time we won a game without Carrick! Should give some confidence next time he's out injured.
Is there anything from Mou post match yet? 
I don't know the laws of the game well enough, but because Martial got his shot off/had his goal scoring chance can the referee still bring it back to award a penalty?
How many players are changed from the last two or three games? 4? 5? I know we play again on Monday... 
The reversible white/gold one. I wore the shit out of that shirt! 2001/2002 centennial celebration of being called Manchester United iirc.
Do you have a link? I can't find it on their website, neither US or UK. Cheers. 
I got in the car with a bunch of letters in one hand, my phone in the other. Chucked the phone on the passenger seat, then the letters on top. Drove to the postbox, scooped up all the letters and put them in the post box...Including my phone!

Waited nearly 2hours for the postman to arrive so I could rescue my phone. Idiot! 
We sure do :) 
Yay Siemens "Healthineers" buddy.
That makes so much more sense!

Thanks :')
Is there a way to change the app drawer icons without doing them one by one? 

Not sure if this has already been said but check out the Landrover Evoque vs Chinese Land Wind it's a pretty amazing copy, but announced at the same time
I see you, SAP. I hate you, SAP.
Underappreciated comment right here. Well done!
Her son?
Maybe. I don't imagine how my role could be automated but I guess I have to be open to the possibility. I'd guess it won't affect me for many years though. 
Controversial but - the people who are losing their jobs due to automation are not likely to be the people who are capable of using their new found spare time to do something beneficial.
That's actually pretty speedy. Is that at a big airport with a lot of footfall?
Wow I got the gold one for my wife at about £900 after student discount including beats headphones we sold for £150.. what justification do they have for raising the price so dramatically?
Can't use wine on my mac for some reason, work pc stopped letting my play octgn, so this could be a godsend for me! Can't wait to try it out :) 
That dog is one patient pooch! My pug would last about 0.2seconds before freaking the fuck out
What's it called when you learn about a thing and then you see it everywhere? (I started watching Casey a couple of weeks ago)
It wasn't. 
[14 April 1999](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1998%E2%80%9399_FA_Cup#Semi-finals)
Non-American here - my work deducts taxes from my salary so I pay automatically. Only self-employed people here in the UK need to do their own taxes, or people who get money from other sources like caring for sick people.
So, my question, in the US you get paid monthly, do you have to save some in the bank and then pay a lump some of tax at the end of the tax year? 
Commenting to remind myself to download this when I'm home tonight. Thanks! 
This entire *thing* with Donald Trump reminds me a bit of the Jimmy Savile story here in the UK. Nothing concrete for decades, everyone turning a blind eye then suddenly...landslide. 
Oh wow, that's terrible!! 
My wife had an A1 for 2 years, no problems. An A3 for one year so far and one quick problem which was the boot is open light came on whilst the boot was closed. They fixed it in a day. 
Good luck if you go with the Merc, I guess all nice cars are expensive :P 
I have no idea about the mortgage thing but on the cars.. don't get the old A5, the tech is way outdated and the car is super heavy. Check out the new A4 which is what I got instead, I pay just under £400 a month for the Sport model (18,000 miles p/y so less if you drive less). You can pick up the A3 S Line 3 door for around £330 if you do sub 10k miles p/y. 
I looked long and hard at Mercedes but compared to Audi they just don't cut it in the deals they offer, the quality of the car and the interior especially. (The exteriors are pretty nice esp the A Class AMG)


Ah, I see. Fantastic, thanks
Can someone ELI5?
Lol, okay.
Whoosh.
Robbie Savage must be the fucking saltiest piece of shit that never made it at United. So glad Rooney hasn't played the whole 90, hearing Savage sucking him off for an hour and a half would make me suicidal.
Worst. Assist. Ever.
I just signed up. Thanks for prompting me to do this :) 
WHAT IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE
What about the guy that does M&S? David Gandy? 
You mean the holes in the sink to stop water from overflowing?!
There's a reason all current products on the market are enclosed. Open magnets have low field strength and can't do anything but the most basic scans. What you really want is a scanner with a wide bore, these are the best sellers right now.
By the way, Philips don't have any open scanners in their current portfolio. http://www.philips.co.uk/healthcare/solutions/magnetic-resonance/imaging-systems

This is true! It's because the magnetic field isn't superconducting. The closed ones are much quicker with tonnes better image quality. You can even get 7T machines and higher. 
Yes but they're old and terrible. Image quality is poor. They're mostly sold to third world countries. 
Disclosure - I work for Siemens making MRIs.  
I had one for fun a few years ago and they gave me a mirror on my head unit so I could see out and see my feet. 
Without that I might have felt claustrophobic.
/r/thathappened
Huh? This is shit. Feel sorry for the teams. No training bases, flying for hours just to get to games.. 
Hey, at least it's an excuse for England to be bad! 
Proof that beards make your eyesight better!
2016 model is 80kg (?) lighter and has the upgraded MMI system with Carplay/A Auto. That makes it worth it for me.
I just picked up the 2016 model but brand new. I miss out on the front parking sensors and the parking sensor graphics but in return I got a further £1100 off (£5760 off in total) and folding mirrors, the interior LEDs, privacy glass, some different alloys and high beam assist.
This was a Sport not S Line so YMMV 
Perfect, thanks! I am sad that I can't ride my Ponyta though
I'm really digging the 1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1 formation. Can't wait to see it in the flesh! /s
No way is that kid getting the job if he turned up to the interview looking like that! 
So if you're sick you don't get paid from your place of work, and then have to pay through the nose at the doctor's or hospital to get better? Good one, America.
Understatement of the century.
I pick up my new car tomorrow - super excited! 
Or everyone will get used to it, after all the new owners got a decent pair of BT headphones for Christmas. Jesus Christ. I bet in a year everyone just won't care a damn about the headphone port being gone.
No your citizens and officials agree with you out of fear..
Also, £919 is for the 256GB 7Plus. Which I can imagine aren't going to be required by many people. Don't get me wrong, £719 for the basic 32GB Plus is still insane but it's not like it's £919 or no iPhone. 
Eh, UK here. 10GB data with O2 for £21.
Three do an unlimited one for £18ish but doesn't allow more than a small amount to be used for tethering (2gb?). I used to be with Three but sadly I don't get signal at my new job so I switched.
Hmm, okay.. I'm sure someone will make an adaptor like you get for the macbook with only one USB socket. Sucks for you though.
Could you connect to your car via Bluetooth?
I mean, how often do you have your phone on charge and listen via headphones? 
When you're at home is basically the only time, right? 
People who fall asleep with headphones in are the worst kind of people. 
The Bayern stat seems a tad suspicious! Nice even number compared to the rest..
If you told me this was 2016 I'd believe you.. 
King Size Twix is my go to! 
It's a shame he's shit the rest of the time!
No, no, no. The wrap is fine but you need the Naked Smoothie which is about £2.80 and then a big sharing bag of buttons/equivalent. £2.50 iirc and part of the meal deal (at least they were ~6mo ago. 
I thought she had a robot glove on! 
Sam just said Rooney was 'brilliant' and 'controlled the game' and he can 'play anywhere he wants'. Jesus.
It was a cracking strike though.
26, 33k, Procurement 
Good read! Thanks. Fun fact, Siemens have only ever been sponsors for two teams - Real Madrid and Lincoln City! 
What a bunch of shit. £15?! Christ. 
Don't invest too much money until you know if you will stick with it or not. A Yonex racket for around £30 will do you nicely, and (for now) the cheapest pair of non-marking shoes (check out Decathlon if you have one). Other than that you probably already own sports clothes. Let someone else buy the shuttles.
Any idea what his 10k time was back in the day? 
Wow. I'm new to Quads and I admire your skill in getting that back. If it was me I'd be on a very long walk to find my fallen friend..
I think so. He talked about a big squad, minutes for everyone across competitions. 
Good to be back!
Q: What do you think about the fee?

PP: Nothing. It is behind me. I look forward to winning the league.

I CAN'T WAIT. 
Nope it didn't get wet.
I'll order replacements :) 
Interesting that the one car that gets covered with it is also one that has a dash cam recording. Russia?
Holy shit dude. This is incredible. I scrolled through the album completely open mouthed. Absolutely beautiful, beautiful bag. Congratulations. I know that even if I had 1/10th of your skill I wouldn't have an ounce of the creativity and the patience to craft such a lovely bit of kit.

Everyone go and follow his Instagram, it's criminally under-appreciated! 
But we can make 6 ;-) 
Did we grow up in the same place?! I knew a kid who would hang out by Aldi in town. Kids like us would buy him a big bottle of liquid - orange juice, milk whatever and he would drink it and then projectile vomit whilst spinning in a circle in the carpark. Ah, the scummy scummy memories. 
Maybe this is a 'last chance'. I remember LVG doing similar with Nani and others. I know Mou said everyone in the squad is in his plans but seriously..game after game he lets us down.
Is that a Richard Mille? 
Congrats and congrats! So pleased for you! :-) 
Abarth 595s are hardly cheap though, right? In the UK they start at £19,000 brand new.
That's one hell of a drive. Can I ask why?
This is the correct answer.
I ticked every pokemon. The notification drawer just says "PokeNotify is searching in the background"
How long does it take the first time to find something? It's been about 5 minutes so far. 
I really hope that when the series is done, they follow what "Harry Potter" did and open a massive hanger with all the costumes and props and sets for people to walk around and admire. I think that would be my favourite thing ever! 
I can only get so erect.
I don't think they would. Memphis is feeling a bit like Adnan to me right now. He really needs to start creating chances and putting away the ones he's given! I wouldn't mind 7 going empty for a while until we have someone proven to be 'worthy'
*We used not to
26, living on a farm in the Cotswolds with my wife and pug. Work in strategic procurement  for Siemens in Oxford, market leader for MRI machines. Siemens obviously are much larger and do basically everything..
Would love to earn a bit more money and maybe move to London so if anyone hears of anything... ;-) 
How do you find being self employed consultant? What experience do you have that means people will hire you? I'm a commodity manager in strat procurement for Siemens in Oxford, been doing that about a year. Before that I was in operational procurement and before that was in methods, processes and tools. I'm 26. Would like to do some consulting one day but no idea who would hire me and why :D haha. 
Learn to do it yourself, it's not too difficult :) get a sewing machine or borrow one from a friend/relative and start with something cheap or old and follow some online instructions, YouTube is where I learnt from. By the time you've done about 3pairs of sleeves you'll get the hang of it.
Still valid for all the other Nationals that are yet to happen, though.
I'm married. She's married. But to different people. Not friends on any social media and live presumably miles apart. 
Get hype! Choo choo
Checking in from the Cotswolds area! Not much around here but trying my best! 
The feels! 
I'll take one in white, please. 
But, RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS! /s
As painful as watching Utd I'm afraid. No urgency, no creativity and clueless around the box. Dont deserve to top the group.
And whores.
Surely it's Maddie McCann?
Ah shit man that sucks. Well if you find yourself with one, install Octgn and I'll happily give you a game :) 
Check out OCTGN :)
"The things I do for love."
Very good!
Or Massimo Taibi ! 
I like that you think we can persuade Griezmann & Ronaldo to Utd but can't get a better CB than Blind ;) 
That's very true :) 
I like the one from the first link although probably a little too pricey for me. I prefer wrap around bracelets so although I wouldn't buy any there are several that I do quite like. The komang small brown or Nurul are my favourites. 
I have never worn a ring that wasn't my wedding one although I would be open to it :) 
I think most men will wear a wedding band & a watch. I see a lot of fitbit/activity trackers now as well. 

I wear my wedding band, a leather strap watch and a [Pandora brown leather bracelet](http://estore-uk.pandora.net/bracelets/moments-double-woven-leather-bracelet---brown/590705CBN-D.html?cgid=39cfe14b-61cd-4afd-ae28-a0c9008dd246&src=categorySearch&cid=sem:ge:e:en-gb::google:shopping:::&_$ja=tsid:67678|cid:235294251|agid:16182552291|tid:pla-81335805674|crid:82208348691|nw:g|rnd:4352146721819068832|dvc:c|adp:1o1&gclid=Cj0KEQjw94-6BRDkk568hcyg3-YBEiQAnmuwkhJBYHMhCmMGCIAm4uuZRCY-ZHxoBQcGhu9aR2ynnpQaAsvo8P8HAQ).
 
Cufflinks when I wear a suit and on some occassions I will wear other bracelets like Miansai with their hooks or anchors. 

I used to wear an ear stretcher and two eyebrow bars but I guess I grew out of them. 
YES! Spot on
I have used it twice yesterday and it's great. However it appears that it disables itself after not being used? Example yesterday it was in my app draw and today it's not. I have to go back to Google Play and 'enable' the app.

Any ideas? 
A teacher with 3 properties who's mortgages come to 3% of your salary? 
Absolute troll. Redditor for 1 week, has -ve scores on basically every comment which is inflammatory and conveniently is rich due to being a property mogul who earns six figures doing something unknown. 
Russia.
Is that wallpaper available somewhere? Can someone link me?
Huh. Well TIL. In which case I can see why people just use SMS for convenience.  
Huh. Well TIL. In which case I can see why people just use SMS for convenience. 
Yeah, um. You're still going to have to pay the license fee. 
Except to watch live TV at all you have to own a TV License. That's something like 20m homes in the UK. 
If you reduced the license by half as was suggested above, you'd need at least 10m of those homes to fill the gap (based on fee going down £60 and "Britflix" costing £120 /year).  Netflix 'only' has 5m UK subscribers. 
I am tempted to go register the domain www.bbchill.co.uk 
Do y'all not send picture messages and videos? That shit's expensive over SMS.
I've had unlimited texts in the UK since my Sony Ericsson W810i back in 2006. I have one contact who I SMS now and that's my mother in law who has a dumb-phone still. The rest of my messaging is done in WhatsApp with a bit done on fb messenger. 
18apps, 4 goals, 1 assist. 
IIRC it wasn't anywhere near 1 per week. It was 3 or 4 per season. 
Edit: Okay it's 12 Champions League and 14 Europa League. I suppose that is about 1 per week. I stand corrected!
I don't know if I should laugh or cry
Thanks for explaining! I am dumb :)

P.S Wonderful username!
Why didn't the anchor hit the sea bed and stop? How deep is the water they are in? And if it wasn't going to reach the sea bed why were they lowering the anchor?
Or Wales! (Like Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch).
In case you're not joking it's because the phrasing sounded like blacks and people are separate things. i.e. blacks are not people. 
I thought this was a great video, seems like a proper nice guy. Really pleased for him that he is making a living from what he loves. My one comment though is that he said there are hundreds of thousands of people into finger-boarding. Is that true? I play Game of Thrones card game (shout out to /r/agameofthroneslcg) and there are maybe 10,000 worldwide. This seems even more niche? 
Fuck you.
It was Lord Nelson's flagship at the Battle of Trafalgar. Now a museum in Portsmouth :)  
I think there was a pin badge and a new card holder for ID cards. Not too awful :/ 
Amazing username ;) 
I get a max 10% bonus, then department managers get 20% and directors 40%. 
Must be lovely to be at that level! 
I actually really like working for Siemens. Good job, good career path.. 
... that isn't true.
It wasn't. 
Erlangen, Germany. 
We get a bonus anyway but a bigger one would be nice :p 
The CEO and CFO of Healthineers actually left the presentation about 20minutes before this all happened. They were off to place the cornerstone of the new Healthineers HQ. 
Absolutely. 40% of his six figure salary I'm sure. 
Huh? This is an exercise for Siemens' public relations. It's supposed to invigorate and differentiate the brand. It's all customer focused and as all the medical equipment end users are the public... 
Our MD was basically silent and then his closing comment was that the song devalued everything they had presented in the hour beforehand. I can't imagine they will undo it.. there are already plans in place for all the admin stuff to change, letter heads, office signs, business cards, email addresses the works. 

Also, did you know that conveniently the Germans are on a 4 day weekend now? Haha. 
PR & Marketing not HR
I guess you weren't talking about Siemens directly here but I do feel obliged to say that they pay pretty well, the hours are fine and the benefits are pretty good (private healthcare, match pension contributions, free shares etc).
Hundreds of thousands probably. Not millions. It was only employees from Bavaria, maybe even just Nuremburg and Erlangen. It was live-streamed to the rest of us we weren't flown in or anything! 
Siemens Healthcare/Healthineers is a different company to Siemens AG now. So the one does not affect the other. 
I'm guessing they won't do a U-turn on this so we just have to get on with it I guess... :/

Are you in Germany or outside of it?
I work for Siemens Health~~care~~ineers and this is embarrassing. Luckily I wasn't present for the event but watched it live-streamed with the senior management for the site I work at. 

Look, the re-branding itself isn't horrendous. The colours look good and it does make sense to have a stronger differentiation between Siemens AG and Siemens Healthcare. I don't like the name but I can kind of see why they did it. It's "un-German" and a bit more "American". It's supposed to help give customers an "emotional attachment" to the company it's buying it's Healthcare devices from. Maybe it will work. Maybe it won't. Honestly we're market leaders in almost everything anyway so why we need all this is a bit of a mystery.    
 
Unfortunately the morph people and the *really* bad song cheapens the entire effort. 

At the end of the day, our legal entity is still Siemens Healthcare GmbH so we've got that going for us. 

Edit: People weren't forced to go to this (or to clap & cheer! Hah) but there was a morning off work and free food available so....
Why do you think that? 
It's only Mother's Day in the USA....
And Northern too :) so fucking hype
Can he play on the right? Lingard puts in a lot of effort but I think Memphis would be more effective if he could switch to the right and be consistent.
There wasn't a Previously On for Sky Atlantic :/ 
Probably things like ticket prices, number of seats not being sold because reserved for Corporate people that don't turn up, obscene amounts of money being put in by TV corps compared to other leagues. Etc. 
Should be TFM on the right and CBJ on the left (if fit)
Haha yes. But I would rather go through a dozen roundabouts without stopping than sit at a dozen sets of traffic lights! 
Haha, well I do! I don't think I've ever heard anyone English say flip the bird... (what is the bird that you're flipping?). 

I guess if I say "I gave him the finger" everyone would know what I meant. 
Protection from Nym? Maybe.
Absolutely. I almost never middle finger anyone. It's much more effort to hold my index finger down 
I live just outside Cirencester in the Cotswolds. My wife and I pay £800 for a 2 bed semi on a farm with a large back garden. I think that's fairly decent all things considered. Council tax band B as well. 
Or, you know, play Martial up top. 
Don't worry. We will meekly lose 2-0 to West Ham tomorrow. 
How many games until we mathematically can't get top 4? 
Swindon/Cotswolds, UK 
Hit me up if you play nearby! 
It's mad isn't it. I can't imagine going to tell my Dr that he needs to prescribe me something I saw on TV. 
So how old was Maegor when Aegon I died? He didn't get to ride a dragon until his Father's death? Was there a lack of Dragons that early on? By TP&TQ times there was an abundance of different dragons for all the family
AA? Anyone? 
Agreed! Another Brit here, telling all my American contacts to feel the Bern! 
I guess you aren't with them anymore but I use their app and supply a reading every month. It takes me approx 15 seconds and I've never had a wrong bill. Worth a shot for anyone who isn't currently using the app. 
Set up a kickstarter. I'm in. 
He influences a game way more, and more consistently, than Cleverley ever did
We are never going to hold on. Shit. 
Schweni on at half time for Carrick. Januzaj & Memphis on at 60min if we're not winning.
Greg James?
Rojo over Blind?
Nice!
I know... but are they in Dorne? Have they crossed the narrow sea?
1:20 - Dothraki in Dorne?!?!? 
[They don't care about eye authenticity](http://images6.fanpop.com/image/photos/37200000/-Game-Of-Thrones-game-of-thrones-37233796-500-280.gif) 
/r/nostalgia
Holy shit. First post on this sub which makes me legit say holy shit out loud. That's incredible/horrific. 
This is unbelievable work, amazing, congratulations. I can't get over how perfect they all are. So, so amazing. I'd love to commission you for a set of these but I literally couldn't afford how much they are worth in time and skill and effort. My sincerest congratulations for making such striking and beautiful art.
I played against Lannister LotC last night on OCTGN (I was Targ-Lion). My opponent only got to turn 3 once and although he did win the challenge, I felt like the agenda was a bit wasted, and he would have been better using Fealty.
Perhaps it changes with a stronger player to pilot the deck. 
When I play casually with friends who do not own any cards themselves, I print proxies of the commonly over-used neutrals and plots (Milk, Tears, economy, Seal, Littlefinger, Noble Cause, Wildfire). So they aren't obvious, I sleeve all my cards so you basically can't tell :-) 

I think I printed about 40 proxies to make 8 mono-faction decks that could be played balanced amongst 6 players. 
ELI5: Why does my stream lag more when I go into full screen mode?
Seriously. 90% of us hadn't heard of this guy 7 days ago, and now he is on a match day poster! Most insane week of his life! 
Yeahhh I don't think it fits in with the books. Am I right in thinking that Arya etc strip and clean the bodies and then some other workers in THOB&W peel off the faces and save them for future use? 
I stuck a tenner on a Shrewsbury win. If we win I'm happy we're through. If we lose, well I'm up £100!
It certainly is! Are you going?
I'm going to Bristol, UK S.C in the morning and taking Greyjoy/Sun. It's my first tournament as well so my aim is to win a game! That would be really good. I am happy with the deck though choosing which plots is much harder!! 
Happy Birthday, Leo!
Shame its not London, England... :-(
Won initiative? Want to go 2nd? Think who Ilyn Payne will kill this round before you decide :D 
Precisely how I closed out a marathon 3 player melee at 2:30 this morning :D (round 9)
If they got promoted to the PL I think theirs would be the 11th largest in terms of capacity! (33,597)
It was only 2-1 against Derby 15 minutes ago.     
>Peirera is already weighing his options    

Source? 
And a really great run from Rooney to create the space
Come on. They were inches. In real time. From 40yds away. You go and try. 
(Genuine question) Why put on a youngster for 5 minutes? We need to make sure we don't do anything stupid to invite them back into the game with 2 minutes to go. 
Now there's the next round :D And Europa. 
Championship defender though. Chill. 
Maybe LVG does know something...Lingard & Mata instrumental in the victory now... 
"I'm really surprised." - No-one.
"Hah" - LVG
"I don't know what he was doing in the box" haha
How does 85th minute sound? 
We had a strong first 30mins. Martial could have had 2 or 3. Rooney scored a lovely curler but was a leg and a foot offside. Mata & Lingard have been poor. Varela has been a real bright spark. Derby have a black guy called Blackman and the commentators are trying really hard not to say Black Man. Enjoy the second 45! 
Edit: and I don't think Lingard has passed once to Varela who is overlapping every attack.
Ball to hand.
Mata & Lingard have been poor. Herrera & Memphis on at half time for me
I got 8/1 odds on a draw at half time, Derby winning at full time. I put a few quid on. What is life. 
Concentrate on the interview. For reals. Football is football & I love it but you gotta concentrate on what's best for you. Wishing you luck!
I knew it looked wrong. Know excuse. 
Huh? Are you literally saying your chosen career is inconvenient?
Here here.
Macbook Pros got rid of them when they got rid of the CD slot (makes sense!) 
He looks like he tries too hard imo
Can't cross for shit. I'd rather Valencia hit the first man than it sail off for a throw in on the other side. (Yes I know Tony V is injured)
Useless isn't it!! Where's the whip? Where's the vision?? 
Honestly I don't see either of them changing this game. Should have put money on another 0-0
I bet you feel silly now. 
I put money on 3-3 at 1-1....don't ruin this for me :D 
We're barely serviced by BT! They offered "up to 1mb" download speed. 
In the end went with an independent. Get 7-9mb download over the air. Not too bad :) 
Dammit George, you genius! 
Unless your new area isn't serviced by Virgin. In which case Virgin are complete dicks about it! Grr. (Not bitter, honest.)
United, Arsenal, Shitty, Spurs...then Liverpool about 9th and Chelsea scrape 17th... :D
Yeahhhh that's not how the British work though, is it. The Queen is the head of state and I think technically has some 'power' but its all run by the Government who we vote in. (Which takes 6weeks btw, not 18months)
Yeahhhh that's not how the British work though, is it. The Queen is the head of state and I think technically has some 'power' but its all run by the Government who we vote in. (Which takes 6weeks btw, not 18months)
I use [this bag from M&S](http://www.marksandspencer.com/leather-laptop-bag/p/p22285379?prevPage=plp). I specifically wanted something to replace my god-awful black nylon Fujitsu bag given to me by work, and also something that would fit both my laptop and my lunch as previously I was taking an extra bag for my lunch. The double zip seems to be really popular at the moment and the shoulder strap is decent quality and comfortable. 

Edit: I'm 25 and work in a professional environment (suit and sometimes tie)
Is this how Americans have to remove teeth because Healthcare is so expensive? My NHS dentist would remove baby teeth for free once they were already wobbly. Took 2secs and in a CLEAN, STERILISED environment. 
He's 20 these days :)
Football. Bloody hell.
Sloppy defending and not taking two (three?) glorious chances.
Only 46% possession. LVG will be livid.
Which is why LVG doesn't advocate attacking football for us....fuck
Nice bit of passion from LVG there! 
He can't defend, he can't watch his man and now he can't even hold the ball up when he's on the edge of their box. Fellaini off! 
Rooney would have buried that a few years ago. Selfless though, I'm very pleased! :) 
This!
In Brazil it is a Chevrolet Corsa - probably why he has one tbh. 
The traffic jam I sit in for my commute (in the UK) is because everyone is in a queue to go over a human-operated tollbridge which costs 5p (!!!) 
Sadly I don't think this will ever go away.
Thank fuck. 
Haha! Mata's face! 
Young has been excellent this season. Done everything that is asked of him, and did it very well. 
"That was very naive from Jackson if he was offside there. [Replay shows he was onside]. Well he should be more careful and be dancing along the line." He was literally doing what the commentator said he should try to do. SMH. 
/r/soccerstreams ... I have neither Sky or BT! 
We can only dream. When did we last score more than 3?
It's working for me now. 5mb/s connection and no lag in SD. Thanks.
Ahhh, TIL about our competition ;-) I knew we had the shortest magnets but didn't realise why that was a selling point.

For the cardiacs, we have new technology - I don't recall what it's called though I could look it up - where you don't need the patient to hold their breath to get the image. Pretty cool! 
We don't say the N word. It scares the customers.
This should be standard if its a Siemens machine. Also the newest ones have something like 90% less noise :) 
What's this machine which is open on the sides? There would be nowhere for the coils to go to create the magnetic field?
Or do you mean sides where I think ends?

Edit: Did some research and you mean Open MRI as in the ones which use permanent magnets, not superconducting magnets. The problem with these is that they are at 0.3T whereas closed are 1.5T or 3.0T, which provide much better imaging and likely a more accurate diagnosis. Source: Work for Siemens and we only manufacture closed systems (which are still open at each end :))
Yes but we aren't at our level
>Same as the reason I don't take a 90k job and stay in my current less stressful one. I have everything I need and don't have grand aspirations about fancy cars or big houses.    

This is only true if it is possible for you to achieve a 90k job right now. Thats about the top 2-3% of the UK earners I believe. So...unlikely :) 
/r/malefashionadvice 
Camel coloured roll neck from Burton. Tiny hole in the seam brought it down from £20 to £4.
Never worn it...wife hates it...dang shame
Woo, Gloucestershire represent!
This is the correct answer.
But throwing a clearly heavy parcel - which probably had a Warning:Breakable label on it - over a fence just sounds like something that would not happen. 
I'm going to call BS on this one. Never seen or heard anything like that happening in real life. 
Mata hits the crossbar*
..mute?
Got this for my 23 y/o wife this Christmas. I hope she is excited as you when she gets it :D 
You literally couldn't make this shit up.
I don't know but it pisses me off royally. "Ah, not for me, that one." Christ. Just call a spade a spade! 
It was a great save. 
Fuck me. 
The big man plays well when given the full 90 IMO
How do I get the music widget thing? 
Getting the same
Guessing Gold didn't sell well in Japan, then? 
Nice, I really like this! Can you post the background please?
Thank you. Glad someone else knows this. Prick.
Haha. 25!
It's okay, my wife genuinely asked me how old I was yesterday.. She's 23 and senile apparently.
As a Brit, I agree. WHAT THE FUCK.
Do they not have direct debits? 
Argh the screenshots thing is so annoying!! I am still using mine but seriously considering going for something else
Yes but because of his upbringing and poor bike handling skills that meant he couldn't develop until he was about to be fired /s 
Came to this thread after seeing that. What a goal! 
My wife is a part-time seamstress. She said she would charge £50 if  you were a friend or £80 if not. Obviously subject to looking at the suit etc :) 
Haha I don't think so! I played for about 10mins, really didn't use my phone much today :/ 
Pay as you go mobiles aren't necessarily linked to a bank account. If you bought the SIM from a corner shop with cash, then only pay for top ups with cash then can it be tracked? 
Oh, I did not know this existed. Thanks ! :) 
YES! So goddamn quiet. I was constantly turning the volume up and down, up and down.

Otherwise, he was excellent! 
I laughed. Upvoted.
That actually looks pretty nice. Granted its more expensive than Amazon equivalent but at least you know its made properly to the correct specs
Okay fair enough to some extent. But on the other hand, most people living in London dont need to run a car as the transport is so good
I think £2000 a year is WAY too much! When I was 19 I drove a 1999 Astra and I paid £1600 for that. I think you need to ring around a little, I think you could get that down to under £1000 with a bit of luck. Unless you have penalties on your licence in which case you might be paying about right. 
You pay £2400 for car insurance?? Get rid of that car..
When I was 23 (25 now) I shared a 1.4 206 with my wife and combined we paid £1400 for fully comp. Can I ask what you drive, how much you use it and who your insurance is with?
Edit: £20 a month on fuel sounds like you could survive without it to me! My fuel costs are £200 a month..

Hopefully none!
Sat here refreshing the tracking page. Driver is on Delivery #2 of the day. I am #6... 
Also worth considering - do they tell the customer up front this is what they are going to do? Never used Giff Gaff but they seem an honest bunch
I have just left Three but when I was in the US last year with my unlimited data plan I was such a smug bastard! :D 
Just ordered the 32gb Graphite from o2. Orders page went live today (I think). Arriving tomorrow before 10:30am. #GETHYPE
They er, did stop them. Boro scored 0 in 120 minutes. 
I've just tuned in but he looks like he's learnt nothing by being on the bench. Stop dribbling into defenders! 
Yeah me too
 Did you buy them like that or is it DIY?
I also thought this! I think its needs something a bit more obvious - 2nd hand clothing or a large family.. or a stupid toupee! 
Is there something that can do this without root? 
I need to go through actual o2 as I can get a 30% discount as well as the o2 refresh tariff.. I just need to be patient ;) 
How do I change that?
AAAHHHHHH o2 don't even have ordering open! Just a stupid 'register here for interest' page. Grrrr
Haha I know right! I'm awake at 7, by the time I get to work at half 8 I'm down to sub70%. By lunchtime it's sub 40%. Pretty sure it would die by 4pm if I didn't have it on charge at every given opportunity!  [Today's stats.](http://imgur.com/R1G7air)
You need to update your flair :) 
Lack of stock currently! :P 
Well o2 don't even have pre-orders yet soooo at least you are nearly there! 
That's definitely a before and during.. ;-) 
Congrats!
[And here's mine! Sigh...](http://imgur.com/za4NUxv) 
Just saw it on ITV. They didn't draw a line but I'd say marginally off 
DAE think that a whole minute to turn is unreasonable? Going to try now with my Nexus 5... 


Edit: My Nexus 5 booted in 41.5seconds. Admittedly it doesn't do the middle security bit but man, 76seconds is slow! 
Come on now, she has bucket loads of talent! 
Most of the time you won't need the power button though. And you really do get used to it being on the side.. and it has the little tactile feel to it so it should all be okay :) 
Oh, and the camera looks almost as good as the latest Samsungs. I don't think you will miss out :) 
Seconded. All round icons, looks very neat :)
A pay rise higher than the rate of inflation is unheard of I'd say. 2% a year is about right for Private sector lackeys. 
The worst thing, the VERY WORST THING about clickbait shit like that is that the PICTURES AREN'T EVEN FUCKING NUMBERED!!!
No the small one is Northern Ireland. 
Whyyyyyy 
Massive WiFi drain for me as well. Is there a fix?
Baconreader user checking in :)
That is an iphone? 
AWESOME!!!
I'm currently on the same Sim only deal but I lay £18 a month with no contract. Something to think about :)
He's especially good when a drilled ball low across the box is exactly what is needed. Every other crossing scenario...not so much.
>FIFA ~~rankings~~ are shit     
FTFY
Try NovaLauncher and you can add more icons to the dock and also have unlimited docks. I have 3 docks with 6 icons on each and a totally clear home screen :) 
My wife doesn't clear her notifications & it drives me crazy! 
Was this with a clean install? I upgraded last night and so far (12 hours in) it looks like the battery is as bad as ever. Charged to 100% before I left for work (8am). I've had 43mins of screen on time and I'm down at 70%. Phone is awake almost all the time still. [Imgur](http://imgur.com/P3zhzKy)
Absolutely the same boat! Leaning towards the 6P though for the superior screen & USB C.
Your point is absolutely spot on except 2005 was 10 years ago ;-) 
Yes but I can't get Refresh nor the 30% business discount :(
I reckon Z5 would be ideal for you. Haven't seen any proper reviews of music quality but Sony are usually pretty decent. It has digital noise cancellation software in I believe. 
I'm making the same kind of decision... Z5 or 6P. 6P has the superior screen, larger battery, almost as good camera, quicker updates...difficult choice! 
I think all flagship phones have a fingerprint scanner now, except maybe the LG G4. 
Xperia Z5 or Nexus 6P? Going for o2 contract in the UK. o2 look like they are only going to stock Black/Green Z5s and only Black (graphite?) 32gb 6Ps. 

And then you let it *slip*
Download failed for me... Multiple times :(
Nexus 5. Anyone else?
>I need my headphone jack on the bottom

That seems really specific, can I ask why?
I will be going with o2 when it's released. For 2 main reasons i) o2 is the only network which gives me signal at work and ii) o2 refresh sounds brilliant. 
o2 refresh means if you ever want to leave or upgrade your phone you only have to pay off the handset charge. So if you have 6 months remaining on a £40 per month contract, you only owe the handset cost, which is likely to be £120 as almost all their contracts for flagship models are £20 per month for the handset. This differs to everyone else, as with Three for example (who I am leaving) you'd have to pay 6x£40 (minus 3%) which is about £230. You can do the same thing and then upgrade to a new phone. 
Oh, and also they are giving me 30% discount on the tariff section as I work for one of the companies who o2 gives this discount to (2000+ companies). 
Waiting until the carriers have announced their full pricing I think they mean. For example o2 only have it as 'coming soon' no detail on price bands yet. 
"currently"   Pretty sure she won't grow further! 
Fair enough. I think I am okay with the size. The last year I have felt the N5 is a bit too small when using it for media consumption, though perhaps a larger phone would be annoying for general texting etc. 
The main thing that puts me off the Z5 is the 1080p screen. My wife just picked up the S6 Edge (sorry for supporting the gimmicks!) and the screen is gorgeous. Absolutely stunning. It looks fake it's that good. And if the 6P has the same screen, or close to it, then I would like that without having to buy direct from Samsung. 
If the 6P reviews are a bit meh, then I will go back to my Z5 conundrum. By which time the Premium will be about to launch and I might have to choose between the Z5 and the Z5P... ahhh what a time we live in!
I am pleased you're enjoying the Z5. I was very close to picking one up on the weekend, but convinced myself to wait a few more weeks to get better reviews of the 6P. If the camera is comparable then I think I would opt for the 6P for the better screen and USB C 'future proofing' aspects. Is there a main reason apart from camera you went for the Z5?
If you have a relative in the UK or visiting the UK they could pick you up one and bring it back with them? 
Or find someone in the UK who would buy it for you and ship it out. I am an internet stranger, but I would do it, for example. 
Yes absolutely. Drove me mad that he couldn't have listened to his own previous stuff before recording the next bit for consistency!
Also...Victarion as an Aussie. Oh my. 
Well none of those are available for 2-3 weeks minimum...
But at least it's now a Jonny Ive approved rainbow wheel!
Is this fact? (I don't believe you) 
I think he means 'goes full /r/android' as most here want the removable battery, micro SD, fingerprint scanner etc
Bit lazy, no?
/u/sper 
Har! 
6P or Z5 for me.
Brilliant vision and a great, great run. 
NP :-)
"Ghost." ;_; 
[Here you go](https://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/3mmkdv/spoilers_all_melisandre_was_resurrected_herself/) 
"I used to be self conscious about my height, but then I thought, fuck that, I'm Harry Potter."  
This is the same on Nova launcher. Is this new or has it always been that way and I didn't notice?
That sucks! And if you bought directly from Google or Moto (or Apple) would you have the same thing happen? For example handset plus sim only contract or PAYG