Amazing
Love this! So lucky to have a group of friends that you can hunt with AND hit the slopes with!
And under that one unnecessary second of admiring I’m stomped over by Nergigante.
Wait where is this...
perfect for iPhone X wallpaper 
Zelda BOTW....I’m not even past yiga clan
What did he/she do in his/her before life to deserve this..
Are you applying to grad school?
There.
That’s why he looks familiar!
How’s this relevant
Can’t believe this actually took me a minute...
What an amazing company. This moved me to tears. Their level of innovation is just unprecedented. 
Then where’s the falcon? ;)
Can you please submit to some website? I would love to buy this set...
Your name is on the card (although there’s several people with the same name when I tried to LinkedIn you...oops)
Still in stock? Wow. Good luck to all the scalpers out there..
When you said “saved up” I was thinking the exact opposite of what you did in 2017...
Wow yours shelf looks great! But living in the Bay Area I cant stop to think about the possibly of an earthquake striking all my LEGO down if I put on a narrow shelf like that...
Already got mine a few days before year end. But congrats to those who’ll be enjoying the excitement in the next few days as they await shipments!
What’s that set base off on the right?
And I was wondering why all these Slave I owners are hiding the plaque
Boba Fett on the side really compliments the Slave ship!
After seeing the millennium falcon box no other box looks huge to me lol..
Are these new?
Wow more pics please!
Link to that glass coffee table please?
Yes, 2k pieces more
this is perhaps one of the best MOCs I have seen for Ninjago
oh my I love it!!
So no one could eat on the dinner table for two days?
You have enough space to display 75192 :)
Thanks! And still jealous that you guys actually have a house.. If we bought a house here in SF we wouldn’t be able to afford any Christmas gifts anymore lol.
Lol I just meant that until I can be a strong shield and supporter for her, I won't tie her down. Anyways this is probably too dense for this subreddit...
She prolly doesn't want to wed me haha.. What I am able to offer is so much less than what I receive.
Thank you so for this information! How did you find out that your local store is getting 24 (wow...) on Friday? Also where are you located?
That 10% is an interesting figure, I did not know that! Is this from their financial reports?

Also no, because I only learnt that I could be getting this set as a present two days before Christmas. My girlfriend, who is the gift giver, obviously did not anticipate such a demand for this product so she just waltzed into a store and hoped to find one lol.
The Black Card and the fact that this was supposed to be a Christmas present are not keeping me still on the seat..
But still, let's face it, this is not a consumer technology product, which is why I compared it with iPhone. Apple requires new OEM for each new model released. The 75192 does not require new resources/factories/supplier/logistics etc. It's more of a resource allocation exercise, which adequate operations team can easily address.
Should have read that username..
Yes..a returning fan after seven year.
Is this intended as sarcasm?..
How much was this?
Christmas gifts? ;)
Man this is really a stretch. If someone has bought this for $5k, the chance of him ever need to sell this thing to make ends meet is darn low. Not impossible, but cmon.
Did I see this right? Isn’t this like $3k?...
But local stores restock way more frequently I think
Thanks! I’m a returning LEGO fan after 7 years or so.. was planning on getting the Death Star but moment I set foot into the store and saw the MF on display, I just couldn’t pick up the Death Star anymore. So I did minimum studying before today.

One last question - do you remember how often the LEGO website restocked the MF?
Thanks for your reply. I’m fine with waiting until Christmas is past. Just want to make sure I actually get my hands on one in the next week or so. I imagine demand will likely decrease a bit after Christmas?

So I guess since stores have been receiving stocks regularly, there’s no reason why LEGO would stop shipping them after Christmas right? Or discontinue anytime soon?

I’ve dealt with so much reselling bs up til now (Yeezys for one) that I will lose faith in this world if toy brands do this too...

Is this a “limited edition” at all?
Anyone have an estimate of when this will come up again? Based on previous restock intervals
Missed my first appointment. Never bothered to make another one. I’m constantly traveling, either for business or for leisure. And honestly this should never have happened to bother me with it.
Mine is like that. Except it’s still attached to a wire so the screen is kind of dangling. Super disappointed. My oldest iPod can still work, but the latest Apple gadgets aren’t designed to last more than 2 years now. What is this!
Really? They fly economy?
I want one
And you wonder how long it's gonna take them to update the much simpler gmat and hangout. Google, you really look ridiculous. On the verge of switching.
In terms of grip I think it’s good enough. To me the phone without the case is grippy already, so there’s your reference.

Drop protection - up to 2 feet is what I’ve read. I think it has the back pretty much covered unless you really slam it. For the front it’s better to put a screen protector.

But it’s a really pretty and thin case. It feels premium on your hands and looks like a $40 case. That’s what’s really important to me.
Trust me - being able to play Skyrim on bed, on train, on plane, in bathroom...you just never wanna go back. I foresee hundreds of hours on this game ahead of me.
Now it makes me wonder even more about how long does it take to update the freaking gmail and hangout???
Pitaka
Really. I find him full with the holiday spirit 
My OCD driving me crazy with a messy screen like this...
Please give me Skyrim 2 with this kind of gameplay...
Hahahaha
I probably won’t ever buy this game on a home console. This is a game that can easily make you invest 100+ hours. I need the ability to play it everywhere otherwise I’d just be glued on my sofa. Learnt it the hard way from my other gaming experiences.
Thank you! I aced my test today! Went to Gamestop right after and got a copy. Now off to Skyrim (and it’s my first Skyrim experience)
Air Jacket. It’s a bit on the pricier side (made in Japan) but it’s well worth the money. Got mine four days ago and very very satisfied.
Beats X win in every aspect. Sound quality is dope and you won’t need to worry about losing them. On top of that I’m a frequent air traveler, so noise reduction is a must, on that aspect AirPods lose big time.
I don’t get it. Is there a rimming scene in season 8 that’s leaked?...
I literally put it on the wireless charging pad for 5-10 minutes in between.
I find it funny that people keep saying iPhone X is the “future”. No guys, you’re not using a prototype or an iPhone X-S testing model. Your iPhone X is NOW.
Really why bother? The gesture on the X is so smooth and intuitive. I hope the home button never comes back. 

Also when I use my friends pre-X phones now I always swipe up to go to home screen.. then I Really realized how inconvenient it was having to click a button every time I want to go back.
It’s basically inventory clearance sale SMH Apple.
Nah... looks like Android..
I use the ones you listed too I was just frustrated. I still am.
That’s the main app I use with my S.O. Main reason being I’m able to chat during work without the screen looks too obvious like fb messenger.
I wanna live there 
I use hangout and coming from iPhone 7+ I feel like the phone has been a downgrade in terms of chatting experience. (I see what you did there Google)
And Hangout? And Gmail????
BOTW！
Can’t buy until I aced my test next Saturday...
Cmon google....gmap gmail and hangout still no movement. Seriously?
What case is that? Apple leather black?
No wonder...
Really don’t know what’s wrong with Goog. As if they’re doing this on purpose.
And Spotify devs. C’mon.
Seriously just update the map and hangout. Just these two!!
What charger is that?
I wonder how long will my X last. I hear so much on how OLED screens won’t last :/
Edit your photo by raising exposure. Then when you set the wallpaper it’ll dim to normal.
What case?
It must really not like the city of Omsk.
So I’m not the only one? I really miss my 7+...the screen is bigger while the size isn’t a dealbreaker for me. The battery life is better and no bug here and there. I do like the look of X though, as the bezels really annoy me on the plus.
How can you stand a 5s in 2017..Isn't it super slow?
But there’s no question mark box when I view it on my laptop. Hmmm
We’re you being sarcastic or you actually typed i and it auto corrected.
Works for me
I’m still seeing a question mark box in this comment. Does anyone else see this?
I realized I still have the “I” bug...
I just realized the truth could be the other way around... Google Map isn't updated so we are "forced" to use Apple Maps, Spotify isn't updated so we are "forced" to use Apple Music, and Outlook and Gmail so we use Mail, and Hangout isn't updated so we use iMessage.....Tell me I'm thinking too much, but I am seeing a pattern here. And this explains why some Google apps are updated while some aren't.


Now you said this, I just realized the truth could be the other way around... Google Map isn't updated so we are "forced" to use Apple Maps, Spotify isn't updated so we are "forced" to use Apple Music, and Outlook and Gmail so we use Mail, and Hangout isn't updated so we use iMessage.....Tell me I'm thinking too much, but I am seeing a pattern here.
I use it daily for work emails and it's driving me nuts. I'm reading less than what I could with my iPhone 7+.
Spotify and Gmail really threw me off. These two are so easy to optimize for a diff display ratio.
Why leave out Google Map, Gmail and Hangout (I guess I'm just really grumpy about this one).
What am I supposed to look at here?
What an idiot. Without China your state will vanish.
I’d be more fine with the ratio of this notch vs screen.
This iOS “I” bug cracks me up every time I see it
That’s great you got her a “just because” gift. She liked it a lot? Like more than if you got her jewelries? Lol
Which other phone has screen edge to edge from top to bottom?
Thank you :)
Nothing has changed from my previous usage with my iPhone 7+. All things equal.. which is why I’m starting to wonder if it’s my battery with this phone is defect?
She just said it looks fancy. She played around with my X for a bit and didn't seem to be too impressed. I'm wondering if a LV wallet will generate more satisfaction lol. Maybe this thread belongs to Relationships subreddit I'm beginning to think.....
But I don't know if clothes will make her happier or iPhone X (wish I can insert the laugh cry emoji here)... Has anyone here gotten an iPhone for his gf and gotten an adverse reaction to it? Like the girl would rather have gotten clothes?...
I wouldn’t say it’s the notch that separates the X from everything else. It’s the two ears beside the notch that extend the screen making iPhone X screen the most bezel-less screen.
or a pixel 2 lol. I'm beginning to love the notch because of this video
Because of this video, I now understood what people were saying about the two ears actually gained us screen real estate. If you black out the ears, it really doesn't look as bezel-less as it is right now.
How come my experience has been exactly the opposite? It went from 100% to 72% after a one hour train ride, and I did nothing but browsing webs. I came from an iPhone 7+ and usually it would be around 95-96% after my normal morning commute.
Is this early Christmas gift to yourself? ;)
Why are so many people down voting this comment. I don’t get it. I mean I change my phone every year but I’ve no doubt that my iPhone X can last me 2-3 years at least if I choose to.
But do you use it
I do agree they are super nice to hold. One thing I don't like is the bulk it adds..I think it's fine on an iPhone 6/7, but it looks big on an already big iPhone 6+/7+
That looks really good! Does it add weight and bulk to the phone?
iPhone X, sorry should have specified
Can I know what cover/case you are using on your iPhone X?
So my iPhone 5 was stolen and then I got a Note 3, and it got stolen too. My parents were angry so they gave me an old iPhone 4 to use. That was during the end of iPhone 5s era.

Gosh I was in so much pain. I was traveling between Asia Europe and NA during these few months. I heavily used my phone to take photos and edit photos. Every move took like 3-5 seconds to process. But believe or not I took some of my best shots. I needed to pause and think before I press on the shutter every time lol. Good times. Oh and the slow phone didn’t hinder me from making tons of new friends.

Now I graduated and have a full time job in silicone valley and can always get the latest and greatest gadgets. A phone is more like a necessity now than a novelty. Don’t know why I ranted on for so long but I guess I still miss the times when I was using my iPhone 4 and traveling around the world and had so much fun.
You’re not the only one
I wish...I really wish...
Yes please!!
And you’re in China?
If I haven’t had the 6 and the 7+, I would probably have chosen the 8+ over the X. The notch is still driving me crazy...I don’t know if I will ever get over it.
Meanwhile I’m just trying to get the backward assault going.
I’m one of those who buy game titles simply because they are big titles. So I’ve owned/tried plenty Mario games but was never hooked. This one..Damn I was hooked!
Wow Mario under my control looks almost disabled comparing to this....
Got my copy at the local Best Buy midnight launches (technically 9pm for us west coast)

Lemme just say this - I was NEVER addicted to ANY any Mario game, otherwise I’m a superstar Nintendo fan, love most of their other IPs. But this game..woo it blew my mind. In my opinion this is better than BotW but that’s just me. Can’t put it down yet because it’s so damn addictive...
I walked into Target early morning when they opened and grabbed my copy straight from the shipping box. I took a peek and saw there were at least 50 copies in each box. The Sales Rep didn’t even know it was Friday and was like it’s not released yet.
But I want to pick up tonight..
Also any other store doing midnight release? Game Stop and Toys r us aren’t showing any on their websites.
I’m starting to wonder if there’s something wrong with my switch, how come THREE joycons don’t work when detached? My characters either don’t respond or go off crazy directions. 
Now that the reviews are out... I think we are officially on the tip of the hype meter
Is this self discipline? Haha
Then I’ll skip on the coin.....
Go to Best Buy! Almost every location in my area is doing a late night opening at 9pm.
No one here is torn like me between Odyssey and Origins?...
I think most people have work on Friday..  :(
Oh no wonder.. my architecture friends all live at their studios..
What do you guys do if you don’t mind me asking? Sucks that you have to go in on weekends..
Did you get the console bundle?
Always feel sorry for the east coast folks when it comes to Apple pre-ordering events. But I guess now there’s Mario the 3 hours won’t be boring for you ;)
Don’t want to offend any fans here but I can play Fire Emblem Warriors with my feet.. so yea playing both simultaneously sounds viable
With so many things going on Friday I don’t think I will want to leave my couch...
GL
I did... even before this thread. and zero replies so far...
Anyone? Lol
oh ok thanks! Sorry new to here...
More details here
https://imgur.com/gallery/yKWy4
https://imgur.com/gallery/Mefni
Yes followers...
Glad to know I'm not the only one. That danger sign has just never disappeared for every single battle.
Okay thank you. I needed something like this to shut me up.
So ranked players > turf players? Maybe it's just me who doesn't understand cuz personally I just like the turf mode more because of the gameplay, the fight over one object/tower back and forth kinda bores me.
But losing this much? Also except for the 200p I got in one game cuz of a minor crisis, I'm usually #2 or #1 in most games at this Splatfest, meaning I'm not dragging the team down. So my teams are all bad? Only reason I can think of is most good players chose Team Flight this time.
My fun has always been in the killing rather than inking, I don't wanna give up on that. Otherwise yea I'd have chosen the Aerospray or the roller. I average ~8 kills per game in regular, and now I'm down to 3-5 per game cuz I'm so damn busy inking while splatting...Still, team flight is OP
Btw I'm level 16 with 20 hours played. Yea I'm not THAT good, but with Regular Battles it's NEVER been a negative Victory/Defeat ratio for me. Here at this Splatfest, I'm constantly facing a team flight 200p above our points. Seriously how's this fair? I don't play Splatoon that much now since last night, cuz I know I'm doomed for losing.
Hey you're paying for a $300 machine. And you're S8 is like $1000 after tax. Difference pretty obvious huh?
I'm so tired of hearing this Apple excuse. I work in a tech company that deals with Foxconn all the time (I'm actually not sure if Apple/Nintendo still uses Foxconn, just speaking for OEM in general), but hey OEM doesn't care if you are a public multi-billion dollar company or a private startup. It's the ops team's job to work with Foxconn to a good price and a fast as possible production schedule. Maybe it's the price, maybe it's their relationship a Foxconn idk. But it's Nintendo's operation incompetency that they have such drastic supply strain after 4 months since release.
I really hope Nintendo can put this supply strain to a stop. It's hurting the consumers and the Switch ecosystem as a whole.
I was fine yesterday but today just can't join a battle! Kept getting communication error. Any solution possible guys?
I was battling online w no issue at all yesterday. Today I've been trying 100 times while sitting next to my router, still can't join a battle.. Did a lot of people buy the game today or sry?
Yesterday I played on the third floor while router was on 2nd. Seamless. Right now I'm sitting next to the router and tried 100 times still getting error..is right now a particularly crowded time? So frustrating while everyone else is happily leveling up!
Been trying for the past 20 mins. Still getting a communication error has occurred?!
Is everyone else getting into the battle lobby just fine? (Splat2n). Mine keeps saying a communication error has occurred :(
Hi! I've been trying to use my splatoon amiibos on the switch, but they only give me one gear which is headset. Aren't they supposed to give me a full set of gears?

Is it cuz my online level is just 3 right now?

Thanks!
Anyone knows how come I only got 1 item (all headsets) from my splatoon 1 amiibo? Shouldn't they come in full set? I'm level 3 btw lol
1-2 switch. What a solid waste of $50.
Uhhhh haven't seen any yet
I only have five games. Zelda cuz it's a must, Mario Kart cuz it's awesome, Puyo Puyo Tetris and Just Dance because my gf loves them. All of these games my gf bought for me.

Only game I bought by myself is 1-2 switch because I was an idiot thinking it would be a fun game to play with friends (Made in Wario was my first NDS game and it was awesome integrating with the then all brand new touch screen experience). That's also the only game I Really regret spending $50 on.

Now.. I ALMOST got Arms. If I did, that would purely be because there's no other new games I could take with me to the upcoming trip to Europe. But I realized the game never interested me so I dropped the idea.
If only they actually tell me WHEN this is gonna be released I will purchase one!!
Nope. Mine account has this coupon in it but doesn't let me use towards this deal :/
Where did you see that? I'm looking at their instas but didn't see any videos on NS