Virus = very yes?!

Edit: I hope someone gets this 
Saw you post in the Seattle Cars & Coffee Facebook group lol. 
/r/me_irl
Robotics was my favorite class in engineering school and I wish I could take more of it!! 
They're always partnered though it seems. 
Every time I slept over at my ex's house and I ran downstairs for a class of water, his cat would be on the counter rubbing up against the cooking utensils, and she would jump off when she saw us. 
Let's launch over it! 
Sound like me with my ex
I don't know why but this reminded me of Banjo Kazooie. 
I would hide up in the highest part of the map in the corner and still get head-shotted through the window! I can't remember the map name, but there was a staircase that went outside and up to the highest room. 
My S8 will make it to about 3 PM before I need to throw it on the charger. That is unless I don't touch it all day. 
I am getting so sick of my Galaxy S8 only lasting for 2-3 hours of screen on time, I'm trying to jump to T-mobile but there aren't any phones that interest me at the moment. Might wait for the One Plus 6 or the HTC U12.

Either way, I am thinking maybe I should do the same and step down from owning flagships. I'd like to try a Moto device if they had headphone jacks! 
My internal network was blocked by itself at work once. I couldn't log an IT support ticket because the portal was blocked. 
Saw one today
Super long story, but my best friend was hiding me behind the back of his new boyfriend for two years. About a year in, I posted on Facebook on a day trip with him after spending the night at his house. His apparent boyfriend calls the next morning waking us up, furiously accusing us of being in an affair.

Seriously, what the fuck is wrong with some people. He still tells me he loves me... He sold his house and moved in with the guy two months ago. 
Better than posting on Facebook with your boyfriend of a year on a day trip and having HIS boyfriend call furiously accusing us of being in an affair.

That was a wonderful day. 
What
I carry a knife every day but it's not for safety. It's a tool. 
I always have internal pronunciations for faces, and "lol" has just become another word that doesn't necessarily mean I'm laughing. 
I'm gay asf and still pull away or shift when I touch one of my girl friends lol. 
Love The Dear Hunter! 
Happening in Seattle now too. 
/r/restofthefuckingowl
I managed to glance over the 318i bit. If I were you I'd go S5x then. If you're going to swap an engine you might as well spend a little more for a proper one! Or build up an M5x. 
Haha, this is from last picnic! Yes I'm in the PNW group on Facebook!! 
It's a song lyric
I could get classic tags for my BMW but that just means I'm irresponsible with my money. Lol 
I have two friends with 250k mile E46 M3s. They just need to be maintained properly. Of course, they've had some issues, but it's mostly just regular maintenance stuff. 
I'm a fan of the M20/M30 because I think the single cam engines sound way better, but I might turbo mine eventually. 
Oh hello :)

https://i.imgur.com/5LxUQYn.jpg
I have two BMWs and I'm 25. Paid cash for the 1988 325is 5 years ago, has 180k miles and sits in the garage most of the time. Owe $18k left on my 2011 335d that I've had for almost a year.

The rest of my money goes to maintenance/mods. Ugh. 
I'm the same way. I still can hardly handle The Office. Any movies with embarrassing scenes I just CAN'T handle. 
Surprised WA isn't higher. All of the aerospace industry is fucked due to metal supply issues. 
My ex would get offended when I brought up what was bothering me about our relationship and suggested us taking a break or stopping seeing each other any time I did so.

Found out he was hiding me behind the back of someone else for two years (I was there first), and when I told him he has to come clean, he refused to own up to his mistakes. 
Looks like Union Street in downtown Seattle. 
If it's true I hope it comes out on PC!
God that character made me so uncomfortable 
LOVED that game! Fable 3 was great too but the story and game mechanics were kinda disappointing.

Fable 1 just glitched for me and I got super old in like one day. 
I don't know why but that made it way harder for me. 
I've had what I believe tennis elbow before which is the reason I stopped climbing several years ago. Recently got back into it. Haven't been able to figure it out yet! 
Yeah until you try to ski/snowboard on it. Gross. 
I will probably get EK products, they're just so expensive! It'll be another $500 on top of my $1700 build just for cooling. Lol 
What about watercooling loop components?

Interested in the waterblock, reservoir, and coolant. I have the same case and I'm going for a similar look. 
Wow, that's pretty much exactly what I am going for with my build with the white and black. I haven't purchased any watercooling components yet because they're expensive as fuck and my temps are fine due to the open air design of the Thermaltake Core P3.

I might have to paint some of my components white. 
No, the last ditch was trying to anonymously expose to his new bf that he was hiding me. Lol. I felt like such an idiot. 
Complicated story but when I realized my ex was moving on to someone else I wrote a 6 page handwritten letter. Reading it was like drinking liquid pain. 
I never really used it anyways, but I just uninstalled snapchat. 
I know. The tubes often have formed ends that are not perfectly concentric to the tube bodies, so we have to probe the ends and set the coordinates up at the eccentric center of the end. Utilizes the Y axis a lot more than just running a straight tube. 
Possibly. I just unlocked my phone to check a text message and it said my phone would restart in a few seconds 
Mine just automatically triggered the update when unlocking it. Not sure why. 
Back has quite a few scratches, otherwise it's mostly unscathed. 

My issues are with software and battery. I can kill this battery twice in a day, and the software likes to hang a lot. Doesn't seem very well optimized at all.

Edit: after the Oreo update and wiping the cache partition, it seems to be quite a bit snappier! 
Tubes lol. Nothing crazy. On our Mori ZT1500s and Okuma LT3000s we do rod ends and clevises. 
Probably more than just wax, polishing too.
I totally understand those feelings and fuck they are so hard. All the time I see them together doing what I wished I could have done with him, building a life together while I've got nothing left.
That makes sense. For us we're just machining the ends of tubes and threading them with this machine, nothing crazy. 
That one is a Mori Seiki NZX2500.
5 axis is only really cool on a trunnion machine or one of those fancy Mazak Integrex type machines with the B axis milling/turning head.

Gantry machines are kinda boring. Lol. At least when matching large sweeping surfaces like at my first job. 
We've got a 3 turret but the third turret is not used, it was a last minute option the salespeople convinced us we needed. It just gets in the way. 
Hell yes. I loved my robotics class and wish I got to play with them more! 
Lol. I don't have any 5 axis machines to play with :(

Simultaneous 4 axis machining on both spindles is pretty cool too though. 
I'd prefer to think positively than to claim myself as broken but I'm definitely not there yet. Lol 
You should!

Wish I could film more at work, we've got some pretty fun twin turret twin spindle machines. 
After your first major breakup when you walk in to find your boyfriend's house completely empty because he's moving in with the guy he was hiding you from for two years, maybe. 
CNC videos are like porn to any engineer lol. 
I've gotten tonsillitis/colds/flu/something like 9 times in the last 3 months and the amount of doctors I've seen that have told me it's just a viral illness without running any tests is making me nervous...

The last month I've had tonsillitis twice, and a low grade sore throat the last week with no other symptoms but painful lymph nodes that have not gotten any better for two weeks.

Seeing a specialist next week. 
My ex his me behind the back of his new boyfriend for two years, moved in with him, sold his house, and used the money to buy a house in Palm Springs, all while resting his whole life on a lie. 
Needs more frying
My D only revs to 4800. 
I now have 20,000 nixie clocks. All I wanted was one for a friend's birthday! 
Western? 
This is a rough cut, but it's actually advantageous for the heat to be evacuated in the chip rather than into the tool or workpiece, and thermal shock is bad for ceramic inserts.
Everyone is saying this, but I stayed in a "relationship" way too long. He was my best friend and the love of my life. But I told him I wasn't ready to commit when he wanted me to, so he goes and starts something with someone else without telling me. I found out how serious they were getting when he was tagged in a post on Facebook at a house showing. 

I let it eat away at my soul as I continued to participate in this affair he was having for almost two years. Just a month ago I showed up at his house to find it completely empty without warning. A box of my things were on the porch. He moved in with the other guy and I lost everything.

I don't know why I loved someone so much that had the capacity to hide an entire life from someone, that had the ability to cause so much pain without feeling any remorse. He still calls me and texts me every day because he "wants me in his life" but each time is a reminder of all of the promises that he has broken, and every morning I wake up to the realization that I will never wake up next to my best friend ever again. 
This has started happening to me because I've gotten sick 7(!) times since November and I have stopped trying to make plans because I might run out of PTO otherwise.

Fucking annoying. I can't figure out why I keep getting sick.
Can confirm I have a second SSD in my laptop just for this purpose. 
That was superb as fuck. 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
/r/dontdeadopeninside
I've got some other games to try yes, haven't had a whole lot of time to try them out! 
Not the only game I play... 
Ahh, got it. Didn't know they made monitors though they're owned by Dell so it makes sense!

Wish my panel was 144hz or even 100hz, but it's so beautiful I can hardly complain. 
Has to do with the vertical field of view being reduced I think. I don't mind or notice really. 
I just started playing overwatch so I haven't really noticed, but if I find myself needing some more vertical FOV I'll switch back to 16:9. Currently just basking in the glory of 3440x1440 lol. 
My own personal build, Thermaltake Core P3 case, Gigabyte Aorus X370 Gaming K7, Gigabyte Gaming G1 GTX 1080, Ryzen 5 1600, etc. 
Monitor is a Dell U3415W, LED backlit IPS display. In the settings there's an aspect ratio option, need to set it to 21:9.
/r/holdmybeaker
He lives in the town I went to college in. Saw him several times at the local grocery store. When I had first moved there my friend and I saw him and about dropped all of our things, had to consult Google to see if he lived in the area. 
That's fucking awful, I would be so pissed! 
It is very illegal in my county but there's not a whole lot of power the tenants have without taking them to court or risking eviction.

They told us they would be happy to assist us in move out if we are unsatisfied. 
EVGA 650 B3.
Sounds like my landlords, won't pay $200 to fix the oven so we just have no oven.
This wasn't a job I got hired at, but shortly after getting my engineering degree I interviewed at a wood shop for a CNC programming position.

He walked me out onto the shop floor to show me the workstation that I would have been using and it looked like it hadn't been updated since the 90s. It was also covered in sawdust.

We then discussed pay, and he said the guy in this position previously had been making $20/hr after 11 years.

That's WAY under market value for a starting engineer in the Seattle area. I would've started off making more at Starbucks. 
Bought a riser. $7.95 on Amazon. It would be great to have a more elegant solution since this case is meant to be more of a show build case (water cooling in the future maybe, though the EKWB blocks are $$$$), but I'll just have a couple goofy antennae sticking out back. 
Ah, got it. I know, I'd love to go wired but there's no cable access in my office. My roommate probably wouldn't appreciate wires running through the house (rental, can't run new wiring). 
I'm not sure what M.2 Key E is! 
It was kind of a pain to set up but it looks cool as fuck!

One issue I didn't foresee is needing a second PCI riser cable for my network card. 
I got it on a combo deal with the motherboard on Newegg. It was MSRP ($639), not cheap, but I decided to splurge because I've never had anything capable of 60 fps.
/r/me_irl
Thank you :)

My thoughts are with you as well. I will stay strong! 
Just want you to know you're not alone, because today was horrible for me as well. But it's over now, and it'll be a new day soon. 
Thank you. Today fucking sucked, as have the last three weeks. And year. Having a hard time staying positive lately. 
Writing about me too. I have experienced way too much of that physical pain in my chest lately. 
A E S T H E T I C C
Still struggling to grasp the reality of last week, where I showed up at the love of my life's house to find it completely empty because he moved in with his new boyfriend that he's been hiding me from for the last two years. 
Yeah why is jerky so damn expensive? 
To be more clear, all of the issues have been fixed except for the washer drain pipe leaking and the oven.

I'm not "being a bitch," I'm paying good money for broken shit.
Thank you! I have been reading the Landlord-Tenant Act and I think if I notify them that we know our rights, it may convince them. 
My parents house is twice the size, the same age, and they paid half as much. 
Great advice for a guy just out of college with no savings in a city where the median home price is almost $800k! 
Yes
I'm extremely annoyed. 
Central Market in WA? Favorite place! 
Yep... "Our commitment is to safety, quality, and on-time delivery yet we're not going to replace the 4 engineers and 3 managers that just left, or hire enough machinists, or buy enough tools." 
I WANT A GOLDEN SO BAD. 
Helium Backup works great for me, even on a non-rooted device. It can save user data for most applications, though not all. 
Helium Backup works great for me. 
I never really realized I had ADHD until after I graduated college. Holy FUCK was it hard to find a job. I couldn't for the life of me even manage to read a whole job description, let alone focus on creating a cover letter or updated resume.

I graduated with an engineering degree, at the top of my class somehow. I really enjoyed my classes so I think it was easy for me to stay on track.

After college though, damn. No more structure in my life meant I did nothing for like a year and was miserable. 
There's a similar setup at Kinokuniya Book Store at Uwajimaya in Seattle, they've got tons of cool pens, papers, inks, and demo models. 
I've always had issues with the Spotify Android app, mostly the fact that the button on the right of each song in a playlist was so difficult to hit for the longest time, then they made it easier to hit, but they made the menu that pops up require scrolling to get to the "add to queue" or "view album" sections. SO infuriating. 
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
I'm so used to seeing the Olympics on the other side of the sound that I forget it's the ocean most of the time. 
This is what I'm wondering. Almost every time I played Spotify it would continue playing shuffle but I would lose control of the song and volume. Only way to get it to stop was to power off the chromecast. 
Should've kept my G4... 
My life the last two years could be a really fucked up movie. 
I was so emotionally invested that I couldn't get out. We couldn't talk about exclusivity because I knew what was going on. I knew he was seeing the other guy but I couldn't bring myself to leave.

Sorry I didn't mean to sound condescending in the previous reply. 
Kinda. But it was way more than friends with benefits. I had a key to his house long before he even met the other guy.

I had clothes in his closet, a toothbrush in the bathroom, we got together at least two to three times a week.

Have you ever been interrupted having sex with the love of your life to his phone ringing and his boyfriend on the other end?

Edit: Sorry. I didn't mean to be so brash.
Best snow I've ever had. I had to set back my bindings a bit because the nose of my snowboard kept digging down! 
Was this from last weekend? I was there on Friday and it was INSANE. 
I have a place of my own. I just moved in a couple of months ago so it really doesn't feel like a home yet. 
I completely agree, and I was too weak to do anything about it before it was too late. 
I've thought about this so much and the internal conflict in my head has been driving me crazy. I know he was cheating on him the entire time. I was there first (whatever difference that makes), but we weren't dating at the very beginning. 

I know I shouldn't have stuck around so long while he continually led two separate lives. Now he's asking me to continue being a part of his.
I'm glad you made it through it, it's good to hear stories that are inspiring. 
I fucking loved those games. 
I'm just at the point where I can afford to start building a new pc, then I looked at the prices and pretty much gave up.

Edit: just saw my flair and oh god... I built that machine in 2010 or 2011.
/r/flippyflaps
/r/NatureIsFuckingLit
After I had surgery and was in the hospital for 3 days with a catheter, the night I went home I got up to pee and a bunch of air bubbles came out. That was fucking weird. 
Fuck, I was planning on upgrading this year but I guess not. Not about to spend $1000 for a GTX 1070. 
Anything is a dildo if you try hard enough. 
I want this on my wall
"Honk Jesus honk if u saves if u love love Jesus Jesus Toyota Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus" 
Are those blue spots bioluminescent or just really vibrant? 
You just described Seattle exactly. It's happening everywhere apparently. 
Oh my god 
I've been snowboarding for over 10 years and as my skill level increases, my chance for major injuries also increases. I ride faster and harder, I fall less but when I do fall it's much more severe. I've always worn and always will wear a helmet. 
Or Seattle 
Yeezus
Infrared thermometers need to be calibrated for emissivity. 

Try pointing it at a shiny piece of metal vs a piece of black plastic. I got readings of 70 degrees F off of a xenon light projector housing, and immediately burnt my hands when grabbing it assuming it was safe to touch. The actual temperature was probably around 200 degrees F.
In my plastics processing class I learned that Teflon (PTFE, polytetrafluoroethylene) decomposes at something like 500 degrees F and produces hydrofluoric acid. Why the hell would people cook with that?! 
A
Commuting out of Seattle is fine.
Northbound traffic out of Shoreline in the morning is not too bad. Southbound in the afternoon isn't horrible, but slower than morning. Work right next to the Boeing facility.
Also because most pop music seems more like it's made solely for the purpose of making money and not for making art. A song doesn't need 8 writers and autotune.
Local arcade here has Zeke's Peak which is identical but "family friendly" lol. It is indeed aggravating but fun. 
Yeah, seriously fuck 2017. I lost both grandmothers, a close friend and former partner has been diagnosed with a rare bone cancer, my former best friend and love of my life was hiding me behind the back of someone else and asked me to be his best man at his wedding just as I was going to ask him to marry ME. 
I sat in the new Jaguars at the Seattle auto show this year and was really not impressed with the interior quality. The new Volvos were right next door and holy shit those were so nice! 
/r/bee_irl
The lights in my 2011 BMW move up and down with a sensor attached to the front control arm, measuring the articulation of the suspension and level of the car. When I take off from a stop they quickly move down a little bit. I don't think they're fast enough for potholes or bumps in the road.

They also turn when I turn the steering wheel, and an extra side light comes on as well. They're very cool. 
Wonderful.

My best friend just made his new relationship public with the guy that he's been hiding me from in an affair. 
Does anyone else just irrationally FUCKING hate the sound of leafblowers? My parents always would show up at like 8 am on a Friday off or Saturday, I swear just to wake me up early every time. They came on Thanksgiving. They come in the rain, they come in the snow.
Sometimes this isn't something we can help. I'm a guy, but have issues with rejection because of my childhood, first few relationships, and because of something that often accompanies ADHD called rejection sensitive dysphoria.

I read into little details WAY too deeply. I don't run away and play hard to get, but that constant validation is really comforting. 
CenturyLink fiber is in my neighborhood. 
Hmm, good to know. What was bad about it? I think I'm going to do the Comcast one. And buy my own modem. 
Pretty much every phone camera has some sort of weird beautify effect that softens lines and blurs out blemishes. It's so obvious it's bad.

This picture doesn't look like it. 
Zoloft made me more shaky. I well have trouble holding my head steady if I'm really anxious, moving it is really stuttery.

I don't have as much problem with this as I used to. Can't say I've changed much but started going to therapy. 
Needs more jpeg
Holy shit. I got to play with real robots in my Robotics class but for some reason this is so cool. 
Found the engineer! 
Speaking from personal experience, the 2009-2011 BMW 335d is kind of a nightmare.

The whole emissions system needs to be canned at about 60k miles, or longer if you're lucky. There's a complicated secondary catalytic reduction system that injects urea solution into the exhaust to reduce NOx emissions, as well as an exhaust gas recirculation that fills the intake up with carbon buildup, a diesel particulate filter that gets clogged, etc.

Mine had the whole suite of problems right before I bought it (from a friend). 

Popular in the community is to delete it all and tune the engine to make 400hp/600tq and still get 44mpg highway. Fun car after that! 
I stopped playing online games when I went to college and moved into the dorms. Made quick friends with so many people I had no reason to anymore. 
/r/natureisfuckinglit
RIP
Aka Tucker and Dale VS Evil
And this confirms my purchase of the LG V30 when it comes out... I need my headphone jack and expandable storage. 
LOVED my HTC 10. Most reliable phone I've ever had. Great screen, great camera, great design, great DAC, great Bluetooth, etc. 
My galaxy S8 has Bluetooth issues so tomorrow I'm calling for a warranty replacement. I can't use it in the car anymore. 
WA as well I believe. 
I used to work in hydrology. There's typically a cyclic change in river elevation that occurs because plants and vegetation absorb water during the day, which drops the level slightly.

Also it could just be a tidally affected zone (close to the ocean and depends on elevation). 
I swam at a little beach called Teddy Bear Cove near Bellingham, WA in the late summer bioluminescense and it was fucking incredible. 
And where is that? Most start around $65k around the Seattle area. Funny thing is that's hardly enough to live in Seattle. 
Yep, north Seattle. 
I had one during the standardized WASL testing. We had to stand on the field in the cold and rain for like 2 hours. Not fun. 
I never switched from using my .edu account with them but damn they figured out quick when I graduated. 
I would think something like frozen CO2 might work well, unless it evaporates too quickly to act as an abrasive. 
Woof! 
We've received an unusually small amount of rainfall in the PNW this summer. After the wettest winter ever recorded. 
No one dare... 
Yeah I program multi turret, multi spindle machines with 7+ axes that are much more capable, this is just really cool to watch. Lol 
I had pretty poor study habits and problems with procrastination, but I was really good at taking tests and math/science came easily for me. My habits improved throughout college. I never really struggled unless it was a subject I just really didn't care about, or a really poor teacher.

Graduated at the top of my engineering class last year.

Just recently got diagnosed with ADHD, I couldn't for the life of me focus on job applications. Now I understand why I had so much trouble with uninteresting topics and with completing homework assignments in middle and high school. 
Also the lighting doesn't change at all. If the door were truly closed that hallway would be a lot darker. 
I've seen Mtech 4 door cars but always thought that was an aftermarket reproduction! 
The 4 door looks like a normal e30, the 2 door has the Mtech 2 body kit as shown. They managed to get almost the same power output out of the 2 liter version of the S14 as the 2.3l, only 3 hp less. 
Ugh I want one! Saw a very clean example at the e30 picnic this year. 
I can look into it... I'm more thinking of commercial machines that can cut aluminum and various alloys of steels. 
AT&T requires calling in and getting a replacement shipped, but yeah I will likely do that. It's always a refurbished device too 😑
The M10 for sure. 
I have major fluidity issues with my S8 compared to my HTC 10. Home button lag, stuttering, random crashes, random shutdowns... 
I want HTC to step it up, because I loved my last two HTC phones. The HTC 10 I still use occasionally, my Galaxy S8 seems pretty stuttery and crashes way more often. 
I actually updated the multimedia software on my 2011 335d via USB the other day. 
Same. Lol. My friends always freak out if we're sitting on the same couch. I can't help it. 
Remember pencil spinning? Around the thumb. I still do it all the time, but when we were taking the WASL (standardized test in WA) when I was in 7th grade I was learning how to spin the pencil around my thumb. I must have dropped that thing 50 times during the test, and the teacher almost kicked me out. 
Yeah, I pace all around the damn house. Lol 
Shaking my legs. It's automatic. 
Avocados, oranges, and any type of melons do this to me. I'm not sure if it's truly oral allergy syndrome or if I'm actually just allergic to certain fruits. Usually not a bad reaction, just itchy lips and throat. 
Oh I know how to program and run them. I just can't afford it. Lol 
Shapeways can do metal 3D printing, using SLS printers. They have a variety of metals. 
I'm jealous, I would love a CNC at home!! 
Cool. I have been looking into the VMR V710 (who hasn't) 18x8.5 et35 front and 18x9.5 et33 rear. 235/40/r18 front and 265/35/r18 rear I believe. 

My dilemma is, do I buy tires now (definitely should) or do I wait until I can afford the wheels and tires together. Lol 
I'll do that, thank you! I am in the PNW BMW group and PNW E30 Group already. E30 weekend car. 
Mods: EGR delete, JBD tuning chip, downpipe with DPF delete, SCR delete, and stage 2 tune. Sitting somewhere around 300hp/500tq at the wheels. 

I'm looking for better fitting wheels (mine are curbed as hell), or maybe even just getting a couple sets of spacers and some fresher wheels so it sits more flush. I love the VMR V710 but I have no idea what offset would work properly. I'd like a set of all season tires, which are hard to come by in 19" fitment. 
I spent a lot of my free time (the little I had) just laying in bed doing nothing. I'd walk home from campus to make dinner, lay down for a bit, then drive and park behind the engineering building so I didn't have to walk far. Lol 
Could be WA too. 
Looks like it could be in the Cascades in WA too. 
Electrical discharge machining lol 
I've seen a few kind of like this for manufacturing engineering positions:

Entry level 

Must have 3-5 years of experience in medical device manufacturing in controlled environments

Must have 10 years of experience in CNC programming, EDM, manual machining, and welding

Must have experience in programming in C++, C#, Python, Java, etc.

Must have Chinese language skills
Saw a big TRUMP sticker on the back of a truck, right next to their name, number, and realty company. Good way to lose most of their business. 
Had Marble Blast on my school computer in middle/high school, some kids figured out how to bypass the parental controls. 
I live a couple miles from Sunset, I went to Highland Terrace. Grew up in Shoreline.. 
Highland Terrace in Shoreline did this too! 
I was on safety patrol purely for this reason
I've been there quite a few times! Lines get so damn long though. 
I'm so sad razor scooters didn't come back before I went to college because damn it would have made getting around, to, and from campus so much better 
I often think it would be awfully convenient if some sort of freak accident or allergic reaction or something happened. 
Love me some Seattle water! 
I've seen them in cheap multimeters. I bought one to try and diagnose a parasitic drain on my car battery, popped the fuse in the multimeter. My alternator failed and started drawing current, basically turned itself into a heater. 
I've always wondered how to take care of the porosity, I'll have to look into HIP post processing to check it out. 

Does the process alter the part dimensionally since it is reducing the amount of tiny open spaces in the metal structure? 
That salary life... 
I don't believe I've gotten that update yet!
I just made a guess, because I remember something about it from a psych 101 class like 5 years ago. 
Hemispatial neglect? Where they ignore all sensory inputs on one side due to a stroke, and forget to shave half their face. 
There's a waterfall kinda like this in my old college town, Bellingham, WA. Several kids have died because they've jumped in it and never surfaced. 
Shouldn't it be "you're never too important not to be nice to people?" 
That was what I noticed!
Yeah I started getting really stressed out about how fast they were driving because it was so realistic
Trust me I did, not much I don't care to share anymore. 
Took a crap ton of time, but it was fun. We used a 3D scan of a toy Zonda to build the wire frame. 
Nordstrom! I'm wearing it right now otherwise I'd look at the brand (forgot).

Edit: Ted Baker Endurance
Clearance rack. 
LOVED my surfacing class! http://imgur.com/hmkHUdn
And/or a lot of constraints and dimensions. Some of the pocketing I did on the racecar components was a nightmare, even with patterning tools. 
Hm, I won't be using CATIA as much as I'd like but I should look into hot keying my tools! 
I JUST got hired at my first job so probably not... Lol. The design engineers do the drafting here I believe. 
Lol! It's kind of a rare outside of aerospace and automotive isn't it? 
Hey, don't be mean!

I actually really like CATIA for a lot of functions, but the amount of steps and clicks required can be annoying. I just started using EdgeCam and I'm SERIOUSLY missing the CATIA machining workbench right now. 
Hm, interesting way to think of it. I definitely struggled with binary in my intro to automation class, haven't had to use it much after. 
Bases other than 10 hurt my brain :(
CAD package? CATIA, sketcher in the solid modeling workbench. 
Hey, manufacturing not mechanical! 
Who are you people?!

Edit: hey Zak. Lol 
I like the clicks to be close. 
LOL. Who are you?! 
Less mouse movements. I'm used to it. 

Edit: misunderstood, I have floating toolbars.

I'm not sure what you mean by floating workbenches! 
It's a love/hate relationship lol. 
The 9 graduations instead of 10 is a little weird though. 
/r/chargeyourphone
My life the last 6 months. 
Oh that's cool! 
The one time I took it I had pretty significant chest pain and almost went to the ER in the middle of the night. Not fun. 
This has been the big mistake I've been making lately. Stopped looking for work when I became so wrapped up in my own emotions over being betrayed by my best friend, who promised he would never let his new boyfriend come between our friendship, only for me to find that I'm a complete secret. 
I was on my 3rd one. Lol. First one bootlooped, second one had a giant green blotch in the camera, third one was okay but it did some weird things in phonecalls sometimes. Camera was fantastic, that's why I loved it. 
My last was an HTC 10 before that an LG G4. 

The HTC charges way faster and had noticeably better battery life I'd say, but maybe that's because I'm using this thing all the time because it's a new device and it is so gorgeous.

I hated TouchWiz but they've finally toned it back to where it was manageable for me. 

Loving pretty much everything about the phone so far except the charging speed and battery life! 
I've replaced the dash, seats, carpet, etc. Lol. Mine had a cracked dash and a water leak that ruined the carpet and rusted out the floor. The seats I found locally and could not pass up. 
Nice! I'm going for a little more OEM look but I'm definitely digging what you've got going on. http://imgur.com/V1YKc09
My old roommate has an identical car! Minus the front lip. 

Mystic blue? 
All my problems today seem to be coming from relationship issues so I'd literally have to drop it all because it would be illegal for another 13 years.

I could go straight into college instead of high school and become some sort of prodigy maybe. 
Lately I've been finding a lot of "Manufacturing Engineer" listings, and when I click on them it has literally nothing to do with manufacturing processes, machining, Robotics, automation, Lean, or anything. It's strictly software.

As a still searching recent MFGE graduate this frustrates the hell out of me. 

All of my job notifications come up with "senior engineer" and it's software. Not even close. 
Actually I'd prefer this to rain, because it would be pretty easy to get out of there. 
Yeah, that's what I've realized. 
I don't remember. Lol 
I always thought it was "keming" because of /r/keming.
Finished putting the brakes back together on the rear of my 5 lug swapped e30. Just installed a rear adjustable subframe, rear wheel bearings, drive axles, a wheel hub, differential seals, driveline, shift linkage, and powdercoated the trailing arms. 

This weekend I'll FINALLY have it back on the ground, headed straight for alignment to adjust the eccentric hardware on the trailing arms. 
Yessss
Oh god, 206 is my area code 
Well, maybe that's why I had diarrhea after an oven roasted chicken Subway sandwich. 
I'm not sure how to help because I've been dealing with similar issues, but I wanted to share my story to let you know that you are not alone. 

My best friend and I have been intimate for over a year. Sleeping together, cooking dinner for each other, going on dates. He started dating someone else when I told him I wasn't ready for something serious. My best friend promised our friendship would never change, and that his new boyfriend would have to "get used to us."

Eventually I fall in deep love with my best friend, but he's already with this guy. 

I found out recently that I've been a secret to his bf the whole time. My best friend lied to me, and has been lying to his bf. He told me he will not tell him in order not to ruin their relationship. Now I'm trying to figure out how to remove my best friend's emotional support from my life, because I cannot be with him. I had turned to him for all of my issues and anxiety for almost the last two years. 

I can no longer trust him when he says he loves me, or that our friendship will never change, or not to worry about it. 

I can't decide if it's worth it to tell his boyfriend, because it will ruin our friendship and likely ruin the chance of ever being together. 
How would I go about that? 
Hm, maybe I'll look into the camera. Something is wrecking my battery by keeping it awake always! 
If you were to make more I meant... 
There's some serious drainage happening lately, also my phone crashed in the middle of the night and restarted. 

Something seems to be keeping it awake all of the time, and today I was down to 30% after about 4 hours.

Other issues: GPS signal frequently gets lost, in call it my face always presses buttons, etc. I might do a system wipe to see if it helps. 
Awesome! I'd totally buy one of these if you were selling them (at a reasonable price lol) 
It's probably a combination of all three. Though my resume has received quite a few compliments. 

It's pretty difficult to find a perfect match for a manufacturing engineer, since it is such a broad scope. Many positions are more like managerial positions for production lines and Lean manufacturing, and others are more hands on with tool design, machining, etc. 
I have had 4 in person interviews. 2 were for jobs that would not have taken my career in the direction I wanted (old school weld shop and a furniture shop). Have had a few phone screenings as well. Also the number of applications was a gross estimate and it is probably much more than that. 

Thank you! I have had contact with my professors. They recommended me for one job, and I was approached by the company and the first thing they said is "Jeff said you're awesome!"

I will be talking to them some more. 
I've had many complements on my resume from recruiters actually! And from other people I have had look at it. It's true I am not perfectly tailoring it to each job, I need to remember to work on that. Also my address is not on my resume. 

Company didn't have the budget to hire me full time. 
Love it! Saw one for sale in Seattle a few months ago that I really wanted. 
What the hell does it take to get noticed?

I have a Manufacturing Engineering degree with 5 years of Formula SAE suspension design and CNC machining experience, as well as a year long aerospace composites manufacturing internship, a 3.7 GPA, Outstanding Graduate Award (my teachers REALLY liked me), Certified Manufacturing Technologist... 

I have had in total 4 interviews with over 50 applications. Blue Origin and SpaceX noticed me, but hardly anyone else. It has been 8 months since graduation and I still can't find anything.
I'd definitely be interested in this as well.
So is WA! Glad to live here. 
Still want a V70R 6 speed. Dat turbo 5 noise. 
I want your old case! Or is there a reason you're getting rid of it? 
If it was salt water, you can't save it. The salt corrodes the delicate internal connections. 
Not the same habit, but before I could comprehend what I was doing, I started 'banging' (as my mom called it, repeatedly lifting my head and letting it fall) my head on my pillow when I went to sleep. I did it from when I was like ~3 years old to when I was probably 13 or 14. 

Several of my mom's siblings did the same thing when they were young children. 

I have also been biting my nails and picking ever since I can remember. 
Way worse. Ugh 
I'm thinking of ordering a Monteverde Invincia Deluxe (black chrome) and a couple of extra nibs for my best friend's birthday. 

Debating between that and the Pilot Vanishing Point. 
The 335d is pretty incredible as well. My best friend has a 2011 US spec e90 335d with a couple of performance mods (JBD tuner, EGR delete, some sort of swirl flap removed) and it's neck and neck with a stock e46 M3. 
I'm not sure, I've never tried hiding the notification bar. 
The pictures actually end up in the "Camera"  folder, because for some reason photos doesn't back up "100MEDIA" by itself where all of my camera photos are stored, it polls a bunch of pictures from other locations as well and puts them all in "Camera" which isn't an actual folder that exists in my phone. 
Seattle is getting pretty close to that. Need to go ANYWHERE between 7-10 am and 3-7 pm? Better give yourself an extra hour. 
Luckyy~~
I'm by no means a new user to Android, but wondering if any of you might have insight into this. 

Deleting photos from the main page of Google Photos but NOT from your device. 

Any time I download a picture from Facebook (a meme, profile pic, etc) it ends up in my camera roll, as if I had taken the photo myself. I can't figure out how to get these photos OUT of my online Google photos backup without deleting the device copy. 
Yay maintenance costs. 

I drive an older BMW so the bulk of my costs are restoration items. 

I purchased the car with a bunch of inherited problems from the first owner who was a "home mechanic". Bad idea. Mismatched metric/standard hardware everywhere, rust, botch alarm wiring job, cut wires, loose fasteners, frozen u joints, etc. 

Luckily I enjoy working on cars and doing it right. 
I actually learned how to type because of Runescape... 

Now all of my friends are impressed at my 110+ wpm speed. 
Sorry whoever was after me. Lol 
Yeah, that's what I saw. Lol 
I struggle with this with one of my closest friends, it's been really hard to connect with him lately because he's been struggling with his own issues. 

It sucks because just as I was confident in my feelings about him (interested in dating) he pulled away. 

Last year a similar thing happened, where he wouldn't tell me what was going on with himself, ignored my text messages, and when I was facing a possible cancer diagnosis and I reached out to him it didn't change. 
I tried downloading Greenify but since I'm not rooted it made me turn off some of my security features which was annoying. Also I couldn't Greenify Facebook which is my biggest battery drain! 
I had a roommate that was allergic to tree nuts, peanuts, wheat, and dairy. He basically ate eggs and popcorn.
One of my best friends. His parents walked in on him with another guy. They confiscated his laptop, his phone, and permanently grounded him until high school was over. 

They searched his laptop and phone, found some incredibly embarrassing fanfictions that were written jokingly. 

He couldn't be away from home for any other reason than for school. 
Damn! I'm jealous of that. 

Spotify and Facebook are the biggest apps at 6% and 5%. I've been trying out Facebook alternative apps, but their user interfaces usually can't compare. Biggest drain is the screen at 33%, followed by Android system at 18%, Android OS at 13%, and phone idle at 8%.

These numbers are from today. 
Problem is it's usually illegal to sell things made with equipment or out of materials that are school property, because it's not your own property. 

That isn't to say that it doesn't happen, because it totally does. People at my school used to do it. 
Bought a clutch slave cylinder for my BMW. Guess that won't fit anymore. 
I have it set about halfway on auto brightness.
Mine doesn't say either. 
We don't really get that much snow unless it's in the mountains. 
That was probably the best thing I've ever seen 
Yep, the first one is definitely the hardest. 

I'd say don't attempt anything too ambitious for the first few builds, like a full carbon monocoque chassis or turbocharged motor, or electric powertrain. Probably stick to a steel tube frame with a double A arm suspension.

My team ended up not finishing two cars because we just didn't have the resources (personnel and financial). Electric powertrains are expensive lol. Not enough EE guys wanted to help. 


Try a dry soda. They sell them at my local market. One bottle is like 12 grams of sugar instead of like 40.
If "angry cats" is a term for asphalt in disrepair filled with potholes, you're not wrong! 
I often would ask teachers about more specific questions on manufacturing processes, and my school actually has a Vehicle Design program so I could approach that department for help on certain issues. Otherwise, alumni, company sponsors, and other Formula SAE teams were good resources for us. Also, automotive components from street cars are good places to look for inspiration.

Race Car Vehicle Dynamics is the suspension book I used, the Carroll Smith books (Prepare to Win, Tune To Win, etc.) were good for some general advice but honestly didn't help much lol. 

I based a lot of my design on inspiration from previous generation hardware, and improved upon those components to rectify issues that we had encountered. Iterative design, in other words. 

It started with defining the vehicle wide goals and functional requirements, functional requirements of each subsystem, the system wide goals, and then the functional requirements of each individual component. Conceptual ideas were rated based on multiple factors in a decision matrix and the best possible candidates were chosen based on manufacturability, cost, weight, performance of intended function, etc. 

Then I moved onto CAD work, where again a lot of my inspiration came from previous generation FSAE cars that my school had built. 
I actually hate the smell of fresh cut grass, because I'm super allergic to grass pollen.
I can do that, but almost all of them are working at SpaceX or Tesla, yet I'm trying to stay in Seattle. 
I do have a blog with all of my projects. Formula SAE design and manufacturing, as well as class manufacturing projects, and my personal BMW restoration project. 

I've applied to ~40 jobs, the problem is that I'm not finding anything exciting. I'm a manufacturing engineer, and they either end up managing production workers and becoming paperwork zombies, or designing production processes/machining/tool design, the latter which I'm more excited about. 
Oh weird. Didn't know there were multiple, I'll look. I have an unlocked one. 

Edit: the original one I was using, under Themes, doesn't work. I tried the one you posted. Works fine. http://imgur.com/J5lGKpW
3.7 GPA here, former lead suspension engineer and CNC machinist for the Formula SAE team and I've only had one interview in 6 months. 😐

Apparently I'm doing something wrong. 
Looks like potato chips 
Which sense clock is that? It's not the pre-installed one. 
I drive my friend's all the time. I want one really bad...

JBD tuner and EGR delete = 285 hp, 450 lb ft at the wheels and 44 mpg on the highway at 70+. Magic!
Yeah the 335d died with the e90, at least in the US. 

We only get the 2.0 diesel in the 328d.
Thank you! 
I get really dark blues confused with really dark purples sometimes. Also in really low lighting, green and red can get mixed up. 
Hmm. I'd say you might need to try a final polish step, like M205. 
Gloss Coat. That's what I didn't understand, was that one of them is a profession only product. Got it now! 
I'm not a professional by any means, but when I buy my own polisher I'll probably get something like that. 
I had Aquapel installed on my brand new windshield when I had it replaced. It lasted about 6 months through the Pacific Northwest winter while parked outside under trees.
Did you use a dual action polisher? Foam or microfiber pads?

Sometimes the swirls are so deep, you just need to polish several times to cut through them all. My friend's 335d I worked on took literally three 8 hour days to finish. I did 4 passes per panel, wiped off the residue, and did that once or twice more on the same panel to cut through all the scratches. I was using a Griots DA polisher at speed 5-6.

Oddly enough, Meguiars M105 didn't leave any compound hazing whatsoever and I didn't need to use M205 as a final polish at all. 

Also, those big splotches may not be able to be polished out, typically those are from bird poop that eats through the clear coat and destroys the paint underneath. 
So Optimum Opti Seal is like an easy version of Optimum Gloss Coat? 

I've had some trouble discerning between the Optimum products. I've got a syringe of Gloss Coat waiting to be applied after final polish. I thought I had a syringe of Opti Coat, but I guess they're different? 
Also, the tea bags that they use wick your drink out of the cups which is super annoying. Dat capillary action. 
Hella 👏 lit 👏 af 👌👌👌👍🔥🔥💯💯
WA is about to increase the minimum wage to 13.50 I believe. 
I know the late 2000s BMW inline sixes had a sequential type of Turbo setup. The later ones usually have a single twin scroll turbocharger, the workings I'm not super familiar with. 

A friend of mine has a 2011 335d with the M57D30T2 engine. 3 liters, two turbos, almost no lag, and holy torque. 

It has a JBD tuning chip and an EGR delete that gets him 285 HP and 450 lb ft *at the wheels.* He also gets 45 MPG on the highway. Magic I tell you. 

It's about as fast as an E46 M3 (raced on the highway) but it weighs ~500lb more. 
I said come on, fhqwhgads... 
Went to the HTC store, all HTC 10s are on sale right now for $150 off. 
Reminds me of /r/UNBGBBIIVCHIDCTIICBG
I know! Haha. 

My best friend just bought a BMW 325ix wagon, imported from Germany, and we want to test out the AWD system! 
Same for me! I had a bit of strange eye chemistry for awhile that made wearing contacts impossible for about a month a couple years ago, so I found out then. 
I meant in the lowlands, usually it gets frosty here in late October! 
Most of the newer engines have small compressors at the center, and then the fan blades are massive in diameter. It increases the efficiency of the engine. If you look inside them, they're mostly empty space. 
I sincerely don't understand. 
I've been told by some of my engineering professors that airplanes only have a factor of safety of 1.5. As opposed to overhead lifting cranes, which have a factor of safety of 10. 

ELI5 on factor of safety: a crane rated at 2,000 pounds with a factor of safety of 10 will technically fail at 20,000 pounds in ideal conditions. 

Factor of safety is a way to deal with the non ideal conditions of most engineering materials. Perfectly ideal 7075-T6 aluminum should yield at around 500 Megapascals of tensile stress, but there are often small cracks and inclusions in the material that lower this limit. 
So it's super warm there too? Not even a sign of frost yet in WA. 
Strange. Maybe the brand, type, size, etc. all have a factor. And individual eye chemistry. Idk
LPT: Contact lenses prevent onion crying! 

Source: I wear contacts and I don't cry when cutting onions. Unless I'm wearing my glasses only. 
Found about Justice from a Cadillac commercial. I believe the song was "Genesis."
Lol. Yeah it's getting increasingly difficult. 
Cascadia would be amazing. 
Yeah, good luck surviving on anything under $60k/year in the city. 
He did a lot of organ building and maintenance back in the day. 
LOL. 

Seattle ish area. He took out a home equity loan for it. He wants to name the car "bathroom remodel". 
This one doesn't! 
Yep. I told him it would be extra hard to find parts. Lol 
Nope, I wish though! White car is mine. 

We found it through word of mouth. No Craigslist ads. 
Also no clutch pedal. 
In King County (Seattle Metro area) they all closed, permanently. King County banned trans fats from restaurants and Dairy Queen refused to change their menu. 

The store near me closed for "plumbing renovations" and shortly after became a haven for homeless people and edgy teenagers. 
Idk I don't see it. 
I have a 6 year old MacBook Pro 15" model and I still use it every day. The discrete graphics card is dying, but I just have a widget to keep it on integrated only. 

They actually extended the warranty for free on my computer for it but I only found out like a month after that... 
Love Joywave! Their new album is interesting though, basically one giant song. 😕
Damn apparently I'm not alone in this! When I worked at 7:00 every morning last summer I would get home from work at about 4:00, pass out for an hour, and then stay up way too late for my wake up time of 5:30.

I'm not really sure how to fix this, I've always hated getting up early and since I've been graduated and looking for work I get up around 9:30-10:00 and anything before that is much too early. 
I bought a Surface Book for note taking my senior year of college. Actually helped me stay a lot more organized and damn my robotics notes looked good! 
Hmm so around 2 kbar you can bring water below 0 degrees C and it will remain liquid. 

Phase diagrams are always interesting, especially because many of these conditions don't exist in everyday situations. 
It's the eeeemail. 
I still keep my keys on a lanyard. I've NEVER lost them. 
As a manufacturing engineer How It's Made is pure pornography. 
Oh but they're so good... 
Um, masturbation... Specifically with the hands. Yes SEX is fun with other people, but I know how to work it out best when I'm just on my own. 

Get your death grip off my cock!
I knew almost immediately that this had to be in the PNW, everyone is freaking out about this "mega storm" that's not really any stronger than many storms we've had in the past. 
Hey an e30! 
Hawthorne Stereo on Roosevelt! They've got some great gear. 

It's where I got my speakers before they were discontinued. They sell new and lots of used stuff, including new Naim and other high end gear. 
Lol. Yeah it was kind of a nightmare. 

Looking forward to pulling my rear subframe for my camber adjustment mod and then rebuilding my limited slip while it's out of there. 😑
Last year I tackled the brakes on my 1988 BMW 325is. One of the calipers was sticking and getting really hot, causing a minor wheel wobble. It should have been easy, but my car has a pieced together 5 lug suspension conversion. Front: 1996 BMW E36 M3, rear: 1996 BMW Z3 1.9l. 

Fronts went smoothly. Rear, I ordered all Z3 brake components and discovered that one of my rear wheel hubs is from a 318ti instead. Their suspensions are identical, except the hub is 5mm shorter. Ensue loud grinding and extreme heat (before discovering this fact). 

So I reordered the rear components assuming I put it together incorrectly. Wrong. Still didn't fit. Reordered again with the correct components after a large amount of research to discover that important minute detail, the 318ti hub. 

At this point it's been several months, I put the brakes FINALLY back together, and drive down the street. All good, and then my fucking ECU dies. No spark. Towed to a shop for that diagnosis and bought a used one for $50.

Fast forward a few months, the original problem I intended to resolve by replacing my brakes returns, so severely that I cannot drive the car for longer than 30 minutes without the front right brake overheating. So this time I have to order caliper pistons and fully rebuild the calipers. All goes well in the front, the problem goes away finally. Rear, there was a part number mismatch on Pelican Parts and I got the wrong hydraulic seals for the calipers. Eventually got the right ones and it's all back together. 
What is it being used for? Is there a large amount of axial load that the bearing will experience? 

It all depends on what loads the system is going to encounter. If the axial load is all in the direction against the shoulder then I assume it would be fine just as is. But then you need to consider the type of bearing, as certain types work better under different loading conditions. 

There are also several different classes of interference fits you need to choose from. Is it a locational interference fit or is it one that will transmit torque? (I'm assuming not the latter because bearing...) 
I fell in love with the design of the ATC SCM7 at a local audiophile shop in Seattle like just last week. Funny to see them here now. 
Were you at the E30 picnic this year? I remember seeing a similar car.

Judging from the amount of evergreens in that pic I'd guess it's in the PNW...
Good to know I'm not the only one! I seriously thought something was wrong. 
Idk about *comfortable* in a Lamborghini but I get your drift. 
I found out private servers are a thing and my friends and I made one with Hamachi or something like that. Then we just started sending each other to jail and spawning Zakum in towns. 
https://youtu.be/OdXry79EifM
Rev match downshifting would probably help. 
Nice! I sent mine to Garagistic to get refurbished. Waiting on return shipping. 
I hate the new trend for everyone to steal other videos. Even worse with the damn emojis.
Fucking every question I get is this one. I'm so sick of it. 
Fucking every Instagram comment ever. 
I bought one after it launched and it started boot looping after a couple months. My friend's did the same. 

My second device had the giant green blotch in the camera. 

Third device started dropping calls and the mic would cut out. I finally got fed up when I couldn't make it until about 3 PM without a dead battery. The screen was always so dim because it would die so fast. 

I miss the fantastic camera, but I do not miss LG's weird skin on Android. I'm using an HTC 10 now that has near stock Android, and I like the software experience much more. 
Best is in front of Lambeau Field where the houses literally have the Packers G logo built into their houses. 
More like: Bdakdheuejsitiiskdncbenskdidbfbejdidjrbr *lifestyle*. 

Ah, classic. 
Yay gyroscopic precession!
Kid at my high school had all the standard fare. Heavy eyeliner, extremely tight black jeans, turtle shell backpack, tight black sweaters, ridiculously vertical hair, etc. 

It got interesting when he literally started nailing pieces of 2x4 to his boots to make the tallest platform shoes I've ever seen, adding another piece each day for about a week. He was stumbling through the hallway barely on his feet because he had 8 inches of wooden boot underneath his feet. 
Just dynamat under the rear seat helped that much? 
I'm using ABS. I'm definitely concerned about it... I tried taking measurements earlier today but apparently cheap infrared thermometers can't measure lustrous materials, so I ended up burning myself. Lol. 

I'm assuming the temperature of the projector housing didn't exceed 160 degrees F because I didn't severely burn myself. That should be within the service temperature of ABS. 
Hey, maybe he lives in Washington. 
Heart It Races - Dr. Dog
A friend of a friend got bitten by a brown recluse, and when he went to the ER they assumed he just had the flu or something. 

I think a day later he returned and after running some tests they airlifted him to Harborview in Seattle, amputated both legs, and performed open heart surgery. 

After a couple of weeks doctors noticed that a stitch was missed during the heart surgery and a bubble formed that had to be removed. It burst during the second operation and he died.
What alloy of aluminum is it? There's some that just really don't like being machined, the ones that aren't hard enough for proper chip formation. 
I'm going to pull apart the headlights in my 1988 BMW, design and 3D print an adaptor, and install a set of modern bi-xenon headlights so that I can *actually* see at night. All because a guy who actually started a business making these adaptors disappeared and isn't filling orders... 
What brand/model?
Damn, this sounds perfect for me. I have a manufacturing engineering degree, and it would be awesome to be able to use my design experience as well as my manufacturing and experience in the same place. 
I wonder how/when they will ever figure out that I'm not a student anymore... 
Helium backup, it ACTUALLY works without root unlike every other backup app I've tried. It saves the app data (and the app if you want) and then you can download the app on a new device and put in place your old app data. 

I would use titanium backup, but I haven't gotten around to rooting my HTC 10. 
Are you bearded_miata on Instagram? Woof ;)
I have a couple of textbooks that are still in the wrappers. I could probably sell most of my books and have enough to build a new PC... 
The problem with a 45 degree chamfer tool is that it's REALLY hard to get them aligned properly. I had a nightmare of a time getting my chamfers correct because the tips of a sharp chamfer mill like to chip, and even just a couple thousandths off on the height offset can ruin the chamfer. 

Though, this is on precision aluminum racecar components so... I think it'll probably work fine for what you're doing. Just be careful when measuring the height offset and programming the tool path. 
Actually that flair is from when I sold my OPO lol. It's been a couple years since I posted here, the sub has changed a bit. 
I bad one bootloop, one have the giant green blotch in the camera, and one start dropping calls. Gave up and bought an HTC 10.
I'm really scared about this. I just graduated with my engineering degree and I don't even know where the hell to live because I won't even be able to afford it. 
VW/Audi/Porsche all took a really long time for it to get integrated. The 2008 A4 I think doesn't even have an aux input, just a really outdated SD card slot that can only handle FAT. 
My 06 Accord doesn't have it. I had to buy an adapter, which has Bluetooth as well. Best $130 I've spent in awhile. 
Is it the one without navigation? I know the nav ones have it. 
Uh, my friends 2011 335d has Bluetooth for music. 
Just get a tortoise! 
Hah! What county is Lakewood/Tacoma in though?
Yeah it's Nova Prime
So are there any browses other than Chrome that DON'T track you? You've listed all of the ones I've tried. The only one that doesn't suck so far is UC browser. 
That's just a reminder notification 
I just noticed I have some pretty good color coordination going on, lol. 

Here's where I got the wallpaper:

http://m.imgur.com/a/5t2w0
Not yet, I've only had it for a day lol 
I love F31 wagons! 
It looks kinda like Thunder Creek which feeds into Diablo Lake in Northern WA. 

The water looks similarly turquoise and the trees look to be evergreens. 
It just sounds bad to me. I like a flat unaltered EQ, and it just boosts a bunch of bass and treble and makes it sound like it's in a slightly echoy room. Not my style. 
I thought I'd miss the 5.5 inch screen, but I don't at all. The capacitive buttons give a bit of extra screen real estate and it's a lot easier to hold. 
Yeah I remember reading that somewhere. Whatever they did it feels awesome! 
This reminds me of an incredibly frustrating conversation I had with someone about perpetual motion machines which resulted in him saying that the earth spins because of the core, and that the sun is magnets. 
Good luck! I'm not sure which part of the PNW, but it's all gorgeous. If it's in the Seattle area you can pm me for location advice and I can do my best. 
Yes.. 
Well, time to break out the PS2. 
It was a special run just for MassDrop
I'm the same way. 
RemindMe! 12 hours
It's actually not the best CAM software out there (tool path optimization is pretty awful) but it can do some cool stuff! 

Also it requires a post processor tailored to the specific suite of machines you use, and I'm not even sure how to go about getting one, lol. My teachers found a poorly designed one and tweaked it a bit. 
We use CATIA because of our proximity to the Boeing headquarters. It's extremely powerful and can do what seems like literally anything (multi-axis machining, solid modeling, surface modeling, composites design, sheet metal, casting, welding, kinematics, assemblies, ergonomics, FEA, assembly FEA, etc). 

Problem is that it's very tedious and pretty difficult to learn, also the student version is only free during a couple weeks before the fall quarter/semester. Otherwise it's $100 a year. 
You might want to get that checked out...
I actually ended up buying him this bow, the Prodigy. He was playing on a $40 wooden bow he got in 8th grade 40 years ago. Quite the upgrade... 

His instrument is over 100 years old and was rebuilt in 1901. The reason it's missing the bridge and tuning pegs is because someone broke into his house and tossed it across the room in the case. 
Also, dat 5 cyl noise.
That happened to me on a mechanics of materials test I took a couple years ago. Got 102% because the teacher curved it by 3 points.
I regrettably didn't know that Vermont was on the Canadian border... For some reason I thought it was farther south. 😕
The bridge and tuning pegs are in the case. I actually think those strings in the pictures might be brand new. They look very clean. If those are definitely Obligatos, then they're much more expensive than the ones I was going to get.
The bridge and both missing tuning pegs are in the case. It hasn't been played in a long time.

It's not necessarily failing, one of his bows definitely needs to be rehaired. 

"You won't find a decent bow for much less than $500." I highly doubt that. I've bought $20 alto sax mouthpieces that were fantastic until they chipped. This was compared to my $150 mouthpiece.

I have found that the Fiddlerman probably isn't a good choice. I think I'll forego buying new strings and get a more expensive bow instead.
I kinda like that a lot...
Himbox HB01 fits perfectly, I shoved the wires underneath the center console plastic next to the passenger seat. 

Don't mind the BMW lanyard, my other car is one :) 
Yes, but the water probably isn't very warm. I live here. It's generally like Seattle/Vancouver BC weather.
Bellingham checking in!
TJ's almond milk is awesome! Really creamy and good in teas. 
Here's another picture: http://imgur.com/YSeMced
It is! 
The way it lines up with the pixel matrix on LCD screens definitely does some funky stuff. 
Yeah. The only fix really is to replace the phone. 
It's actually a common issue. It's always in the same spot for this phone. 
It happens in every photo in high light conditions. 
Yeah. Replacement is on its way. This one also has a bunch of dead pixel clusters too. 
I definitely know that, I didn't start feeling it until about week 3. I'm still on a tiny dose. 
Damn it! I flew out of Phoenix this morning. Was in Scottsdale. 
Warranty replacement for a phone stuck in bootloop has the green spot. :(
Unless its on a router. But even then, we have 5-axis CNC routers at my work.
I don't know, I'm laughing pretty hard. Maybe it's the xanax I took before the flight I'm on. 
Is that a BMW ZHP shift knob? Looks just like mine... lol
I did NOT know that benzodiazepines had serious withdrawal symptoms like that. I wasn't abusing or addicted to Ativan, but maybe that's the reason I felt so horrible the first week I started taking an SSRI for my anxiety. 
Considering it has a 3000x2000 display resolution it probably isn't the best for gaming. I've played a couple of games, but many of them don't have 3000x2000 in the settings, or are not optimized for such a small display so everything in the UI is TINY. Kerbal Space Program is impossible to navigate at full resolution because of this.

Also at full resolution games are pretty taxing on the hardware. But so far it's been able to handle a lot of stuff that I've thrown at it totally fine.
Nice! Like other people have said, most of the issues have been eliminated.

I still have some random glitchy stuff going on when docking/undocking like the "Ready to Undock" thing staying on my screen forever. One time my sound didn't work and I had to restart, earlier today it locked up and I had to hold the power button to restart it. My graphics card switching seems to be pretty inconsistent too, but that's definitely software stuff. I had to set it to use the dedicated graphics all the time in order for it to kick in when playing a couple of Steam games. 
What about a nollie 360 inward heel? (I played a LOT of Skate 2 & 3...)
Oh cool! I live in Bellingham. Doesn't come up very often! 
Yeah, I do NOT have the time or want to spend the effort doing this as a college student right now. Maybe in 6 months when I'm graduated. Hah.
That's why engineers all say "thou" for thousandths of inches. 0.040 = "forty thou."
Damn. 
Hnnnng. 
Scrolling in Firefox is definitely a much less fluid experience than in Edge. Edge is optimized for the touch interface as well, which is why I'm currently using it as my main browser. I have Chrome and Firefox both installed, but don't use them often. Chrome is too much of a resource hog these days.
No, I don't think so. I'm still getting used to Windows 10.
Seconded. Can't find the right one.
I've got 4308, crashes fairly often. I'll look for the 4300 one and try it.
Good to know it's not just mine! I got my Surface Book only 2 days ago.
Yeah, that's definitely odd. I'm not sure what to do about it. Turning off hardware acceleration in Firefox made it stop happening as often. I'm tired of using Chrome because of how much it hogs resources.

I'd love to use Edge but I'd like RES and ad block.
I like that. Definitely helped physically relax me. 
Never done guided meditation, but I've done guided progressive muscle relaxation which helps. Not always in a comfortable place though, usually in public when it gets bad. 
Oh god. I don't even want to know. 
The Blue Scholars album Bayani is fucking awesome, by the way. 
We used to have two or three unlocked bikes next to our house, and one night the heaviest, slowest, rustiest bike with flat tires disappeared. 

There were two other nice bikes right there, and they chose the most broken one. 
How do you do this type of dynamic analysis in CATIA? I use static FEA all the time for formula SAE 
Please tell me where this happens. 
Hell yeah! 
Well, most dudes. 
Yeah this is fucking terrifying. 
Man that looks like a lot of setups. Unless you had a 4th axis in one of those Haas machines, that looks like a nightmare otherwise! 
It's not bad, it's just not possible. 

Edit: it might be possible 
I don't work there, a friend of mine does. 
Hah, one of my friends works there. 
Oops. Can't do anything about it now lol! 
Sweet! That's better than however much we usually spend on our DTA units! 
Nice. This could save teams so much money! 
East? I thought you said... Weast.
If there's "no moving parts in contact", then there's no way to convert the mechanical energy of those moving parts into electricity. This doesn't make sense at all. 
One time I got 12th in every single race when playing with my friends. When we got to rainbow road, I got 1st. It was magical. 
I never knew the old Ford Fiesta was such a miserable looking pile.
I just put all my contacts into a group. Usually names don't get mixed up that often. 
Someone should /r/perfectloops this. 
Yeah I went there too. 
That site provided for so much entertainment when I was younger 
That was amazing. Didn't watch that show that much but it was always good! 
I've never driven a Miata so I can't really say anything about comparison, but with a few simple mods (anti roll bars, springs, dampers, bushings, or coilovers, etc.) the e30 really can handle a lot. I love the interior, and I LOVE the sound the inline 6 makes. There's no comparison to a good I6, 4 cyls just don't cut it in my book. 
I had no idea fog lights were illegal (or that people hate them) in other countries. People love fogs in the US! My e30 headlights are so bad I pretty much need them all the time at night. 
My phone battery died literally the instant after I took this picture, so I couldn't get one in better focus. 
:(
Yeah, there's absolutely no way someone would hang over the edge of a random shaft thousands of feet deep 
Turn it sideways. Lol 
A manual wagon? Even better! 
Yeah it just kinda didn't work. Pretty awkward. 
I'm curious as to how half of the photo is in focus (behind the subjects) and half of it isn't, no idea how to accomplish this!
In first grade once I did this. We were writing stories or something, and I just yelled "WOOOP" like a siren. The teacher grabbed me by the ear and made me sit by her desk for like an hour. 
Maybe he did what I do for the lesser positions on a ballot and just picked him randomly because I don't know anything about any of the candidates.
Oh my god. I haven't seen those in years, I burst out laughing just from that! 
What the fuck. 
Nice! That'll be sick. Post more pics when you're done! 
It was written by "Admin" with no citations, links, or sources anywhere.
No seal. AT&T, from an AT&T store. 
1) I look for not overly flashy (ridiculous shape/color) and not overly dull. Something that highlights the design of the phone itself, because I chose this phone for a reason. It should protect it from an elbow height drop impact to where it doesn't damage the phone, I don't need it to be dropped from a 10 story building or anything. 

2) for the LG G4, wireless charging would be awesome, because the only one out there is a pretty ugly folio case. 
I know this thread is a little old, but I just got the Aukey quick charger and it doesn't seem any faster. It's still slow as hell. 

Edit: just kidding. Charged from 4% to 60% in 45 minutes. 
Hell yeah! Is the body going to be finished completely or are you going for a more ratty look?

Either way, it's awesome. 
I loved my M8 until I got a phone with an actually usable camera.
Jokes on you, I can still replace the battery in my G4.
That was probably the most boring "science" video I've ever seen. 
Reminded me of "KELLY, what are you going to do with your *life*" 
Leavenworth drive?!? I couldn't go because the driveline in my e30 is making some funny clunking noises.
I'd love to see someone try that on my car which doesn't even have a cabin air filter. I change my own oil though, so it won't happen. 
I've done that in the jungle biome before, not the same way though. I just hollowed out a bunch of gigantic trees and made leaf bridges between them and had a multi-room multi-level house. It got weird when the leaves I placed started decaying though. Had to download a mod to fix that. 
100%
Yeah, looks kinda like sawdust. 
Is this actually bad? Oops.
I still have no idea where the buttons are on that thing. I always end up ejecting the disc when trying to turn it off. 
AT&T M8 here. Mine doesn't have any crashing issues like yours, but the keyboard does often fail to pop up and the only way to fix it is to lock and unlock the phone or reboot. 
Way way way better. 
Not really that many, but I didn't realize how much quality assurance, process planning, and Six Sigma stuff is a part of manufacturing... I'm just not interested in any of that really.

I'm more interested in machining, machine design, tooling, product design, etc. 
I just hate searching for jobs/internships and EVERY listing being for a software engineering position.  I'd rather they distinguish it from engineering (by not using the word engineering) because mechanical/physical engineering types have literally almost no connection to software engineering, but within themselves are often similar enough to allow crossover. I have to take 1 CS class and that's it to graduate with my manufacturing degree, I barely know how to code.
I was about to ask the same question. I'm going to upgrade soon from my HTC M8 mainly for the camera. 
I've had a recurring dream in the past where I would be in my parents basement, sitting on the bed that's against one of the walls. I'd hear some creepy noise in the next room over, and when I tried to get up and run, I fell to the floor. I tried screaming but couldn't make any noise, and then this overwhelming darkness enveloped me and I would always wake up at this point. 
White noise definitely freaks me out. Not that breaking into places is on my to do list, but I'd probably leave immediately. 
NO. I'm not ready! 
Looks more like an awkward dance battle with the ball in the middle. 
People at /r/PerfectLoops and /r/Cinemagraphs 
Nice. That thing looks sick!
My friends parents had one of these with the rear-facing jump seats. I got car sick in it. I don't like them anymore.
I loved my Nexus 5, especially the fluid experience and the clicky ceramic buttons. I actually sold it after about 6 months though, just because the HTC M8 came out and I geeked out and bought it on a contract upgrade. I kind of regret it, because the camera on my M8 is just *so* bad. The build quality of the M8 is fantastic, but Android L caused it to freeze and lag, battery life went down, and fluidity is awful now.

I warranty swapped the Nexus once, because of several clusters of dead pixels. Easy process, I got a brand new one.

After I sold it, the battery started overheating A LOT and the battery life got really bad. My friend had me warranty swap it again for him (because warranty isn't transferrable?) and he got a refurbished one.
Reminded me of [this](http://cleaneatsfastfeets.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Clean-Pecker.jpg).
I think it's actually the gifv format that causes that. As a normal gif it doesn't 
Nice! I love new wagons :D
I'd take those 32s off your hand if you were in Seattle, but that looks like a Texas plate! 
It makes for a little more interesting gif though!

The indicator itself has a small amount of wobble, it needs to get serviced.
Yeah they're EXPENSIVE. This is the school owned shop one so it's got some damage. 
It's actually the coaxial indicator itself, it has about half a thou of wobble and it needs to be serviced.
Imgur might not display it properly rotated 90 degrees for some reason, it works fine on mobile.

Little background info: this is a coaxial indicator designed to measure the axial location of a circular feature on a machined part. I was lining up the two bearing surfaces on this part I was machining in a Haas VF-4 CNC.
This is a coaxial indicator designed to measure the axial position of a circular feature on a machined part.
It wouldn't make sense that way, but it would make a better cinemagraph I guess? 
Cross-posted. I now know what a cinemagraph actually is... Lol. 

I've got a couple more shots to make into them, they should work out a little better because it's not all about the movement. 
Same! I've had nightmares about getting sucked in by pipes at the bottom of pools.
For some reason Imgur won't display it properly rotated 90 degrees, so it might be sideways.

Background info: I was measuring the axis location of this hole feature on a CNC machined part I was making and figured it would make a great perfect loop.

Machine is a Haas VF-4 CNC, with a Blake coaxial indicator. 
Technically yes, and that's what I was using it for.
That's your computer or phone. It's a really big gif. Try the gifv:

http://i.imgur.com/zykSBx4.gifv
I could just remove that part from the mask. The dial indicator has that wobble without even touching any surfaces, though, it needs to be serviced. 
Yep. WWU FSAE. We haven't had enough participation to get a car completed in a couple years, but we're taking our brand new design to two comps next year. 
Oh I'm sure I have a huge amount of things I could learn and improve on, this was shot on my phone in a pinch. My hands were dirty and I placed the phone on a rag on the jaws of the vice.

Mostly I just thought it was really cool to see looping. 
Lol, I get where you're coming from. I did spend a lot of time stabilizing the video and cutting out unnecessary frames to get the loop perfect, but I know many cinemagraphs are more subtle. 
Huh, I'll have to give that a shot! I don't have access to the machines until after the summer, unfortunately, but I can't wait to start cutting again. 
I thought so too. I'm pretty proud of it. 
This one needs some work, that wobble you see is actually the indicator itself and not the part. 
Thanks! 
Yeah, it's a really big gif. I'll shrink the next one. This one is about 1080x1920, that's the resolution of the video clip I used. About 30 frames of it. 
Yeah, I'm really surprised at what a 20 year old machine that's been crashed many many times by students learning is capable of. 

I got the outside profile of this part on the first op to within 0.0003" using cutter compensation. 
Isn't a cinemagraph really just a loop with masking?
Front uprights (mount front axle, wheel hub, bearings, upper and lower control arms) for the Formula SAE car at my school. 
The dial gauge is actually about 1 thou out itself, so the hole is pretty round. I should look into getting it repaired. 
Thank you! :D
What's with all the stuff at the bottom of that pool? Is that a tunnel? :O
UGH it got stuck rotated 90 degrees. I'll try and fix that.

Edit: imgur won't display it correctly unless you click on it and go to the direct link.

Also, more info about the displayed process: this is a coaxial indicator designed to accurately measure the position of a bearing surface or circular feature. Part is being machined in a Haas VF-4 CNC machine.
There's an icecream shop in my town that is cash only, has an ATM, AND reimburses you for the ATM charge. It's also fucking delicious.
Seriously, what the fuck. It's not fair to all of the seriously qualified applicants that get zero responses. Boeing does this now and it's pretty impossible to get an internship there now.
They're also expensive as fuck.
New, really expensive blood tests can pick up on it in as little as 9 days. 

See RNA tests. 
IAMA mad engineering student, tell me, does it get any better? 
10 minute drive from me in Shoreline! 
Ugh, I want one of those so bad!

It's a 6 speed right? Did they even make automatic ones? 
I definitely want to become a tree. 
Chemical stripping is actually not recommend for composites because it can react with the matrix and damage the structure. Usually it's media blasted with a softer plastic media. 
All around me are familiar faces... 
Two guys at my high school did a "gender neutral yoga pants day" and showed up to school in yoga pants. When pictured from behind below the waist it was impossible to tell... 
They look literally exactly like the iPhone 6 with a different front face. That's all it is.
They said it hovers 500m above. Which likely means outside of the building. 
Dang it. 
Ew. 
Good taste. This is one of my dream cars. 

I think I'd take an Alpina e28 over it though. 
Oh hell yeah! I'd love to get a crate from Japan or the UK.  I think we broke your site but I love the idea! Is it only subscription based? 
I think you're a pretty cool guy. Two choices I would have definitely considered. 
Contact lenses work. I haven't ever had a problem with it 
I've got two weeks left :(
I'd probably pay at least a little bit of money to see that.
I think you should turn the spindle on at line 2 to prevent it from hitting material before it's at full speed. You probably also need a spindle M code such as M03 (clockwise spindle on) if your controller requires that.
Super cool perspective change there!
Oh my god. I would've left at the first sentence.
Oh fuck that. I broke a GameCube controller because of it. 
This HAS to be a joke. I refuse to believe otherwise.
Damn, that thing is sexy. 
Dream car, dream drive. 
That somehow reminded me of when I used the Homebrew Channel on the Wii to hack Mario Kart. I gave myself unlimited bullet bills and then went online as a Mii named Oprah. I won the race in like 20 seconds. 
Actually, me too. I thought it was going to be horrific, but it was a great action movie!
"God damn it Catia why can't you trim the ribbons? Ribbon computation error, what is this? All I want is a fillet. Or a chamfer. Why can't you propagate with tangency?!"
My shower has a temperature limited knob. It maxes out before the water is hot enough some times, especially if someone else is showering upstairs. If you lean on it just a little it gets slightly warmer. 
NW Washington here. If you don't have coffee on your desk in the morning it's pretty weird. 
Love this song so much. 
Tittle
No manual Z4? Wtf.
Yeah this is where Skyrim is at for me. It crashes every time I change maps and I'm not sure which one it is. 
Aaand that M3 is now useless. 
Nice. I would like to own a wagon at some point. 
As a student at WWU in Bellingham I have to tell you guys that it's super cool to be going to the same school that you guys began! I love your stuff, so many of your songs give me the chills. 
Awesome! Maybe we'll check it out for next year! 
Damn, my roommates cat is kind of a bitch, I'll avoid making her angry even more so now! 
I wish I had another... My e30 runs at 3500 at 75 with a 4:10 diff. Only gets like 20 mpg on the highway. 
Til I die. Or til they die. Which is probably soon :(
Yep. All about that inline six, rwd, and manual gear shift. 
Damn, he was SO close! 
I'm willing to bet it involves blood. 
Just wanna say you guys are awesome and your music shows some ridiculous talent!

I literally can't comprehend most of what your drummer does, and I've played music in concert and jazz bands for years! 
I read the title and I still thought it was a pirate ship on the water. 
Gorgeous. 
This made me feel so much better about the job interview I have tomorrow, thank you! 
Ooh, red carbon. Nice!

Ours is super weird dark blue prepreg that apparently has carbon nanotubes in the matrix (according to the mfg). It's got really strange failure characteristics and instead of brittle failure it kinda just bends.
You're one of them... 
1973 BMW tii, nice. 
I thought it would be SO awkward. I can't stand to be seen by friends/parents/roommates, or in public showers. 

It's totally different in the moment. Those clothes fly off. 
Oh god, this is not what I wanted to remind me of my Japanese classes in high school. 
Hey, my parents 27 inch iMac can play games at higher settings at 2560x1440 than my dedicated gaming build. It's got an i7 with 16 gigs of ram and a GeForce 760m, though, so there's not really a surprise in that. 
Hooterville? Not getting the reference. I go to college here. 
Lol. 
Gorgeous! I have a similar view of Baker often in Bellingham. 

I fucking love Washington. 
Sounds like the either master or slave cylinder took a crap. The buildup of pressure could have been a seized valve or something, and then the loss of pressure would be a failure. Check the soft lines to the master and slave cylinders, and look for brake fluid on the ground. 
/r/nocontext
Because of following my friends I've now fallen into a creek hole AND fallen off a cliff. Good thing there was powder at the bottom of that cliff because I fell like 30 feet. 
They don't think it be like it is, but it do.
How much do your classmates hate you?
We blame drivers from Canada. Northern WA is riddled with them.
I would totally buy one of these (several?) if I weren't a broke college student! Nice work! 
I need to tell my dad this.
Yeah, because we don't need our own water. Thanks Shatner.
Same on the e30. The whole front & rear valences have it on them.
DO. IT.

You won't be disappointed, unless you live in like downtown Seattle or something. Those hills are nasty.
Never tried that, hah. If you let off the gas in gear, though, the ECU usually cuts fuel to near zero on cars with modern fuel injection.

Even my 27 year old BMW e30 does it.
Eh, the dead pedal doesn't count.
My car is a manual and doesn't have a SINGLE cup holder.

One time I drank a canned soda in traffic. That was an adventure.
Back in 2007 Seattle (King County) introduced a trans fat ban, which required all restaurants either to close or to reformulate their recipes to remove trans fats from their food. 

For some reason Dairy Queen decided not to oblige, so it ended up just closing ALL stores in King County. 

There was one on Highway 99 in Shoreline, close-ish to my friends house. We used to bring fireworks and paint pens to mess around with. 

One time one of us had a huge mortar, and lit it off then threw it inside. That was an awesome show. 
I think they started doing automatic rev matching, you can probably turn it off. 
Really? Interesting. I guess on the RS models and stuff. 
YES! 

I was listening to Adele's second album while playing Minecraft for hours, and now every time I play Minecraft I hear "rolling in the deep" in my head. 
So these are what game maps are designed after! 
Nice. I love fresh tools, they're always so pretty. 

I wish they would stay that way. It's impossible to find good ones at my school, people crash them all the time. 
Damn. That must have been a BIG pot hole. Or a curb.
Also on a Continental tire, the OEM choice for VW group. 
I like this one. It also sounds like it'll work the best. 
Are there actually bees everywhere? I'm up in Bellingham but I saw the news. 
I can only imagine someone calling their SO "love" when it's in a British accent. 
I definitely stopped about freshman year of high school. I would still stand but never recite or place my hand over my heart.

No one really asked why, but it's because I'm an atheist.

A lot of other people stopped as well. I think a lot of it was laziness and/or they were sick of it every morning, but who knows. By that time everyone had their own religious and political background. 
I just imagined a scenario in which two parents talked only in a fake accent around their child. I laughed. I should feel bad now...
I just feel bad that my foxface has been stuck in that tank for something around 10 years now. He must get SO bored. 
Oh god. Fuck that place. 
There's a bathroom in Manitou Springs, Colorado (near Colorado Springs) that has no lock on the door, one urinal, a small wall, and then a completely unenclosed toilet. So sketchy. 
It's always on my favorite twisty road too!

Seriously one time I was driving my favorite road at like 11:30 pm, no other cars, until randomly a rogue Prius shows up and goes 10 under. 
I do that as much as I can, but people are SO slow in my town. Everyone drives below the speed limit and it's infuriating. 
Pickup trucks are definitely the worst here in the Seattle area. My favorite is when they drive with their fucking brights on all the time. 
If I were in the market for a Saab I would definitely check it out! 
Why? So? Many? Question? Marks? 
Yeah, what the fuck? 
http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OB-OU454_owling_G_20110720033200.jpg
The amount of time/money I spent on MapleStory is worrisome... 
I know what I'm looking at, but I have no idea what I'm looking for.. 
/r/thesuperbowl
One time my friend and I were driving north about 65 miles to our college town, when we stopped at a Subway to get some food. 

This kinda sketchy lady gets out of an Escalade, came in, asked to use a phone, and then tried to get change for a $100. 

She said she needed a ride to some motel about 10 miles in the opposite direction we were going, and that she had just been assaulted by the two guys in the Escalade, which had now left. 

She walked out to my roommates car, opened the door without asking, and almost let his cat out who was along for the ride. 
FIRMLY GRASP IT 
Depends what part. If you're out of the city, YES. If you're in the city it's pretty normal. 
I wish! My e30 is as close as I can get. 
I love the bari I just hate how boring it's parts are in classical music. I couldn't handle it so I switched back to alto. 
Brown sugar! 
Where did you get the replacement door seal? All I can find are ones for only one side of the car and they're like $400.
My car was really bad too... I still need to cut out some of the rust and fill it. Right under my gas pedal is really bad. 
I like pelicanparts.com. They've got nearly everything you could need (both OEM and OEM replacement) and if you're on the west coast they ship very quickly. 
I like to lay down in the shower like I'm taking a bath. Amazing, but don't fall asleep!
I've always HATED flying, and airports used to give me massive anxiety.

The first time I flew by myself, I was totally fine. I don't know what it was, but the feeling of doing something like that on my own was incredibly comforting. I know it isn't really that difficult or complicated, but I don't get as nervous anymore. I still need Dramamine, though hah.
Gotta love that Tacoma aroma.
Haven't ever failed a class. I don't really go to that difficult of a school, according to my friends who have attended other schools. 

That isn't to say that the engineering program is easy, with only about a 15% acceptance rate and about a 15 to 17 credit/quarter course load. Sometimes I don't know how I handle it. 
Also it tends to photo-degrade from UV exposure, so it won't be necessarily that clear in ~20 years or however long. 
Vending machines that don't take cards! There's several on my university's campus and it's amazing. I never have cash on me so at like 10:00 pm when nothing is open it's great.
One of my roommates worked at a dog daycare and one of the dogs that would come in was always dressed in a pink tutu, collar, etc. with a pink leash and an owner that was dressed in pink. 

It's name was something like Princess Diana Beyonce something something the Third. 
I've got one, but I have no idea how to use half of it.

I bought it when I realized differential equations could be a problem for my GPA, and then I couldn't figure out how to write programs for Euler's method or how to use the differential equation solver.
I'm from Seattle... what's an umbrella?
The Porsche Club of America autocrosses that I go to have all sorts of people driving in them. One of the fastest drivers is a ~60 year old woman in a GT3RS. 
People still steal car stereos? My dash is stock with an aftermarket head unit otherwise I'd post a pic. 
I like anything 930.
Damn. Now I want to change my timing belt for good measure. 
I don't get why chain timing isn't more of a thing. That belt looks tiny! 
I hate how they polished everything. None of it actually looks like that inside an engine! 
I find it hard to believe that Jamie would drive a 20 year old Toyota Tacoma, but idk. 
Diligenci
That was heart wrenching. Very well written OP!
It's true, clownshoes, anything Alpina, and wagons are my favorite. Z8 is kinda weird, i8 is cool though.
Not a very nice day, but I love these mountains either way! This is only like an hour away from my house!
Fuck. Yes.

I will own one of these one day. Or a Z3M coupe. Both are amazing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paf4Fy7Kn2Y
>hard way

(͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Ugh, it's perfect.
Yep the owner of the local Euro shop in my town has one. Same color, not Alpina though. 
/r/cinemagraphs
>he

I didn't notice...
God damn it, I hate these fake screenshot things so much.
Maybe I would if anyone called me... Texting is my only cellular communication pretty much. 
I refuse to believe this isn't an elaborate joke.
About to say. The exhaust manifold would light up in flames *immediately* if it were magnesium.
Hey this is like an hour from my house in Bellingham!
Oh my H&R Race and Bilstein Sport suspension is pretty awful. I guess I was just assuming you "couldn't" because of ground clearance, but I didn't think about comfort, hah.

In I5 in south of downtown Seattle it is HORRIBLE. Every expansion joint feels like I'm being slapped in the face.
Don't remind me how far behind we are :(

Actually since we're going to Lincoln we're kinda okay, but we just pulled our first chassis tool yesterday so the chassis should be laid up soon! 
And to lower the center of gravity thereby increasing performance. 
I beg to differ... My e30 is much lower. 
Certain aluminum alloys (most except for 2xxx series I believe) don't oxidize due to water exposure, so this might not apply. For steel it definitely does though. 
Nope, it's actually in pretty bad shape though. A bit of rust in places also. 
My friend and I took one of the stock families, killed the parents and made one a vampire, and left the kids to fend for themselves. We deleted everything from the house except for a fridge and toilet, and then dressed the teenage girl up as a hooker and sent her out to be a criminal and a kleptomaniac. 

Also, on the first Sims I made a giant house with an island in the pool, put like 10 "playboy bunnies" in a building on the island, deleted the door, lit fireworks, and watched them all burn as one of them was shredding on the guitar. Good times! 
Man those BBS wheels look so good when they're clean. I only ever see them on my roommates trashed 9-5 Aero. ;( 

She doesn't know what she has (and she doesn't care).
Real transmissions only! 
The Ridge has some good ones. My current roommate was in a triple in Alpha 3 years ago and it was pretty cool. There's a HUGE triple on the second floor of Alpha that I knew two guys lived in, they didn't have a third roommate for some reason. 
Yep those are in Washington too. There's on ramps for HOV. 
I love Seattle, but man I'm so glad that I don't live IN Seattle. Shoreline is close enough when I'm on break from school in Bellingham. 
All I want is a company to call me back about all the internship postings I've applied for. 
RIP
Not me, but my dad. 

One time he was on I90 between Bellevue and Seattle (Mercer Island). 

He was driving along with an old Honda in front of him, and suddenly a wheel falls off of the car in front of him and rolls past his car. 

The Honda kept going without stopping, and a couple minutes later ANOTHER wheel falls off and rolls past my dad. The guy still didn't stop.
It does make much nicer videos but a water or miscible oil based coolant can produce a fantastic surface finish.  It's mostly down to feedrate and RPM. 
Aluminum doesn't actually need coolant in a lot of cases depending on the type of tool, feed, speed, etc. It does look like it was being sprayed with air to remove the chips.

One of the main functions of coolant is to evacuate the chips from the cutting edge to prevent the chips from getting marred into the surface of the metal. The other functions are of course cooling the workpiece to prevent work hardening, cooling the tool, improving lubricity, etc. 

In this case it looks just like a demo though, so coolant isn't being used so that you can see what's going on. 
Oh god... 
Yeah that watermark is tragic.
I definitely wouldn't feel clean washing my hands in that. Working on cars is a dirty task. 
Yeah there's not really a way you could do anything cool with these, they'd just fall off your feet if you jumped. 
Nice to see it done right! The thing looks amazing after the paint. 
Ah I miss my e30 so bad! I screwed up installing my rear right brake caliper and fried a new Hawk pad. I'm not down to spend $90 just for a single pad and some useless spares. 
This is how we do it at WWU. Most of the fasteners are in place, accurately modeled after the Coast Fab hardware that we buy.

All of the suspension and subframe jigging and machining fixtures are modeled as well. 

Almost everything is done in CATIA except for CFD in StarCCM. 
Hah, I'm in Colorado Springs from WA right now visiting a friend and we're going there tomorrow! 
When you make that move let me know so I can see your inevitably awesome garage! 
Saab!

My dad has a 2006 9-5. I love that thing, just wish it were a manual. Also needs some suspension work before it'll handle my driving style hah. My e30 handles on rails compared to the 9-5.
That Miata is awesome! Also the Lotus. And everything else. I need to get my engineering degree finished up so I can get some more toys. My E30 needs a lot of work. 
http://imgur.com/gNuuxgJ

My buddy in high school bought a 1989 BMW E34 535i and I was hooked. That thing was so cool, I just knew I'd have something similar at some point. 

Then, the turning point was when another friend had an M50 swapped e30 freshman year of college. Thing was in his family for the entirety of its life, mint. 
Idk it likes to predict done giving weird shit sometimes, you now. 
"Shit, some guy is downloading it type faster!!" 
Steven Tyler? 
Pretty sure my neighbor had one of those and I thought it was THE coolest thing I've ever seen. I still kinda want one. 
My dad used to unplug the Internet router at night to keep my brother and I from staying up too late. I would crawl on my knees past their bedroom trying to avoid making noise on our massively creaky wooden floor.

I'm not even sure how I pulled it off...

He started standing outside my bedroom for up to 10 minutes looking for the light from my computer screen to reflect off of the white wall behind me. If I ever heard the floor creak outside my room I knew exactly what he was doing. 
One of my friends found some printed on a couple sheets of paper left in a bathroom stall in the library. We stuck them under a rock in the woods of a church/preschool down the street. 
"I don't know how to write a Shiba scream onomatopoetically"
Fantastic for airplanes.
Their soundscape/spacial recreation is WAY out of whack for my ear. It sounds like the sound is coming not from in front of me like it should be, it's distorted.
People hate on Bose, but their in ear headphones are SO much better than any other in ear I've ever heard (not counting true IN ear phones, the form fitting noise canceling ones, I hate those). They really do sound almost as good as my Sony MDR-V600s. No comparison with my AKG K240s though.

I went through like 4 pairs of Apple earbuds in about a year because they break so often, so I got some Bose IE2 for 3x the price and 2+ years later they're still going strong.
Yeah, I mean how could Michael Jackson stitch together a pair of Jordans if he's dead?
Actually it's 256:108
But it's 8 by 0 by 85 so actually only two dimensional 
A/s/l? 
Probably not. Considering how fantastic the M7 and M8 were, I really can't see it getting worse. The build quality is better (which is tough to do as it was already pretty much the best in the business), the camera is better, the display is the same (which is okay because it looks great but I would've been okay with a larger one)... 
Damn, low battery, missed call, voicemail, Tinder message, AND a text message?
Holy shit we need to get cracking. WWU needs more shop access and people on our team. 
I totally thought tanukis were a fictional Mario thing.... 
That's one of the ones I can't believe exists. It just looks like three things photoshopped together. 
Maybe this is why Bellingham, WA is flooded with people coming down south from Vancouver, BC JUST for Costco gas and milk?
The BMW e30 is pretty bad also... If you look underneath one the oil pan is the LOWEST part of the front of the vehicle. Lower than the subframe, lower than the steering rack...
I saw "Yoga Pants" at a car at my school.
I don't like how the entire time he was just like "I think this is faster..." or "the steering feels better."

The entire comparison was based on judgement.
Just hack the mainframe a little bit.
Crap I've never thought about that... My e30 is so low and stiffly sprung that I often have to dodge manhole covers and potholes.
Wait, but I'm in America. It's available to me.
I was thoroughly impressed until I realized that this is literally ripped word for word from Wikipedia.
Knowing AT&T it'll probably be another 6 months... or a year.. or never. I'm planning on rooting my phone eventually, but I kind of want to warranty replace it first because of the camera lens.
Same! My phone dies SO fast now. The weird thing is that I updated my phone, was totally fine for about 3 weeks, then all of the sudden the GPS wouldn't turn off ever.
Right?! I hate making phone calls. Especially job-related ones.
He said "safest."
This sounds like shitty non-sexual Cosmo advice.
My 1988 BMW (e30) has 176k. I've put about 11k on it since buying it two decembers ago.

Forgot the porn... so much porn.
If only I had a riding day to (not) bail on... Mt. Baker is closed.
I did this. It's turned into me jumping out of bed as fast as possible, turning it off, and getting back in bed. Sometimes I don't remember it. 
Wow what the hell.
Yes. 
My M8 was fantastic until some shitty AT&T bug caused the GPS to constantly cycle on and off. It usually is good though, like finishing a 16 hour day with 20%.
... I thought it was actually Obama until this comment. 
Yeah but how many GTX 980s do I need to run it? 
You know what I hate? The term "software engineer." Every internship or job I find with the search term "engineer" in it is a goddamn software engineering position. They aren't even remotely related!
I would probably just find it funny and then say hey, that's actually a good idea... 
I always cheated at that game, oops. Head on the edge of the desk watching for the shoes of people walking by was an instant win. 
I wonder if winter in the PNW this year will be brought up, it's gorgeous outside and it should be cold as balls! 
Jason McGerr from Death Cab For Cutie on my favorite album of theirs, Narrow Stairs.
Love Manchester Orchestra! Didn't make the connection to Bad Books until now. 
No not grill 
I'm not exactly "limiting myself," I'm just not exactly sure where to look anymore. I'm not an engineering firm knowledge base.

I guess I also kind of have a problem with selectively applying to companies I like more than others. Sometimes its hard to see myself working at a certain place, and it discourages me from applying. I should probably get over this.
Cat.
Is that an E46? That little fabric strip on the A pillar looks oddly familiar.
It's not a monopoly, but they all charge the same damn prices anyway so it might as well be. I live in a 1600 square foot house with 7 bedrooms (barely) and we get charged just over $3000 a month. It's ridiculous. They price places by number of "bedrooms."
Holy crap that's gorgeous. Looks way better than the dated Continental. 
Every time I do this one of them comes off halfway in the middle of the night and it's super frustrating.
Am I the only one that finds Velveeta disgusting?
Eh, I've got both and I like the Citrus Wash&Gloss WAY more. 
Yep, I'll check this out thanks! 
Holy crap yeah my phone is always hot and battery draining like crazy. That GPS won't turn off! 

Weird thing is that I've been on the latest software for weeks... It started like a few days ago. 
It's even turned off in the quick settings. 
Yep. 
I should read more of RCVD... I got really sick last quarter when I was supposed to be designing all of the suspension geometry for our Formula SAE car, so I had to pawn it off on someone else. 
>I'm mature for my age!

^^Hi ^^evry1 ^^im ^^new..!
That looks incredibly comfy... But I would overheat SO fast. 
Smoked flagship = fantastic. 
[Guatemalan Huehuetenango](https://baristasbeans.com/coffee/guatemalan-huehuetenango)... [Hue](http://m.quickmeme.com/img/99/9922e5e83a280803e413eadff91bfc26f3a0cf2a68e0b84a038b3221436d0dbf.jpg)
There's hope?!? 
My One X was pretty good for the time. My One M8 can't take a good photo for shit. 

Except for the occasional [not actually that good unicorn]( http://imgur.com/gNuuxgJ)...
Gorgeous, I've always loved the e21. Bet that thing flies with the 2.7i stroker! 
I did that a few days ago just to mess with my roommate. We were playing Boom Blocks on the Wii and she was dominating me and my other roommate, so I turned it off. 

She FREAKED out and as we were laughing hysterically. 
The e30 challenge! 
I'm sick of having 10 processes running when I have only one tab open. One tab doesn't need 1 gig of memory! 
That scene is one of the hardest things for me to watch, ever. I just can't handle the awkwardness. 
I would hate myself so much every morning if I had a 7 AM class. 
I would like to know myself, so that I can enjoy my Taco Bell without worry. 
In WA not only can we walk into a recreational marijuana store, but we can also buy ANY alcohol from the same place that you buy your eggs, cheese, bread, milk... On Sundays. 
Most of Eastern WA looks quite like that, strangely different from Western WA. 
PNW! You'll ~~love it here~~ hate it here please move to Oregon not WA. 
I still can't believe how he got reelected AFTER they tried to throw him out of office. 
Looks kinda like Diablo lake in WA! That bluish green color is really similar. 
WA barely ever gets any lowland snow. This winter not even the mountains have snow this year though. 
It's not like other math classes, it's mostly theorem based. A lot of it was discussing abstract subjects like vector spaces, null spaces, linear combinations, vectors spanning a space, mapping, etc. 

I still don't really understand it that well, and I'm 4 out of 5 years into my engineering degree. It was one of the tougher math classes I've taken just because I never felt like I understood what was going on, but I still managed a B- in it. It's quite useful for solving systems of linearly independent equations though, and is an integral part of solving systems of differential equations.

It's highly dependent on your teacher, however. 
Awesome. I would like an S4 Avant. 
X-Construct. Gotta love building bridges and watching trains fall into canyons! 
RemindMe! 1 day
Whoa this is cool. Good luck everyone! 
They call me Stacy...
Sometimes medication can make it worse and/or you just forgot sunscreen.

One time I was in Victoria, BC for a weekend for a band trip and forgot to bring sunscreen as my friends and I went out for the day. I also was taking Accutane at that time, and the combination of these two resulted in horrific sunburns on my face that took months to heal.
How much porn *are* you torrenting?
Eh.
You mean I can wear my dragon armor again without paying? 
I believed him until the car keys. 
One time I was *really* thirsty and in traffic. All I had was a canned Sprite, and my e30 has ZERO cup holders.

Most difficult soda drinking experience I've ever had.
I went to an ENT once for some dizziness that was exacerbated by driving, spinning chairs, rocking chairs, etc., and he told me it was likely anxiety and diet.

I was like, dude, it happens ONLY when I subject myself to movement. I got a nasal spray prescribed by a different doctor and it totally went away.
This reminds me of the pre-installed Dell audio shit that's on all of our lab computers in the engineering building at my school. 

It has presets for earbuds, medium sized headphones, and over the ear headphones. It also has "MaxBass and MaxVolume."

EVERY single preset besides the "off" one sounds like absolute garbage. It turns my $100 AKG studio monitors into tin cans. I honestly don't know how they did it or what they were thinking. It's also enabled by default on every machine and set to the earbuds setting, which is by far the worst. 
I hate those! I get those and everyone I've asked thinks I'm crazy.
I started having dull testicular pains and a dull ache that would run down my inner thighs. It wasn't that bad, but it was still quite unsettling. It got worse during certain times of the day and was quite uncomfortable at times.

Fearing cancer, I went to the doctor twice and got an STD test both times that both came back negative, and then I got prescribed an antibiotic (Levofloxacin) that caused horrible digestive problems, tightness in my chest, trouble breathing, a dry cough, and dizziness. The antibiotic didn't solve the problem AT ALL, and only made it impossible for me to poop. Also not cancer.

I eventually went to a urologist, and after his examination he told me that it was a musculoskeletal problem, in which I had essentially **strained my testicles**.

I did some leg stretches and bam, totally gone.
Because 128GB cards are expensive as shit.
My first is (still drive it daily) a 1988 325is, 5 speed manual. Love that thing to death.
Its okay, E30s are cooler anyways.
Once I was getting out of my car and rammed my eyebrow into the corner of the door. I was supposed to be standing in front of a grocery store selling popcorn or something for Boy Scouts. They told me to go home because it would scare the people away.
When your tires lose traction in the snow it'll feel like they aren't connected to the ground, your engine won't feel like it's working, and you can start drifting or sliding. 

It's just the lack of friction between your tires and the snow.

There's nothing wrong with your car. Get better tires.
Well I think I'm gonna have a shower and floss now.
Yeah I really like her earlier albums because they don't sound like they've been written specifically for the pop industry. 

Her incredible voice just doesn't sound right in overly processed pop songs. 
Want. I'd love to have a touring, and the Alpina wheels and turbo just make it even better! 
I'd build one of those "skydiving" simulators with the giant vertical wind tunnels. That sounds fun. 

Oh and don't forget the network of secret passageways and hidden rooms. And a car lift. 
It's gotta have at least one lift! 

I would be so happy to have a lift to work on my e30. Especially because it seems like that needs to happen very often. 
My parents have a laundry chute! It isn't as cool as your aunt's though, just one straight shot into the basement through an opening in the bench in their closet.

A friend and I filled the laundry room with pillows and started psyching ourselves up to slide down it once, but noticed a kink at the end that would've seriously injured one of us. I'm surprised we had that sort of reasoning when we were 10.
Make that two roommates. 
My friend was an RA for the floor in Buchanan Towers that was designated for therapy animals, so it's definitely possible. There was a girl with a dog (that she neglected horribly :( ) and one person had a duck. There were others I'm sure. 
Z3 steering rack, Z3 short shifter, Miller MAF (if you have the m20b25) are all fantastic. The MAF conversion with a short intake sounds SO good. 
Not really relevant but for some reason I hate the spelling "donut." Doughnut is way better. 
I laughed probably the hardest ever at "oh yes the sexual I feel them." 
If you search for "vinyl" on Amazon or Ebay, literally EVERYTHING is carbon fucking fiber vinyl. No, I don't need lime green carbon in the interior of my car, thank you. 
I kept reading it as "deg loving" and I'm like "wtf is deg?" 

Now that I've realized.. That link will stay blue. 
Right?! I always loved his room so much. I still do. 

The carpet and walls need an update,  though. 
"D-Town Hustler Exchange Group"
I'm glad people have acknowledged this because Chrome EATS my memory. Even with like one tab open there's like ten processes open using at least 500 mb. 
Oh god can't get over how awkward this movie made me feel.
Oh god I'm so glad manufacturing engineers don't need to take dynamics.
Don't really have any questions, but I've played quite a few of your works in Wind Ensemble and Sleep gives me chills every time! 
I can imagine the shallow portion with the stepping stones is a nightmare to keep clean. Probably not much circulation in there.
Qwest = CenturyLink right? I haven't heard the name Qwest in years. 

CenturyLink has got fiber in Seattle now which is awesome. 
NO I'M NOT READY!

Also everyone is like "omg the weather is amazing I wore shorts today!" but what they should be thinking is how much this summer is going to suck in drought. 
I just bought a new snowboard. It's currently hanging on my wall, as a very expensive piece of art. 
Pls op
What's the process in going from picture 6 to 7? Does it get cast in a lost-wax casting process, or does the wax just get plated in gold?
This has been reposted so many times that the resolution is awful now. 
Nice. I made a CNC aluminum BMW engraved clock last quarter, I'd love one of these too!

http://imgur.com/a/noJk8
Fantastic. 
Baaad company, to the day I dieeee.
;_;
I know. You can't get those in a manual either, I don't think.

Come to think of it I've NEVER seen a GT, they're just so ugly I don't know why anyone would buy one.
Looks amazing. Seeing only two pedals disappoints me though.
Don't remind me that there isn't any here in the PNW. Even at 5000 feet. 
I'd rather not have to deal with a PC gaming marketplace in which I need an Nvidia card for one game and an ATI one for another game. Fuck that noise. 
I should probably start messing around with SolidWorks and ProE, most internships I'm applying for require their use over CATIA which we've been taught in school. 
Seriously. CATIA is a fickle bitch. I can't tell you the amount of times I've had a part or assembly break due to literally nothing.
Mmm. Can't wait to get my hands on a wagon at some point. They just need to keep selling manuals over here but NOO that would be too much, right? 
God. Damn.

I just wish they would sell the 335 wagon here. With a 6 speed. That would be too good, though, don't want anything that cool over here right? 
I thought you said E39 and I was like, "WHY WOULD SOMEONE DO THAT" 
Holy shit Greenwood where? My parents live on Greenwood! Oh my god.

Unfortunately in Shoreline so probably not getting it... 
Nascar? Only need one turning direction. 
My dad's Saab held the gears until you bounced off of the rev limiter for more than like 3 seconds. I was actually surprised. 
It's simpler internally, no weird hydraulic solenoids or computers or anything. 
I actually met a girl named Iesha in the dorms with I lived in my freshman year. 
Aw, that E39 540 wagon was so cool! Should've kept it longer. 
My god it's gorgeous. Was the stainless waterjet or laser cut? I'd totally do this. 
Live performance on KEXP (multiple songs): http://youtu.be/FU1Ha6eP4YA
Yeah this is my parents too. I should really tell them to get Netflix + Hulu. 
What the fuck.
http://i.imgur.com/q6C5aFQ.jpg
Wow is it really that low in WA? 
Oh god I can't tell where the yellow ends and the green starts... Colorblind moment.
I've never really liked Mac mice. They have a weird acceleration to the pointer and it just feels laggy. 

Their track pads however are fantastic, can't be beat with the fluidity and gesture capability. 
YEAH WHAT THE FUCK 
Pretty sure WA is in a similar boat. Haven't gone snowboarding more than once this season, and there was only like 40 inches at the end of December. All of that's melted already pretty much. 
/r/TheSuperBowl
What about that engine? 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Just needs a good detail! The seller obviously didn't clean it up before trying to sell it. Check out /r/AutoDetailing or take it to a reputable place around you and that thing will look brand new. 

Cracked radio screen might be expensive though. The pillar trims probably aren't too expensive. 
RIP mobile
Yeah, always have subtitles on as well. I tend to miss too much without them. 

I'm the same with music, because of my musical background (played saxophone/piano for almost 10 years) I tend to focus more on the chords/harmonies/melodies than the words. All my friends are exactly the opposite, they remember the words but can't remember the tune. 
Love these guys. A few of my friends went to the same high school that they came from. 
We made some 7.5 inch wide 13 inch wheels a couple of years ago that weighed about 6 pounds. CNC machined 7075 Al centers and Kaizer aluminum shells. 

They were actually really flexy and I'm sure they'll crack soon..

This year we're buying the Al centerlock OZ Formula Student wheels. 13 in, 22mm offset, they weigh ~7 pounds each but they won't break so it's worth it. 
Oh god Borderlands won't ever be the same. 
Even so, those magnets aren't probably strong enough. It *is* a WRX... so it probably get's driven pretty hard.
Wait do Canadians say "zed"?

^... ^*I'm* ^the ^weird ^one. ^◕_◕
"how bad magnetism is for the human body"

I hope they realize that without the earth's magnetic field there wouldn't be *any* human bodies.
As someone who lives in WA, I also envy OP. Literally the worst snow season I've ever seen.
Oh god I'm so glad I'm done with that fucking piece of shit. 

There were so many errors in my mechanics of materials, many of them were literally impossible to solve because of it. 
My brother has Asperger's, intense migraines, poor eyesight, anxiety, poor study habits, is gay, etc. 

I have reasonable eyesight (need contacts), pretty good looking, good study habits with a 3.74 as an engineering student, but I've got pretty bad anxiety, digestive problems, allergies, and stupid inner ear problems that make me dizzy. 

I'd say it's a mixed bag.
Pretty sure it's because of the soft rotors and brake pad compounds. 

Even my E30 is the same way, my roommates E46 M3 is the same. Upgrading to different brake pad compounds can help. 
Too many white walls, otherwise it looks great! 
Cat. 
Yes.
Won't get em very far if they can't explain why they chose and designed a double a-arm suspension with push/pullrod and bellcrank actuated dampers.
Judging by what he's got now, I'd say either E60 or F10. 

An e28 would we way cooler though :P
Deep fried egg, anyone?
If there was maybe just a LITTLE new snow at Baker I might skip the Superbowl for a good day of snowboarding. Weather sucks.
We Have Cause To Be Uneasy by Wild Sweet Orange. Fantastic album for anyone who slightly more intense acoustic rock. 

Aretha's Gold is produced very well and encompasses a large range of styles. 
Wow that thing must understeer like hell.

Still cool! 
You could just email OZ. They got me the aluminum model in less than a day. 

I have the Al centerlock one of anyone needs it. 
Some guys in leadership at my high school did a "gender neutral yoga pants day." 

It was literally just the two of them in yoga pants.
Washington is similar, except the bubble is probably larger. Pretty much the whole I5 corridor is metropolitanish areas, and then when you venture east it can get weird really quick.

One of my coworkers saw a neo-Nazi type deal going on in Concrete upriver in the Skagit Valley. 
Washington's got those too. There's a lot of woods around here, makes a fine place to put your lifted truck next to your log cabin.
I can't get over the fact that there's a place called Wollongong. 
Eh, it can't really be *that* bad can it? At least it's not Lakewood. I've never even been to Lakewood and I know it's shitty.
You probably won't have much trouble. It wasn't hard for me to get in with a 3.5 from high school. Many of my friends got in with less than a 3.3. I'm not sure how the late application will affect it, but I'm assuming they try not to discriminate based on that. 

Not sure about soccer, don't play myself! I know there's competitive and non competitive intramural soccer but that's about all I know. There *is* a brand new soccer field on South campus that's lit pretty late. 
Oh god we need to hurry the fuck up at WWU. Our chassis tooling sponsor delayed our plug completion date from before Christmas to HOPEFULLY at the end of this week. 
My intestines disagree. 
This happened to me once, there was pocket lint stuck in the headphone jack. Take a bright flashlight and try and look down in there. You might see what's wrong. 
Very strange. Dead of winter and my roommate washed his car in the sun yesterday. 
Northern WA hit 62. There's no snow in the mountains either. 
Why is the east coast just getting pounded this winter when I can't even use my brand new snowboard setup because it's been 40 degrees and rainy all winter in the PNW? 
I know. I think I'm just gonna GPE convert my phone, I'm sick of this AT&T ROM.
[Like this?](http://imgur.com/2pRVHu5) 
no_flex.. Zone? 
I thought you meant Tacoma, WA.

I wouldn't have been surprised.
I'm actually jealous that he can reach the top of his phone screen one handed...
Here I am sitting in 60 degree (F) weather in WA in the dead of winter. I had to open the windows when getting in my car because it was too hot today.

My $1000 new snowboarding setup is hanging on my wall unused. Fuck.
I'm surprised there wasn't more in WA on that list. Sasquatch anyone? 
[Titties in my mouth.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJeQqGiyo0g)
Even.
Talking about the ghosty images and lack of detail? I know your pain. I wish there was some way to fix it without replacing the whole damn lens.
My dad learned when he was ~45 with me as an 11 year old.

As you can imagine my ability level quickly surpassed his to the point where I can't even really board with him anymore because he can't keep up with me and ends up hurting himself. 

He doesn't want to push himself to avoid injury, which is understandable. 
Cat. 
I've got a z3 1.9 rack and it's amazing. I'd highly recommend. 

I had to keep the power steering though because of my 5 lug which increases caster so much that you need PS.
What the hell.
Holy shit. I agree on the movie plot front.
One time I was playing a Runescape private server (oh god my childhood) and a meatspin popup came up and started playing the all too familiar song that accompanied it. I had never seen it before, so I didn't exactly realize what I was looking at until I heard my door start opening. 

I closed that shit faster than ANY tab I've ever closed before, I don't think my mom saw it. And if she did, it *really* was a popup.
Similar to other collegiate challenges like Formula SAE. 
They probably Googled "pirate ship" and that came up. 
One of my friends worked at the local grocery store in high school, and every day at ~5:00 pm they would play this song. 

Pretty much every customer that went through his checkout line would say "oh is it closing time?" and laugh, as my friend would say a smug "no I'm here for 5 more hours." 
As much as I love the Audis, that CA Tuned blue e30 with the ITBs is like my dream e30 build. 
I love the 190e 2.3-16. Can't decide whether I'd have an e30 M3 over it or not. 
When I was really young I was *certain* that the http:// had to be there or the site wouldn't work. I could never remember how it went and always had to ask my brother so I could look up the cheats for N64 games.
I wish they had left it as an Apple. It was so much easier to say Apple+s instead of Command+s. 
/r/cableporn
I remember a post in which two twins got into each other's desired universities, so they just switched identities permanently and went to the schools they wanted to go to. 
Everyone fucking acts like I can't distinguish black from white when I tell them, but in reality I just can't tell the difference between certain shades of purplish blue and bluish purple. Also the Wii power light looks yellow *always*. Not green when it's on like my friends insist. 
Both my parents are from the Green Bay/De Pere areas. This game is going to be.. Conflicting. 
It's kinda like the Saab/Alfa limousine that James May made on top gear. 
This I can understand but when people drive down from BC to the Premium Outlets in Marysville, I can't comprehend it anymore. Drive ~2 hours into another country in your gigantic Mercedes to save a few bucks on a $100 Lulu Lemon headband? Sounds like a great way to save money to me, you know, by wasting a whole day just to go to a mall instead of working or something. 
LOL
Fantastic. I'll probably see you at the picnic this summer! 
Hah, Bellingham checking in! 
Oh... I thought that it was a wavy shaped rotor, like on purpose. 
Sounds like you're in WA...

When can I see the M3? 
Holy crap your flair. E30 M3, BRZ, used to have a sick 911, S2000, NSX, AND and STI? 

My god. You have some great taste there. 
I wish I could make things out of Ti. It's too expensive for a student run team (Formula SAE) to purchase so we just use donated aluminum. 
E30 guys don't like bottle caps so I'm okay with it.

Miata guys hate BMWs so this is just weird. 
The fact that I spun out getting onto the freeway a couple hours ago means that I trust my 26 year old BMW a little too much.
I posted literally almost this exact thing a few months ago and downvotes galore.
Fuck. It's only 9:00 AM but I think I might have trouble sleeping tonight. 
I sometimes do that but I always cover the shower head with my hand to prevent the cold blast hitting me. 
Eh I think it's better than the chrome. 
I knew I recognized those wing mirrors! 
Jealous. I want a 530i 5 speed as a daily, that'd be fun. 
Hahah, they're literally two BMW M20s stuck together with two separate ECUs, distributors, and I think even timing systems... 
Thanks :D
http://youtu.be/nQQD2pQw3oA
Looks like a nice set of boots and bindings there! Can't tell what kind of board.
That blue ///M though... hnnng.
I built my buddy a gaming rig with an NZXT H440 and that thing is damn near silent. Excellent cable management and upgradeability too, though it does have a window with LEDs in it. I believe you can turn off the lights, can't remember.
Wow, never really liked the e36 that much but I really like yours. 

Those wheels help. 
Ahhhh I need to play the Sims! 
Hah! I've been subscribed to this for like a year.
Oh my god. 
[Oops](http://imgur.com/gNuuxgJ)
They don't think it be like it is, but it do. 
LAKDJFLAKJ
Oh wow, I only vaguely remember these but for some reason I remember them being SO good!

Edit: Hah! https://www.change.org/p/snapple-beverage-corp-bring-back-snapple-elements
Holy shit.
If you haven't drawn yet throw me into the bunch!

I suppose though since I live in WA it's not terribly difficult for me to get Canadian snacks, though.