Corporations get their money from consumers and on the backs of workers. It's fine for businesses to profit, but we should give outsize rewards to rent-seeking over working. And there's nothing wrong with thinking that even low-skill jobs should afford a living wage.
Wal-mart spent [$400M on one-off bonuses](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/01/12/walmarts-bonuses-heres-what-workers-will-receive.html) while also closing stores. They're also running a [$20B stock buyback](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/10/10/wal-marts-buyback-is-huge-but-dont-chase-buybacks.html). So 50X more investment in shareholders, than workers. [CNN Money has tallied $6B in benefits to workers and $171B to shareholders so far](http://money.cnn.com/2018/02/16/investing/stock-buybacks-tax-law-bonuses/index.html). The tax cuts will definitely have some positive effect on the economy and some of that will be felt by workers, but we paid an absolutely massive premium to get those benefits.
It doesn't actually smell like garbage anyplace but subway elevators.
I mean, I'm mostly a web guy so I would do a full screen web page split into 2 columns. Speaking of lightweight compute sandoxes with a portable OS, how about web browsers?
This has been game over since the details of the Trump Tower meeting emerged. The rest is just paperwork.
Unless he is physically locked in jail with his phone taken away, he will get at least 40% of the vote in 2020.
In terms of purchasing power, sure. But the value is very different to the person holding it. $100 to make sure your kids eat is worth more than $100 to embroider a silk shirt you'll wear once. The person with hungry kids could just as easily spend his $100 embroidering that shirt too because it's he same $100, he's just getting far less utility.
My idea is to extend liability back to the last registered owner. If a gun is used to commit a crime, charge whoever last registered it as an accomplice. If you agree to sell without a background check, go ahead. Just accept that you're now liable. And no exception for unsecured guns being stolen. Any missing gun must be reported within a short time frame and if you are unusually prone to having guns stolen, you lose your right to keep buying them
Except he got himself elected president.
We'll give him another mulligan.
It's fine. The terror is designed to loom larger than the actual threat. It's an extremely unlikely cause of death for anyone in this country or even in the city. Stop worrying about terrorism and pay more attention to traffic lights and you'll come out way ahead.
When I saw they got a "$200K program" I assumed it meant they got a Photoshop license.
> terrifying

That's why they call it terrorism. I live in NYC and half the landmarks I walk past have been terror targets at one time or another. You get used to it. 
He would have been a legendary QB in the pre-merger, pre-Unitas days of ground and pound. Passing wasn't such an art form back them and having a square jaw was more valuable than reading a secondary.
Percy Harvin arrived and Geno forced every throw at him and ended up with 3 picks in a quarter and got benched for Vick. That was gross.
This is an extremely important thing to highlight as it exemplifies an economic principle called diminishing marginal value. $100 is worth more to someone poor than it is to someone middle class. $1000 is worth more to someone middle class than someone rich. $10,000 is worth more to someone rich than someone super rich.

Upward redistribution of money will literally make that same money be worth less.
My company increased their entry-level pay by 0.75/hr but also increased their dividend and announced a $500MM stock buyback. Not sure how many employees are actually affected, but my most generous calculation says this will be $5-10MM in increased wages. They talk about trickle-down, then people are getting a few drops. 
I would post this to /r/cautiouslyoptimistic
He should subpoena John Barron and David Dennison.
I'll bet Trump doesn't understand that these weren't directly from Mueller. 
Oh. My. Hmm.
Reading the Hodge article it seems he's basically moving the goal posts by defining "pays for itself" to mean "worth the trade-off" as opposed to how everyone else would understand it to mean "revenue neutral".
You understand fine. Kudlow is full of shit. 
I am just a humble merchant from ... zis town.
Crooked Hillary

Lyin Ted Cruz

Little Marco Rubio

Low Energy Jeb Bush

Little Adam Schiff

And that guy is president.
The topper for that was the best. "That's all the time we have." Brilliant.
I think a correctly worded answer would be "no". No need to beat around the bush or tease him with half-assed gestures that he obviously doesn't want. If you don't believe in God or Catholicism, then say so. When your kid is old enough to ask you if God is real, you can also answer "no".
I remember seeing the Jets defense start relaxing before the snap and thought it looked like trouble. 
If he played 2 more decent years he'd be top 10 in yards from scrimmage alongside Barry Sanders and Tomlinson. If he eked out 3 years he could make top 5. And he'd have a ring. Probably Hall of Fame.
He talked shit about Coughlin to the press as he was walking off the field of his last game. Giants won the Superbowl the next year.
Her delivery is simultaneously very endearing and slightly hard to hear. 
Raising 2 kids right now who are a bit older than the boys in this video and can confirm is 90% fighting and 90% pure love. My youngest has declared he wants his sister dead then ask her to please sleep in his bed in the same sentence.
[Toni Braxton claimed her autistic son was a punishment from God for having an abortion](https://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2014/05/toni-braxton-thinks-god-punished-her-for-getting-an-abortion-by-giving-her-son-autism/371518/). She also claims his autism has been cured so she's just full of magical thinking.
[Deficit to GDP since 1977 for your amusement](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/fredgraph.png?g=jF2m).
The spending bill came after the tax bill and they didn't cut anything and increased a few things.  That was never really the intent either. It is Republican dogma that tax cuts pay for themselves via increased growth. Here's Trump's newly appointed chief economist on the subject:

> [A recent Tax Foundation analysis from Scott Hodge notes that even the low-ball Joint Committee on Taxation agrees that the tax cuts pay for themselves. How? More GDP will be generated than revenues lost to the Treasury. For every $1 lost, the tax cuts produce roughly $1.90 in additional GDP.](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/12/23/kudlow-with-this-tax-cut-trump-and-the-gop-are-on-the-side-of-the-growth-angels.html)

He's made many [spectacularly wrong predictions in the past](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/larry-kudlow-may-have-been-more-wrong-about-the-economy-than-anyone-alive/2018/03/14/a98f2292-27ce-11e8-b79d-f3d931db7f68_story.html?noredirect=on&utm_term=.d1897796301e). Same goes for his buddies Art Laffer and Stephen Moore. They are pretty much always wrong, but they say what Republicans want to hear.
They were already rescued by an unnamed partner.
They are super cranky without Dr Ambien to help them sleep.
That Jewish lady made a joke about what a lecherous pig our president is and am I appalled at her lack of decorum.
I think Ant Man might be the first Marvel movie to graduate from art house fair to mainstream success and finally earn some money for Disney.
Great for depth but Newman is the team's future.
If we're all in on winning with Eli, then we might as well target some solid vets on short-term deals. In two years, we may be rebuilding, but this season we are going for broke.
Reince Priebus, Sean Spicer, Mooch, Flynn, Giuliani are all still going to bat for Trump in the media after he chewed them up and spit them out. Rex and HR seem like they want nothing to do with anything any more. The obsequious party loyalty seems to take precedence over being honest. Our best source of inside info is fucking Sam Nunberg.
Guy we drafted in the 3rd round this week. Forgot his name, but I assume he'll break Reggie White's sack record.
LT and Ware were 3-4 OLBs, no? Not technically DEs even they lined up on the edge very frequently.
I love Strahan, but Favre talked to Strahan before the play and deliberately called the wrong protection so he'd be unblocked.
I love this movie. A masterpiece of the horror-comedy genre.
That's pretty flimsy. Side note, Trump was upset with that reporter for calling out one of his hateful lies that Muslims in New Jersey were celebrating 9/11.
I'll go further and say that if the Colts had traded their #1 pick and kept Manning, they'd have won a Superbowl since then.
Michelle Wolf went way over the line when she called out John McCain and said she "liked guys who weren't captured". Saying shit like that should automatically preclude you from ever speaking in public again. Oh wait.
Good. Donations mean access, not quid pro quo. At least not for most politicians.
Nassau is for people who need city jobs but don't want to be near people that aren't white.
NYC has absorbed more Islamic terrorism than anyplace else in America and we voted overwhelmingly against Bush and Trump.
They can be fermented into wine and brewed into tea. Dandelion tea is good for insulin levels. My in-laws drink both.
Per the video, it was some sort of road rage. He was chasing another car and making threats. That part was all before the arrest started. That was not recorded, but Marrow already stipulated it was true.
True fact, they usually won't remove old kidneys if they are at least minimally functional. Recipients will end with 3 kidneys. There are people who needed a second transplant and end up with 4.
My guess is they had no formal QA or a rubber stamp QA process that no one was watching.
Those console errors look like Tealium tag manager. I wonder why they're even messing around with analytics right now. It's also a pretty huge fail that they're bubbling up server errors to users. Aside from being gibberish, it's a security hole. It seems like they just had 0 quality control.
This is in response to [this case pending with the FEC](https://www.npr.org/2018/04/22/604339101/if-a-parents-day-job-is-running-for-congress-can-the-campaign-pay-for-child-care). A Dem running to unseat Peter King in NY-2 has 2 young kids and needs childcare while she's campaiging.
I think that when she keeps her message consistent even when her political career is over while Donald Trump resigns in disgrace to go face some criminal trials, the country is going to look at how they treated Hillary and feel a lot of shame.
I'm more interested in the months leading up. How many Cassandras were yelling that the system wasn't ready?
Canada is technically our intellectual property.
They like it the most.
You could do a great super cut of movie pilots yelling. 
Petty and Hackenburg are going to finish ther careers with the team that drafted them.
The TLC and the city are to blame. They controlled the supply of medallions by fiat and set the limit way, way too low and created that ridiculously inflated price then cut them off at the knees by allowed rideshare companies to operate. Not exactly price controls because they were auctioned, but same effect. It's terrible policy.
Sanchez is neither a journeyman, not has he ever had a great year.
The Jets have had great years out of Josh McCown, Ryan Fitzpatrick and Vinny Testaverde. It's a fountain of youth for journeymen.
What do they teach kids in schools these days? [Watch and learn](https://youtu.be/mDUIGvpDolw). This bit is at least 20 years old, but its become a meme factory recently. There's a bunch of recuts on YouTube.
Everything north of 14th St.
Points for the original title when this was [posted 4 years ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/breathinginformation/comments/1nomgp/frank_gore_shits_himself/).
I've never seen anything like it and I've worked at some uptight businesses. I can imagine they don't want you to take *their* ideas and copy them and poach customers. I don't see how anything else is remotely defensible or could hold up in court.
> This deeply religious ceremony signifying this boy's transition to manhood is now going to be all about me instead
Just an abortion. Nothing unforgivable. Like a tan suit. Or being non-white.
And never, ever speak of it publicly.
During the Comey bit, the dorky guy actually tried to correct him that Comey's leak was not classified, but Trump wasn't having it. Of course, Trump is wrong.
> I'm guilty

 * Jill Stein today
I hope his business cards say Special Master. Or perhaps Special Master of the Magisterium.
He praised Kanye for Kanye saying he and Trump both have "dragon energy".
He can defend himself, just not via testimony. He can still call other witnesses or enter other evidence.
He can't spend it on non-campaign expenses. So long as his candidacy is technically viable, he can spend on a pretty broad range of things including his legal defense. If it's not viable, he can donate it to other campaigns, refund it or embezzle it. One of those options isn't really legal.
I thought these were 100% CGI. TIL.
Joe Namath on The Simpsons was pretty solid.
// Toto: Africa
I'm not super into anime but I know the classics. Miyazaki, anything else from Studio Ghibli and anything by Satoshi Kon are treasures irrespective of genre. Tokyo Godfathers doesn't get enough love. 
Their goal isn't leverage on Trump, it's to weaken America. Once Trump is toast, they may release it just to make Americans despair even further.
He isn't used to having his words dissected. It somehow didn't cost him the election but it's cost him court decisions and could end his presidency pretty soon.
For a lead actor, he likely got points which means he rich af already. This info rarely is made public, but it's a safe bet. He prob signed a deal for all the movies they need him for up front.
He talked normal in Arrival.
Whitaker is actually half Wakandan so he gets a pass.
The remains of Malcolm Butler.
We should really celebrate that he said "homosexual" instead of using a slur. Progress!
If you can't solve corruption, the next best thing is bribe them to support your causes.
This is the best one
> witnesses don't "lawyer up".

Have you seen someone give testimony to Congress and have someone sit next to them? That's a lawyer. You know who argues material witness warrants? Lawyers. Who advises you when an answer could jeopardize you indirectly, lawyer. Will your testimony be met with vindictive prosecution by a billionaire president? Get a lawyer.
This actually happened years ago in NYC. It's buried in Google under the recent  terrorist attack, but there was another incident of a guy driving his car on the sidewalk to kill people maybe 7 or 8 years ago. And it was some loser from New Jersey who got dumped or something.
There are 70M more men than women in China and India. They will face an incel apocalypse pretty soon.
Every time he learns something, that means the information didn't exist in the world prior to him hearing it for the first time.
I don't know what to do about Syria but I expect something better from our president. This was just rambling equivocation. The kind of weak-kneed nonsense his supporters should hate.
Allow me to translate what he really meant:

> Kim Jong Un said nice things about me.
Kim is very wise and inscrutable. Also good at math.
Hillary did an interview with Fox years ago where she very sincerely laughed out loud at every moronic question she got from a young, earnest reporter. I haven't found the clip, but it was pure gold. The guy was dying inside but kept going.
Nobody can really say for certain what makes a society mysterious.
Having listened to my MIL describe her mother being executed while she watched and then tossed in an orphanage when her aunts and uncles refused to take her in, I can tell you that it's best to just talk about it. A teenager can handle it and they will be glad to know that after all that horror, you came out ok and took care of your child with love and devotion that you never had.
Absolutely. He is worth at least a third. In fact, no one would be calling for his head if we had drafted him in the third. He hasn't lived up to his first-round price tag, but he's been ok. People overestimate the quality of an average T. There's plenty worse out there and we'd probably end up with worse if we got rid of him.
I sense a plot to destroy the Jedi.
If Nixon got one, all of them will.
He also [groped a bunch of girls](http://time.com/5019182/george-hw-bush-groping-allegation/).
I think that for 2019, Nick Foles is a drop-in replace for Eli. Wildly inconsistent, Superbowl heroics, complete doofus. The total package.
And with the 3th pick in the 2018 NFL draft, the New York Jets select Fullback ***OOHHHHHHHOOOOHHHAEEWWW***
Like our current ambassador to the UK, Woody Johnson?
Pence is wearing a wire that he has nicknamed Line of Succession.
GOP: We demand Hillary testify under oath and on camera!

Hillary: Ok.
They don't need to be mutually exclusive. Besides, I would gladly help someone I like get a job at my place even if I'm not going to invite them to my wedding. That's what LinkedIn friends are for.
Major internet companies should form suicide pacts. Block one of us, and the rest of will block you.
Michael Cohen?
The standard lib has improved a lot. I think you still see a ton of code using java.io where java.nio has vastly superior APIs.
I mean, people don't want war, but a substantial percentage would rather the other side just drop dead.
It was 6am.
Does the MTA ever publish reports on work in progress? The Clark St tunnel has been closed on weekends for a year and it still lists the reopening as "Spring 2018". I'm wondering if it will actually happen any time soon. 
> hidden in a park

For the record, Prospect Park gets tens of thousands of daily visitors and he did this off of a main jogging path at 6am. Lots of people would have seen him or the immediate aftermath.
It's easy to lie about things that no one will ever find out. Trump's ability to lie about things that are patently lies and everyone knows are lies is true art.
Comey, like Mueller, is a lifelong Republican and both served in the GWB administration. That Fusion GPS was funded by the Hillary campaign and previously by a conservative group was never kept a secret, not that it was relevant to their conversations. Both were concerned with how it might hurt the presidency if it got out. Comey hadn't authenticated anything in the doc and wasn't actively investigating. It didn't come to the forefront until the Mueller investigation began and they most definitely disclosed the funders of the research which was still irrelevant to whether or not it was accurate.
His only instinct is to tell people what they want to hear and somehow compartmentalize it to be completely true in the moment he's saying it.
This is Trump's magical power. He's a liar of utterly unsurpassed ability. Watching him talk at the debates was really breathtaking. He could speak endlessly without pausing, stammering or slowing and no matter whether he had any idea what he was saying, he never for a moment doubted that he wasn't saying the most brilliant thing the audience had ever heard. His self-regard is like nothing I've ever seen.
I can see how people are disappointed that their #4 pick isn't an elite receiver, but he's still moderately studly and worth every penny of his contract.
I had to rewatch to get that these people were Asian. The only visible face on that one person is a complete blur.
What makes Belichick the best isn't that he liked running a lot of plays from shotgun, it's that he sets his scheme to his players and not the other way around. It's something that is still very rare even today. Belichick just looked at his team and said "Brady should throw to Moss as often as possible" which seems like an obvious thing to think, but he was the guy willing to rewrite his playbook to make it happen. Same way he went to double TE sets when he had Gronk and Hernandez. Most teams would have just traded Hernandez to fill some other gap. Ditto for when he opted to let Lawrence Taylor freelance at OLB because it's what let him play to his potential. Last year's playbook means nothing with this year's team.

The Giants right now are shedding D-line talent so they can run a 3-4 because that's what the new DC likes and it drives me fucking crazy.
Nate Solder is our best option.
That's hyperbole. He has underperformed his 1st round potential, but he's been ok. He's at least average.
You call them blasted younglings even though they were obviously cut down by a lightsaber?
Yeah, but you're normal people. Trump has probably informed all of his wives upfront that he had no intention of being faithful. You don't become an old billionaire's third wife with expectations of loving devotion.
Manafort is 69 and looking at decades in prison if he's found guilty. A plea deal would have to be a huge reduction to be worth his while. Or at least preserver some assets for his children. Even a 5 year sentence could mean he dies in jail.
Nunberg 2020!
> I like guys who weren't captured

 * Trump on John McCain, July 2015
Tizen is like a 9th tier platform. You won't find more than a tiny handful of people working with it outside of Samsung. I'm not sure what your app is expected to do, but you'll likely have more luck choosing a more popular platform that can target Tizen devices like Apache Cordova (WebView based) or maybe Unity.
Should have thrown Cappy and then bounced off of him.
On his famous destruction of Laron Landry, Landry got blasted into the 8th dimension, but also got a finger on his sock which actually brought him down.
They'll use the second on a project punter.
Fire him one day before qualifying for pension.
Have you met our QB? He beat Brady twice while simultaneously wishing he was home with his Legos. Bless him all the way to Canton, but he isn't a killer.
Read the blog. The tiled hut and kilns are at his old property. He hasn't built one at his new spot yet. Besides, he isn't necessarily progressing to anything. It's all just interesting ways of building.
Don't go. If you're not having fun and people give you a hard time, just send a gift and stay home with your kids. I really wish no one had come to my wedding. 
Duh.
> Hollywood is a fucked up place with fucked up people

It's almost as bad as everyplace else.
I don't fuck around anymore. My whole family is wearing wrist-length rashguards and wide-brimmed hats. It's actually way more comfortable and covers up the fact that my 6-pack has turned into a cask.
His mental gymnastics are really impressive for someone so out of shape.
We are finally going to get some fucking justice.
Foles has shown that his ceiling is MVP-level, but has also had really long dry spells. I get the impression, that his biggest shortcoming is lack of killer instinct. Same reason he'll be content to collect the salary of an elite backup QB and retire a wealthy man with no brain damage.
They've been selling the same plan for 40 years. We know very well what it does.
[He is obsessed with Haberman](https://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/a-conversation-with-maggie-haberman-trumps-favorite-foe) and has been since she was working for local NYC papers long before he ran for president. He also seems to love insulting her, then spending hours telling her everything.
Career fair at school. You need to get into a big corp with a mature tech practice that can afford to train. Banks are actually good for this. I have no idea how they sift through thousands of resumes. Maybe try networking a bit until you make a friend that can get a referral bonus.
To be fair, I never hire grads. 
I have interviewed dozens of devs in my career. Maybe half have portfolio sites, but the percentage has been steadily increasing. It has never really influenced my hiring decision. Ditto with GitHub repos. Unless you're in the <1% of people who has built something that people actually use, I don't see the point of telling me you typed up a Ruby on Rails tutorial.
How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time.
Frustration free packaging is miraculous.
SHS says his tweets are official policy.
> The problem is that the Jewish religion and the Jewish culture

Jewish culture is thoroughly embedded in American culture. Jews invented sarcasm and pop music. Despite being 100% ethnically Ashkenazi, I don't think there's anything culturally Jewish about my life or my kids's lives that isn't part of the mainstream. What we consider to be Jewish cuisine is really just variations on Eastern European cooking. The only real trademark of Jewish religious culture is matzo and, by extension, matzo ball soup.
I believe the Jebusites were Christian because they were followers of Jebus.
I've been to a smaller Chinese zoo and it gets worse. A lot of zoos are just farms for harvesting their literal snake oil remedies. Bears have their paws cut off and are kept alive so their bile can be collected periodically. It's sickening.
Comey was saying this is based on information that's already in the public record. I'm not sure what memos he was referring to and if we didn't already know this somehow?
Goodell: "Fullback...."

Crowd: "GAAAAAHAHHAHHARGH!"
NFL in general. I don't mean like Jerry Rice great. More like top 40ish all-time. 
I think that aside from Nunes and a few other true believers, the GOP still just want Trump to go away in time for them to field someone else for president in 2020. 
It's possible they never met and Putin just like sent him a postcard one day that said "Russia has some of the most beautiful hookers" just apropos of nothing.
So long as it's illegal at the federal level, it's illegal everywhere. 
I had him pegged as all-time great. He had the skill, attitude and ethic of a guy who could have a 10,000+ yard career. Heart-breaking to see his career cut short.
It's scripted. Like the games.
That girl is maybe 9 or so.
Just when you thought politics had reached a low point, now they're domain squatting too.
How is it a coup if they won all the elections? This is just a propaganda campaign. Same as ever.
You're a better lawyer than Michael Cohen, it seems.
The word murder was stereotyping, insulting and didn't address the actual criticism of the OP at all.
I have sidestepped the whole issue and now my whole family will just wear long-sleeve rash guards and hats at the beach. Max spf, never washes off, doesn't smell funny, saves money. Win-win-win.
If I were a republican lawmaker, I'd turn to drugs too.
I have a BA in CS which is pretty unique and I have not been unemployed a single time in 20 years. Once you get 2 years experience or so, no one cares which college you attended.
Fake news! That isn't the guy I hired!
You forgot neocon to isolationist in just 8 years.
Pi is just a computer. Labo includes lots of sensors as well and a hi-res touchscreen.
I've also cooked the sauce with pasta water when I was out of milk and it was pretty nice.
>Americans who just can't get enough of violent crime and drugs

Criminals are criminals and violence is never acceptable. Organized crime usually springs up to fill a vacuum left by absence of government authority. Immigrants groups don't believe they'll get protection from police, so they have no choice but to rely on protection from gangs. Gangs earn money by selling drugs because it's not legal and yes, there most definitely is a huge demand for it. If you want less gang violence, offer public services to immigrants and run programs to decrease substance abuse and dependence. So long as people want drugs, drugs will be sold and the users and sellers will, by definition, be criminals.
Illegal immigration is a contrived law. We set immigration quotas arbitrarily. There's a huge unmet demand for cheap labor that they are filling. The argument isn't that they didn't break the law, it's that the law is insufficient. I doubt we'd all be cheering if federal agents were raiding the homes of every suspected pot smoker in New York.
If you query for fewer than 5 attempts, a bunch more names show up. Tony Gonzalez has more catches than Witten and 2 career rush attempts.
I have instructed my family to feed my corpse to wolves.
Factoid: [Witten has the most career receptions ever for a player with 0 rushing attempts](http://pfref.com/tiny/kzmPb).
His production is dropping steadily. Only 560 yards last year. Last 1000 yard season was 2012. I think he is clearly not a great player anymore, but still good and on a downward trajectory. He can walk off the field and straight to Canton, but it's going to be sooner rather than later.
Aside from tax cuts, George W Bush would be completely out of alignment with Donald Trump. Not that I miss him or anything, just to illustrate that GOP policy is completely flexible and reactionary. Pander on everything you can, then cut taxes for your donors. 
Are you expecting? Your baby likely won't sleep in a crib at first. You'd need a bassinet or co-sleeper. Mine like her bouncy seat more and occasionally the car seat placed on the floor. Crib isn't necessary until they can pull themselves to standing which will be at least 6 months. And then the crib itself is no longer useful once they can climb out which may be 18-24 months, so it's a limited window. I just got the Ikea Leksvik which converts to a toddler bed and we used it for several years.
Cardio B was 4 when that episode aired.
I'm still upset Beyonce bailed on Destiny's Child.
Mine is coming Friday and I'm psyched.
I slipped and broke my shoulder on my way to work one day and kept going and got to my office. It hurt plenty but was not nearly as painful as you'd expect. I thought it was just a sprain, but decided to leave work and get an x-ray. Was back the next day with a sling.
Cohen bet his whole career on loyalty to Trump and when Trump publicly denied knowledge of the NDA with Stormy, it was a massive fuck you to Cohen. I'll bet Cohen has seen Trump fuck over hundreds of people and knows what comes next.
Trump doesn't even drink coffee.
America has had multiple golden opportunities to wrest control away and have opted not to. Trump told us he would cut top margins and capital gains rates and the people who benefit the least from that policy cheered for him and called his opponent and elitist.
President Roy Moore.
I only noticed him getting beat in coverage.
I still do the arm twisting bit he did on Carson for my kids. Works every time.
I think copypasta a comment that had gold, the gold copies too.
I think she's playing a game where she says stuff without getting it cleared just to be on record as having a public position. Trump won't care so long as she doesn't go on Fox news or embarrass him. She's just using this job to increase her national profile.
Miles was consistently terrible yet got a ton of snaps for some reason. He's also very scary looking.
Working at a boring job during the dotcom recession instead of getting a master's.
This is great! Even better than the gentle souls who leave half-empty coffees on the platform for others to drink.
I'm so impressed by people who do this. When you're up against a wall of cultural inertia, all you want to do is give up. It takes a really strong will to stand up for what you believe when no one else is.
I'm in Brooklyn. Last time I had an explicit conversation about religion with coworkers, everyone at the table said they were atheist.
It's not always your fault. Those readers can get dirty or damaged.
No, that's just a coincidence.  "Please swipe again" means it couldn't read your card. "Insufficient fare" means it did and you don't have money. 
Comey was deputy AG to John Ashcroft during the W Bush administration. He was Bush's acting AG for a while when  Ashcroft was hospitalized. And Mueller was director of the FBI at that time as well. Both are lifelong conservative Republicans but with a reputation for justice and ethics before politics.
> Price controls damage the market, especially for labor. But that doesn't stop anyone.

I don't know what you're referring to here. We don't do price controls on anything. We do some price manipulation on commodities that are deemed too valuable to subject to market risk. They aren't done with the intent of improving output, but rather guaranteeing accessibility.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions, but not their own facts. Republican economic policy is based on assumptions that are provably untrue. It doesn't matter how hard you believe that tax cuts pay for themselves. They don't. And I don't consider my disbelief to be a lack of sensitivity. Same for issues like climate change. 
This is the equivalent to ticketing a bunch of black people for jaywalking. Technically, no you're not supposed to jaywalk and you have no right to complain about getting a ticket, but that doesn't make it fair. It's the classic "you're not wrong, you're just an asshole".
The Starbucks nearest to me can't even keep hobos from setting up shop and we're 2 blocks from the police precinct.
Is any part of this actually illegal though? I mean, I get that he uses an LLC so it can't be directly traced back to Trump, but this isn't money laundering if the source of the money wasn't criminal. The Daniels payment could be construed as a campaign contribution, but it doesn't look like a slam dunk. Is there something else in play?

Edit: This was an honest question. I want all of these people to die in jail, but first we need charges that will actually stick.
He didn't give to some made-up charity that buys art for his friends or something. He's personally running the single most impactful non-profit maybe ever.
Yeah, but he really can't believe that. The DOJ had nothing to do with Iraq or any of that nonsense, but Comey was acting AG when Ashcroft was in the hospital and the Bush admin was trying to get their wildly invasive surveillance program approved. Comey told them no way, so Bush's counsel (Alberto Gonzalez) and Bush's Chief of Staff (Andrew Card) drove to the hospital in an effort to circumvent him. Comey got wind of it and raced to the hospital with then Director of the FBI, Robert Mueller to beat them to it. Bush eventually relented, but Comey knew he was running this program for at least months after being told it was illegal.

I'm sure Bush was cordial and polite and respectful in all his personal dealings and is someone who can at least be convinced to do the right thing if you hammer him hard enough. But that's a really low bar to set for ethical leadership.
Christians think they still have to apologize for Eve eating fruit.
[First thought I had NSFW](https://giphy.com/gifs/10Vt2n2FQAviUw)
You and I form a true dyad!
> Every week for 18 months since he won the election

What are you talking about? This behavior dates back to before even his candidacy. He was a very prominent birther for years. And he's been exactly this narcissistic in public since the 80s.
I don't use social media. And 99% of iPhone users are still searching with Google anyway.
I wasn't doing anything with it. I'm glad someone is finding a use for it. 
Honda could easily sell their cars for $100 but it still hasn't.
Google opted to not do business in China.
It was an amazingly durable library in a space where new stacks pop up on a weekly basis. It was relatively late to the game with YUI, ext, dojo but it shot to the top and stayed there for years. And it's really only been displaced by browsers implementing it's API natively. It's a a great case study in a tool that was designed just perfectly for the contemporary needs of its users.
They certainly don't have a monopoly, but they do have a very powerful market position. They dominate the affluent market meaning that any business that earns revenue directly off of digital channels is going to lean in on iOS first. Even sometimes prioritizing iOS native apps over web because Apple has pushed that on consumers through both marketing and by handicapping Chrome on iOS. Their position is less dominant than Microsoft was in the 90s, but they are still seeking to leverage their power in similar ways.
доброе утро
Comey was acting AG when John Ashcroft was in hospital and [had a famously ludicrous confrontation with Bush and Alberto Gonzalez over domestic spying](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/05/15/AR2007051500864.html) that he certainly took personally.
Apple will support privacy so long as they are not in the ads business and their competitors are. When China told Google to censor search results they said no and stopped operating there. When China told Apple they needed to host iCloud in China  so they could search it as needed they said ok.
I think it's more about status. 
I didn't say they suck. They're usually very good. But they're luxury products. I spent $300 on a brand new unlocked Android phone that does 90% of what an iPhone for less than half the price. And as a developer I strongly resent the fact that iOS development can only be done on a Mac and you still have to pay $100/yr for the privilege. And OSX doesn't let you run it in a VM so it's not cloud-compatible.
That's an extremely broad question. Every client I've ever worked for had an enterprise auth system in place already that we had to work with. I'm guessing you're talking about small businesses? Firebase Auth is really good and easy to use. If they have the money though, Auth0 is much more robust product. Small businesses should not be sitting on any passwords they don't intend to keep secure.
I'm constantly surprised at the level of loyalty Apple gets from educated and tech-savvy consumers given their constant anti-consumer policies. High prices, proprietary hardware, proprietary software, reluctance to join open standards.
I've actually heard this from Chicago people. They say the '85 team was owned by Buddy Ryan and Ditka was along for the ride. That hardly qualifies him as worst though. Maybe just overrated.
I get it, but that's an insult to anyone who remembers Rich Kotite.
> I can no longer sit back and allow Globalist infiltration, Globalist indoctrination, Globalist subversion, and the international Globalist conspiracy to sap and impurify all of our precious bodily fluids.

 * Alex Jones
I think people get bent out of shape over Cuomo. He's a big disappointment, but things could be way worse. Pataki didn't lift a finger for the city.
Mario Cuomo was a legend. That's how Andrew got elected.
I know money can influence elections but what can you do about voters voting against their own interests? When candidates pledge to cut capital gains tax and bust unions and the crowd cheers for more it's not really a conspiracy. It's right out in the open.
That actually worries me a bit. That's some serious magical thinking.
Whenever I give one of my kids my phone to play with, the first thing I do afterwards is reach in my pocket for my phone.
That was a real watchpeopledieinside kinda moment.
The breaking of those kids is so hard to watch.
I robs drug dealers.
It used to be a friendly place.
Capcom is Japanese.
[Oh, it's Canon](https://youtu.be/YzICWIkNiqo).
Favorite might be the wrong word. Ziggy and Carcetti are guys you're supposed to hate and they were perfect in their roles. 
It's called the Downasaur.
Trump's opinions expire after about 6 hours.
You think he can rebound with a more amenable QB or is he is just in decline? He didn't seem to be winning jump balls like he used to.
There was a very, very easy choice. 
Am I wrong to feel kinda sickened by both of them? Breeding living creatures for looks to maximize profit seems less than ethical.
[Fox and Friends told him to do it](https://thinkprogress.org/fox-friends-trump-bomb-syria-distract-from-comey-88f5fe915386/).
Mark my words, before this is over he will be represented by Scott Pruitt.
And she'd join TPP and be under investigation by the FBI. 
I'll withhold judgement until he stands next to a stack of papers.
Also, he can't possibly ruin Armageddon any more than the cast and writers already did.
Libby leaked classified I about an agent who's husband proves they lied about WMDs. Trump has professed to have hated the Iraq War and leaking.
The Hamptons is like 100 miles from the city. Suffolk County is a mix of upscale and down. There are some cheap places to live.
GDP +3%

Deficit +50%
Weren't the IP laws our price for joining? Joining it as-is would just be giving away the farm, pun intended.
Most modern browsers will block embedded Java by default and I doubt any real software has been written this way in many years. Some IT departments are running really, really old software. Last time I saw a dev team considering writing an applet for business software was maybe 2003.
Jessie Armstead. Maybe the fastest LB I ever saw. 4 All-Pros, 5 Pro Bowls.
New phone, who piss?
Probably a standard form and he carries a dozen copies with him at all times.
He endorsed TPP today.
This was written by an investment advisor. He didn't advocate letting people die. He's just observing that these will cease to be profitable. If you're an advocate for publicly funded medical research, you'd use this as exhibit A.
We'd be in this situation with or without profit motive. Profitable treatments save lives. Unprofitable ones do too. They're not withholding treatment. This article is pointing out objective fact that pharma business will cease to be profitable as cures become too effective so don't invest in them.
Have you seen Ran (1984)? The final battle is basically this and it's utterly epic.
2 years ago, everyone on Reddit *knew* it was a horrible deal and the worst thing that could happen to America and so Trump was next best option after Bernie.
https://gridbyexample.com

The woman narrating is like the David Attenborough of CSS.
March 11th was code. 
If Jarvis wasn't Odell's best friend before, he is now.
There' s a lot of avenues available. I know a lot of ex-programmers who moved into project or product management. Product management in particular is pretty hot these days and tech background is a big plus.
If a tantrum ends in a nap, the tantrum was likely caused by fatigue.
What is the GDP forecast? This number doesn't mean much unless it's given as percentage of GDP.

EDIT: Looks like it will $19.5T or so, so deficit-to-GDP will be over 5% from about 3.3% for 2017.
That was a long way to go. Would have been an epic bomb if those kids weren't good sports.
[Office](https://youtu.be/gk9C1ukV-EM).
The model too. That's her face on that truck.
Is that actually different from what he used to do?
On Instagram. I didn't see the original post and this sounded creepy out of context.
He was given the last word and he probably had it planned. That's like home field advantage and bribed refs.
I wonder if Zamunda has good relations with Wakanda or if they're rivals.
> Obama’s 2008 lead paid political team worked the same election

For the other guy. The guy who got poisoned. Much like this case, we can't prove who poisoned him but everyone knows.
He's also mansplaining the process. She obviously knows she's supposed to catch it.
Mueller has been running an amazingly tight ship while Avenatti is trying his case on cable news. Trump's Achilles heel is cable news.
Playing Trump and Lincoln would solidify him as having the greatest acting range of all time.
> the rest is you guessing

This is based on extensive media reports. That Manafort and Gates were in deep with Russia was not a secret even when they joined the campaign. He spent years working for an utterly corrupt politician in Ukraine with Kremlin support. I was gonna smacked this guy got within a mile of American candidate let alone presidential campaign manager. What exactly he did on behalf of Russia and how much Trump knew is not entirely known but with Manafort facing a massive indictment and Gates cooperating it will all come out soon.

Papadopoulos has been quiet publicly but we have reports from all over saying what he was up to and some indicating that the campaign team were well aware and encouraging. He's not charged with more than obstruction because he's cooperating. 

And, then there's Junior. Who straight up confessed to the media that he sought stolen emails from Russia and did it at Trump Tower. Is Trump Sr directly implicated? No. But it's ludicrous to believe he was so ignorant of all this.

While you can say there's no evidence entered into the public record in a court of law directly tying Trump to Russia, at this point it beggar's belief to say it's not obviously true.
> I just have some... questions that I was gonna ask. Umm, who do you think you are?

> I'm Toby.

> Yeah. Correct. Umm... What gives... What... What gives you the right?
Not all turnstiles are the same. There was a time that the Ciinton-Washington C train entrance north of Fulton had a single gate and it took 30 swipes to get in for even experienced swipers. There was a line up the stairs to get in. No one worried too much because we knew the train wasn't coming any time soon.
That's some very careful parsing and it's still not really correct. Several indictments for lesser charges were given because the defendants are cooperating in exchange for not being charged with more serious crimes. Papadopolous in particular is charged with lying about cultivating contacts with Russia on behalf of the administration. Flynn also is charged with lying about meeting with Russia and was cooperating. Secondly, a dozen Russian nationals were indicted. Third, the list of indictments against Manafort draw a direct line back to Russia via his work for Yanukovych in Ukraine. Fourth, Mueller is definitely not done serving indictments and isn't going to indict Trump or any member of his family until he's got overwhelming evidence signed, sealed and delivered. 
He's party to the NDA with Daniels. If he really has no idea about it, the NDA is nullified and Cohen signed his client's name without his knowledge. 
His tweets are official policy *unless* he was just joking. A tweet may also become a joke retroactively if he changes his mind or it results in an indictment. What's so hard to understand?
When charges against Trump go to the SC and the deciding vote is cast by Neil Gorsuch, we're down to democracy by pitchfork.
That seems very unlikely. A judge granted a no-knock warrant to a Trump-appointed US Attorney to raid the sitting president's lawyer. As has been speculated in the media, while the standard is technically still just probable cause, in reality this would require a substantial amount of evidence. It's entirely possibly they already have enough to indict Cohen on something and are seeking to understand the breadth and depth of his dirty dealings.
Explain how putting an HDD platter on the cup holder could recover data? 
[China imports over $100B in US goods](https://ustr.gov/countries-regions/china-mongolia-taiwan/peoples-republic-china). We also have a trade surplus with China in services.
Emojis on bad memes are like a laugh track on a bad sitcom.
Eli Manning. And Philip Rivers for that matter. Rivers throws like he scared the ball has bugs on it and has 50,000 career yards. And what can I possibly say about Eli. King of the Dorks with 2 Superbowl MVPs. They went 1 and 2 in the draft.
Sanchez notoriously needed remedial decision-making help in his days as a Jet. Rumor was that Tony Richardson was running huddles for him.
MetroTech looks like Midtown now. And Dumbo is choked with tourists.
These are all related to Russia and are one degree of separation from DJT. If any of them say he was aware, then there's conspiracy. Exactly what crime they pin is not clear. "Collusion" isn't a crime. It would be some sort of campaign finance abuse.
This bit is also misquoted all the time:

> Vader: If only you knew the power of the Dark Side. Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father.

> Luke: He told me enough! He told me you killed him!

> Vader: Impressive. Every word in that sentence was wrong.
Almost dead? The Manafort trial is coming up. Gates is cooperating. We have reports that they know Prince lied about Seychelles. We have reports that Sessions encouraged Papadapoulos to talk to Russia. We have a public confession that Trump Jr sought emails from Russia with Kushner and Manafort in the room. 
I ain't fighting this time. They can secede and come crawling back when they realize they can't live without NY and California.
US Attorney appointed by Trump requested and served the warrant.
Avenatti is doing Mueller's job and doing it faster.
It's very precedented. Nixon did it. He fired his AG and deputy and appointed a new guy to fire the Watergate prosecutor. His resignation didn't come for a further 9 months.
The last time a legitimate political execution happened by one American politician to another was when Aaron Burr killed Alexander Hamilton. We'll sooner have a Civil War. Read up on the Saturday Night Massacre to see why firing a prosecutor is troublesome.
I was a grownup before I realized that Montana Max was theheir of Yosemite Sam.

Also, there was a minor villain in Tiny Toons named [Ronald Grump](http://tinytoons.wikia.com/wiki/Ronald_Grump).
This was the guy who replaced Preet Bharara.
What I'm seeing is that Mueller handed evidence to the FBI and that this raid wasn't conducted by his office. I'm sure that's too fine of a distinction for the right-wing noise machine, but it also means that firing Mueller wouldn't end the investigation into Cohen. In that sense, it's a really savvy move because it's essentially opened a new front in the war.
Stormy Daniels is more powerful than Vladimir Putin today.
Trump already threw him under a bus by saying he had no knowledge of the payment to Daniels. That implied Cohen signed a contract (the NDA) without his consent. Cohen's entirely livelihood is based on loyalty to Trump and Trump repaid him with a knife in the back at the first opportunity he got.
If Darnold is taken #1, we trade the 2nd pick and Odell for 2 whole other drafts and a stadium.
Report: reports aren't credible.
Manafort is also in up to his eyeballs in fraud and corruption and is 69 years old. Even a plea deal at this point results in him dying in jail. He knows that all he can do is drag this on as long as possible, say absolutely nothing, and pray for a pardon.
Run defense. I always look at this as a Belichick masterpiece because he took the ball away from HoF QB and gave it to no-name RB because he knew it would win the game that day.
Same with drafting QBs at #1. People are just assuming he'll be the franchise for 15 years.
We know he doesn't and he'll be extremely keen to strike a deal and declare success as quickly as possible.
It didn't get a lot of press, but 90s hero Dave Megget is a convicted serial rapist.
I think the mods should permit one joke answer if it's just perfect.
Did he have a spot on Andrew Garfield impersonation?
The style of refueling in this video was done as far back as the 60s. This [episode of mst3k](http://mst3k.wikia.com/wiki/MST3K_612_-_The_Starfighters) was a 1964 movie dedicated entirely to mid-air refueling and the romance it brings.
Behind the Laughter said Springfield was in Kentucky but that is as much a part of the Canon as Armin Tamzarian.
[I was hoping for this one](https://media1.tenor.com/images/cb9ca525e03b1413dfb33c8a69381085/tenor.gif?itemid=4135808).
"Diamond" Joe Quimby.
I never played this one. Did the rocket car belong to Chester Lampwick and was it parked in front of his gold house?
No because every product comes off of a delivery truck whether or not it's good.
[Relevant Onion](https://sports.theonion.com/african-americans-go-from-being-no-good-at-sports-to-be-1819571226). 
My dad had a digital dash in a Nissan in maybe the mid 80s or early 90s. It looked really slick and had a button to switch from imperial to metric. He'd press it when I wasn't looking then point and say "look we're driving 110!" as a dad joke.
[This link](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/8akalp/you_can_purchase_steamed_clams_and_the_aurora/) was directly adjacent when I was on /r/all just now. I feel like if walked into my kitchen right now, I'd see an Aurora Borealis.
Resident Evil 2 on PlayStation really kicked off the jump scare genre. And without internet-driven game reviews, I was completely unprepared.
I assumed that Trump could not fire McMaster because it would be too embarrassing to lost 2 NSAs in a little over a year. I grossly overestimated Trump's level of shame. He doesn't care. He will fire Kelly and just not replace him. He doesn't need his cabinet to do anything but tell him how smart he is.
Eagles would be crazy to give up their second best QB.
Very underrated book by Kurt Vonnegut called Bluebeard. The protagonist is a very talented illustrator who desperately wants to be an true artist. He earns money do illustrations that he uses to support a group of artist friends who end up starting the abstract expressionist movement who repay him with paintings that end up making him super wealthy as they appreciate. No sci-fi at all, just a great story.
Penalties should be severe. Undocumented workers will never stop coming so long as there is demand. If you make the cost of hiring them too high, you won't need to deport anyone.
He'd also have a ring and be a lock for Canton.
This is better than Rashomon.
I really, really wish someone like Gary Cohn would publicly discuss this kind of thing. This guy burned a lot of bridges by joining the Trump admin thinking he could be a voice of reason and he failed miserably. He could win back some friends by just telling the world what we already know.
Don't forget all the allegations that led to Roger Ailes stepping down. And Bill O'Reilly. 
One thing I don't see mentioned much is censorship. [Google and Twitter](https://mobile.nytimes.com/2018/03/02/technology/china-technology-censorship-borders-expansion.html) and others are severely restricted from operating in China which gives domestic competitors like Baidu and Ali Baba an unfair advantage. That's a massive opportunity cost.
> first pardon

He pardoned Joe Arpaio already.
> violate attorney-client privilege

Which would mean what? Disbarment? Seems he's in checkmate right now.
He's probably conflating things he heard about the caravan into a narrative that suits his preformed opinion.
On the contrary, I think this is a plausible accusation and I immediately approve his extradition.
Injuries have really chewed him up, but he is low key red zone monster. He can't run any more, but he can still box out DBs in small spaces.
Is there another? That's Gary Oldman with the quality yelling.
Oracle bilked the State of Oregon out of $180M for a non-working healthcare exchange.

Here's a quote from [Oregon's lawsuit](http://www.oregon.gov/docs/082214_filing.pdf) against them:

> Not only were Oracle’s claims lies, Oracle’s work was abysmal. One developer experienced in Oracle products called Oracle’s programming “atrocious.” He added that
“they broke every single best practice that Oracle themselves have defined. It is one of the worst assessments I have performed * * *.” The same developer wrote to Oracle, “You are Oracle people, working on an Oracle hardware platform, with Oracle technology products, on an Oracle solution. * * * Oracle should be delivering these environments and products as a solution, like they actually understood the products and owned the solution which has not been the case by a long shot.” According to an independent quality assessment conducted in October 2013, Oracle’s “processes do not meet industry standards. Impact analysis, code
review, coding standards and proper parallel development techniques are ad hoc and inconsistently applied or understood.” Another assessment stated simply that “Oracle’s
performance is clearly lacking.” A former Oracle employee was more direct saying Oracle’s products were seemingly configured “by a kindergartner.” 
And most illegal immigrants arrive by plane.
sendeveryone.gif
That's true of all of these. React is just a JavaScript library. You can write react without JSX. 
I move for a bad court thingy.
The term you want is shibboleth.
I don't understand what you're trying to do. If you're app is in an iframe you can do cookie auth in the frame's sandbox. Are you trying to pass off or receive auth from the third-party? The container can pass credentials as POST params that you can validate via a backend call or something like that. Don't try to beat the browser's security model. It's there for a reason.
He's said different things. He specifically cited an increase in domestic steel production as a [national security issue.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/business/wp/2018/03/05/trump-says-steel-imports-are-a-threat-to-national-security-the-defense-industry-disagrees/)
These are both totally indefensible policies. Even from the most cynical point of view of a pro-business plutocrat they make no sense. They are both based on a heady mix of ignorance and spite.
You gonna act like Lego Ninjago was not a masterpiece?
Microsoft made some products that nobody wanted, but Oracle is just a fucking fraud or a company. True of a lot of the huge IT services firm. IBM, EDS, CG Federal. They invest heavily in their sales and legal teams and then the implementation teams are a thousand monkeys at a thousand typewriters. I remember when their DB was the shit and you couldn't run an enterprise without it. Now the whole business in powered by Larry Ellison's ego.
The sequence will go:

* Mueller unveils a saga of malfeasance

* Manafort tried and convicted

* Dems sweep mid-terms with promises to impeach

* Trump issues pardons for Manafort, Flynn then resigns citing his very unfair treatment

* Pence and Dem Congress are sworn in

* Javanka retreat to the wilderness

* Mueller is hamstrung by pardons and urgency is lost by resignation

* Trump maybe pleads to obstruction with no jail time and tells everyone that he won and goes home to his money and 4th wife
I doubt it. Pence can plead ignorance to most of this. Approving Flynn for NSA is the only thing he's on the hook for and it isn't a crime to ignore warnings. I don't see how Hatch or Ryan will be touched either. Pence would likely serve out the term and not stand for election in 2020.
There's still some great episodes and great moments post-prime. Even now it's a still pretty good even if it's a shell of it's former glory. 
I'm of the opinion that complicated playbooks are rarely a good idea even with a high-IQ passer.
I bet his daughter doesn't even care. If I told my kids I wrote Frozen they'd shrug and ask to watch Moana.
Sack Juan Bark Lee.
Veganism technically has nothing to do with animal cruelty, although it's a big reason for most of them. A lot of people now are turning vegan over environmental reasons.
The weirdest part is that her eyes are exactly the same in every photo. Like she's trying so hard to see who's looking at her from the internet and judge them.
This will push the mid-terms bluer and impeachment will hang in the air in November. Trump could resign by Christmas.
I don't think Pence is a loyalist. Trump won't leave behind much of a footprint. Pence would easily kick Javanka to the curb and probably replace whatever corporate nitwits like Wilbur Ross with traditional Republicans. Then he'll be inclined to let Trump hang and the party will not raise much of a stink either.
W3 is a better guide, MDN is a better reference.
Mine is playing staright up but she turned off alien attacks and pollution because she loves all creatures.
In parts of Asia, eating fertilized eggs with a developed fetus is a delicacy. It's called balut.
Putin has been tougher on Russia.
San Bernardino shooting was a husband and wife.
Hux has a bit of a last laugh moment in the rebel bunker when he is staring daggers at Kylo for letting the rebels escape while he got embarrassed by Uncle Luke.
He was tried as a juvenile. He was only 16.
Currently you're more likely to get arrested for exposing a vulnerability than for creating one.
just for comparison, Eli is 61-66 since 2009 which is only marginally better than Rivers, but that includes a Superbowl win. Higher highs and lower lows.
If you're not reliable, you're nothing. The scrap yard of wasted talent is littered with great athletes who can't catch.
My first thought was "why were they filming"? Unless they put security cameras a foot off the ground it makes no sense.
I think Marshall is done. I also think Engram is very overrated. He had some great moments, but was extremely unreliable.
If we trade OBJ we might as well draft a punter at #2 because he's going to be our busiest player.
April flurries bring May, uh, furries?
Exactly. For me it's been between 60 minutes and 4 months.
Is there not an official government channel to report this kind of thing? Through the FTC or even DOJ?
I kinda doubt they need those customers to survive. They can just stop delivering to those rural residents and put a message up on the site saying "Donald Trump has personally blocked us from delivering to your address out of spite. If you'd like service restored, please vote him out".
I think Rex got the last laugh when he recruited IK Enemkpali to Buffalo. That a was a real fuck you to Geno. And common decency.
[Every time I listen to him speak, this is what pops in my mind](https://media0.giphy.com/media/3orieUyda3QynAL8ek/giphy.gif).
Trump's list of presidential priorities in order of importance:

 * **1**  Whatever gets me attention.

That is all.
Watch with sound.
I have a microwave oven that cooks perfectly except the LCD display is totally dead. I reached out to the manufacturer to get a new board and they just directed me to repair shops. What are some resources/tutorials I can look at to fix it?
The secretary of the VA just got fired over that.
Geno was 12-19 as a starter. He's an excellent backup and credible emergency starter.
Kids though. I can respect people's personal lives and beliefs, but you can't take my kids to any church and when they ask about god(s) the answer is always that it's not real. Thankfully, it was never an issue with my wife.
Is this data at the street address level? Between downtown and midtown the density of office space is probably the highest in the world. There'd be no way to say what building anyone was going in to.
My kids prefer dark chocolate of their own choosing. I'm guessing this video is of unsweetened chocolate.
What even is that?
Fuck Alamo Drafthouse. Ban on talking, but waiters walk back and forth with plates of hot wings during the show. Their heads blocked subtitles during Rogue One and one walked through the Vader rampage. I'm still raging.

Conversely, I saw the last Patrick Stewart Star Trek at a theater with people yelling stuff during the show and it was the most fun I ever had at a theater. It's one thing for people to be distracting or abusive, but if you're all having fun as fans I think talking can be great.
I've lived in NYC for 20 years and never seen a gun that wasn't attached to a cop.
I mean, a guy did that. Most of us don't even own cars. Crimes happen, but crimes happen anyway. 
He had a Testaverdesque career and Vinny was chosen #1 overall.
We have no punter. Last year's guy is already released.
Most of the post-Katrina horror stories have been debunked. Aside from looting, there wasn't any widespread lawlessness.

I was in Brooklyn during the big 2003 blackout and absolutely nothing happened. People were incredibly neighborly and supportive.
He's gone after Amazon and Apple and is trying to stimulate the steel industry because he thinks it's the 1950s.
Already cut. He had a bad year was only so-so when he was at the top of his game.
You have to learn Roman numerals or you'll never know what year movies were made.
It's great for prototyping. Perfect even. The new Firestore DB is more like a straight-up NoSQL DB. Usable directly from a front-end or with Sprint Boot as an API layer. Loads of other services like authentication, analytics and static file hosting baked in as well. The free tier is ideal for prototypes, then $25/mo let's you scale up, then you can start moving into the Google Cloud platform.
You know we had slavey, a civil war, Watergate, internment camps, McCarthyism. This ain't our first rodeo. If we're an oligarchy now, what do you call Russia? The UN actually scores this stuff and we're a [respectable 8/10](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Index)
Not really. Nationalism and patriotism are part of every election on both sides. The kind of nationalism typical of true fascism is still much deeper and more pernicious than what we've seen in America. Trump is the worst yet and even he's well short of Mussolini or Ataturk. Same for everything on the list really. We're close than we've been in a long time, but still well short of actual tyranny. Someone like Putin would have had Mueller put out to Gulag a year ago, yet Trump is still powerless to stop him. For the moment, American democracy is still fully functional. We've been in way worse holes than this before.
His videos were getting millions of views so he bought his own property and has started posting more regularly (like once a month). There's like 5 hours of content total. He's got the perfect strategy. He never says a word so he can never offend anyone.
Comcast offers [low-cost internet and computers for students and seniors](https://www.internetessentials.com/). Ajit Pai is now worse than Comcast.
You think he's a Prime subscriber?
Primitive Technology made [one with a log](https://youtu.be/i9TdoO2OVaA?t=5m)
This game is so realistic you could have posted this as a news clip out of Florida and I wouldn't have doubted it.
Super Mario Odyssey.
There's actually a much older version usually paraphrased as 

> No battle plan ever survived an encounter with the enemy

By some Prussian general or something.
I see you've played knifey spoony before.
The thing that's always bothered me is that actions are stringly typed. Why can't it just be store.increment()? Maybe not hanging directly off the store, but something more direct than an object with a string.
My guess is that he doesn't know that they charge for their service.
Nunberg is too fat to be on coke. I don't buy it. Stone definitely. He has unnaturally smooth skin for someone so old. Coke and botox cocktail.
As much as I can't wait for all the shoes to drop, I'm also kinda enjoying this trickle of revelations.
> Basically Curtis Sliwa from NYC flew into Portland and went to war with Sheela ON THE RANCH to protest the dumping of homeless people

Holy shit. Please make sure this ends up on YouTube or something. Sliwa and Sheela are both epic egomaniacs.
I assume he will be working in the mail room shipping off DVDs.
He hasn't built anything in 20 years. He does branding and property management.
I think it's also made of tree bark.
There's a section in the Old Testament that recounts the lineage of Adam and Eve including ages at which people died which Biblical literalists have used to backdate the 6 days of creation to about 6000 years ago.
Where's that Drake meme. Kill Finn? Nah. Kill all the younglings? Yah.
And a really soft pop because we had a huge fiscal cushion.
When the story broke that a school resource officer had killed a shooter there were about 20 posts on t_d in a few hours. I don't know if they noticed the story got walked back and now they think the shooter killed himself. But for a brief moment they at least believed a shooting happened.
Thank for getting me fam.
You don't have great pizza, but have you ever been to the rest of the country? LA is at least above average.
I saw it in a theater as well. It's beautiful but the real difference is the sound. Moments of deafening klaxons and deafening silence. The airlock sequence is breathtaking (no pun intended).
Shulkin was actually an Obama appointment. Obama made him under secretary, Trump promoted him.
This new guy is the White House physician. He treated W Bush and Obama.
> while I do agree the propaganda HAS turned off voters for Hillary, I also think Hillary turned voters away from Hillary.

The two are not mutually exclusive. She definitely made plenty of mistakes. The email drama was overblown like crazy, but she really shouldn't have used that server regardless.
I disagree. I hate when meat is soft as baby food. It has to have some bite to it.
He's entire shit, not just a piece.
There cannoli be one.
They won't admit it, but Republican propaganda really damaged Hillary with liberals. It really pared down voter enthusiasm.
> As long as the penalties are not oppressive

They should ratchet up. You can chalk up 1 stolen gun to bad luck. 10 or 100 and you're either grossly irresponsible or trafficking.
I need someone to show me my place in all this.
[Staright from wiki](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Straw_purchase). Legal gun owner buys on behalf of someone who can't buy one themselves. Frequently dealers do this themselves. Buy from their own store, then give to someone for cash off the books.
John Adams specifically condoned the use of cannons on private merchant vessels to defend themselves from pirates. Privateers were used extensively in official military campaigns up to the early 19th century. They definitely intended people to use cannons under 2A.
Politically, it would be an absolute minefield. Logically, it's 200 years overdue.
If Trump wanted to go after China, he'd fight for them to stop censoring Google and Twitter. There's no tariff on the internet yet it's costing us billions in lost business.
I don't get why anyone is buying a tablet for education. Chromebook has been killing iPads specifically because it's a lightweight device with a full keyboard, trackpad and has standard USB and HDMI ports. I bought one for my kid that has what most of us would consider a terrible screen, but it's perfectly fine for what she's doing which is reading and typing.

I'll eat an HDMI cable before you get an entire elementary school's worth of teachers using AR apps effectively.
I'm old enough to have kids and none of us have ever heard of popcorn reading.
Registry doesn't need to be comprehensive. Whoever registered it last is responsible. All the way back to the manufacturer. If it disappears from the warehouse they're responsible. If it goes to a licensed dealer who does a straw purchase, the dealer is responsible. If the dealer does a background check on a buyer and the buyer sells it for cash in a parking lot, the buyer is responsible.
The gay rights movement was incredibly fast by historical standards. Trans rights came out of nowhere. Pot legalization is at a tipping point. It seems liberalism is moving at breakneck speed despite some major setbacks.
Gun laws have already been shut down on 2nd amendment grounds.
I propose making gun owners liable for their guns. Failure to secure your guns or willingness to sell them on the black market mean you bear responsibility if they are ever used in a crime. Punishment can be small for a first offense then escalate rapidly.
[Wisdom of the founders](https://youtu.be/fud3wM0mflk).
Elon Musk has a spaceship. If he wanted nukes he could make it happen.
The true NYC delicacy of the people is not pizza or bagels. It's falafel.
The 2nd amendment is a barrier to sensible gun control. It limits the ability of Congress or non-federal government from doing a lot of things. Repeal on it's own would not have any immediate effect, only open the door for new regulation.
2 1sts, 2 2nds and some of Marshall Faulk's frozen sperm.
Negotiating tactic.
> anyone with a modicum of experience 

Her opponent looks like she's maybe 9.
Meanwhile that other girl's neck is snapped.
DC vs Heller
The Giants also have a bajillion in cap space but would rather be spiteful that put good players on their roster. I'm still leaning towards this just being a negotiating tactic, but who knows.
Kids are kids. Parents are the ones that fucked up.
Just like when David Cameron quit as soon as the UK voted to leave the EU. Like a dog chasing a car. No idea what to do when he catches it.
Ukrainian prostitutes?
Secret video of Nigel Farage disparaging minorities.
We're going to need a special prosecutor to reveal the answer to this mystery.
Sure, but you could also sue for being the victim of retribution. I'm speaking in normative terms, not descriptive. Clearly players who protest are risking alienating not just owners, but also fans. In an ideal world, they would never be put in a situation where their job required a symbolic gesture of patriotism so they could run around with a ball.
You could also sue and win if your employer mandated standing for the national anthem before you did your job.
> politics at work is unprofessional

This would be a non-issue if the league didn't make teams stand for the national anthem. No one is protesting anything relevant to their work.
They could, but really every beat is still thousands of civilians. They probably know shop owners and busybodies, but most folks won't just start talking to cops for no good reason any more than we'd talk to any random stranger. I see beat cops in my neighborhood pretty frequently, but I don't know their names.
I don't get it. Are the spectators just left to assume they're dead? What would they lose by seeing them come up for air?
What if the captain hits the breaks the second she dives as a joke? Right into the propellers!
The worst part was that they served custard for dogs so sometimes you were waiting in line behind a very pampered dog.
Shake Shack is from NYC. The original location is the one in Madison Square Park. The line used to stretch around the block. That's when they started expanding all over the world.
This is the most insightful response to senseless snark I've seen on reddit.
Haniwa was this unbeatable creature in Final Fantasy Legend II.
It is very disrespectful to the lemon.
The etymology comes from card playing. To "tip your hand" means to literally tip your hand far enough over that other players can see what you're holding.
The cast of Black Panther were drinking Vitamin Water out of bottles that *weren't* BPA-free. Don't tell me movie making isn't dangerous.
Are we supposed to,be surprised that ads affect voters? Why do think they ran TV, radio, print ads for the last century?
Facebook ads are no different than TV, radio, print ads. The problem wasn't ads. It was the leaking of personal info without consent (a user could consent and FB would serve info of their friends also). And 2) is the astroturfing by fraudulent foreign actors.
So this is how democracy dies. To thunderous applause.
Olivier Vernon has been good, but we paid him all-pro money and everyone seemed to think it was a good deal. He had a stellar 8-game stretch in Miami when he was playing for a new contract. 

Not ours anymore but Weston Richburg regressed mightily after being a top player not too long ago. Probably injury related, but it may be his great year was the fluke.
While he may not deserve credit as some sort of genius, I think you underestimate how hard it is to find a coach fans will even consider decent. McCarthy doesn't walk on water but he's a top 10 coach easy.
I never install an app if the mobile site does what I need.
He was a pro bowler in 2012 and it's all downhill from there. If they needed and emergency backup, they could have picked any kid available and stashed him on the practice squad.
By "you can't have" I'm referring to my imaginary new gun control rules. Not the state of current technology. I'm aware that really powerful weapons exist. That's the whole point of this debate.
We can do more than one thing at a time. Idk how many mass shootings is acceptable to you, but zero is a good number for me. So long as *some* people are dying needlessly, I think that's enough cause for action. That gang-related homicide stat is not well-supported because there aren't authoritative data. And even if there were, I think fewer gang murders is a pretty good goal too.
You can't have long range and high rate of fire. Like a car that goes 200mph, but only holds 1 gallon of gas.
Bolt action is for hunting or sport shooting. If you really need range and power, you get the slowest action.

Revolvers can be fired a reloaded quickly with a trained shooter, but all things being equal, it's always slower than a semi-auto pistol. I'd be happy with a limit on magazine size to 8.
The Las Vegas shooter was able to get off 90 rounds in 10 seconds with an AR-15 and a bump stock. While I'm sure the gun enthusiasts will say it's not truly an automatic weapon the effect is the same. People should not be allowed to own weapons with a high rate of fire, high capacity or very long effective range. People can hunt with bolt-action rifles and protect their homes with small-caliber revolvers or pump-action shotguns. And you don't more than a few of anything.
The endgame is whatever leads to fewer people getting killed with guns.
How could you not [love this](https://media.giphy.com/media/26FL7FnCT9aI9gULK/giphy.gif)?
> Trump made statements about leaving his wife

I assume all of his wives knew they were rentals.
It says "No dogs or Chinese"
It could be him complaining about sharks in his underwear.
I have some *extremely* compromising video of Trump that should instantly disqualify him from ever holding public office. The videos are all of his planned public appearances and official statements and debate performances and interviews.
I always thought they could just swap every instance of "business" with "Christmas" and have an instant holiday classic.
Anti-gravity? So, I didn't mean to delve too deep into comic book physics, but how so those repulsors even work? If they're pushing things, they must be expelling particles which means they must have fuel. Same for his boot rockets. 
A standby mode that changes it's total mass? I'm saying the entire suit that is bulletproof, loaded with weapons, supersonic jet engines, sensors, high-powered computers, air filters/compressors maybe (how does he breathe in the stratosphere?), a zillion little servos and whatever else only weighs 10 or 15 pounds.
Automatic forfeit in all future matchups.
Or the fact that the entire suit is light enough for a spindly woman to pick up and throw it with very little effort.
I heard it as strangle. And this was maybe 1990 if not late 80s.
Sub-prime market is a huge bubble.
He looked like he was struggling after a few seconds of trying to dance.
Aural sex.
Also starts too late. I want to see the formation and pre-snap read that let this happen.
The Pharisees rejected the second temple as illegitimate from the beginning. They coalesced over a long period of time, but it was well before the 2nd temple was sacked.
The theme of [Fist of Fury](http://images5.fanpop.com/image/photos/26600000/flying-kick-bruce-lee-26691209-350-182.gif) was basically "Fuck Japan". Fist of Legend was a lot more conciliatory.
The accepted gospels of the New Testament was decided at the Council if Nicaea called by Emperor Constantine. There were dozens of other gospels that didn't make the cut.
Not the Pharisees.
Idk. Why does Mohammed apply to Muslims? Most of them follow Abu Bakr and a large minority consider that blasphemy. The worst ones follow al-Wahhab. 

Point is that everyone is a relativist. The sickness of modern Islam is rooted in modern problems. I live in a place with a large minority of Muslims. Some walk around in hijabs. Some drink and smoke and only act pious during holidays. It's always up to the individual, the family, the culture. History and dogma are not the whole story.
You just explained in long form the same thing I said. The key phrase is "after Jesus' death". Jesus never said it was ok. He wanted his followers to keep kosher and marry their brother's widows and all that stuff we don't like anymore.
I think this goes for 99% of religious adherents. Did you know there are [613 commandments](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/613_commandments)? Jesus himself almost certainly wanted his followers to obey Jewish law and St Paul just said "no one likes the circumcision part" and it was downhill from there.
People just can't stop making the same mistake. Trump doesn't support LGBT rights of any kind. He doesn't oppose them either. He doesn't care at all what happens anywhere that isn't in his immediate field of vision at the time he is thinking about it.
I think a lot of them realized their mistake a long time ago, but have been waiting for an acceptable cover story to abandon him.
There's no indication from this article that Joshua did anything wrong. In fact, I'd reckon it's the Qataris playing games to get leverage on Jared.
Charles Kushner served jail time for campaign finance fraud years ago. Convicted by Chris Christie no less.
He owns a VC firm and is an avowed liberal.
Seemingly because Nix, the CEO, was a foreign national.
Tom Coughlin could break into my house, use the bathroom, eat my cereal and leave without saying a word and I wouldn't say anything except maybe "thank you, come again".
I'd rather he serve out his term and win reelection than have there be a video of him having sex in the universe.
[WaPo is reporting that campaign officials gave an official thumbs up to George Papadopolous to talk to Russia](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/you-should-do-it-trump-officials-encouraged-george-papadopouloss-foreign-outreach-documents-show/2018/03/23/2dae8c8e-2d38-11e8-8688-e053ba58f1e4_story.html).
I just want enough people to get impeached that we get far enough down the line of succession to "former campaign adviser" and we get at least a few weeks of President Nunberg.
Never forget that Charlie Ward won the Heisman as a QB then played 12 seasons in the NBA. 
Trump is still suggesting he will testify under oath and not that he will sit for an interview with the FBI. I don't think he's heard a single word his lawyers have said for the past year.
I know this guy sounds like a piece of dirt, but you should scrub his name from this post and use a pseudonym.
We need more subs for /r/rosscockrelltradedtogiantsmemes
Don't do that. This is serious and it's the DOJ doing their job. Their job is not to indict the president, it's to uphold justice. Their case seems entirely believable. There's no reason we can't go after Iran and Russia at the same time. And they're not going to stop safeguarding our interests because their might be some foreign policy implications.
I've been complaining that our off-season moves are sending very mixed signals. Sure we shed cap space by letting go of JPP, but then why give a huge deal to a 30 year old LT? And why sign Stewart who has maybe 1-2 seasons left if that? Why lose Kennard and bring in Ogletree? There's no strategy here.

Telltale will be draft. Saqoun says win now with Eli. QB will mean rebuild for sure.
If this coming from a funded government agency, it had to have multiple hands on it. They may have identified either the leader of the team or maybe the primary operator, but the entirety of GRU and the Kremlin are going to be implicated.
I'd honestly be surprised if they intend Pryor to start. I think he'd be #4 until he proves otherwise.
23 skadoo!
How new is this? I don't see Priebus, Spicer, Flynn, Mooch.
Could have been Jews or Tatars.
Bolton was of the biggest Iraq hawks who pushed the WMD story hard and never admitted his error. Trump has fervently lied that he was an opponent of the Iraq War and that it was a huge blunder. 
Such a dumb piece. And not because she was *wrong* about what Trump said, but because she took them as being remotely sincere. The problem with Trump is less that he has bad ideas and more that he has *no* ideas beyond whatever gets him a reaction from whoever is standing in front of him.
After however many months of this investigation he still doesn't understand the difference between sitting for an interview with the FBI and testifying before the grand jury. Sitting for an interview is a risky gamble but it might relieve some pressure. Testifying under oath (as he is once again promising) is an absolute suicide mission.
Jawas for kindling.
It's haphazard.
Why are we shedding personnel to switch schemes? I don't see how Vernon fits a 3-4 either. And we don't have a 1-tech player.
The US Navy was dependent on privateers through the War of 1812.
Why did we give $60M to Nate Solder who is going to be 30 by week 1? I don't think the FO consider this to be a rebuilding year. I think the deciding factor will be if we take Barkley at #2 or a QB.
I understand it perfectly, but the fact is we are going to be worse in 2018 because of it. If I were OBJ, I would have no interest in staying with this team in 2019 for any amount of money. JPP was still an above-average DE even if we were paying him all-pro money. We're almost certainly not going to find a worthy replacement in the 3rd round.
We didn't get the #2 pick for this trade. We got a third-rounder. If you think we can find a replacement for JPP in the 3rd round, you're dreaming. This was an unequivocal downgrade to save money. Team will be worse.
He's not worth what we paid, but he's still an above-average DE. We are saving money, but we're not going to replace his talent in the 3rd round.
Erik Prince only has one emotion: indignant. 
I was really hoping Obi-Wan would have built a pyre for Maul.
Rose Tico is pretty close.
Any of the thousands of Imperials who weren't in the Death Star, perhaps?
Correct. The reason tech companies are supporting this is because they are constantly being served with orders from law enforcement around the world for data originating around the world being housed around the world and they are dragging case after case through court because there's no guidance from Congress. This law would set the standard similarly to how other international law enforcement sharing is done. It's not great, but it's better than what we have.
[Counterpoint](https://lawfareblog.com/cloud-act-welcome-legislative-fix-cross-border-data-problems). Microsoft is currently in court over an order to turn over data held in Ireland without the consent of the Irish government. Cloud Act is intended to resolve it with an act of congress instead of forcing private companies to set policy in court. Current law already sucks and this one is likely a marginal improvement. Not a blank check for fresh abuse.
The 2nd amendment clearly states that it's for the purpose of maintaining a militia and the intent of the militia was national defense. It seems likely they would have wanted the amendment to include heavy military weaponry. 
> “Cynthia Nixon was opposed to having a qualified lesbian become mayor of New York City. Now she wants an unqualified lesbian to be the governor of New York. You have to be qualified and have experience. She isn’t qualified to be the governor,” Quinn said.

Full quote in context referring to Nixon's opposition to Quinn's mayoral candidacy.
She was slightly before my time, but I do remember her. I don't see her name in writing very often. Shawn Johnson was a gymnast too and I did see her games.
[Other side of the story](https://www.axios.com/omnibus-contains-act-1521679131-ee861d07-9f29-473f-9cff-8e64aac094aa.html). Microsoft is currently being sued by the DOJ to turn over data stored in Ireland regardless of Irish law. They asked for the CLOUD Act to prevent America from wantonly violating the privacy of other countries. Handing this authority to the executive is not intended to mean unlimited data sharing, but rather bilateral agreements on when data can be shared. There's ample precedent for international agreements to be negotiated by the executive.

I'm only getting up to speed on this and while I can't say the CLOUD Act is a great idea, it definitely seems like Microsoft have a very valid complaint with current law. EFF are a privacy organization and will never support anything that doesn't serve that end even if there's a valid trade-off (ie, better law enforcement). 

EDIT: Here's a [good counterpoint](https://www.lawfareblog.com/privacy-and-civil-liberties-under-cloud-act-response) on why the bill was written.
This is sorta cheating. Like if Jeff Goldblum had just posted this pic himself.
I think Tom Brady will get serious consideration.
Well, I don't think the Vikes would have been all-in on Cousins if they thought Bridgewater was their future.
If you read mainstream amateur political commentary, be it Fox News or just social media users, you might be inclined to think everyone in Washington really is just a stupid, petty moron who needs a single rational person to show up and point out the blindingly obvious solutions to all their problems. That was how Trump positioned himself to voters. He said he'd go to DC, knock some skulls, and then they'd all just set policy that resolves everything and makes everyone happy. Irrational voters thought it sounded great. Rational voters took it as empty lies. If you look at his behavior around policy negotiations, I get the distinct impression he really believed it too. He really had no idea that health care was hard. He really thought he could put every liberal idea and every conservative idea into a gun bill and it would pass and he'd be a hero. He really thinks world leaders were just so desperate to have him lay down the law. And if you ask him right now why so many of his initiatives have failed, he will gladly tell you it was everyone else's fault and he's going to just try it all again with his new staff.
Who are any of these people? I can't figure out why O'Day was considered a celebrity. How is she fit to share the stage with legendary performers like Arsenio Hall?
Tell that to Ron Reagan, Jr.
[Candidate Trump seemed utterly confused about the topic and generally deferential to Russia's position](http://abcnews.go.com/ThisWeek/trump-crimeas-people-prefer-russia-elected-putin-ukraine/story?id=41029437).

[He and Manafort weakened the party platform on Ukraine](https://www.npr.org/2017/12/04/568310790/2016-rnc-delegate-trump-directed-change-to-party-platform-on-ukraine-support) as their only policy concern at the convention.

Everyone knew and didn't care.
You must have a lot of tattoos.
[Neat](http://m.acc.com/legalresources/quickcounsel/UKBAFCPA.cfm?)
I would say the odds are at least 50/50 that Trump is proud of going off script and was willing to tell it to anyone within earshot.
Indeed, but it seems this happened via their British parent company. Idk if the UK has an equivalent law.
Use a package manager. Homebrew, apt, chocolatey. Never visit the site again.
I heartily disagree. It's extremely difficult to change someone's mind whose views are shaped by faith. Pence has been around a long time and has probably faced a ton of criticism and outreach from the LGBT community and hasn't softened up a bit. He can't just plead ignorance or say he's never met a nice enough gay to want to give them human rights. Fact is, this is hardly the only thing he's done wrong. He's been a staunch support of the worst, most hateful president in our lifetime. He's the opposite of uplifting. He's holding on to the coat tails of hatred. I'm sure he's very nice and his wife is nice and daughter is nice, but that doesn't make them good.
Absolutely no one has to *like* anyone. That doesn't mean you should advocate their torture or deny them human rights.
Source is [Monmouth University](https://www.monmouth.edu/polling-institute/reports/monmouthpoll_us_031918/) which gets an [A+ from 538](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/pollster-ratings/). The news is almost certainly legitimate.
We were assured of a bipartisan gun control bill and action on Dreamers. 
[He's working with Trump to root out the "deep state"](https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2018/03/trump-white-house-worked-with-newt-gingrich-on-political-purge-at-state-department-lawmakers-say/).
So move to impeach, Johnny. Or else WTF are you doing in office?
This guy is a fucking moron and fucking traitor.
Time to start trolling?
> Fox has degenerated from providing a legitimate and much-needed outlet for conservative voices to a mere propaganda machine for a destructive and ethically ruinous administration

Wall Street Journal an National Review are conservative news. FOX is just Republican news.
[I'd wager the self-destructing email was Protonmail and it's still in use](http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/378949-white-house-staffer-left-email-passwords-on-official-stationery).
If I'm reading it right, Jr was planning to leave his wife for O'Day which is what dad told him not to do. Not to stop fucking around. That's why dad sticks to hookers.
[Hillary was investigated and exonerated](https://www.cnn.com/2016/10/04/politics/reality-check-donald-trump-hillary-clinton-emails/index.html) of any criminal deeds wrt to her email. The timeline is a little fuzzy because she requested her personal email be purged well before any subpoena was issued but the actual cleanup didn't happen until after. Either way, she was thoroughly investigated over it as these guys should be.
It's not splitting hairs. He was responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths. Not to mention warrantless spying and torture. Trump is an asshole but he's been feckless at actually implementing any policy. Just because Bush was a monster out of deep sincerity and good intentions, doesn't make him better.
If he gets embroiled in the Cambridge Analytica fiasco, Cruz could suddenly become very vulnerable.
Bush was in charge of 2 countries. Bremer was essentially a viceroy.
Fuck that. Dead people are dead people. 
He spent maybe $100M on elections and probably got 10X on his investment in tax cuts. Remember, candidate Trump proposed eliminating the carried interest deduction to offset his huge cut in rates. That's a deduction heavily utilized by hedge fund bosses like Mercer. It was probably the most progressive thing he advocated and it [didn't get in the tax bill last year](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/promises/trumpometer/promise/1429/eliminate-carried-interest-loophole/). Cohn says he pushed for it, but I don't recall Trump ever talking about it.
He gave the Russians classified intel from Israel the first chance he got. And he seemingly just did it to show off.
Harris was a solid #3/4 WR in 2015, then disappeared from the offense in 2016, then injured all 2017.
Nix is about to get a fresh pint of novichok poured for him.
My sincere hope is that we're just undergoing a controlled burn of dry brush to make room for green shoots of democracy to refresh the forest. Otherwise, we're just a tire fire.
I would not be the least bit surprised to hear that Kelly is just a flat-out misogynist, but I'd say that Hope and Ivanka really, really didn't belong in the roles their roles and Kelly had ample reason to be upset. They lack the deep experience and incredible talent of other women in his administration like Omarosa.
It's a low-risk deal. If he plays to his potential, it's a steal. If he doesn't, he rides the bench and you didn't lose too much.
The Redskins will be better with Smith than Cousins.
You say "more sophisticated" like it's a bad thing. Some of us are building software that will be in production for 10+ years and are much less concerned with speed of development than with correctness and maintainability.
Does quicksand ever freeze?
Gowdy wants to quit politics and go back to being a prosecutor. It is now in his best interest to be an attack dog for justice.
Didn't Sessions lie in his confirmation hearing about meeting foreign officials and lie on his paperwork about the same thing? Did the OPR have anything to say about that?
And a guarantee that whoever they pick will be able to play at an NFL level.
I still don't understand why we let him go and gave a billion dollars to Vernon.
OPR reports to the AG, not the FBI.
Challenge on what grounds? 
The conspiracy hounds of reddit are being led around on a leash by an international, well, conspiracy. It would be ironic if it weren't so dangerous.
So, it's still possible Cousins can go to the Jets and Bridgewater back to Minnesota.
It drives me up a fucking wall to see players released because the coach "has a system". What kind of DC is only able to run one kind of 4-3? Personnel is way harder to change than a playbook. Set your defense to your players, not the other way around.
It says 25k diamond, not gold. Although no diamonds are visible, it would be the size of a golf ball and be worth a few million.
In the Rebels tv series, Kanaan does this same maneuver. It aired after TLJ was in theaters. 
It's pretty obvious that they can't.
I have no insight into their actual plans, but I lean towards the Giants taking Barkley at #2. Barkley plus healthy Odell would let Eli play 2 more years.
Chris Simms to Broncos confirmed.
It doesn't sound like a deal ever materialized. I doubt they could hang on charge if no money was ever exchanged. 
She's just wearing yoga pants.
I've heard pitches from firms who claim to be able to cull this kind of data from social media. Most are overblown because they don't use underhanded techniques like Cambridge did, but surprisingly the best source for mining personal info is LinkedIn. Reason being that people are far more likely to have a public profile with their real name.
Reddit probably knows all about /u/97643, but it also has no idea who you are.
I assume Petty is gone too. He's barely backup quality. Probably get invited to a camp or two, but seems unlikely to get signed.
PFF rated him the worst 1st round pick. He made a lot of big plays that stick in people's minds, but he also had a ton of targets and a poor catch rate. He's also too small to be an effective blocker which we all knew when he was drafted. IMO, he was outplayed by Rhett Ellison.
Per McCabe, he is authorized to share info with the press and has done many times in his official capacity with the knowledge of his peers. There is no evidence whatsoever that he lied under oath. Sessions used the phrase "lack of candor" which he surely knows is meaningless.
When republicans say "lower taxes, cut spending on entitlements, strong military, limit immigration" it all sounds like dry policy objectives. But really, none of it really makes sense unless you've already tacitly accepted the dystopian propaganda. Most of it has no other rational basis in evidence.
A lot of Russians support Putin. A lot of Syrians support Assad. Lots of Iraqis loved Saddam for that matter. 
I think items 1 and 2 should be learn to block and learn to catch.
[This leaked Hillary email](http://www.businessinsider.com/hillary-clinton-private-emails-science-corrected-vitamin-a-speech-2016-8) was my favorite. Compare this mind set to Trump telling Trudeau we have a trade deficit even though he had no idea if it was true.
Why is it huge? Why is it worse than everything else we know about Trump that hasn't cost him anything? He'll roll off of this like he'll roll off firing Mueller. Only option is blue midterm and an impeachment vote.
Well holy shit. This pretty much proves it was done for spite.
Tillerson was fired while he was having diarrhea. Please catch up on the news cycle.
While it's almost certainly a scam, if you ever have some sort of real semi-emergency and don't know what to do, call 311 and they'll direct you. For this kind of incident though, they would probably route you to 911. 911 operators here are incredibly jaded and will not get mad at you or question the veracity of the story. They'll dispatch cops to grab the guy at the next station whether he's sincere or just causing trouble.
There used to be a woman who did a very convincing bit about feeding her kids or something that always got handouts. Maybe the 4th time I heard it, a passenger literally yelled at her that she'd been telling the same story for years and yet her kids never got older when she told it and I don't think I ever saw her again.
John "Adult in the Room" Kelly.
The ship achieved tumescence as have we all.
There's already [a trailer for it](https://media.giphy.com/media/rVZEejvVWEbug/giphy.webp)
Less bold prediction: They make the playoffs, but Cousins is a downgrade from Keenum.
Do we have any confirmation Sater is an FBI asset besides his own word?
This was the same speech where he told the crowd that he made up a trade deficit with Canada as a negotiating tactic with Trudeau.
> [You know, Russia wants to get ISIS, right? We want to get ISIS. Russia is in Syria — maybe we should let them do it? Let them do it.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2015/09/25/donald-trump-let-russia-fight-the-islamic-state-in-syria/)

 * Trump in 2015
Hindu nationalism is very prevalent and quite dangerous. The current PM [quite possibly instigated a pogrom of Indian Muslims in 2002](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_Gujarat_riots) and it only accelerated his political career.
I really hope Geraldo Rivera gets a cabinet position sometime before this is all over.
Honestly I wonder what Vince McMahon is like off camera. The level of commitment he brings to his character can't be taught in drama school.
Is that the game where they were diving at Odell's head every chance they got?
Dems actually proposed the bill as relief for local banks and credit unions, but the threshold for bank size kept,getting higher and higher until the original sponsor withdrew support. I'm assuming the remaining Dems just figured relief for small banks was worth the risk of relieving bigger banks.
Because he willingly confessed to the media already. He's dead meat already.
If I can expand FA season to include trades...

Overrated: Kirk Cousins

Underrated: Alex Smith
It's not just the lying. He lied because he walked into a trade negotiation with a fellow head if state without knowing even basic facts.
Ironically, there's a kids' nature show called Wild Kratts on PBS and one of the villains a fashion designer who is always looking for new kinds of animals to exploit for her designs. She is also an obvious caricature of Donattella Versace.
Metawhelmed.
> Will you defer your motion to allow a commission to explore the validity of your accusations?

* UN Secretary General Finis Valorum
> put his name on all his buildings

In 6 foot tall gold letters.
LOL! You don't go to Argentina to escape political corruption. They practically have a revolving door between the presidency and prison.
Did they? I assume a lot of these are apolitical bureaucrats and functionaries.
One parent from Mississippi, one from ancient Rome.
I think unique names are a great expression of individuality, but sometimes I wonder where the line is drawn between iconoclasm and illiteracy.
What'll you give us for Flowers and Apple?
I mean, what if he doesn't like the practice facility? That would sink the whole deal.
And our starting TE is a terrible blocker.
The Dodd-Frank provision for government asserting control to oversee an orderly liquidation is what precludes the need for future bailouts. That is probably correct although it hasn't been put to the test.
> income isn't

[Sure it is](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/MEHOINUSA672N). All-time high.
That freaked me out the first time I played at the arcade.
They're really out on a ledge if they think this is the only affair he's ever had. 
Unemployment isn't deindustrialization. Even if wages are stagnant, they aren't turning into subsistence farmers. That trade cost some jobs is a given. We give up certain sectors in exchange for lower prices, which we got. The losses were deep and narrow and the benefits shallow and broad. We could easily replace the lost manufacturing jobs if we forced wealth downward instead of up via fiscal policy.

[Here's a writeup China Shock controversy](https://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21718513-china-shock-has-not-been-debunked-it-worth-understanding). Even the authors won't say trade is a net loss for the country. 
Engram is explosive, but can't catch and can't block. PFF rated him a 42. He was the de facto first option with all our WRs dead and only caught 55% of targets. He certainly has time to improve, but if he plays like this in the future he won't make it past his rookie contract.
I assume Petty and Hack are both done at this point. Be curious to see if either of them even get interest as backups.
That inflatable tent on the sideline is for defribilating dead players. 
Hot take: Ebron is better than Engram.
I don't watch him every week, but my impression was that he's pretty solid, just well below expectations based on his draft position. 
Or CPI inflation which is what everyone was talking about.
> When Obama took office, Kudlow was detecting an “inflationary bubble.”

Did the inflationistas of 2008-12 ever fall on their swords and admit defeat? Remember that "debate" between Ron Paul and Paul Krugman? That has certainly aged well.
Kudlow co-wrote an article with his supply-side bro Art Laffer imploring Trump not to impose those tariffs.
Industry isn't synonymous with manufacturing. We are about as industrialized as we can possibly be and that hasn't changed at all since joining the WTO and NAFTA.
I wonder how hard that would be to pull off. I'll bet UK, France or Germany would be able to swing it in 3 months. Some business would lose out if they've already sunk money, but it would just an awesome fuck you to Russia.
Yes, this is really where the debate should be. Not whether you would allow an abortion for your own life, but do you want to force your views on everyone else. The former is a personal decision, the latter is legal/political.
Everyone on this sub seems overly concerned with cap space and players being overpaid yet we're currently getting absolutely hosed and are bleeding talent. We're losing DRC, Pugh, Richburg, Kennard, Wing, Geno, Casillas and brought in just Alex Ogletree and Jonathan Stewart.

I know you might say that a lot of those guys weren't that great, but finding even average players isn't that easy. A guy like Casillas was hardly an all-pro, but him not re-signing still leaves a gap that needs to be filled with a draft pick or scraping the bottom of the FA barrel. If we take a QB at #2 you can expect that pick won't contribute next year and we'll be worse than ever. This is starting to feel like a rebuilding year.
And the *fucking tariffs*. Trump just introduced some depression-era trade policy specifically to appeal to voters in this type of district and didn't fucking work. He went around the opinions of everyone in both parties and spent a ton of political capital on something that only hurts the country to win a few votes and it still wasn't enough.
The only illiberal policy I see from him is that he doesn't support gun control beyond better background checks. What else is there to worry about?
Was she not run out of town on a rail because she wanted to ban abusive subs? The very thing we're skewering spez over failing to do?
Bring back Ellen Pao.
I have to assume they can still investigate irregularities. They could do that even if there was a paper trail to recount.
Voting systems are state-level. There's not a federal mandate on what kind of machines to use.
What I hear is that Allegheny absentees are coming in now and other counties might be tomorrow, but Allegheny might give enough margin that the other counties become irrelevant.
Word on CBS is that due to electronic voting with no paper backups, there cannot be a recount. Once the absentees are counted, it's over.
My naive predictor now says Saccone wins by 9 total votes. What that really means is they probably won't call it tonight and this drags for days of counting absentees and recounting districts.
Literally just extrapolating county votes up to 100% based on the data table on NY Times.
How about these boys in blue?
My completely naive predictor based on excel is still telling me Lamb wins by 0.2%.
I'm going to go ahead and predict the impending departure of whoever is going to replace Kelly and McMaster just to save time.
Saccone gets +287 from Washington, 100 from Westmoreland. Lamb gets 449 from Allegheny and wins. That's based purely on extrapolating current votes and percentages reporting and not looking at districts.
Or loves splashing.
If Lamb wins, it's a recount.
Speaking of Moore, Saccone may be a dud, but he didn't rape any kids and he's still losing. If this goes to Lamb it will indicate genuine political turnover and not just reacting a piece of shit candidate.
Is Saccone the new Ben McAdoo? I can live with that.
If he's referring to that proposal, why is he saying it was his idea?
> The wars of the future will not be fought on a battlefield or at sea.They will be fought in space. Or possibly on top of a very tall mountain. In either case, most of the actual fighting will be done by small robots. And as you go forth today, remember always your duty is clear- To build and maintain those robots.

* Secret War of Lisa Simpson
Now that he's been chewed up and spit out and spent all his credibility and dignity and gotten nothing but scorn and humiliation in return, maybe he'll be willing to tell the American people that he made a huge mistake and give us some truth about what he's seen. Of course, this will only sound like sour grapes at this point since he allowed himself to be outmaneuvered at every turn.
Trump specifically cited Pompeo as agreeing with him that the Iran deal should be torn up. That will be the first move.
He's not as good as Forte. He's fine, but he's not an upgrade.
I heard they wanted McCown to spend a year learning behind Hackenburg.
There isn't $90M worth of talent available at this point.
This guy is running some kind of scam at Trump's direction and giving him back his campaign job is how they keep him quiet after this public shaming by Kelly.
America simply can't have a third party until we fix FPTP voting. Your third-party vote is currently useless at best and harmful at worst (see Nader, Ralph). The only safe place to support a third-party candidate is in a non-competitive local election.
Not only that, he made a ton of money in Hollywood and now he's going to be a pariah there for the rest of his life. I don't think even Clint Eastwood would work with him now.
Gowdy spent years shitting on the front lawn and now he's suddenly upset that DC has become a cesspool.
Or it's just open season on  Russians in the UK. Murder your enemies this week and just blame it on Putin.
Try being mediocre at a job that only 40 or so people in the world are remotely capable of doing.
Hindsight? It's probably causing a lot less misery now than when it was new.
The NY Times reported Tillerson would be replaced by Pompeo last November. This wasn't hard to see coming.
The day after, Rex went on TV to profess his undying love and admiration for Trump as damage control. It bought him a few more months on the job and cost him a lifetime of credibility and dignity. Worst part is that it was entirely predictable that Trump has never rewarded the loyalty he demands of people.
He's got ability. He's super fast for one. I'm sure his combine numbers make Antonio Brown look like a chump. We've seen time and again that ability doesn't always translate to production.
Aren't you required by law to ride in the street? I'd push you too.
Pompeo met with Binney at Trump's request and rejected his theories. He's not crazy, but he's willing to entertain Trump's whims.
Preet Bharara wasn't part of his administration. He was a US Attorney and an Obama appointee. All of the US Attorneys were replaced which is not unexpected.
Mnuchin was already rich and would be earning more back in Hollywood if he isn't blackballed for life.
Isn't Pompeo in accordance with the prevailing opinion that Russia meddled in favor of Trump?

Also, the article is saying he was informed a few days ago. Around when he "fell ill" in Africa. I think his statement about the poisoning was more of a middle finger on the way out the door.
> I’ve lived in the area for 7 ...Circa 1980s all over again.

Lol. I came here in the late 90s and we're still nowhere near that level. We're at 2007 levels at worst.
> solidly below average linebacker

League average maybe. He'd be a starter for us if the season started tomorrow. I'm hoping he's just there for depth/special teams come week 1.
Didn't Herzlich cheat death?
This headline is grossly misleading. There is one sentence uttered where they say the White House has not made a statement yet. There is no story that the White House is denying Russian involvement, just that they hadn't reacted yet. Tillerson's reaction came very shortly after this and he is saying it was Russia.
Spez is just in over his head.
Come on now, there's very good people on both sides. 
So, a known, convicted scammer just told the press he's been a double-agent this whole time? Color me skeptical.
Convicted felon Michael Flynn? The one that Cummings, Yates, Obama and Christie all told Trump was compromised and he didn't care? That guy isn't worth investigating, Rand?
The UK just accused them of murder on British soil today. 
This is the bizarro part of the story. The Trump Tower meeting is game, set, match for collusion isn't it? Didn't the ship sail on this months ago? Why are we still talking like we're waiting for some official pronouncement?
I'm not talking about their motives, I'm talking about the police response.
The Koran isn't law and Muslims aren't the only ones trafficking kids. Every child abuser is capable of rationalizing their behavior with or without a religious precedent. None of them should be above the law and no government official can use that as an excuse.
Was there evidence or not? If there's evidence police should have at least investigated. If not, then race probably made no difference.
Looking bad on TV is the one way to get yourself fired by Trump.
It's an excuse and it's nonsense. This was either pure incompetence or corruption and they're attempting to flip the script to distract from their crimes. That the perpetrators were Muslim is irrelevant. 
Well him, his agent and the federal government all got bits of that.
I believe Barry Switzer is the originator of that quote.
In Lord of the Rings, when Gandalf visits Frodo at his house you can actually McKellan just reading his lines off of that ring.
Brando wasn't always fat. Look up pics of him in Streetcar. Those early roles made him feel invincible.
There's no worse crime in the Trump administration than being bad on TV. You know Trump was pissed about this.
When Iraq acceded to UN inspectors and the US invaded anyway, NK took that as removing any barrier they had to developing a weapons program. So they ripped up the Agreed Framework and started building nukes with no real consequences.
Nothing probably. They have offered treaties in the past and either made ridiculous demands or signed on and then reneged. Bill Clinton signed a pretty robust agreement with them and it lasted all of 10 years before falling apart under Bush. They offered Bush a non-aggression pact which he declined. Nothing much has changed in their stance to the US between all these agreements and abrogations.
I didn't say I didn't like it! It just isn't classy.
Manning/Tyree
[Alex Koppelman, New Yorker](https://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/romney-gets-trumped).
I think guys like Okung and Sherman are smart enough to do as well as an average agent, but at least 80% of players just aren't.
His father went to jail for campaign finance fraud, but worth noting that most of his fundraising was for Democrats. I'm guessing that was a matter of expedience since Democrats tended to win elections in places he was developing, but he was a least paying lip service to their politics. Jared, to my knowledge, has never publicly expressed an opinion about anything.
Born on third base and assumes she hit a triple.
Seriously, 95% of kids that age would topple immediately at any point in his swing. That bat looks like it's real wood too.
That's easily Chris Pine at his ugliest too. His haircut is awful. And he's still making Wonder Woman giddy. The rest of us just don't have a chance.
Per the article, Trump had actually considered naming said Fox host to run the VA earlier. He was in the national guard and ran a small charity for vets for a few years. More importantly, he looks good on TV and is willing to verbally fellate Trump on camera as often as he needs.
Hue has 39 career losses and Belichick has 118. You tell me who's better?
You're correct, but he seems to be in the same position DRC was. He's been asked to take a pay cut and doesn't want to. I expect he'll be released or at least on offer for a trade any day now.
[His pronouncements meandered wildly](https://www.vox.com/world/2017/7/3/15904646/trump-syria-assad-russia-iran-secret-generals-military-isis-terrorism). He stated quite clearly that he himself had a plan to defeat ISIS and that he knew more about ISIS than the generals. Later on, he said his super secret plan that he didn't want to divulge lest it be stolen by his opponents or leaked to the terrorists was to ask the generals for a plan. Once in office, he demanded they give him the winning plan that only he knew how to do and not stupid Obama. The generals then submitted their comprehensive plan which was to pretty much keep doing what they'd been doing successfully for the previous few years. Mission Accomplished.
People who have lead privileged lives for so long just think of it as normal and the loss of privilege as a form of injury. Even the privileged class was for the most part working for every dollar probably never felt like they were getting some mythical benefit. It's like how we define poverty in the US is abject luxury compared to the UN definition of poverty they apply to places like sub-Saharan Africa. It's all misaligned expectations.
Absolutely everyone and every business in the world aside from fossil fuel extractors.
Who built this and why?
He's disappointing for his draft position, but still valuable.
Badger got cut for a reason. His play fell way off after the injury. Signing him would be a huge gamble. 
> class act

He never did anything criminal or dishonest, but he did promise to finna jack his pickle at a theater on Instagram. That doesn't really scream "class act" to me.
We have one legit CB on our roster as of today and made no moves in the Richard Sherman lottery. Obviously we have to do *something* but I don't see them making any really impactful moves.
You acquire cap space by shedding good players. Given the FA market and our draft priorities we're going to end with someone worse than DRC.
Cockrell had a 1-year deal so we'd need to resign him. He's at least an average CB and worthy of a #3 or 4 spot on the depth chart. I don't have much faith in Apple, but there's at least a chance of him turning it around. FA CBs seems to be slim pickings. We can potentially get Amukamara back or go after Malcolm Butler, but neither were ever as good as DRC. We're looking at a 2nd round draft pick at best and even that seems unlikely.
I'd rather have good players. Cap space doesn't get on the field.
Also useful: "I'm so embarrassed. I wish everyone else was dead."
The distinction between appropriation and homage is blurry, but the defining characteristic is borrowing from another culture and passing it off as your own.

Classic examples are white musicians in the 50s playing blues and jazz style to white audiences while the originators were still opressed by Jim Crow. As opposed to someone like Eminem who never showed anything but fawning admiration for the black performers he was taking inspiration from.

To your point, calling something appropriation that isn't appropriation is probably harmful. Aside from discouraging sincere homage and artistic freedom, it makes people mad enough to say that appropriation isn't real.
John Carter was a vastly underrated movie imo.
I spent hundreds on online IQ tests to prove how smart I am.
Enders Game was an enjoyable movie and captured a lot of the book's spirit. It missed the political turmoil on earth, but that was probably necessary to fit in 2 hours.
Like in Kung Fu. When you can walk on rice paper without leaving a trace.
He wanted to show off to his friends what he was working on. Not exactly selling secrets to the Chinese, but it's still illegal.
They should plaster their armor with bumper stickers of their sponsors.
Did Joseph Smith agree with these opinions?
It's not easy. My last org had fantastic IT management, yet I had access for weeks after leaving. Some software like Slack will basically never sign you out. Apparently even deleting someone's access won't boot them from channels they have open. You still have to go in and boot them manually.
If you look at body type, footwork and throwing mechanics you'll see that both players have all three of these.
Are you in Silicon Valley? Where I'm coding, it's freezing outside and there's not much sun. 
What have you done?
Believe it or not, it's possible but rather drastic. You can have your shins surgically broken and extended with metal poles.
First time I tried to open a bottle of champagne at a party, I forced a winged corkscrew through the metal cap down into the cork then I managed to snap both wings off trying to lever it open, then I saw the wire and began to untwist it at which point the cork and corkscrew shot out like a cannon into a crowd of people. Missed everyone and smacked into the cabinets. Then I walked away and drank it. 
You are what you pretend to be.

I think you can fairly point to a lot of faults with Democrats, but they are unequivocally better and it's not even close.
There's also a pretty wide gulf in terms of criminal culpability. What Hillary was reckless, not intentional. What this guy did was very intentional. He collected the classified information in the first place that he wasn't supposed to have, stored it on a personal device with the intent to distribute to people who were not cleared to see it, lied when asked about it and destroyed evidence.
Of all the crimes of this administration, I haven't actually heard anyone complain there weren't enough female appointees. I know there's a bunch. I'm mostly worried for their safety.
Brees to Jets confirmed.
I just listened to that Clapton song so now I'm totally caught up. It sounds pretty nice.
Sam Nunberg is the ultimate American. I'm just so glad he exists. 
That pizza looks awful.
I remember when it came out and it just blew my mind. 
Space Ghost Coast to Coast was an absolutely seminal work of art. I'd never seen anything more utterly absurd in my life when it premiered. It belongs in the Smithsonian. 
[I don't know about that](http://www.clickhole.com/article/playing-cupid-barron-trump-has-tricked-donald-trum-7535).
I assume it means he's going to confess everything and go straight to jail and die.
His quote was actually ["nobody knew health care could be so complicated"](https://www.cnn.com/2017/02/27/politics/trump-health-care-complicated/index.html) which is worse. He's not recognizing his error, he's speaking as though he's the first one to even try to think about it.
He probably wasn't going to any good there any more than he was going to pass comprehensive gun control.
"Buy on rumor, sell on news" is an axiom of investing. You can't draw conclusions from one day's trading
The US gets criticized for fucking up. There's a status of Bill Clinton in Kosovo because the Bosnia War was relatively successful. That nonsense in Iraq really damaged our credibility very badly. That and us electing nitwits to be president.
That's exactly the incident I was thinking of. The history of that region is complex and sensitive. Saying Korea was part of China is partially true, but also guaranteed to enrage Koreans. It's also true to say that then entire Northeast region of modern China used to be Korean. I'm imagining Kim will spend a long time explaining how Japanese imperialists are to blame for everything and be partially right, but also completely biasing Trump who has absolutely no sense of the actual history.
Trump just accepted an offer for [direct talks with DPRK without preconditions](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-has-invited-president-trump-to-a-meeting/2018/03/08/021cb070-2322-11e8-badd-7c9f29a55815_story.html).
The DPRK diplomats will tell him a lot of false things about Korean history with sincerity and Trump will believe it and repeat it to the American press.
For all the shit we give George W Bush for Iraq, we don't give him nearly enough shit for North Korea. Bill Clinton put a framework in place that kept a very tenuous status quo in place and Bush basically ripped it up at which point DPRK went for broke and started producing plutonium. Bush was spending all his energy fighting fake WMDs in Iraq and basically ignored the ones staring him in the face. He could not have fucked it up any worse than he did.
> There is considerable evidence that developing countries can benefit greatly by engaging in protectionism before their industries fully mature

There isn't actually. Evidence points the other way.
He doesn't want tariffs, he wants a level playing field. China has tariffs that we don't. Best option is still to eliminate both. He's not even calling for a reciprocal tariff because it's nonsense. The US exports massive amounts of autos to China in spite of the tariffs while we import very few from them. If we want to retaliate, it has to be on a category that would actually hurt them enough to force a compromise.
It's nuts how we spent on our D-line for so little production. 
Was this a public beach? If so, it's their own fault and they shouldn't be putting up police tape.
> But Campbell told Hill staffers last month that he “did not take seriously” those comments at the time. He said he considered them “vodka-arrogant talk.”

Talk about falling under the influence of Russia.
Why does it seem like the Mueller investigation is suddenly leaking a lot? Is this all derived from public records? Or is it because they've moved beyond documents and started snaring people?
This guy was always likable and good for a laugh, but he was just a B-list comedic actor until he was chosen for whatever reason to direct Iron Man and made Disney half a billion dollars and launched the MCU. Now he's a heavyweight.
Zeb's family is celebrating Life Day while he is travelling and Kallus has to keep the empire from getting suspicious.
I think Jacen's dad was the midi-chlorians.
It is when you are the face of the moral values party.
Geoff Schwarz. Pretty much never played and when he did, was less than 100%. Very disappointing.
I would absolutely take a flyer on Foles and I'd give up a 1st for him too. We already know he looks good in green and white and can win a Superbowl. That is more than any other FA or college prospect.
Yeah, this was personal. He was circumvented and ignored on an issue where he should have been the authority. Trump just shopped around for advisors who would tell him what he wanted to hear and Cohn felt slighted.
This why ethanol was such a hot political topic for so many years. Ethanol was being produced in Iowa and Iowa votes early in primary season. Otherwise, no one would care at all.
Sesame Street represents what we call Brownstone Brooklyn. It was a style of architecture popular in the 19th century and the people who lived in those houses tended to be very wealthy. From the 60s through the 90s, white flight sent a lot of these people to the suburbs, but not all of them. A lot of brownstone neighborhoods got much poorer, but a lot of them were holdouts where middle class families stayed. These days, brownstone neighborhoods are getting wealthier and wealthier again. A house like the ones you see on Sesame Street start around $2.5M depending on the area.
There was an AskReddit a while back about things people didn't believe were real and someone said fireflies. They'd didn't exist where he grew up and they sounded too implausible to be real.
Yeah, but I'm pretty comfortable with Google Docs or Office 365. I can get plenty of word processing and sheet spreading done in a browser.
Also, once that car starts rolling, he's not really pulling it anymore.
A smokescreen? Really? Smokescreen. Hmm. Could be a smokescreen now that I think about it.
Oliver fucking North. The right's favorite traitor.
Oh, please, please, please die in jail, Erik Prince!
My favorite line is actually from Alice:

> We have a sayin' back in Tennesee, be a mensch not a schmendrick

I don't know why, but it just slays me.
He could market it as a cure for Manningface.
It's funny, I have a natural affinity toward people who are gruff and miserable because I know they're not being fake with me.
And it isn't just a sex thing. Same goes for anyone trying to get something out of you. Sex and money being the top two. 
The Critic! Haven't seen a Jon Lovitz quite here in years.
Guaranteed one will be the next Brady.
Y'all just gonna act like Uani Unga never existed? Because if so, I'm in full agreement.
Reddit users treated her like shit because they agreed with the policy laid out by spez with 11000 downvotes. Pao had the balls to do the unpopular thing for the good of the site.
Servers though. UIs these days are web or go home.
Elaine Chao is Secretary of Transportation. You're thinking of Ellen Pao. Otherwise, you're right. Pao was a better CEO.
Bring back Ellen Pao.
I mean like osx, linux and by extension Docker.
This was a terrible deal. His personality issue are like a 3/10 on the NFL scale and he's been a solid player. You should have gotten more.
Pokemon GO is nearly 2 years old and AR has advanced to the point that we can make a slightly better version of Pokemon GO with a different company's intellectual property.
This sub is for NY State. Try /r/nyc or better yet /r/asknyc
Isn't the whole point of .NET Core that it can target non-Windows environments?
Your comment is 4 hours old and I currently see nothing but white out my window.
Don't be crazy, we don't primary anyone. 
I'm wondering if our generation has hit peak tattoo. When I was a kid, only bikers and sailors had tattoos. Now you see soccer moms with neck tattoos. They used to be marks to indicate that you wanted to be outside mainstream society and now they are just very mainstream. Then again, my son (6) watched Moana and now he wants a body mural like Maui.
He's billed a social activist but he's being paid by AirBnB to support a bill that helps their business. I'd boo him too.
So I've been a coder forever and I remember when CSS was first added to browsers and I know how all the mechanics of front end development work, but if you hand me a design comp, I'd have no idea where to start. Are there any good resources for learning that kind of stuff?
I'm going to hazard a guess that this test and answer are fake. There's no definitive answer to that question. Unless this was some super lame MIS kinda class that is teaching Waterfall as an academic subject.
The writers all but confirmed that Snoke was John Snoke.
Or Ezra is Snoke.
An Odd Couple kinda show where they have to share an apartment in uncharted space. Ezra always leaving holocrons on the floor and Thrawn gets pissed.
Here's [the video of his run](https://youtu.be/SAp4gJwhNI0?t=36).
I assume Butler is going to look to top Kirk Cousins' deal.
I assumed he was talking about the refs.
The go-to economists who support right-wing policy with at least a facade of academic credibility (including the guy who basically invented supply-side) co-wrote an article saying these tariffs are a terrible idea.
Trump ignores his policy experts so there's really no point being on his staff. He routinely undercuts his AG and SecState and I'm guessing they only stick around because they're terrified of who he'd choose to replace them.
Ideological purity most likely. Must be dedicated supply-side, anti-trade, pro-gun, hate all liberals, etc. 
Some people with high IQs can be amazingly irrational.
Props to Robbins for putting country above party.

That was McCain's adviser's lawyer getting info Trump's lawyer's lawyer if anyone is having trouble following.
I honestly don't know in detail how the whole stack works because it's so rarely a problem. But short answer is that all versions of all dependencies for all your projects are downloaded to a single folder and the correct version is just associated at run-time. Transitive dependencies on different versions is a bit of black magic that will on rare occasion cause a conflict, but it's generally incumbent on library developers to be backwards compatible or to fork your artifact if you're radically changing the API. When you run a build it just checks if a satisfactory version of the dependency is present in that folder and then skips the download step. Using a standard "fat jar" deployment model, all the appropriate dependencies are extracted and then stuffed back into an archive with all your source code giving you a single file with all the needed bytecode. As of Java 9, you can also bundle the runtime into that archive. In terms of artifact governance, it was never owned by a single source. Sonatype was the company behind the initial development, but it's been owned by apache since early on. Both Sonatype and Apache have authoritative repos, but there are others out there. Sonataype also has offered enterprise repository software on a freemium model since very early.
The Falcons and I really have absolutely no idea why.
The Angular market is surprisingly strong, but yeah react is tops.
8 months is longer than most coding bootcamps that take you from zero to fullstack dev. Most are Ruby or JavaScript, but still you'd learn to code. And yes, boot camp grads do get hired. Some folks are really not cut out for it, but if you have basic proficiency, you'll probably land somewhere decent.
Coming from a Java background this is just all comical to me. Maven solved all these problems 10 years ago, then the hipsters said it was too slow and complicated, then have been gradually building up the node ecosystem to be even slower and more complicated. Anyone who says XML is too verbose but likes configuring webpack should have their keyboard confiscated.
Since he expected Mexico to be able to spend their trade surplus on a wall, I reckon he does not know the difference.
I never made a proclamation but when I had a son they asked when was the bris and I said never. Nothing they can do about it if they want to cuddle their grandson so any friction was just buried deep down until it was forgotten.
Cohn was heir apparent to be CEO of Goldman but got tired of waiting for Lloyd Blankfein to die and decided to hitch himself to the worst president in modern history. Bad choice.
Reading this piece makes me think it was a  moment of pure, unbridled attention-seeking narcissism. He's just become a principal in the defining story of the decade and wants to cash in for his 15 minutes of fame and maybe wring a book deal or a FOX job out his opportunity.
90 plus orchestra seats to Hamilton?
I'm pretty step 2 of Russia's plan was explicitly to leave everyone out to dry. I don't think people got into the international conspiracy business expecting steadfast trust and loyalty from their sponsors. Flynn just made some absolutely terrible choices and now he's paying the price.
1) Announce you'll ignore a legal order to give testimony, set media abuzz.

2) Spill everything to the press while we all watch with sputtering bemusement.

3) Say, you'll actually cooperate and thank everyone for listening all day.

This is actually pretty close to the Trump playbook.
I used to think that but the Nunberg Show is really starting to impress me and I really hope it doesn't get cancelled before it gets a good ending.
Then he's shooting a parking lot fistfight with Sean Spicer for world star hiphop.
Nunberg isn't a loyalist. He was fired from the campaign early on and has said repeatedly that he hates Trump.
This tidbit kinda blew me away too.

> Several years ago, the F.B.I. hired Steele to help crack an international gambling and money-laundering ring purportedly run by a suspected Russian organized-crime figure named Alimzhan Tokhtakhounov. The syndicate was based in an apartment in Trump Tower. Eventually, federal officials indicted more than thirty co-conspirators for financial crimes. Tokhtakhounov, though, eluded arrest, becoming a fugitive. Interpol issued a “red notice” calling for his arrest. But, in the fall of 2013, he showed up at the Miss Universe contest in Moscow—and sat near the pageant’s owner, Donald Trump.
Kremlin is reminding Gates and Manafort what happens to snitches.
What they did isn't exactly illegal and there have been tons of offshore havens (Switzerland, Cayman Islands, Channel Islands) that were not punished, but rather pressured to be more transparent.
If this is a 4d chess move, he's maybe ready to cooperate and is just throwing a smoke screen so he doesn't become an absolute pariah among conservatives. He may just be nuts.
Sam Nunberg is such a magnificent piece of shit. He makes TV worth watching.
Wasn't he on MSNBC the other day saying bluntly that the administration has been lying about Russia? Why is he willing to be so blunt with the press, but not a grand jury?
> In early afternoon, a worker hooked a crowbar behind the “T” in the large “Trump” sign outside the hotel along Panama City’s waterfront and hit the crowbar with a hammer. After a few blows, the letter was pried loose and fell.

I'm sure they hired some sort of professional, but I would have given them $1,000 easy to be the one who got to rip his name down.
I ended up taking my approach when thinking about real-world stuff like evolution. People's opinions don't matter. There's evidence and then there's nonsense. At that point I just decided to call it like I see it. 
> three people who spoke fluent English

Manafort, Gates and Pras
Dem terries gettin froggy.
"Anyone got a pencil for Josh Allen?"
It's really shocking how people just keep falling for it. This guy is a special kind of con man. The apotheosis of the George Costanza method of "it's not a lie, if you believe it". He can tell the Australian PM whatever he wants to hear with the fool's confidence that he can follow through and the pencil pushers can figure out the details. Then a minute later just decide the opposite and act like it was his plan all along.
Traded to the Pats. Brady gets hurt. Wins 5 Superbowls.
He did followup. Ross repeated that same utterly equivocal answer.
You assume he'd say anything at all.
It's not so much that this guy is an authority as much as it's showing that even conservatives don't agree with this. It isn't a partisan issue. Aside from maybe the steel manufacturer lobby, no one in any corner thinks this is a good idea for anyone.
Also, when it's small it still seats more people than have ever eaten at my house at one time.
Who the fuck ever thought Kushner was a wunderkind? He a rich brat that tripped up the stairs to a senior adviser role that he has fucked up at every opportunity. His private business is in the shitter too even as he attempts (and fails) to leverage his government position to rescue it.
You don't need to overload her with science. Science isn't necessary to explain away religion.

Is there a god? No.

Is there a heaven? No.

Is there a Santa? No.

My friends at school said I'd go to hell! Lots of people believe that very strongly and it's important not to argue and make them feel bad, but they're all wrong.

Easy. The hard questions are more like "what happens when we die?" where it's hard to give a reassuring answer without lying. I gave a circle of life sorta speech. Your body returns to the earth and your energy will be recycled into new life and your spirit lives on in the people who remember you and the good that you did in the world. Worked for my kids. YMMV.
Per their explanation, he had the keys because they had been compromised which is why they were requesting their revocation.
Raider of the Lost Ark popped up on Prime and I was wondering if my kids would be able to handle it and I noticed it was rated PG. I was pretty surprised that spikes through the head and face-melting ghosts still rates a PG, but there's no cursing or sex so the kids are alright. My kids (6 and 9) kinda liked it but weren't too excited nor were they too scared.
Son is gay? He made a bad choice.
"We don't circumcise because Jesus held the old testament commandments as fulfilled, now let me kill these people for not adhering to my misreading of Deuteronomy..."
You supported that decision Donnie.
Felt like no more than 2 minutes.
[This article](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/03/03/kudlow-mr-president-tariffs-are-really-tax-hikes.html) condemning the tariffs written by Kudlow, Laffer and Moore really paints a picture.
He also strongly implied that the Mexican government could spend their trade surplus.
All things considered, his presidency has been much smoother than I expected. I didn't think he'd make it to the one year mark.
>  the US steel market will become more efficient and the price of steel will go down

I find it unlikely that anyone is going to make a long-term bet on increasing steel production knowing how capricious the president is or given the fact that nobody else in this or any future government is going to support it. Secondly, the price will come down from where it will be once the tariff goes into place, but it's highly unlikely to be lower than it is now give the massive efficiency of trading on the global market. Thirdly, trade policy isn't just economics, it's also politics. Foreign governments are going to take this an insult and a first step towards protectionism and isolation and they are going to punish us on a far greater scale than the actual scale of this tariff.
I don't suppose anyone knows if Disney does these or hires an agency? Even if this somehow qualifies as fair use or they have some other legal loophole, this is super bad for their reputation.
That's not Bor Gullet.
Nintendo isn't blameless. A disgruntled former employee at my company charged in last week and started throwing his boomerang hat at us while doing backflips and yelling "woohoo" maniacally. We shut him down with a jump rope until the police showed up.
I assume it'll just be him and Curt Schilling.
I might be misremembering, but the fake news from Qatar was up for a very short time before being corrected, yet it was being linked to by t_d drones pretty extensively. I'll have to dig it up....
My white Jewish family absolutely loved Eddie Murphy in whiteface doing a fake Jewish accent. We had to rewind our VHS over and over for that "taste the soup" bit.
I wonder if Zamunda is next to Wakanda. Maybe laundering their money or something.
For context, Kudlow and Laffer are in the small class of academic conservatives who ardently shill for supply-side economics despite all the evidence. They're basically GOP poster boys for tax cuts and deregulation. Laffer (second in the byline) was architect of the Kansas tax cuts for Brownback. As much as they suck as an economists, the telling thing is that they're actually criticizing republican policy for the first time.
Ah, so the attacker will DM memcached and say "hey it's me, ur client application" only memcached falls for it.
Dude, if I could vote to dissolve his bloated orange corpse in a vat of acid, I would. I just don't see why he's connected to this anymore than he planned 9/11. If you don't stick to the facts, you're no better than he is.
Xfinity refers to their retail product line. They don't hide behind it at all.
Perhaps more accurate to say there's no evidence he's involved. Trump is corrupt, but he didn't invent corruption and he's not the only one guilty of it. It's plausible he's involved, it's also plausible he's not. We can pin 1000 crimes on him already, but you're not served by making specious accusations. It only undercuts your credibility.
Trump is not involved in this at all. The alleged perpetrator was a Republican donor, but not a member of the administration or someone personally connected to Trump.
Per the article, Shulkin was appointed by Obama even though they went with a picture that has Trump front and center.
I had that reaction the first 10 times he said something outrageously stupid and insulting but nothing ever stopped him. He was polling at like 5% in the primaries when he said he liked veterans who didn't get captured and a week later he was at 10% and snowballing. His base loves it.
He's been a public figure for decades. Especially in NYC where his signature buildings are. He's *always* been like this. He's been unpopular here since the 80s.
BE dev here and I absolutely do that. It depends on who the target audience is. For a back office app with few users, I'm def taking shortcuts to build a decent UI quickly.
I lived in London for a while and it's always raining there, but rarely windy. Umbrellas work great. In NYC (or Seattle) they're kinda worthless.
> When memcached server gets that request, it sends a big UDP response containing the cache

Why does this happen? Is this supposed to be a request to replicate the cache?
Not sure I get it. The attackers are bombarding these exposed memcache servers which are making requests into GitHub? How? Is that a memcached function to fetch a URL?
Idk, I see him running through holes exploiting some poor defense. He's obviously super fast and agile, but what I'm looking for is him setting up blocks and showing patience and vision. Le'Veon Bell spends more time standing still in the backfield than any RB in the NFL. You can't compete in the NFL on pure athleticism. Trent Richardson has a better college highlight reel. I'm not saying he's going to bust or anything, just that I want to see why people think he's such a lock to be a great NFL player.
If he's too slow now, you could probably convert him to LT. I'd like to see what Tyron Smith can do with the ball in his hands.
I don't watch college ball and didn't see much in that reel that says generational talent. He seems to have great athletic ability, but that's still no guarantee. Is he smart?
The entire northeast is having "flying knives" kinda weather.
\#metoo
I'm 100% serious right now: Bring Back Ellen Pao.
[NY Times reported Tillerson was going to be fired last year](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/30/us/politics/state-department-tillerson-pompeo-trump.html). It might still happen, but it's been 3 months since that story ran.
Trump hates Kelly and yet he's the only guy he can ask to help him backstab his family. Trump is a person with zero friends.
I mean ever. Kushner never talked to the press even before he was in office. He never gives speeches, never does promos. Nothing. Trump has been preening for the media for 40 years.
Cohn has absolutely no one to blame but himself. He knew exactly what he was getting in to.
There's maybe 5 minutes or less of recorded audio of Jared Kushner. He never, ever sits for interviews.
Apparently his commerce secretary presented 3 plans. The most extreme called for a 24% tariff. Trump said make it 25 so it's nice and round.
Or entering a rose growing competition. Even if he never learned to appreciate wabi-sabi.
Tl;dr

Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia.
It will take us decades to rebuild steel production capacity and absolutely no one is going to make that investment knowing that Trump's successor is going to undo this order as soon as he's impeached.
They are bringing back Berlusconi for fuck's sake. Italy is going to be ousted from the OECD in the next 20 years.
What happens if Trump and Pence are forced out before January and Paul Ryan is sworn in, but then Dems win the House and elect Pelosi as speaker? Does Ryan stay on as President or does he have to hand it over to her?
Northeast, yes. Born and raised in suburbs. City as an adult. Moved to the city at the peak of crime (late 90s).
I've never seen a gun for sale anywhere in my life. Nor have I ever seen a gun that wasn't attached to a cop. And I've live my entire life in America.
He didn't even mention those Belarusian prostitutes in a Thai prison asking for asylum in exchange for talking about Trump's adventures in Moscow.
Sessions is a hardcore conservative, but he seems to have respect for our institutions at least. He wants to use his AG position to punish weed smokers and such, but that's at least within the remit of his job. He's not trying to destroy the DOJ or sacrifice it's independence over politics.
> Just because you're paranoid, don't mean they're not after you.
2nd and 4th in one sentence.
Oh he sucks on policy, but at least you can talk to him.
Who needs regulatory capture when you have regulatory yard sale.
Nunberg is absolutely my kind of guy. He's a total asshole and doesn't hide it at all. No ducking, no dodging, no equivocating.
I honestly find this story to implausible beyond reason. Nothing about it makes any sense. There are women working for Alex Jones? No way.
> He seemed pretty serious about this

If you have learned nothing about Trump, then sure. He is clearly capable of displaying sincere or even fervent belief in something and then doing a complete 180 like nothing ever happened. Even if Trump is serious, Cornyn et al know it's political suicide for them to allow an assault weapons ban get voted on.
Would you be scared of the Regional Assistant Hate Monger? Or his mid-level bureaucrats?
DNC should reinstate their endorsement just for that.
And yet believes themself to be only one who knows what they're doing.
I don't think he think he made a single decision that he'll stick to after he watches Fox & Friends reaction tomorrow. Or even just Cornyn getting him alone for 5 minutes.
He didn't support single-payer during the campaign. He did in the 90s. During the campaign he just said he wanted to "cover everyone" and never said how.
He was in a room with democrats and saying that stuff made them happy and he like being liked. 5 minutes alone with Stephen Miller and he'll just say something else.
Quit the gym, rant on Facebook, and start lying or the FBI. 
> other opportunities

FOX News in 3...2....1....
A simple yes or no would have sufficed.
I assume "clean slate" is really a euphemism for "one lasr chance to shape up."
This is 10X worse than that. This is his own AG. They presumably meet face-to-face on a regular basis. Yet he is putting this insult up on Twitter and acting like it's all going on around him and it's not his own administration that he's personally in charge of.
The second he goes after Trump's family, Trump will go nuclear on him and his investigation. He can't charge Jared or Trump Jr until he's ready for the big dog.
OT but Axios is just killing it. That site was founded less than 2 years and is already a heavyweight. Jim Vandehei is a visionary.
Does Trump know he's president? And that's his AG? And he has his phone number?
None of his debt is personal. If he can't pay, they will just take his company's buildings.
They're setting an example and showing congress that it's palatable to industry to ban these sales.
They changed the rule but failed to control it through contact with the ground so the old rule was awarded a touchback.
They are going to update the rule is what they're saying.
I bought some bitcoins from a guy on the subway and they're pretty big.
Democrats Introduce [insert measure that will die in committee]
The pee tape is probably the least interesting and least relevant issue raised in the dossier but it's also the only thing people will talk about if it's confirmed. And that includes me.
I mean, Thailand is super corrupt. They could have just shown up unannounced with a suitcase full of bitcoins and gotten her arrested.
There's no requirement that the contribution be monetary. Services count as "in kind" contributions. 
Fear of missing out. It's something you have to overcome. I worked to get myself invited to enough things to realize I wasn't missing out on anything I enjoyed. Now I even skip things I am invited to.
Parscale seems like a tame choice after Paul Manafort.
Maybe? I mean, we can do both right?
He surely has latitude and discretionary resources he can use without direct authorization.
[Salute the troops](https://m.imgur.com/r/PoliticalHumor/aKds6XA)!
> Because I'm smart
While we're talking about antecedents and context, the 2nd amendment was derived from the British common law right to bear arms. A right that has most definitely been removed from modern Britain which remains as democratic as ever and with 1/4th the homicide rate.
The funny thing is, the 2nd amendment almost certainly was intended to equip people with high-power military weaponry. More so than home defense or hunting. The wording of the amendment clearly indicates it for use as a "militia" and the context was that the militia would be in lieu of a standing national army and would be called upon to defend the nation or even be deployed abroad.
We build sites to make money for someone who pays us. Don't bother me none.
Range?
So all guns are the same? The question here isn't what can kill a person, it's how many it can kill and how quickly.
Make the projectile energy limit a function of the gun's capacity. 10 rounds of small caliber, short-range fire or 1 round of high-power and range. This will limit destructive power and be a boon for gun manufacturers to make all kinds of silly new guns to fit the law.
IASIP is much farther down the absurdity scale. Seinfeld was always intended to be "real life". Doing absurd comedy can be easier although you constantly have to fight to one-up yourself. Making a show absurd but also plausible is really, really hard. That's where Seinfeld excelled.
This wasn't the beginning either. Jean-Paul Marat was writing incendiary articles during the French Revolution 100 years earlier.
2nd amendment.
Doesn't work. See: slavery, Japanese internment.
I think it's safe to assume he's a dead man walking. He was at the Trump Tower meeting, omitted a ton of things from his financial disclosure and was peddling visas for cash in China.
My son eats the school lunch once in a while because he likes it and never eats what we pack for him and won't tell us why. They never took money from kids, instead they would take their name and send a bill or not if they were qualified for free meals.
Now I need a Vietnames family to name their kid Penn.
We are not fighting Trump. We're fighting 50M people who simply aren't rational.
Jimmy Carter never lived down that bunny attack.
My kids' school is in a pretty wealthy area, but still has some less well off students. Breakfast and lunch were recently made free for everyone, no questions asked. They charged so little to being with it was probably not worth the overhead to even collect payment.
The conservative wing of the SC is about to deal a death blow to unions.
Per federalist 29, it was expected that the Militia would be called upon to defend the nation or even be deployed abroad. When the state militias balked at defending other states in the War of 1812 is when the concept fell apart.
The second amendment was intended to support the creation of a militia that would defend the nation. It most likely intended to allow for the ownership of any type of military weaponry. Cannons and battleships then. Fighter jets and cruise missiles now.
We have absolutely no reason to challenge our government as a government and a popular uprising against Trump would be guaranteed to fail since 40% of the country still supports him. Tyranny would be the destruction of our democratic institutions. Not the election of someone we don't like. If enough people hate Trump, he'll just get voted out in 2020. Voting is still a million times easier than taking up arms.

When the second amendment was written, they wanted the "Militia" to be ready to turn back the King of England when he came back, which he did and the Militias sucked and got replaced with a national army.
> resist any form of tyranny

You have to understand the context of history here. Of the very few attempts at republican democracy in the recent past, all had reverted to monarchies very quickly. The age of colonialism is long dead. No one is going to seize power here. And if they did, they would face our army which leads to the next point...

> they didnt even want a regular army.

That's the key thing there. The 2nd amendment was to allow for irregular state militias that would serve as our primary national defense. In the War of 1812 the British came to retake the colonies for the crown (see point 1) and the state militias were called up and failed miserably. The national army was seen as the only option from that point on.
> The 2nd amendment was created as a check against tyranny

There's no reference to that in the text at all. You can believe it if you want but there's no legal leg to stand on.
The founders believed the British were going to be back for their colonies any minute and/or tyrants would assume control and ignore the Constitution since it had yet to establish any credibility. When the British did come back, the Militias crumbled and the national army had to turn them back. They also turned back the South's attempt to ignore governmental authority. That was the pretty much of the end of anything the founders ever considered relevant.
That's an extremely low bar. 
Doesn't the "Militia" part pretty well invalidate the whole amendment? The Militia of the United States was intended to preempt the need for a national army. A concept that died forever in the War of 1812.
There was a Korean restaurant in Queens for a while (gone now) whose claim to fame was that their chef was head chef for the Olympic Village for the Seoul games in 1988. Was easily the best Korean food I've ever had and one of the best restaurants of any kind in NYC. Had a bad location so it never caught on.
They claim [it was caused by a bug](https://www.theverge.com/2018/2/16/17022162/facebook-two-factor-authentication-sms-notifications-security-bug).
A Pixar-animated series. Subject matter irrelevant.
You should be running Disney.
I've used mine for good. Operating office TVs when no one could find the remote.
Maybe they say that, but how many vote that way? 
And *I'm saying* if you want to affect policy, convince those guys. Feinstein or Trump or anyone else in Washington isn't going to change their positions if voters aren't demanding it. 
How many republicans actually support relaxing marijuana laws? It's not in the party platform. Sessions seems like a pretty mainstream Republican to me.
Don't ignore them, I'm saying don't try to change them. They are reflecting the will of the electorate. If you think Trump is the problem with our country, you are ignoring the 60M people who voted for him.
When I saw the nurse go for her ear I noped out because I guessed what was coming.
My kids like seltzer.
They had one of these in Brooklyn for a while and the pizza was phenomenal.
Remember when Joe Liberman lost his party nomination and still won his seat? Independent voters are a thing. We should focus less on the positions of candidates and more on voters. Want real liberals in power? Get voters to want them!
Patrick Ewing anyone?
CU and McCutcheon were both 5-4 party line votes. Disclose Act had 59 Democratic votes and got filibustered. Hillary and Bernie both supported an amendment to overturn CU.
I don't why know I thought Cuomo would be good.