tempered glass, however a cheap one
STILL FAKE IMAGES
mE tOo
they wont
mercedes luck at it again, vettel being ripped of the victory by safety car again
haha thx Vaibhav Parab
Kvyat got talent to be the first human torpedo you mean
My phone was at 5% after 49 hours after 8.1 with factory reset. Screen on Time however wasnt more than 3 hours, so most was standby
glass is shit
the cases are great, I got the carbon bumper and it still feels so good and slim
lol even for $499 it would be the best value phone in the world
lol android 7.0
omg, i always dreamed about having a kart 
I looked up how many days they tweeted similar images (like the OP5 stacked up on the OP5T image). Basically its always the same hypetrain before launch
its coming 26.04
5T update in Germany available
Hamilton fans love this
Verstappen needs an autoscooter
refurbished are phones which have a 6 month warranty (at least here in Germany) from the seller.
used is basically the same just from private persons.

I sold my OP5 128GB for 410€ last december and it was completely new. just look out on the internet for such deals
2nd rule: I'd rather have a excellent battery life over a super slim phone
look for used 5T. They are close to new and gonna be like 350€ maximum
Wondering in which year the next stable build will be released
I remember half a year ago I asked oneplus why the german .de domain of oneplus is still available. They could just redirect the users to their site then. I wanted to grab it to redirect to them, but they didnt allow that. 
Pssst dont let them know their double standard
I always look whether there are people in the server, but I dont want to race alone :D
you dont like notches? TAKE 2 NOTCHES
they arent selling in europe either
2 late, I already deleted my account
Should be other way round
I voted for Gasly although I am a Vettel fan. Great drive from both though. Vettel was amazing at the end.
yeah i meant if you still would want to change to op5t just wait until the prices drop drastically after op6 launch
I dont want to see it, i want to delete it
second reason is op6 is coming very soon
The OP5 actually has little bit better battery life. So if you dont need the smaller bezels just stay there with op5
cause ferrari loves assetto corsa (for reasons)
maybe they will release an update one you buy the op6 which seems to make everything worse
TOTALLY UNNECESSARY
yes please, finally some real suspense
Exynos 9810 scores are mindblowing
camera is the only thing I really hate about my OP5T... if they have a top-class camera on OP6 it will be once again a flagshipkiller.
the thing is that they marketed low-light photos as improved, but there was no improvement from OP5 to OP5T
if they really didnt change their camera sensor: RIP Oneplus
40GB Maximum
it was because it would create a bigger bump then.
Daddy bought him that rental car. Locks up every 2nd corner, but hey $$$
In germany still available
PLEASE NO GLASS
would look 10/10 without the halo
so where or how can I pay with Nano in german online shops or offline? 
best aerodynamics much wow
rear is really nice but from front this car looks shit
I take this as a challenge to access that via VPN
they wont allow dash charging
they are looking in the survey for the least favorite things and just release a phone with that characteristics
https://www.amazon.com/Sdoutech-10000-Portable-Charge-Oneplus/dp/B078K8TZQ1/
they all dont provide dash charging except the vooc powerbank
it doesnt slow down
yes thought the same 3 hours ago
Can you tell McLaren to paint their halo blue?
I dont have a second phone so I cant send it in
VERY RED
no
nooooooo
got the same bug
Wtf is credit monitoring supposed to mean?
you dont have to. it was fixed 
me too. got a new card because of this and i havent received an answer from support for one week. And then they just said contact your bank. 

Why Micro usb? WHYYYY
pretty straightforward, but yeah
Nearly cried because this guy was having the emotions of his life
really sad to see those people
i saw that- no words for that
I have to admit I also cried 
Forgot this is r/hamilton
that kid- feelsadman.jpeg
dad buys everything lil kiddo wants
I nearly need to wait 2 days on my OnePlus 5T to use this ...
no rebrand please. its 2 late
agree 100%
Where did you get that message. I am affected but didnt receive a reply on my support ticket since 5 days and no such email or else
Iota dev has been paying for refugees, supporting refugee cities, stating that they think global warming is huge issue and believe that no borders will exist in future. If someone opposes him, he insults u back 
- there are a lot of concern threads on reddit about this... that it damages the cause. 

i know virtue signalling is a huge trend right now but please just keep your personal sheet to your personal account. 
if you talk politics in a bar, you also know that it will certainly cause trouble at some point
I really believe in Raiblocks, but please just keep your politics personal. You can hate Trump on your other accounts but please dont use your status now this way like the IOTA devs.
Please keep out politics of this or this will end in unprofessional social media behavior like the IOTA devs. 
Oh okay, didnt know that. I currently switched to the Karbon Bumper Case which is awesome as well.
equal status = both shit, just bc of their rich daddies there
sent an email to live chat to Oneplus on sunday. Not received any answer until now
the included case is awesome. 
Imagine China really bans cryptocurrencies. But only those that require mining. 
same
William$
me
Project Bugs
I am also affected by this. My credit card got deactivated on friday. My only order by credit card was on November 24
I am one of those who are affected by the oneplus credit card hack. I am neither a bot or anything else. I am actually a happy oneplus customer, but this situation is really frustrating for me. 
My card got also deactivated. Hugely disappointed of Oneplus
yeah that thing will go skrrra pap pap ka ka ka skidiki pap pap pap
I voted
Will it go up?
i voted
just voted
Nano is much better
I will vote for XRB if someone can donate me 0.1 BNB 0x5697ab890978d9d9766572f846ab763407763264
seemingly i am in the wrong neigborhood here
Transactions from Raiblock take 1,8 seconds
I am currently all in on Raiblocks so I want to vote

0x5697ab890978d9d9766572f846ab763407763264
XRB has no fees and is much faster
Lol fee and much slower than raiblocks
ok both shit companies
Samsung S4, never going back to samsung after that. 
Google will use its power for much more in future, sickening
maybe this text was spezed
so why should i trust you then ? :D
I am sure they will block display network ads. Lol
Bought both. Simple as that
He means 300% in a day.
RaiBlocks gonna boom for sure
Bought yesterday XRB (RaiBlocks). Best decision ever
What is better? Mercatox or Bitgrail?

Didnt work for my OP5T in Germoney. 4.7.4
no man, dont start this sheet again. ITS BEEN FIXED
But will they someday fix 4chan .webm -bug ? cant play embedded webm with brave
Does VPN actually take battery usage?
just put the airpods in garbage, thats where they belong
RELEASE THE KRAKEN
Imagine the penalty if Vettel did this
why not red? :(
hes still a traitor
I hated it, both google now and assistant 
FI?
everybody knows what I mean
no jokes allowed, i understand it
Is that germany?
Google loves your data
looks like the OnePlus gallery
usually its higher
Why no OIS ? The camera bump is larger now or? So you said last time that the reason you didnt implement it was the rear bump. 
they are actually quite similar. Just Iphone X is for those who need a status symbol
It worked very good when the OnePlus 5 came out. Just be sure to set a reminder for the launch time tomorrow, cause stock is traditionally empty after some hours
yes if your country supports any of the mentioned frequency bands. it supports a lot. nearly all available in fact
You can get additionally 20$ off the OnePlus 5T through my invite: 
https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3

translucent one. Not really awesome like the carbon or sandstone one. 

Anyway you can order it for 499$ (as a non-student) without a case, or 499$ with a case. What do you take?
Hey guys, if u need 20$ off the OnePlus 5T (then 479$) you can get it through my invite link: 

https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3


of course if u are a student 10% is awesome. But not everyone here is a student or? 20$ is better than nothing and nearly everyone needs a case for their phone
If you want additionally 20$ off the OnePlus 5T you can use my invite: https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
You can also get 20$ off the OnePlus 5T with my invite: https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
I researched that on the forums of oneplus. 
Seemingly, you can just use one coupon per order, that means either 10% or 20$. 

However, you can make a good deed for someone if you still click redeem click on a link here, because this person still gets some referral points for advertising you to your order.
please dont
V2 GP2 engine incoming
BUGS BUGS BUGS everywhere
this race and rest of season is boring as hell. gonna sleep now bb c u next year
i use switzerland vpn and go to zattoo com
it is boring. every year the same. cant watch it anymore
just a friendly reminder: season is over, vettel would have won championship if ferrari would do their job as well
driver of the day: ericsson
lol ericsson safety car
i am afraid i will go to sleep now. this season will be shit boring from now
i dont need someone write on my phone
how about uploading your video with audio?
yeah lauda said the same - will you also ask mercedes pr? 
i would love to see a radical rxc server
a million tears?
u sad little hillary didnt win? :'( don got just small loan of million dollars, he turned it into billions. What did you achieve in your life so far?
Vettel was close to Ricciardo, then Alonso was selfish and didnt let Vettel pass in reasonable time. Then Vettel never could come back afterwards because he wasnt in 1 second zone anymore
[Bad F1 Stat] Whenever somebody crashes into Vettel, Vettel is to blame and no penalty given by stewards
totally objective skyf1? :D sure
its you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y678sR8dJNU
imagine stroll would have crashed into hamilton. the outrage here would be insane.. but its ok because its vettel
should have placed mercedes logo on his suit
says the one with mercedes sign lol. yeah vettel is so bad for passing in cool down lap, usually no one passes on cool down lap or ?
I mean sky team is not biased at all.... hahaha
Its ok because its good for mercedes and will eventually secure their championship. 
Same in german tv with lauda...
proof that stroll made it on purpose. Probably has mercedes contract already
This is why you shouldnt put a little cryboi in f1 just because his dad has money
I miss him, cause its impossible to know how his current state is. All you know is that he probably has not died yet. I just want to know whether he is ok now, or still in a state of coma
I miss him :'(
mix 2, both phones are good but mi mix looks more awesome (oneplus 5 happy owner)
dont know, didnt test it
oneplus cables are the best i ever had. 
80%
no, 50% vpn on, brightness automatic middle, 50 apps installed, stock background image
mine is now 9 1/2 hours screen on time
it doesnt stick on the edges
hes so slow you can make a decent picture of him. very nice of him
Official one is garbage Source: bubbles on my screen after 1 hour nerve-wrecking installation
Oh now all crybabies cant be butthurt again due to the decent time of upgrading
it holds really well, no issues after time
dual camera is awesome with the gcam hacked app
near stock android, its amazing that they dont bloat their software
10/10 would buy again
835 is perfect so far. would be just a marketing gag
COOOL BOY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THX FOR POSTING!!!!!!!!
reminds me how cool a tokyo street circuit would be
its for da safety to give you less viewing field
reminds me how cool it would be too be able to watch live tv coverage from helmet cam 
no, there are a lot of crybabies here
same problem
i think it has to do something with energy management that blocks gps use automatically
I got runtastic and after 30 sec running I always receive GPS lost
cant wait to go under 5 minutes with the sf-70h
it looks like a mix of with and without
the sound when dash charging is enabled
are they gonna blame the nazis?
no get the 5
yes modded 
its cool or?
f
Stock looks more realistic from colors
black one. 
Its not Dusseldorf, its Wuppertal. Suspect still on loose
3 Harry Potter books is actually not true, you can stable them of course, because theyre quite small...
Depends of course how much pages. 3 Harry Potter Books or 7 normal books :D
I got it. Its really good and has a lot of space and zips bags inside. The quality is awesome...  Just ask what you want to know
Ah, it doesnt matter actually. Its their problem
it costs them storage costs. 
Yeah, its one of the worst apps ever for battery. I use fb with browser if i need it (occasionally, fb is dead)
yes I know, but why adding a slate grey version if only few people want it. 
how about midnight black for 6gb also? most people like the black more
Thats the good thing about having 2 models per year
This is 8D chess
But he paid for himself, not by rich daddy's money.
Lauda took a loan, so he could finance himself going in F1
decadence
https://www.androidfilehost.com/?fid=889764386195922284
dont have facebook app installed, turn off things that you dont need atm, set brightness to medium, thats it
staged
looks boring to me, you can go nearly full speed all time
Oh no, whole phone garbage when I cant use it at 480 frames per second
yes
Night shots are way better, but the when taking shots the preview is sooo laggy
I didnt have the case applied when I applied the tempered glass. Was awful procedure and took half an hour... Without case its the same issue
I think it has to be applied 100% correct, I got mine maybe 0,5mm wrong and its producing bubbles all the time.
Ok I got the official one with bubbles. At least yours was not that expensive
try a circle
just not the official one. ORZLY is said to be good
Can someone turn this into a salt shaker? :D
Sssh, dont make the FIA making halos for tires as well
Add NordVPN. It's really good and still cheap with discount codes
rainbow unicorn
NOBODY LIKES SLATE GREY
Thats well... very detailed
shakey shakey
Maybe you should not throw the phone on the hard floor next time
no, one of the main launch features was that there is only one global model
TL;DR: yes
Yeah I will move to a more traditional area in Germany now. This is just crazy what happens here, but the "normal" people seemingly still don't care or just don't react at all.
If you live in Germany 
Just tell me when its happening as soon as you know and i gonna try to be there
no upgrade
Latest official os. Nearly always Wifi on, VPN on, GPS most times on power save mode, Brightness automatic in middle and checking messages and so on quite often. 3 Hours SOT is really bad, there has to be something wrong OPs phone or an app (facebook) which constantly awakes the phone from sleep
9 hours SOT, look which apps are consuming so much. 
I got a mail from sellify that they updated it to V3 and I can download it. Also there is something on their blog mentioning it and explaining what they changed.
I would love to use them, especially since update 3.0... There are so few people playing it, youre right
in hungary? 
and last
Toro Rosso
You're probably one of these people who complain when their expectations are not met, but answering a survey about your expectations and needs is also annoying you.
These people will compain about everything. So hard to please, they should get 1 month a S8 or something. They would be so happy to come back.
That's shocking news there. I am literally shaking right now. 
1 TIME NOTIFICATION = spam 
mimimimimi
Prepared holes from Pirelli for Vettels next puncture in race
My OnePlus 5 disconnects with Bluetooth 4.1 speaker after like 25 min every time. dont know if its the speaker
Those hamilton fanboys
Bad bot
no. normal shipping was faster here
Next year i cant take F1 seriously anymore
Its for the safety to put a bar in front of you while driving 300km/h you know
Charlie is the raindrop redflag master
Downsizing engines? Redflagging every rain drop? Not going to traditional circuits anymore for profit?
the shield actually looked futuristic. This halo shit just looks like a trashcan on wheels.
FIA and especially Jean Todt is a JOKE! Maybe they should also limit the speed to 200km/h and engine to V2 for "Safety reasons"
In europe flip case for 3t is still availabe
I would order the Karbon one. Save feels good and looks good. My OP3 was loooking bad after one year usage without case
but all the reviewers say they are good (they get money from dbrand)
Mercedes has a "special" agreement with Pirelli and FIA
Its okay hes Hamilton remember? Mercedes gets no penalties for something like that
C'mon its okay. Hes driving for mercedes. FIA cant punish a mercedes driver 
Ham Fanboys (including sky) will go crazy like in Baku
Its ok, because he's driving a mercedes. So no further action is deserved
No problems here. Perfect connection! much better than other phones
Did you see those renders with the ceramic back plate? Black aluminium and red ceramic plate would be gorgeous. Thanks for asking the community on the colors!
Its ok, it was a mercedes driver so no penalty of course
Hamilton Fanboys gonna cry for a punishment
So did you test it already whether you can apply it on shipping and multiple vouchers at once? And please test if u want whether you can choose the colors of the bag since i would like the black one..
also have same issue. one bubble bottom right corner cant be removed at all
The 3 phones I heard of from Nokia wear all low- to mid-range
Believe me- OP5 vs OP3T is a huge noticeable difference. 

* The camera may be still in development, but the colors are amazing (green is fcking green), way better than 3T, 

* The 820 vs the 835 is a milestone, its way more durable and stays way more cooler than 820 (I hated that my phone heated up as soon as I did something, 

* The UFS 2.1 is super fast, Apps install & load near instantly (S8 is only UFS2.0)

* Got way more often LTE in my rural area now (Samsung has Exynos and not the Qualcomm LTE)

* Dash charging - you will miss it once you dont have it anymore

* S8 has touchwiz compared to good near base Android on OP5

* Do you really like Edges on phones? Do you like Bixby? I am not sure I do.

Sometimes its the small things that make a huge impact. OP5 was not the best phone with all the features we imagined, but its the compromise out there atm

My OnePlus 3 order also seemingly doesn't exist anymore... I wanted the invoice but it gives me an error
Wow thanks for letting me now. That would have been a bad surprise if mine expired suddenly
They points do have a life span? I dont think so. 30 days it can take to get the points, thats at least what I understood.
You also got a lot and don't need to feel bad at all. Your friends paid 12k at least for the phones, so they can at least give you a really small share of that for the advertisement.
How it is abusive if you got people to order the Oneplus 5? They made a lot of money with that. But now they put barriers for the people that actually made the advertisement for them. Instead of just rewarding people, who actually got them a lot of profit
Just maybe the new bag. However, I dont need 10 bags..
Yeah, thats really annoying that you can use just one voucher per order. I got 6000 and that should be enough for one OP5 at least... Moreover, I bought all the accessoires I need so...
Wonder how all the OnePlus haters here will react, when they actually fix this.
Yeah video takes way too much storage. Always such a pain to transfer them
Thats a lot. 40GB was my maximum
I would have ordered the smaller version if it would be available in black. Unfortunately it wasnt
and fucked up the F1 in the last 5 years
you can also read my thoughts? what do i have in my hand now?
No, i dont have this effect and I am happy with the phone 
Stroll went off gas
You just order too much phones. :D
I got 33° always. Thats awesome. My OP3 was heating up nearly every time I did something
ugh
You don't understand jokes, do you? It was originally not planned to be a bait. I think that Hamilton Fans are absolute outrageous about a small little incident, where both of the drivers did something wrong. It was unusual to drive slow after that corner. Nearly everybody warmed up their tyres, but HAM decided to slow down even more after that. Vettel could not react so fast and then drove into him. I acknowledge that his emotional reaction after that was a little bit too much, however I think that a little emotion has always made F1 special and not everything should be punished or forbidden. You understand that or you still think that for every little thing there should be a punishment, so that we have a total unemotional driver squad there soon?
This is no bait lel. I promise you xD
I got it and its really incredible fast even compared to my old fast OP3. 835 and the UFS 2.1 (faster than SSD) really does its work). If someone needs an invite code for 20$ off, just reply.
GERMONEY (member 7:1?) : https://oneplus.net/de/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
You HAM fanboys never accept when your love makes a mistake but then gets it back
I expected it to be really stiff (like carbon). However its quite flexible. For protecting against scratches and falling damages it will be quite useful, but not like the otterbox of course.
Also, it looks nice.
i dont think so. looks like a normal cable
That just 150€ profit for them. No thanks
* https://oneplus.net/de/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3 

Germany
I just heard India charger is bigger. 
https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
1) I like it that slim. I wanted a protector that prevents scratching and the edges. As far as I can see, it also just covers the lens barely. 
2) Yes Tempered glass is shit, was extremely difficult to get many bubbles away, now stuck with 2 on right corners. Original Protection was good but plastic of course

3) Bullets v2 are pretty solid. Did you try the Audio Tuner with the preset?

https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
lol no dont make OP5 so bad: UFS 2.1 compared to UFS 2.0, Snpadragon 835 vs Exynos 8895 in Europe, 3300mAh vs 3000mAh, 8GB vs 4GB RAM 
https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
Try this one. It worked some hours ago
We gonna win so much you may even get tired of winning and you'll say please, please Mr. president, It's too much winning! We can't take it anymore!
I dont think its 3D on the edges actually. It does not fit good there or the glue is weak.
Ok yeah, sounds legit... I dont have the technical knowledge, your english is good
Didnt know that USB 3.0 uses frequencies... 
Thanks for the summary!

We need new Oneplus 5 flairs mods. 
https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
Mine is pretty smooth. Maybe i don't get what everyone is talking about, but it just works fine except the known Wifi issue. 
I also put the animations to 0,5% so that its even faster.

Tempered glass from Oneplus for the OP5 is really shit. I still have 2 bubbles on the right corner bottom and top, which are impossible to remove somehow. They always coming back.
OK water-resitant water-resistant water-resistant. Happy?
They do everything for their profit. Licensing all their cables so they get the $$$ even out of third-party cables. 
Could be. Lets see when they can fix this.
Its not thick. Its actually really thin,  but still stable. It just covers the lense glass of the Camera, so it will not scratch so easily. I also had the fear it would be too thick, but i was positively surprised.
mimimimi
No of course not. 
I would totally do it again. Camera is of course not so good as U11, but it will surely develop with software updates. The design looks in real much better than on pictures and it feels really good. Apps are installing instantly and the Screen on Time is awesome so far. Much better than my old OP3. I recommend a Karbon Case, you can get it 20$ cheaper (so nearly free) if you use my invite code: https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
my tempered glass from Oneplus still producing a bubble one the right. Can not remove it somehow as it always comes back again

- We need Oneplus 5 flairs now
Yeah saw that answer already thx
That would be my question as well ;).
Can you fix the USB connection to PC issue? Can't connect my PC to my new OP5, while with same cable OP3 works great.
they just answered it that it affects LTE negatively. 
So far I would buy again. Currently, I can't connect it to my PC, however I think that Oneplus will answer me with a solution for that soon. Its reeaaally quick, Apps are installing almost instantly. I recommend the Carbon Case. Its slim and lightweight but very secure since the edges are secured. I also had some problems with the original Tempered Glass, which does not really fit perfectly on one edge. (https://imgur.com/a/Wigtv)
If you want to help me, please use my invite link when ordering :) : https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
Yeah i received it this morning and right now Accubattery says 9h Screen on Time. Thats pretty remarkable if you dont have it on always, it really will last a day.
Yes, that's probably one of the main reasons. 
At least Oneplus 5 has a really good battery life. With my old Oneplus 3, I seriously had trouble...
Do you know why my OP5 does not connect to my Windows 10 PC? I got OP3 as well and it works with the same Dash cable just fine.
none, you can just pray to the God on a long music festival for more battery.
Will you offer a Dash Charge Powerbank soon?
Will you offer a Dash Charge Powerbank in near future?
I don't have this jello effect. 
Because Screen on Time is fucking great now. 9 HOURS
OP5 is water resistant but not completely water proof. Youtubers put it in water for a minute and it survived without damage. 
Actually its water resistant. A youtuber put it in water for one minute and it worked completely. They just not advertised it to be waterproof, because then you have much higher costs and returns.
* Why is my OP5 not connecting to my Windows PC, but my OP3 does with the same cable?

* Why is my 3D Tempered Glass from Oneplus not fitting the edges on my OP5 and constantly producing bubbles? (https://imgur.com/a/Wigtv)

* Whats the Dxo Score of OP5? 
Just got mine. Battery lifetime is amazing with 9h SoT. Camera is way better than Oneplus 3. Apps install instantly. Portrait mode is awesome. However I can't connect it to my PC atm. 9/10 would buy again
India: https://oneplusstore.in/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
Germany: https://oneplus.net/de/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
United States of America: https://oneplus.net/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
Netherlands:https://oneplus.net/nl/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
France: https://oneplus.net/fr/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
United Kingdom:https://oneplus.net/uk/invite#IIL1SN7DIA2VRD3
Dash charge cables never break... Previous smartphone cables were broken every 2 weeks when i used samsung. Now I had one full year of OP3 cable and it still works like new.
And as far as I know, they are way faster charging
I just got it. AccuBattery says after 4 hour usage that Screen on Time is 8h 33 minutes, with Screen off it would endure 82hours and combined battery lifetime is 33h
I got the carbon one. It feels really nice and slim and protects the camera lenses. If you buy the OP5 through the link you get 20€ off accessoires, however not bundles.
If u need a referral code, please just say :)
My old OP3 works fine just with my PC. Thats the even weirder thing.
Can't connect  my OP5 to my PC. Anyone else has the problem or a solution?
no its fake news
no its fake news
no its fake news
no its fake news
THIS IS FAKE NEWS
FIA loves Mercedes so much they always give just Ferrari some punishments
hamilton did intentionally block vettel
Hamilton FANBOY DETECTED
Because Vettel is the better driver. Put them in the same car and see how Vettel destroys Hamilton.
Hamilton should have 10-place grid penalty for brake checking
it was hamiltons fault
Whiting is biased as fuck. 10 Seconds for HAM would be just fair for that brake-check, but nooo. 
Charlie Whiting is bros with Mercedes. He has just visited Mercedes Bosses (Lauda and Toto Wolff) before the race in Baku
If i would be you, i would just sell it for more money since some people pay extra to receive it now since its sold out everywhere
maybe its just the batteries that were produced back then
I saw during order process in germany something about 90€ by schutzklick . de
We don't laugh in Germany. We just work.
One of the few that got their OP5 in a real priority shipping speed. 
I think they told Dxo to wait for software updates and then release it. 
In Germany there is by an external provider. However 90€ is not worth it for a 500€ phone
Can i apply the tempered glass one above the preapplied one or is that like using 2 condoms? :D
it was a weibo vote. Maybe the chinese decided for nothing new. But actually i liked this one the most so idc
nice to hear. My OP3 had only 2600mah left after 1 year usage... 
DHL has nothing to do with it. Oneplus shipped out my OP5 this afternoon , although i should have received it today already. 
Same situation here
its air delivery
GB is ALWAYS overpriced on launch 
The plastic band downwards is supposed to be there (i dont know why, looks horrible but its also in the renders on the website). The thing is that his glass is also damaged (white on the pics)
I never use 4k anyways as I dont have any displays to use it for and file size is too insane anyways then
In German language "Depp" means "Douche". Google it. Seriously...
Mine stuck also but after 20 sec it went on
Yeah F1 2017 is my first choice. If that wouldn't be possible I would go for the F1 2007.
Lets all vote for Ferrari F1 2017 car. That would be awesome since usually it requires damn expensive license.
I got a Carbon Case, Black Headphones, 150cm Cable, Tempered Glass.. you just had to be quick, as always
Hope I get a 919
Donington is awesome...
My least favorite is Mugello
He constantly wiggles his steering wheel. Its just so much pain to watch it. It feels like he cant hold it, because its too heavy. 
gorgeous
give this man a coat
Wall of Champions doesnt fit anymore after Lance Stroll will crash on it
i upvoted it. still stays at 0 upvotes. free sprech 
dont cry
buy it then it works
update available now
When does multiple tracks on one server come?

there was once a multiclass race from abgefahren community
Stroll will never accomplish something. Just watch him drive onboard. Total garbage
Will there be any english livestream?
changing tracks on Servers. you always have to find a new one to experience the same track instead of having a Server with multiple tracks