Some TVs have an option in their settings that disables the ability of HDMI-connected devices to power them on/off. Sometimes in the event of a power outage / surge / software update to the TV firmware that option will be toggled Off. Check yours out. 

I believe it's HDMI-CEC or something like that. 
I've lived in The Bronx all my life, and the 2/5 has got to be the most poorly kept line I've ever had to commute on. Finding piles of trash, food spills, etc is pretty much the norm here. It seems like these trains don't get properly cleaned at their end points (Dyre, Wakefield, Flatbush). 
Bronxite here, can confirm. On more than one occasion I've had yellow cab drivers decline my fare once I tell them I'm headed to the Bronx. I've stopped arguing with them over it, it's easier to just exit the car on the passenger side and leave the door open. 
I'm a big fan of Firebase. I use it in a lot of my personal projects and even participated in a Google Firebase Hackathon a few months ago. I was first drawn in by the ease of use, but now I'm hooked. 
I used to work odd hours in the area, and from 3-4 the streets around there are dead. Especially if it's cold. On more than one occasion it was just me and a few of the cops that patrol the area 24/7. 

It's the only time midtown is actually nice. 
They're literally [twelve dollars on Amazon](https://smile.amazon.com/PECHAM-Appliances-Anywhere-Function-Required/dp/B078GLNVJ1/ref=pd_cart_wl_2_1?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=B078GLNVJ1&pd_rd_r=C7SB49W5XZN4DZ9VXP3A&pd_rd_w=stENi&pd_rd_wg=2q3nd&psc=1&refRID=C7SB49W5XZN4DZ9VXP3A). Several lights in my home turn on in the evenings and turn off at night whether I'm there or not. 


 The "empty buildings" thing doesn't mean that nobody OWNS these massive(ly expensive) luxury condos, it's that the people who do own them don't actively live here. They're bought by the ultra-rich to [use as tax shelters](https://nypost.com/2017/02/24/why-wealthy-condo-owners-havent-paid-their-taxes/), [but not actually lived in](https://www.citylab.com/equity/2015/05/why-billionaires-dont-pay-property-taxes-in-new-york/389886/). So not only are they taking up real esate in a city desperate for buildings with affordable housing, but since the owners don't actually reside in the city they're not contributing to the economy here either. 
Has nobody ever heard of automatic or timed lights..? Just because the lights are on doesn't mean that anyone is home. 
That's true, but the problem is that the people you're playing against do have aim assist. Especially when you get up close with them, it can sometimes be a struggle. 

Long range though..? KBM snipers are king. 
Looks like the one survivor was the pilot, who popped the raft and evacuated shortly after hitting the water. What'd he do, bail on the passengers? 
FYI, It's safe to curse on the fucking internet. 
I never said the majority, but as of 2017 Play Music pays out $0.0073 per play, and nowhere in their documentation (that I've seen) does it pay out different amounts to different artists / license holders. While it's not completely unlikely that certain large music groups may negotiate their own rates, I can find no evidence of that being the case. 

On the tech side of things, GH uses Actions and API.AI to parse speech and query results. Considering that API.AI is learning based off of not just you, but everyone who is using it, it tends to pull results from the larger Google Play Music library instead of specifically from your own. Which can be annoying, like in this scenario. You can see similar results when asking it to play YouTube videos on your Chromecast- you'll often receive a video that's more popular among the YT community at large than something you may have saved, playlisted, or bookmarked. It also happens when you ask your GH to play a song that you added into your Library manually, but does not usually exist on Google Play Music. Especially if there is a song in the GPM Library with a similar title.

You can see a lot of this in Google's own documentation for GH and Assistant. As for my sources, it's just from my working experience as an Android and Assistant developer. 
So the end user plays both the version you claim to be cheaper in licensing fees, as well as the song they originally wanted to hear once they realize their GH messed up? Wouldn't that wind up costing more? This claim makes zero sense - especially without evidence.
Time to do them like the Aussies tried to do [Johnny Depp's dog](https://www.theguardian.com/film/2017/jun/27/johnny-depps-dogs-australias-deputy-pm-threatens-actor-with-perjury-investigation). 
Quest 64 on the Nintendo 64. I'm just before the final boss and hopelessly unprepared. Amazing game once you get through the clunkiness of it all. Fun combat system, cool spells. Childhood me loved it. I ran the entire game with two save files (had me one of those big fancy memory cards!) but at some point I saved over  the wrong slot and got myself stuck. 
Yeah, they walk out [of class]. Pretty sure that still gets the point across. 
They've got a tough road ahead. Hard to build a literary community when the borough doesn't have a single book store. 
Wait, I go out there all the time during the warmer months - you mean to tell me there's a bar I've been missing out on!?
I've seen this happen at Atlantic on an uptown 2. Cops looked to each other and said "eh, he's not bothering anybody," and left him alone. The guy slept until we hit midtown, then got up and hurried off the train (just like they said - with out bothering anybody).
Ahh, the old "I'm going to kill you, wear you like a coat, and beat you to death with your own skeleton." 

I like it!
>Did you give a talk on this at the NY Android Developers meetup btw? Was a great talk.

First time I've seen the NY Android Developers Meetup mentioned in this sub, and of course it's in reference to a talk I missed. I try to make it every month, they really are an informative community. 
The further you are from a big city, the more likely this is. 
This comment was posted over six hours ago, and there's not a single reply with the logo shopped in yet. I'm disappointed, Reddit.
Want a quick bite in **Chinatown**? 
***Nom Wah Tea Parlor*** or ***Vanessa's Dumplings*** are great.

Best fish sandwiches on the LES come from ***Rainbow*** at the **Essex Street Market**.

You can pick up some delicious grilled corn at ***Cafe Habana*** off **Bowery**. 

If you're in the **East Village**, pop in ***Veselka*** on 9th for some great Ukrainian food.

If you're in the **West Village** swing by ***Olive Tree Cafe*** on **McDougal**, they've got some great middle eastern food, decent beer on tap, and are right above the famous Comedy Cellar, and ***Pommes Frites*** is also right across the street. 




I've used DS4Windows to have my machine simulate an XBox controller when a PS4 controller is plugged in. Not sure how it'd work for a Steam Controller though. 
Damn, that's amazing. I've been playing this game as a solo player for years, and the community never ceases to impress me. Goodluck all! 
I feel like people on Reddit use meta when referencing Reddit's "inside jokes," while memes are things you'd understand even if it's your first day here. 
I know it sucks, but I'd still recommend getting the Buzzard. Being able to summon them anywhere gives you the ability to fly right out to your next objective. It cuts mission times down signficantly. I can do VIP work like Headhunter in just a couple of minutes, and going out to get cars for Import / Export is super quick. 

Your best bet may be to just keep saving money and then buy the things you're looking for when they go on sale. R* cycles the sale items pretty regularly, with enough time you'll get lucky. 
If you can find a tame lobby, doing VIP work is nice for a quick boost. I like to cycle Headhunter, Haulage, and Sightseer. I'm fairly sure those work in Invite Only lobbies as well. If they do, you can do them there for 15k-20k a run. 

Buy a Buzzard, it makes everything easier and you can summon one directly to you at any time from the CEO Quick Action menu. 

I used the Cargo Warehouse to make the bulk of my early money. It's not the most fun thing ever, but big sales net a pretty penny. The sales are just hard to solo. 
I started on the 360, then wound up on the PS4 and PC. 

The PC version is by far my favorite - there are just so many things you can do with MKB controls that are nearly impossible with a controller. Quick drive-by with the pump shotgun and a motorcycle? No problem. Sniping out of the side of a friend's helicopter? Easy. But with a controller..? Not so much...

You can't transfer characters any more, and so you will have to grind out cash again. There's a starter pack available which gives you a good amount of resources to kickstart your criminal adventures, I'd recommend doing CEO car deliveries for quick cash. Selling collections is pretty profitable, and the Special Vehicle Missions you unlock are fun and pay well. 

My friends all say their MCs are the best revenue generating businesses in the game, but I still haven't seen a solid return on investment there. 


I've opted for non-removable battery and no microSD card for years now, and they're both priorities to me for the same reason- security. I wouldn't buy a phone with a removable battery or memory expansion.

I live in a big city, and I travel by mass transit. It's not always safe. Ive also lost my phone once before. Accidents happen. If my phone gets stolen, there's no way to power it down and make off with my device, or steal my data if you can't remove the battery or the SD card. I can follow the GPS, remotely active the cameras, and track you down until I find my device or the battery dies on its own. If it's powered back on after a shutdown, you need a complicated password to decrypt it and get past the boot screen.

As a mobile developer, my phone is my life. There's sensitive data, beta versions of apps, unreleased software, internal company communications, way to much to put at risk of having removable storage. That's not even taking personal information into account. 
Wow. I had a completely different experience once I called Google. Ten minutes on the phone and they sent me a free Pixel XL as a replacement.
Thanks for the giveaway! If I win I'm buying my buddies and I some co-op games. 
Yep, this. And it looks like the return value is only set to show five characters and a space, so the n in Min is being cut off, giving you NaN Mi
Well, GameInformer is owned by Game Stop, who make the bulk of their money reselling pre-owned console games, mostly by big studios. Their review in this case may be accurate, but it makes sense that they'll review a PC/Mobile only game poorly, as they want to drive sales to console games with resell value. 
Okay Mr 1,500 Platt. We've got a baller over here. 
That's plainly untrue. I can only cite one example, but I know for a fact that the Union Square firehouse has qualified, certified paramedics working as firefighters. 
Probably the back of the ibuprofen bottle where it talks about possible stomach damage. 
So what, do people just stop becoming doctors? Do you have any idea how much med school costs? 

Or are only the wealthy, who don't need loans for PHD programs, supposed to go into more advanced medical fields? 
Same here. Though I've heard the increase in speed may be temporary (they ran an ad campaign saying it would end in 2018) so keep an eye out. 
> with the flat side you can swipe leftovers from the table

Hoooolllyyyyy shit. That's genius. I had no idea. Thanks for the tip! 
Man, I [posted this source video](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/79re6t/levitating_star_wars_speeder_costume_in_nyc/) almost 24-hours ago, and wound up with one comment and seemingly negative karma. 

Reddit is hard. 
Why would you assume that? The UI runs on its own thread. 
I doubt it, but I did pay for monthly insurance. 
I started on Fi when the 6P was released. I'd recommend it over any other US carrier. Outside of the US, I can't really say. 
I had the same battery issue. I'm on Project Fi, and I contacted Google's customer support about it. 

They sent me a Pixel XL for free. 
MacBooks look significantly different from year to year. If you're familiar with them, it's not too hard to tell which is which. Even when they're covered in accessories. The ports say it all. 
I second this. 

Hardlight is an incredibly well modeled exotic, with essentially six different skins - one for each element, with and without the ornament. Definitely the best in the game. 
It doesn't have anything to do with Sony being cheap, it's actually a result of the way they've done their networking on PSN. There was a very good article written up about it recently, which you can read [here.](https://www.snellman.net/blog/archive/2017-08-19-slow-ps4-downloads/)
I did. And if you read that antitrust case and the article talking about it, in no point did Google do anything "deliberately shady or unethical," nor did they "spy on [anyone] unethically." So I don't really know what you're getting at.
Did you even read that article? That antitrust case had nothing to do with unethical spying. 
>She got heat for being insensitive to the neighborhood's violent history, but she didn't actually intend for the wall to be some kind of ghetto tourism attraction.  She was just obnoxious. 

Then you see what she named her menu items and... yeahhhh.... ghetto tourism. 

>> Try dragging Grandpa away from his right-wing hoax news being pumped out by fake news sites like "yournewswire" and "DC Gazette."
>
>There you go man. This is the shit the guy you are replying to is saying not to do. You post makes me go, 'Fuck you' 

If him wanting to stop people from spreading fake news on the internet makes you think 'Fuck you,' while criticizing him for being too divisive, you might want to consider rethinking your methods and priorities.
>Unless you work directly on the Niantic Sysadmin/Server Team... I'd bet money you simply have no idea what you're talking about.  


You think only people who work at Niantic understand how load balancing works, or how companies operate multiple ventures under limited resources? 

So because it didn't happen to you, it didn't happen to anyone else? Nobody here claimed it happened to every person who registered, only that it did happen to some people. Including the person making the claim. 
Younger voters were not impacted by the purge, but were impacted by their inability to register for the party in the first place. 
> they first did this for Obsidian, in February 2016. 

So right around the PkmnGo Beta?

>  two games are kept on entirely separate servers anyways

Say Niantic has 100 Servers. 50 run PkmnGO, 50 run Ingress. When an event is scheduled in GO (their new main cash cow) some Ingress servers are directed to take the PkmnGO load instead. So yes, they have separate servers, but they do not have unlimited resources. 

> despawn rates have been altered for anomaly weekends for over a year and a half now.

So about the same time PkmnGO has been out? It amazes me how many downvotes I'm getting... these Niantic fanboys/fangirls are something else. 
Niantic is beta testing EX Raids in PokemonGO while drastically cutting item despawn rates in Ingress. Sounds to me like they're transferring processing power from one game to the other while trying to weave it into Ingress' story as an "event." 
>I wouldn't jump to conclusions about who is at fault 

Did you watch the video..?
The most recent number I can verify is from 2015, and counts 5,850 incidents involving 6,885 offenses. So yes, literally thousands. 

https://ucr.fbi.gov/hate-crime/2015/topic-pages/incidentsandoffenses_final
Seriously? You live in fucking FiDi.
At the same time, hostile takeovers were (nearly?) unheard of in the video game industry until this popped up.  
No offense taken. I should have taken them to court over it but I was young, suddenly broke, and afraid of a big company with high paid lawyers. In my current field, I can't imagine something like this would happen again, but if it did I'm much more prepared to defend myself. 
My first job (NYC, Game Stop) did that to me and when I finally quit, I filed for unemployment because they sent me the paperwork. A month after I got approved I got a letter from the state saying the employer was contesting the unemployment and I had to pay it all back or see them in court. I was young and had no idea what rights I had or didn't have, and so I paid the money back (much of which I already spent and needed to dig into savings for) and was done with it. 

Pisses me off till this day. 
If you take 15 minutes to rob a store and are concerned something "can go wrong in a number of ways," you're doing it wrong. Rob a store -> drive across the street -> hide in an alley. Five minutes tops. The payout just sucks when you can do a Job or Mission and get 20k+
Sure you can. Doesn't make it legal, but you absolutely can. 
You must be new here. Google "The Central Park Five"
NYPL or BPL? Keep in mine they operate as two separate entities. 
The 5 isn't bad? You obviously don't live in the Bronx. The entire Dyre Ave branch has shut down every weekend (and nights!) for months now. 
He actually livestreamed a bit of it today, but from what I remember Wu-Tang won't let him release it to the public. 
Now if the NYPD would do something about my neighbor who's been hanging a noose in his window for the past few months, that'd be nice. 
I could never get into Gwent. I'm absolutely terrible at it. I'll go a couple of rounds thinking I'm in the lead, then the NPC will pull some card I've never seen and absolutely wreck me. I'm 60+ hrs into the game, and I've given up on Gwent entirely. 
Yesssss! I love Corsair. You guys are amazing. Good luck everyone! 
Overcooked, Octodad, Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime, Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light, Magicka, All of the LEGO games (The Hobbit was awesome), Rocket League... just to name a few.

The girlfriend and I play a lot of local co-op. She's a keeper.
> However, their career support is top notch and I think their industry recognition is higher than other bootcamps for non-tech industries.

See, I had the exact opposite experience with GA. 

Half way into the course, our Outcomes coach up and vanished. A couple weeks go by, and out of the blue about 70% of our cohort gets an email from her personal account explaining that she was "let go" by GA (who had been keeping us in the dark about the whole thing). She was replaced with a coach who took us back to square one in the outcomes process, despite us being in the opening stages of putting our final projects together, and who contradicted tips we had previously been given left and right. 

By that point, most of us were fed up with it, and I'd say roughly half of us declined further outcomes support in favor of spending more time on our projects and bolstering our portfolio. 

After graduating, the rest of my cohort cut outcomes support after a couple of months. They just weren't very helpful. As far as I know, none of us got hired through Outcomes.

This was an Android Development Immersive course. 


> At least they didn't say LoEaVi.

don't give them any ideas
What someone who doesn't know the difference between Lower East Side and the East Village would call St Marks Place.
Didn't know I was supposed to horde these. I've got R* stickers on my computer, laptop, notebooks, phone charger... I won a "runner up" prize in a Social Club contest and got a t-shirt and a bag full, then like a week later I was in downtown NYC and ran into the R* Street Team and got another t-shirt and more stickers. 
Thanks for the giveaway, OP. Good luck, everyone!
I had him for Math and Java. He's a damn good teacher, too. 
TBH, I didn't think the same link could get posted to the same subreddit twice. I was under the impression there was some catch for that, and the repeat submission would instead bring you to the first thread where the link was posted.

I'm pretty sure it used to work that way in the past. Not sure if something's changed, or maybe the two links had slightly different URLs.
The radios do work underground. Relays were installed decades ago and are regularly maintained. 
Anyone have suggestions for a good surround sound gaming headset that won't break the bank? I'm currently rocking the [Logitech G430](http://gaming.logitech.com/en-us/product/g430-7-1-surround-sound-gaming-headset) but I've been having problems with the USB dongle.
Can confirm: bought one of these and was blown away. As an aside- buy custom fans for it. 
If you live in NYC you know not to take the toll bridges any way. Fuck the triborough. 
Some Razer accessories will only work if you're logged into Synapse on your computer, or in the case of certain mice, will only work with the corresponding Razer mouse pad. 
As far as I know, you're correct. In my opinion, the best Ethiopian food can be found [in Brooklyn](http://bunnaethiopia.net/bunna/).
battle.net was around before Steam, and still runs strong as it hosts all of Blizzard's games (From WoW to Overwatch) it's a good system with strong anticheat, and Blizzard swings a big banhammer. This is a good thing. 
NYPD arrested the driver. They're saying he's not a terrorist - he was a drunk 26-year-old from the Bronx. Video of the arrest here:

~~https://www.instagram.com/p/BUPV0BKjL-l/~~ IG took the video down. Sorry folks. Young man, they had him on his feet, walked him to the back of a police SUV. 

edit 2: sourcing the NYPD comments from CBS' live coverage. They're saying he has two DWI priors. 

edit 3: screenshot of the arrest video from [another redditor in this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/nyc/comments/6bx5ac/multiple_pedestrians_struck_by_car_in_times/dhq7oe3/)

edit 4: As per the mayor: 23 injuries, one death, the driver was a Navy vet. No indication of terror

as per the police commissioner: driver went along the sidewalk from 42nd to 45th before colliding with a metal pole. The suspect's name has been released (I won't post it here, but you can look it up pretty easily at this point).
There's a way to seamlessly transition your Java code to Kotlin. Developers in NYC have been working with it for months. 
Baruch is one of the best schools in the CUNY system, especially their business school, which isn't easy to get into. It's seen nation-wide as an affordable alternative to prestigious private universities. 
...that poor Tracer. 
Optimum customer here: call them. They raised my bill, but after calling them they provided me with a new modem and I'm actually getting faster speeds and less disconnects. 
Sounds to me like you're mad you're bad. 

You could always play single player. 
So you'd like an activity in the online mode with no multiplayer components. Am I getting that right? 
Special vehicle missions? Those aren't freeroam and theyre really fucking fun. 
Despite the commonly discussed drawbacks, I really enjoyed Glass. Unfortunately, I think it's time I let it go. They're in great shape. I'd love to see them in the hands of a capable developer, or someone with a genuine interest in wearable tech.
 I couldn't help but immediately think of [Bastion from Overwatch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJTUOIBaj1o).
If the three year old died and the rest of the passengers had "minor injuries" I can't help but think she wasn't wearing a seatbelt. 
> it's across computer and phone. 

Just like Hangouts 
 
Props for actually putting the wax INSIDE the joint. I see way too many "pretty" rolls with the wax outside in a spiral. 
Entering on behalf of my best friend. He and I used to PC game pretty hardcore, but since our student loans started to pile up he hasn't been able to upgrade and his rig can't play anything now days. 

Awesome giveaway, good luck to everyone! 
Wait a second, is this really what the game looks like on XBox...? 
Can confirm. Met the NewGrounds team through a friend when I was a teenager. Fanboyed hard and got a bunch of stickers and a free t-shirt. Sawg aside, they were an awesome bunch. 
There are a lot of games that play well on the PC with a controller, but that's not what I'm talking about. 

Console games are built to be played with a controller, and use things like dead zones and joystick acceleration which don't transfer properly when you're using a mouse. In some situations there are settings you can toggle to get around this, but in most those things don't exist, so mouse mechanics can feel sluggish or inaccurate. It's especially noticeable when trying to make quick 180s or arcing movements. 

Mouse -> Controller = Fine

Controller -> Mouse = Not always the case
It's never perfect though. If you play a game that's otherwise similar across platforms (say: Overwatch) with KBM on PC, then try the same on PS4, you can tell it wasn't meant to be played that way. 
I wonder if this might be why he's opted to keep to himself on private resorts / islands since the end of his term -- I understand the man absolutely deserves an extended break, but maybe he's also laying low while all of this unfolds. 

He was President, after all. I'm sure he still knows more than we do now.
So the PC GTA:O is still toxic then..? I originally bought this game on the 360 and loved it, then on the PC when it was released and I loved it some more, but soon came the modders, and the griefing, and the hacks... I couldn't take it any more, and so I bought it again for PS4. 

I miss my full 1080p 60FPS, I miss my mouse and keyboard controls... but when you can't go more than an hour in a public game without having someone explode the lobby, or spawn tanks on you, or attack your shipments with an invulnerable chrome hydra, it's just not fun. 
I call them New York Moments, and they happen more than you might think. 
The Bronx covers almost 43 miles of upper New York City. As a borough, it's neither "good," nor "bad." There are some rough neighborhoods, but there are also some incredibly safe and beautiful ones. The safest police precinct in NYC happens to be in the Bronx.
Specifically, the most Bronx thing ever. 
You're trying really hard.
If I win this, I'm gifting it to my best friend. He and I were big PC gamers growing up, but after graduating college he hasn't been able to rebuild, since he's buried in student loan debt. 

This would be a huge upgrade to my current rig, but I don't care. I'd love to be able to bring him back into the master race. 

Thanks everyone!
More than perjury, this is a clear violation of the Logan Act, isn't it? 
> "Any citizen of the United States, wherever he may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned "
So this is a clear breach of the Logan Act, right? 

> "Any citizen of the United States, wherever he may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned "
If you're putting your bud on the outside, doesn't that just burn off into the air? It looks cool af but I don't understand why else you'd do that. 
Dunno who made this bot, but as a newbie dev who's been looking to dabble in Reddit bots myself, this is both awesome and informative! Excellent job.
Unfortunately, I am aware of Staten Island. To further my point, not a single part of Staten Island is greater than 25 miles away from Union Square. 

[Here](http://www.freemaptools.com/radius-around-point.htm?clat=40.738722&clng=-73.990080&r=40.2336000153673&lc=FFFFFF&lw=1&fc=00FF00&mt=r) is a map with a radius drawn from the current point of interest. 
If you have to trek 25miles from Union Square to get there, gtfo our subreddit because you're not in NYC. 
> He knows full well that middle America won't elect a Jew from New York.

The only people I ever see making this argument are Boomers and older, conservative, Gen-Xers. I wonder why.


If you continue into season 2 you'll realize there's a reason for all that ... I won't spoil anything, but I felt like saying it's worth pushing through till the end. 
>> US Intel Services run a huge amount of Tor exit nodes. Exit nodes are necessary for Tor to run.

>Citation needed

The Snowden leaks on the NSA and Tor. This has been known for a while now. Im on mobile so I'm not going to go pull quotes for you, but Google is your friend for more details. I specifically remember one from the NSA titled Tor Sucks or Tor Stinks or something like that, where they discussed Tor's vulnerabilities and how they planned to exploit them. 

Also lol at the idea the US Intel cares about budget. Have you heard of PRISM?
DRM isn't specific to digital, it is also a requirement for physical copies. Ever install a PC game from a CD? It's still got a CD Key, doesn't it?
When the game is published on a platform like steam, the developer isn't paying the hosting costs. Steam takes a cut, and it's just about the same cut that a video game retail store takes. But in this case, the developer isn't paying to print up physical copies.
US Intel Services run a huge amount of Tor exit nodes. Exit nodes are necessary for Tor to run. Maybe in that sense, they're funding Tor? 
That's the friendly line. 
Who, Earth Angel? 
> Got to be cheaper then a single lawsuit though. 

My thoughts exactly. I'm a NYer and it seems as though I see settlements against the NYPD in the tens of millions every few months. Hopefully with these cameras in place that frequency will die down. 

Do you really think the driver /delivery person is going to tell the authorities you put $5 in their hand before you stepped out of the car / closed the door on them?
> one day you could have upwards of 10 upvotes on reddit...im living proof of that.

living the dream 
Agreed. I call this *she-bagging*. 
Okay Blizzard, I think we just found the theme for some "April Fools" content this year. 
I'd binge this on Netflix.
Yup. Fractured a tooth on NYE and I've been putting off scheduling an appointment with my dentist because I don't have insurance and I know it's gonna cost an arm and a leg. 
I just liked being able to point and say "Dickchicken" every so often. 
1. 5 Train Shuttle to E180th St, as 5 trains no longer go from the BX to Manhattan on the weekends. Get on a downtown 2 train.
2. Take the 2 train to the 4 train at 149th St to continue down the east side
3. Take the 4 train to 14th St and get on the 6 to catch a local stop for my next transfer
4. Take the 6 train to the B/Q to ride out to Brooklyn.

This is any of my Bronx -> Brooklyn commutes on the weekends, or any late night trips back from BK -> BX when the lines have limited service. Total ride time is roughly two hours in either direction.
"Let's get rich."
Is that the guy from that TV show where they lock a bunch of bros up in a haunted house/hotel/factory/etc over night and they go in with a bunch of cameras and other recorders to try and seek out the paranormal?
And nothing of value was lost. 
Asking Aeden "When are you?" yields quite a long chain of dialogue with interesting results at the end. 
They may have meant American MSM
The radar pulse is another "hit," and depending on your loadout it might be 2. I also believe the default loadout counts crits as double. 
Yeah, I came here to say this. The Bx8 from Throggs Neck to St Catherine's doesn't stop through any neighborhoods I'd consider hood at all. It doesn't surprise me that this happened at Westchester Square though, some of those Lehman kids are savage. 
I wonder how that would even work. I know a lot of people who got NYCIDs even though they're legally born and raised in NYC. They got them just because they thought it'd be cool to have (it grants you free passes to a lot of stuff in the city on non-free days), and from what I remember of the application process there's nothing that would identify you as a legal / illegal resident. The entire NYCID campaign was just to get photo IDs into the hands of people who didn't have them or wanted an alternative to a non-drivers license, not to build a database of illegals as you seem to be implying.
Not even close. NYCID is voluntary, anyone can get one, even if you have a federal or state ID.
I don't support a registry of any kind, but I was wondering that too. How exactly would something like this work..? I can only assume it's been done before, with how many states go against federal mandate for local laws (see: marijuana) but I'm not sure what the precedence is for something like this. 
Swinging around corners with the grappling hook is kind of amazing. 
Beyond that, be sure that the time is being checked and saved as often as possible without impacting gameplay. In the case of a crash / force close / etc you may not get the same triggers you would when the user properly quits out of the game. 
537 individual votes made up the difference between the two candidates? Bullshit. 
During the last round if Trials, two friends and I came across the craziest cheaters I've ever seen in a console game. Ten seconds into the match we all started getting PSN notifications from IDs that were nothing but a string if numbers, spamming us with group chat messages saying "omg choke me daddy, fuck me hard." 

The notifications popped up in the top left of our game windows, perfectly covering our radar each time. If we tried to leave the group chat or block the spammer, we'd get sent another message from a different ID. We basically had to forfeit a round so we could all go into our PSN settings and turn global notifications off. It was the only thing (and we tried several others) that would stop it.

The moment the match ended, so did the spam. We all took screenshots and reported it to Bungie. 
Sure, but do you want a 20-30min cab ride with a guy who you just had to threaten before he'd bring you home? It's easier to just curse him out and find another cab. 
As someone from The Bronx, it happens a lot. On most nights I need to get into 2-3 cabs before I find one that will take me home. 
You do realize this could have been a mechanical malfunction, right? What a horrible thing to say, have some compassion. 
"Good." - my 66yr old father, who was personally impacted by the Happy Land Fire. 
Or he's a troll who likes baiting people like you who'll actually give him thought out replies. 

Or both. 
    //Initialize the draw
    drawing = true;

    //Draw the string 
    //draw_set_alpha(1);

    //set the color
    draw_set_color(c_white);
    draw_set_font(fnt);

    //track text within box, line break where needed
    if (string_width(str) > width-padding-padding ) {
        //line break, 
        message = string_delete( message, last_space, 1);
        message = string_insert ("#", message, last_space);
        ds_list_add(start, last_space+1 );
    }

    //make sure we haven't reached the end
    if (count < string_length(message)) { 
        //check charAt
        if (string_char_at(message, count ) ==  " " ) { 
        last_space = count;
        }    
       count ++
    }
    //track text within bottom of the box
    if (string_height(str) > height-padding ) {
        line++
    }

    str = string_copy(message, ds_list_find_value( start, line),        count-ds_list_find_value(start, line));


    draw_text(x+(padding*2), y+(view_hview[5]/4), str);
    drawing = false;
When the app runs, a text box appears in the middle of the screen with mock-up "login info" for the game. I used the second tutorial video linked in my post to do this and modified the code presented in the video to fit my app and to ensure it works correctly across several device sizes. The code below is currently in my draw event for an object that, when placed, draws out a line of text.

I took a look at Shaun's tutorial in the first video linked and realized that a lot of what I did can be done in a script, and using a script would allow me to pass several instances of text to it. 

There are four menu buttons in my game, when a player clicks a menu button, I would like the text describing that menu button to type out the same way the intro text does, and in the same location.  I'm guessing the best way to do that is scripting (similar to writing a method in any other OOP language?), but I'm not sure how to bring it all together to make it work. 
And REEEEE is a nod to WRYYYY which has been around (on the internets) since... 2003? 2005? And had been in Anime / Vidya since the '90s
It was around long before Pepe. 
Don't worry about it. When you install Game Maker you'll be asked to sign in to your YoYo account, which will sync your license. 
Please go back to where ever you came from. /u/isaokmike has it right here... you simply don't. I'm surprised they've entertained you for so long. I'm sure you're a transplant (or part of the bridge & tunnel crowd) because you don't seem to understand the city at all. 
Not every post on Reddit has to be a contradiction / rebuttal to the post before it. Sometimes people just like to throw in their two cents. 
Which was fine, because nobody plays Hardline. 
Game's bad. Nothing unfortunate about that. My friends and I still play BF4.
It's what winning your cell looks like. 
Man, that console aim assist is crazy. 
I purchased No Man's Sky on release day on the PS4, as my PC's power supply had burnt out months ago, and I couldn't get a replacement until just recently. These mod SSs are making me wish I had waited- has anyone here played the game on both platforms? Is it worth the second buy?
I disagree. Most transplants couldn't afford Manhattan rent. Brooklyn? Queens? Heavy transplant / immigrant populations. 
I know I'm going to get downvoted to oblivion for this, but there's some good here - a light at the end of the tunnel. The rising cost of the EpiPen (with the patented deploy system) will cause competing pharmaceutical companies to being development of alternatives / generics. Once released, competition will cause the price to fall. 

In the past, the low cost of the EpiPen and its universal adoption made development of alternatives inviable. Now? Not so much. 
MacBooks absolutely are repairable. Mine has been dropped, banged around, and had beer spilled on it - the Apple store has always been able to get it fixed for me. 
Found the modern country music fan. 
Literally everywhere outside of the capital cities. Did you think the bad apples of today just sprung up over night?
Not on the internet. 
Living in the heart of NYC, I wish it were that easy. Even if I pack a car (or two) full of friends and drive around taking gyms, it's rare that we'll hold more than one at any given time. 
What does the crowd keep cheering in the background? 
TL;DR
If anyone would like to download this, remember: you can add /zip at the end of the URL and download them all as a zip file. 
So many cuts there was a continuity error at 2:26. 
>(Aren't cops taught to aim for larger body parts to begin with?).

No, absolutely not, no. And you suggesting that shows how little you know about guns to begin with. A gun is a deadly weapon, and anyone who is given one is trained to draw that weapon only with the intent to kill. 

That's part of the reason people are so justified in being horrified when lesser cops draw their weapons on undeserving civilians. 
Sign me up.
I agree that it's all HR bullshit, but what are you supposed to do when it's HR people looking at the applications in the first place?
Was that the one with laser tag and mechwarrior in the basement? That place was awesome. 
One block West of the Sheepshead Bay B/Q stop there's a Halal cart whose lamb over rice blows my mind. 
I made an 11k MU field by accident once in the outer boroughs of NYC. 
Same here with my 6P. I think I made right right choice in keeping it, though. 
I'd buy it. 
All of my best professors have been adjuncts, all but one of my tenured professors were horrible lazy people. 

I think I found the problem. 
if there aren't any consequences, why not?
The Hillary camp sure seems to think so.
One precinct in one borough of the city. Not all of the NYPD. 
Wasn't this exact sort of thing covered in the HBO show Silicon Valley? The megacorp Hooli had a team set up to do this. 
That's largely because the Hasidics hate them too. 
I encourage you to watch the replay videos of the live stream. I have a feeling your opinion may change.
And Aperture Science went from shower curtains to Portal Guns... 
just sayin'
The big guy with the hook can pull Bastion out of turret mode. It's hilarious.
Everyone seems to be talking about $40 being the price point but nobody is discussing the $60 price of the console versions. I definitely think Overwatch is a $40 game, but $60? No way- not unless there's a lot more content than we saw in the Beta. 
I don't think the people over at RT got the memo. 
I think that if you do a little research you'll find that the startup NYC / tech tax breaks didn't really help startups, especially in NYC, at all. The legislation was largely tainted by outside lobbying and wound up benefiting chemical, industrial, and upstate businesses more than the NYC tech scene it's named for. 
If any of you have the purple camera problem, contact your carrier. Most carriers recognize it as a defect and will exchange it for a refurbished model with a new camera for free. If your carrier won't handle it, contact HTC, they should. 
>useless traffic cops... 

You mean "traffic enforcement officers"


There is another NPC who, depending on how you interact with them, will cause the woman to leave. You may have triggered that event. 
He's right. I've given her all the dark tomes but she only leaves if you buy the hexes off of her. A friend and I have been progressing together, but I didn't buy anything. She's there for me but not him. 
When a player is considerably higher level than you, the game scales them down. That icon represents that scaling
Are they considerably lower level than you? That's the restriction we found. The level scaling summons (I'm ~65, summoners were ~10) couldn't see my sign with the dark sigil on. 
Yup. You can pick them off of the tree outside of Firelink Shrine. 
There is a negative side to hollowing - it impacts co-op play. My friends and I tested it extensively, and it seems that even with a password you can not join on a lower level friend if you are hollowed. It also makes it harder to summon two players at once, so you have to use the dried fingers. Cleansing the dark sign completely removed these restrictions and we were all able to play again. 
Actually in New York City they removed that line from all police clothing and vehicles years ago. 
I don't want to be that guy, but I have to ask--- what's up with the title? Why Defected Product instead of Defective Product? 
I guess I'd call myself a junior developer, and I've spent the last month teaching myself Swing. Is it really on the way out..? Should I stop what I'm doing and look elsewhere? 
Can totally confirm the jet thing. I was once playing Hainan Resort on a team with no commander while the enemy was pounding us with cruise missiles. I decided to try shooting them down mid-flight a la Ace Combat 4.  It worked surprisingly well. 
It will sooner or later. It's only NYC which will see $15/hr by 2018, the rest of the state will follow suit after. 
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ RAISE YOUR BANANAS ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ RAISE YOUR BANANAS ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ RAISE YOUR BANANAS ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
My friends and I haven't abused a single exploit, we all got the game on day one, and most of us, I'd say three-quarters of us, don't know what to do anymore. It certainly isn't a matter of people running exploits, there simply isn't enough content in the end game
In all fairness, when you play GTA V on a PC after playing on a console it feels like an entirely different game. There's even more content, not including mods. 

Try doing a sawed-off drive by on a motorcycle on PS4. Then try it on a PC.

We're not asking for that level of differentiation on a Destiny PC port. They could give us the exact same game @60FPS and we'd love it just the same.
But then the community went up in arms and the devs reversed their decision, didn't they? Im pretty sure those loot safes aren't even in the game any more. 
Auto-joining on a low population server, usually while AFK, to give the illusion of a higher server pop which will hopefully attract more players. 
Oh, they do. They just rely on the fact that most of their readers don't. 
In what way? Bloomberg came down hard on working families and small businesses in the form of taxes, tickets, and hard regulation. His housing and zoning policies priced a lot of people out of neighborhoods they had been in for decades and shut down a lot of small mom and pop businesses, only to have them replaced by corporate chains. 

I will not say DeBlasio has been good for this city- he certainly hasn't done anything (that i know of) to help. But at the same time, I don't think he's done anything to harm your average New Yorker either. 
Why not? It bans state agencies travel to NC. Cuomo is head of the state. It doesn't impact civilians at all. 
I've found that the battery on my 6P will last for days if I'm not using the phone much. I've gone two days without hitting the critical battery warning. 
I call bullshit. They'll say they're running out of money until they get a bigger allocation, then they'll magically find [1.9 billion dollars again](http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2013/09/28/mta-audit-reveals-unanticipated-surplus-of-nearly-2-billion/).
I wish. 
You're young. You'll be fine. 
Can't you get incendiary ammo from the back of the security wing in the BoO?
Firing your weapon will slow you down since you can't sprint and shoot, also firing on other non-rogue agents will make you go rogue yourself, so they're waiting for a clear shot. 
>but not everything is a Clinton conspiracy

Of course not, I highly doubt her campaign has control over a state run website. That's kind of ridiculous. Her supporters couldn't register to vote either. 
>Hillary beat Obama by almost 20 points there.

Good thing it's Sanders on the ballot this year and not Obama then, huh? 


My biggest concern in the NYS vote is that our voter registration / party registration page on newyork.gov was down for nearly 24-hours on the final day to register for the primaries. I know quite a few people who weren't able to register until just after midnight, when the servers magically came back online.
I can tell you're not from New York. 
Ha, I was just writing a Java app to do exactly this... guess I'll put that project on the back burner. Well done, mate. 
I'm certain they realize how big they are with Ingress players.
I'd love to do this. My friends and I play with a group of six-seven people, and lately it feels like we have to split DZ up between the "A Squad" and the "B Squad"
I'd love to see a build for $350 that can run GTA:Online, The Division, and Dark Souls 3 at 30FPS (I'll even give you some leeway for stuttering under heavy loads) and CoD / Dark Souls 2 at 60FPS consistently. Include a Mouse and Keyboard in the price, consoles come with a controller. 

I work with PC hardware for a living and I can't imagine how it'd be possible. 


I'm a PC gamer and this is simply not true. PC > Console all day, but there's no way you'll get a more consistently reliable machine than a PS4 for the price. Not right now at least. In a couple of years? Probably, sure. 
Seriously, they do that? The two USB thing I mean. Why..?
To be fair, you knew what you were getting into. 
You know what gets me? Somebody thought this was a brilliant enough idea that they took pen to paper and wrote it down. Then they got someone to illustrate it. Then they paid money to have copies printed. And all along the way, not a single person in the process stopped to think "This is dumb. What're we doing?"
Might that have something to do with load times? Maybe they're not AFK but actually still loading in. 
Wait, wait, wait... this is far from the first time I'm reading something like this in the comments today. I finally have to ask:

wut?
Took me five seconds to Google. Sorry I'm on mobile and can't provide a better formatted link. 

http://freebeacon.com/politics/the-hillary-tapes/

The quote in question is: “It was a fascinating case, it was a very interesting case,” Clinton says in the recording. “This guy was accused of raping a 12-year-old. Course he claimed that he didn’t, and all this stuff ... had him take a polygraph, which he passed – which forever destroyed my faith in polygraphs,” she added with a laugh.

EDIT: Dunno why this got Downvoted into the negatives. Someone asked for a link and I provided one, included the quote, and left my personal opinion out of it. Damn guys, what happened? 

Thanks for the links, that actually reaffirms what /u/DaddyD68 was originally saying though. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, we in the states get considerably less holiday, vacation, and sick leave than our European counterparts. According to the BLS, even after 25 years of service, a professional / technical employee (the category which earns the most PTO) will not earn as many paid vacation days as some countries in the EU (such as Austria) legally give every full time employee. 
Care so source any of that? Particularly the sick days / vacation leave part. 

Maybe I need to look into a different field. 
Source? For that second part. 
Goodness people, it's less than a minute of actual gameplay and everyone is making judgement calls already. 
CUNY - City University of New York is not the same as SUNY, which is the State University of New York.

Good try though. 
Right. It's not a "premium" it's the actual cost of the phone. The reduced price through a carrier is subsidized. 
KanyeQuest 3030

*ascend*
If I don't play Wednesday I can't pick up a gun? They're only available one day out of the week?
Isn't that only in the air though? 
I just wish Shoulder Charge had a Visible timer. I can't count the amount of times I've charged up to someone only to have it run out just as I got to their face. 
I thought a Titan with max Armor and a chest with the relevant armor buff could also withstand a shoulder charge. No? 
[10]?
I got a case of Redbull because "Redbull doesn't give you wings" - all I had to do was put my name on a list. 
New York City has been doing the same sort of thing over the past few years. They've lowered the speed limit, added bike lanes everywhere, and turned a lot of the city's major intersections into pedestrian plazas. 

You can't even drive through most of Times Square any more. 
The doublethink is strong with this one. 
I doubt there was any legal breach here, because most states do allow you to record people without their consent, or with the consent of only one (not necessarily all) of the parties involved. It's still a dick move. 
And you don't think that the rise of social media, particularly politically active millennials taking to social media to encourage their peers to vote, might help Sanders in the same way it helped Obama? It's not like Obama was blowing away the primaries either. 
Maybe those issues are important to you, but to many others institutionalized racism is a daily issue, right here at home. You're displaying a frightening lack of sympathy. 
It's almost as if things are more complicated than simple black and white! 
Have you ever played Destiny? In game inventory management is restrictive and terrible, but the Destiny App is absolutely amazing. 
Well I mean, he's literally donald trump, so...

This works way better than most people realize. The figure eight recalibrates everything from GPS location to compass heading. 
I wish they did though. They were great fun. 
I think you mean that the other way around. 
You do know that the inspector who was convicted of taking bribes had nothing to do with the past crane collapse, right? 
Any idea when these tests were changed? 
Less fat people. 
I've declined bag searches at the Brighton Beach BQ stop, 42nd St, and Atlantic Ave without incident. I never had an issue boarding my trains through another entrance. The fact that the officers immediately began asking this blogger drug-related questions makes me believe there's more to this story. 

Or this is just another shining example of the NYPD's inconsistencies in policing. 
Absolutely untrue. You can even ask them. The search is only for admittance through that specific station entrance. You are allowed to decline, leave, and enter elsewhere - though they may request a search if they see you in the station later on. If you decline again, they will escort you out. You don't get arrested for exercising your right against search and seizure, you're not breaking any laws.
Aiming with a mouse is infinitely easier than amazing with a joystick. Imagine how easy it is to follow a moving target with a mouse cursor - tracking ticks on the Smart Pistol was stupidly broken. 
Did you play on PC? Smart pistol on PC was obviously broken. 
I've already seen them on the B, Q, 2, and 5. They made a difference back in the day, it may work again if they bolster their numbers. 
Little Nemo. A movie about a little kid whose bed takes him on a terrifying journey through his nightmares? Yeah, great way to make young me afraid to go to sleep at night.  
Red Spectre + Stability Perk + Range Perk

I feel like I have the perfect primary. 
Oh wow, he killed half the Battlefront community.
They hand out The Daily News for free at least once a week outside of the 86th St, 59th St, and 14th St subway stations. Usually in some sort of promotional wrapper. 
Wizard / Priest dual class. I don't remember all the specifics of that game any more, but I was part of that evil religion and used to farm CR with some friends when I wasn't busy killing people for their stuff in Medina (the place you had to sail to? I think that's the name). I'm pretty sure I was banned from the main city  We were big into PVP too. My best friend was a Warrior / Rogue, our other friend was a Warrior / Monk. Nice little three-man combo there. 

Fun times. You?
Holy shit, is this a Dark Ages reference? Take this Upvote for bringing me back to my highschool days. 
To kill other killers maybe?
>I agree...  Ignoring it is the only thing that seems appropriate.  

...and then you go on to say...

>For players that tresspass a lot, perhaps reporting them to the specific land managers.  

How about just minding your own business?

Play "Don't Look Back" the whole game is less than 10 minutes long. I played it years ago and I still recommend it whenever this sort of question pops up.

In short: yes.
In NYC they'll make you pour out your open containers and ticket you. 
Prosperity got shut down months ago... I'm still not over it. 
I was in the intro to Sesame Street back in the early '90s. One of my classmates had a relative in the show (I believe he was deaf) and the producers needed a few dozen kids to film the intro scenes for their new season. My classmate spoke to the principal at our school and two or three grades got to go on a field trip to Sesame Street to participate in the filming. 

I'm in the stands cheering in the background of a track-and-field footrace. 
The first time Battlelog detects problems running in Chrome it tells you to do this. I'm not sure how much more obvious you expect it to get. 
I thought everyone just bought cables from monoprice.com these days. 
Having unedited thumbnail data within edited JPEG files is not unheard of. 
Occupy Wall Street in NYC. Look up the videos from the park when the police came in in riot gear and cleared the place. Nobody was in the streets, or obstructing pedestrian or vehicle traffic, other than the NYPD. I was watching from the press staging area. It was pretty insane. 
Log in to the Rockstar Social Network site from a PC. That usually unlocks the account for use in game / in the app / etc.  It's happened to me a few times. 
The Sonic CD intro was a lot of fun. I used to sing that song over and over when I was a kid. 
>State Senate elections are coming up in 2016 and the Republican majority will be in play.  Tell all your friends who live in Long Island to vote to clean house. 

Yeah, that's gonna happen. </s>


If you own a 10-car, fill it, and then sell it for a house up north, your additional cars are put in "storage" where they can be called via your mechanic. You don't suddenly lose your vehicles.  
I've only got one "high end" apartment that I never go to any more. Give me my cheap apartments in beautiful scenery up north any day. 
And you get Bad Sport for blowing up their personal vehicle. 
I think a lot of us did, it was the first logical upgrade from the M7. Front facing speakers? Check. Solid camera? Check. Non-removable battery / no SD? Check. 

Those last two, a problem for some, are necessary to me for the security of my phone. 
I dunno about the "little to no media attention" thing. This story has been buzzing around NYC for a while now. 
PC player who came from last-gen here. You could always do this. Sometimes it doesn't give you the prompt, but as long as you wait for the chopper to stop  it's always been possible. 
I'm not as polished on the lore as I'd like to be, but hasn't the universe been at war for centuries before the events of the game? How would one year of Guardian missions reverse that? I know we're a powerful force, but we've got a lot stacked against us. 
I'm willing to bet that wasn't the yogurt...
>I'm a Democrat, but the FBI is influenced by Obama

Since when does the president have that sort of influence over the FBI? 


You'd be surprised at how widespread WiFi is in some places. 
I feel like you're underplaying caster quite a bit. Remember that if you're going pure caster you have no armor and zero health. Most trash mobs will one or two hit you. 

I played Caster on NG and then switched a a 2H GS and medium armor for NG+. Having to dodge every single attack that was thrown my way, with no mechanic for a block or a parry made me VERY good at timing my movements for when I had to tackle the game as a melee character. 
Fish Stick, Salsa, Tartar Sauce. 

Got it. 
All of this subway violence seems to occur in / around East New York. You'd think the transit cops would step up their efforts in the area, maybe use some more undercovers like they did back in the '70s / '80s when the trains got bad. 
Build a game on LSD, watch as your AI comes to life, and then spend an hour thinking over the morality of shutting it down. 
PC. All of my friends have it on PS4 though. The lack of community has me tempted to switch, but the the game just plays and feels so damn good on the PC...
If you read my comment history you'd realize that I really love this game, I praise it way more than I criticize, and I love that they keep giving us more and more free content. I just wish I could actually play most it.
Yet another game mode I can queue up for for ten minutes just to play with one or two other people. 
Yay! More game modes I can queue up for for 10mins and then play against one or two other people. 
>Lol that just means that you're fucking trash with keyboard and mouse. How the hell do you even get a KDR as low as 1.4 on a game as casual as Call of Duty?

See this right here. PCMR? Don't be this guy. 
I think I've got you beat. 
https://i.imgur.com/baQut6r.jpg
I've had the game since release and I really don't think the modders are that bad - especially not now. Finding sessions without modders hasn't been especially difficult, and those with modders (especially recently) haven't been super abusive of other players. 

You say you've also downloaded mods - is it possible you're being pooled with other modders? Have you "protected yourself" enough to warrant you being placed in the Bad Sport pool? Especially if you're seeing modders in missions - that's something I've never come across at all.
>Most Jews in Israel are xionist and they are the ones making Israel hell for the Palestinians

Most? Really? Care to back up that claim? 
I live in a city of eight million people, in a community of mostly transplants. "Where are you from?" is a common conversation starter- we literally mean where are YOU from. 
With their parents' credit cards. 
Even ballers like a BigMac from time to time. 
I felt like the skyhook was built for PC gaming. The accuracy you could have with MKB while on the rails was crazy. Sniper rifle while flying around and a shotgun for CQC made that game so much fun. I rebought it on the Playstation to try and get a friend into it, but it just wasn't the same... The shooting felt far too loose with a controller. 
This made me think of those horrible Bonsai Kittens from the old school internet days. 
I found it on one playthrough and could never find it again. 
A modder attached him to you. Be careful with what you do to get him to go away. One of my Steam friends had this happen to him and had to go into single player to finally kill the guy. When he logged back on to GTA:O he got a 20-yr ban. 
Ahh, the Trump Card. Build a wall around the islands. 
Ohhhh I'm in for one copy! Thanks OP! 
I thought the R* announcement about the rebate specifically stated that it was only on ONE property purchase. 
I enjoyed DS2 more than DS1. I played the original before the sequel came out in order to catch up on the story and learn about the lore, but even with dsfix the game felt dated. 

DS2, especially SotFS is incredible. My friends and I sunk months into Bloodborne, but we all came back to SotFS in the end. 
No, but Leonard's are okay. 
I saw one of those cars running south along the 6 line from Union Square on Saturday. Right in the middle of 20min+ train delays. Nice priorities the MTA has there. 
Smoking... what? 
Living rent free in a nice house with my parents more than makes up for it. I used to live closer but moved back home when I decided to go back to school and finish my education. Part of it's the cost (they pay the same to rent a 4BR house that I did to rent one bedroom in a 3BR apartment in BK), part of its the comfort.
Can confirm. I commute from Pelham Parkway (around The Bronx Zoo) to Manhattan Beach (South East end of Brooklyn) for school every day, and after two buses and three trains, my trip is two and a half hours on a good day. 
And the *hiss hiss* was from his trouser snake. 
I'm thinking marijuana. 
That's a nonsensical reason to avoid one of Android's most powerful tools. 
I'm lucky in that it's available at almost all of the underground stations along my commute. Sometimes connecting is a pain, as it's not available in between [most] stations, but I mean.... if you're underground and have to choose between spotty WiFi or no connectivity at all, I'll take the spotty WiFi any day. 
32GB Aluminium. I've had a 32GB phone for years and never once came close to reaching capacity. I backup my photos and videos often, and only keep a few hundred Google Play Music songs on my device at any one time. I play a few games (Ingress, Hearthstone) and have a few social media apps installed. 
Have you tried your carrier? Sprint replaced two M7s for me on the spot, once for a stuck pixel and once for a faulty speaker.  
I live in New York City, and between WiFi at home, school, work, and even on public transit now I'm almost always covered. Also, my cable provider offers over 1,000,000 WiFi hotspots that registered devices connect to automatically. According to my Sprint bill the highest mobile data I've hit in the past six months is just short of 2GB, and I tether two devices to my phone. 

Considering I was paying around $200/mo before the switch, ($110 base + 20 * 2 other devices + 10 * 2 premium data + other charges)  I think I'll be saving quite a bit. 
Ouch, as soon as my camera started to purple I contacted HTC. I had a new device within a couple of days and haven't had any issues with the hardware since. 
Signed up for Google Fi yesterday and ordered this phone. I've been touting an HTC One M7 since release, waiting for something new and enticing to come along. I'm excited. 
My parents live in Morris Park in the Bronx, I grew up there, the neighborhood is beautiful. You've got easy access to the 5 train and good alternatives with the 2 and 6. Plenty of stores, a brand new (huge) mall close by, and a very friendly and diverse community. 
Wait- what? You don't think Bay Ridge or Sheepshead Bay are livable? 
And as someone who has absolutely no idea how these things work, were you obligated to any way? 
As someone whose witnessed a homeless man have his day ruined after excitedly picking up a church's fake $20, fuck those things. 
Almost makes me want to go around dropping them back in collection baskets. 
440
I don't believe that any one of the thousands of US military men who died in Vietnam thought that they were doing so because their death would bring them glory.
I've watched my father's health decline drastically since 9/11. The vibrant working man I knew, who went out with his family and had an active social life, is now restricted to his home, reliant on medications, inhalers, and a nebulizer to breathe properly. He retired early and doesn't get out much now. It's sad... but I know he doesn't regret the work he did there at all. 
So much of what you said is factually incorrect -  armor does a LOT. Especially versus damage from snipers, explosions, and vehicle collisions. If you wipe out on a bike or get shot in the chest by a sniper, armor will mean the difference between life and death. 

You totally can pick the specific mission you want from the Jobs list in the Online menu. It has every contact mission, race, co-op mission, etc etc available right off the bat, in simple categorized list form. I use it all the time to start lobbies for missions I like instead of the random missions the NPCs hand out to you. 

The grind isn't that crazy -  especially when you do heists. I bought the Savage after playing over an extended weekend. Do heists as lead and take a bigger cut, do other people's setup missions to cover your own setup cost. Or just run large-group contact missions that pay out tens of thousands of dollars at a time. 

Keeping a party together has never been a problem -  I have very few friends who play GTA:O so most of my grinding is solo, but when friends do hop on we never have problems meeting up or joining the same missions. 

Your list of complaints makes it sound like you played the game for a few days, got frustrated without really learning the ins and outs, and then quit. This game is huge. GTA:O does have its share of bugs and glitches, but it is an amazing game. If you're going to criticize it, fine, but do so accurately and fairly. 
Is there any way I can talk you out of a raid 0 SSD setup? The increase in performance with SSDs in raid 0 is minimal, and with no party between the drives you're risking a lot for very little reward. 
I mean, it'll boot Windows just fine... 
To be honest I don't remember, it was a while ago, but it was probably the app made specifically for the color change. 
Definitely happened to me in BF3 after trying to remove the blue tint. No idea how they treat BF4 graphic mods though.
I've had a wired 360 controller for my PC for years (talking 5+ by now) but I bought a wireless XBOne controller and the bumper gave out after only a few months. Now I just don't trust them. 
Why would someone use one of these services in the first place? I honestly don't understand the need and am dumbfounded when I see people trusting password security to third parties. Can anyone fill me in? How are these password managers better than a strong password + two-step authentication? 
I live in NYC and picked up a key to a temple in India from a tourist while walking across the Brooklyn Bridge. 
Do you have the bike registered with the NYPD? 
I was under the impression you'd need an NYU ID to get in. 
If you thought 40-man raids were all Tank and Spank in Vanilla, then you didn't play Vanilla. AQ40? Naxx? Hell, even ZG (which was less than 40 if I remember correctly) had a lot to it. 
I know this is anecdotal, but as someone who commutes over four hours a day (within the city) I can attest to an observed reduction of wasted Metro Cards on the ground around the machines and scanners. People used to just toss empty cards aside a buy new ones -  not any more. 
This is why I can't understand why people like Bacon Reader. It's nothing special. 
That seems like a lot of effort for one stat point. 
That's not true. In BF4 every part of a vehicle, even the individual spinning top rotors on the helicopters, has a properly rendered hit box. You can score a hit on the tail,  the treads... hell, you can even "thread the needle" right through the open doors in the back of the transport heli. 
Oh, another one? 
A very lucky shot through a glitched portion of the windshield? What? No. Just aim through the slats on the driver side -  they're all level with the driver's head. One shot through, two at the most, and it's a lethal headshot. Use an AR or the PDW. 
A high rate of fire rifle can easily take out a Kuruma driver through any of the vehicle's window slats. I find this much easier on Free Aim, where the guy in the vehicle can't snap-target you. 
But I'm American... 
I didn't even notice they were two different measurements! Why is that? 
Sorry bud, [I got you beat](http://imgur.com/baQut6r).
Did they manage to steal anything? Seems like a lot of walking around, then a moment of panic and they bolted. 
You might be surprised at how many people do. 
I honestly think Below Radar and/or Gunner Flares would fix things tremendously. 
I miss when the multi-million dollar killing machines that are the attack choppers acted like multi-million dollar killing machines. Hearing one coming without a good Engineer in your squad used to be terrifying. Now? Not so much. 
I hate that you're being downvoted into the negatives for simply misunderstanding the comment above you. Your comment adds to discussion and the clarification that followed was beneficial for anyone else who may have read that comment the way you did. 
Reddiquette, people. 
> Foreign Investors represent 4% of real estate transactions in the USA. Find a new talking point.

I'm not saying they're being bought by foreigners, I'm saying they're being bought by people who don't live there. Don't believe me? Ask a doorman or anyone who lives in one of these newly developed neighborhoods. 

New Yorker reporting in. This hits home and it hurts. So many of our new "luxury condos" are being sold to people who never live there. It was already incredibly hard to have a sense of community in this massive city, and now it's becoming impossible. 
Why are you writing from the command line, any way? 
My case is over eight years old, rusting, and the back panel is broken off. I'd love this! Thanks guys. 
Indeed it is! That's unfortunate. 
You can get into the planetarium for free, but the space show is ticketed. 
Renewed every year. 
Bridge and tunnel crowd? Long Island? Or... egh... Westchester? No matter-- explains the name! 
I'm a native New Yorker and I approve of this video: [Johnny T's NYC Tourist Tips](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LmPBPWHJu4)


You haven't lived in NYC long, have you? 
Hold your horses there, buddy, that's not quite right. The Citypass will get you into the extra exhibits / attractions that you would usually need to pay for in museums like the Met and MoNH- and those are usually (like the space show at the planetarium) totally worth seeing. 
And isn't there a maximum fare for airports? You got ripped off, friend. 
The technicality that requires them to know the brand is what makes the coke bottle technique legal in the first place. I've never seen anyone or heard of anyone even getting a ticket that way - cops can't legitimize it and they'd rather spare themselves the paperwork and court date. 
As someone who's had life-long memberships to both, I'd put Natural History over the Met. Especially with the new planetarium. 
Just gotta be careful trying to install Linux on a school-given system. I know my school wouldn't be to happy about that. 
Direct line. I pay for 50Mb/s down, 25Mb/s up though so really I'm not going to complain. 
Because he's not using AdBlock? 
I've got Optimum too, but [you've got me beat](http://i.imgur.com/GPbPXFR.png). 
I'm with this guy. Walking across the bridges is a must-do. Maybe some cheap eats ($1 Dumplings at Prosperity in China Town?) along the way. 
> Tompkins Square Park

Oh god, the rats...
The L train hipsters aren't as bold as the commuters coming in from the BX on the 4 & 6. 
I think that's a good way to put it. I have to transfer from the cross town bus to the 4/5/6 line there twice a day for my commute. It's certainly not the type of place I'd hang around if I didn't need to, but at the same time I've never felt like I was in immediate danger there either. 
125th &  Lex usually isn't bad now, and hasn't been for years. I can't recall the last time I've felt threatened there, least not during the day. 
Oh sweet. That was my English Professor's band. Cool guy. 
Marijuana. 
Can somebody post the PO Box? 
Ahh yes, Florida. Where old New Yorkers go to die. 
Even though it's on top? 
I mean, I get it- fuck Staten Island. But the Bronx? C'mon now. 
And that's my problem with these things. Forcing the user to take measures outside of your app to curb your app's behavior is a really poor design choice. Most people (though probably not most Reddit users) have no idea how to disable individual app notifications. 
It's not about effort, it's about poor design choice. Games should not have automatic notifications, they're often intrusive and completely irrelevant. "Come back, you haven't played in a few days!" messages are ridiculous, and forcing the user to take measures outside of the parameters of your app (in this case, forcing users to modify OS settings - something that I'm sure many people have no idea about) is no good. 
>Automatic notifications are a huge red flag in my book. 
Automatic notifications are a huge red flag in my book. I usually uninstall games that take it upon themselves to send me notifications without asking. This is the screen that pops up when you first play Fallout Shelter. 
That's... odd. If you've got any of the desktop Hangouts open and you check the messages as they come in you shouldn't get a second notification on your phone. 
Unless of course you were just letting the notifications flash on your desktop, in which case your phone goes off as well, but I thought that was a feature so you wouldn't miss a message, not a bug or a bother. 
You've got a much better device now. Don't worry about it. 
> No Man's Sky

Will also be on PC
That Park as been a hot spot for homelessness and weirdos my entire life . The surrounding area is mostly industrial, poorly lit, and not commonly walked at night. Gentrified or not - I'm not surprised at all. 
I think a lot of the jokes fell flat more because of Stewart than Noah. Stewart is an amazing improv comic, and a brilliant satirist, but he has a hard time being funny if he has to follow a strict script. It's just not in his nature. Look at most of his segments with his co-anchors: they're the funny ones. But watch any of Noah's solo reports, or like I said, his standup, and the guy is brilliant. 
>I get it's not supposed to be taken seriously at all--right?

Please tell my father that. 


If you think Amy Schumer would be a better political satirist than Trevor Noah you obviously don't know enough about Trevor Noah. I encourage you to watch his standup, or any of the episodes of The Daily Show he's been on. 
It's an RT article about an American company. Of course it's all slant, bias, and bullshit. 
DMRs are outclassed by snipers at long range and ARs at medium range. I don't get why everyone complains about them. 
Okay then, you think the level designers are the same people who write code? Changing a flag takes a few minutes. Finding a programming  bug and fixing it without breaking something else can take a much, much longer time. 
My point still stands. 
You really think the people who draw textures are the same people who write code? 
There was. And every once in a while it still shines through.

 There's a gilded comment somewhere pretty high up in this thread now that is exactly what I was hoping for - it's strongly cited, with various supporting sources, and very little bias in its account. I'd link it directly but I'm on mobile and can't figure out how. 
Thank you for the write up. This is why I come to Reddit. 
What happened to the days when Reddit demanded facts for everything and didn't let our emotions or preconceived notions about an event dictate our response? These comments are horrible. Give me more sources, share more links, quote facts, do not play into this pandering circle-jerk bullshit. 

I don't care who's right. I want to know what's true. 
What happened to the days when Reddit demanded facts for everything and didn't let our emotions or preconceived notions about an event dictate our response? These comments are horrible. Give me more sources, not this pandering circle-jerk bullshit. 

I don't care who's right. I want to know what's true. 
But your passengers / gunner can switch seats for the save! 
(if you're flying solo you're doing it wrong) 
As someone who hadn't played a Sonic game since the Genesis (we could never afford a dream cast) I absolutely loved the rehashed levels in Generations. 
> “we were all partying the night before. We weren’t expecting any action because we were in a support unit. It was the only time I ever went into combat stoned. You get really alert when you are stoned because you have to be.”
Found the bag guy. 
My clan runs their own server, and If I'm not mistaken, the 24-hr day thing isn't really up to the server admins. Servers hard restart every few hours, and with that so does the in-game clock. So really your choices right now are: always day, repeating dusk, always night, repeating dawn. 
Found the Linux user. 
The people you smoke with punch each other in the face? Damn, with friends like that..... 
I'm having the same problem, did you ever find a solution OP?
Am I the only one who's never had their game crash and isn't getting all of this stutter / lag I'm hearing about? I mean, I'm only 269 hours in, but what could possibly be causing everyone all of this gripe?

 These problems universally sound like VRAM issues (use less of it - don't max out that slider, you may have the VRAM, but your card may not be able to read it all fast enough - keep it in the green).
Check out the "Help a Hollow" thread here: https://www.reddit.com/r/DarkSouls2/comments/3ce9mi/rdarksouls2_help_a_hollow/ 
As a New Yorker -  fuck Queens. Didn't surprise me when I saw where this happened. 
This will never get upvoted high enough for everyone to see because of all the vote brigading /u/clammylammy and her friends are doing here. Look at every one of her posts (at least at +6) and any post that even attempts to question (not even disagree with) her falls into the negatives. This story reeks of bullshit, and this entire thread (as well as the previous one which broke this case here) seems to be an attempt at bringing the public (or in this case, the Reddit /r/nyc community) on to the woman's side. 
And yet she felt safe having a conversation with two random strangers there, and allowing one to pet her dog? Something doesn't add up here. 
You'd think with all of the money they're making from us paying for these monthly Online Subscription fees, season passes, and individual DLCs, they'd hire teams of graphic designers to make new vehicles for us!  

^^^oh ^^^wait...
It's not limiting an employers opportunity to background check prospective employees. You can still have a job offer revoked based on your criminal record. 
>There are plenty of places that will still hire people with criminal records.  Most places will still hire you if you are honest and don't hide it from them, but they may put you on probational status at first.  

This sounds like it's coming from someone who's never "been there." Do these jobs provide a living wage? Do they take advantage of a person's education and personal skill set? Or are we talking minimum wage, back breaking work like the Doe Fund? 
Someone didn't read the article. 
But it's not restricted, it's only restructured. Read before you write. 
It's pretty hard to go seven years without a job. 
The Savage. Attack heli, seats 4, armed with rockets and a minigun w/ explosive rounds. A little less maneuverable than the Buzzard, but in my opinion, much more deadly. 
Not only is it good, it's huge! Very rarely do I get to see everything in one trip. If I remember correctly, it's one of the biggest zoos in the country / the biggest zoo on the East Coast. 
The standard package at the Bronx Zoo lets you in, and grants you admission to most of the animal exhibits, but does not include things like the Congo Gorilla Forest, the Monorail, and Jungle World. To me, these are some of the best parts of the Bronx Zoo and are completely worth the extra cost to check out. 


Source: I live down the block from the zoo, I am a member, I go there at least twice a month. 
For future reference: plug valued electronics into some quality surge protectors. 
I'm not saying you're wrong, but expanded multiuser support is a step in the right direction for all of the businesses out there that do not have dedicated IT departments or simply do not want to be locked down to Samsung devices. 
Am I the only one who got a really strange vibe about this whole thing? New friend who quits, and then asks for a hookup, buys an Oz and suddenly wants to give it away..? Call me paranoid, I just think it's strange. 
Where are you from that jumping jobs because your boss sucks is so easy that you can do it and still afford to live? 
> so what about that Bernie Sanders?

I like how you wrote that as if he was going to pop in here and answer the question for you.
And, just as importantly, how do we know they can be trusted? Because they're "some guy on Reddit?" 
1. [Europa Universalis](http://store.steampowered.com/sale/europa-universalis/)
1. [Resident Evil](http://store.steampowered.com/sale/resident-evil/)
1. [Fallout](http://store.steampowered.com/sale/fallout/)
1. [Tropico](http://store.steampowered.com/sale/tropico/)
1. [Saints Row](http://store.steampowered.com/sale/saints-row/)
1. [Just Cause](http://store.steampowered.com/sale/just-cause/)
7. [Max Payne](http://store.steampowered.com/sale/max-payne/)
8. [Serious Sam](http://store.steampowered.com/sale/serious-sam/)

Except in a world where you can google whatever information you need in mere seconds, things like that seem less like mistakes and more like attempts to mislead.

Mr Q's is probably the best Chinese food in the Bx, restaurant quality food at takeout prices. Loretto Playground on Morris Park Ave shows free family movies over the summer, the Urgent Care on Morris Park is better than the nearby hospitals for minor medical needs, Big Deal supermarket has excellent fish, produce, and a great Craft Beer selection. And as far as outside of the neighborhood but nearby? Check out Arthur Avenue, it's a better Little Italy than Little Italy. 
I'm paying less than $2,000 for a four bedroom with a back yard, garage, and private road driveway I share with my neighboring houses. I'm four blocks from a train station. It's funny to see the reactions of people, especially many of my transplant friends, who have never actually been to The Bronx when they come visit. My commute's a trip, but I love living here. 
Come visit Morris Park if you haven't! Great neighborhood, great affordable restaurants (Patsy's Pizza, Patricia's Italian, Sorrento's Pizza), and we're just a short walk away from the Bronx Zoo! I've lived in various BX neighborhoods all my life, with a few years over in BK, and so far this place is definitely my favorite. According to the nyc.gov crime map we're also one of the safest neighborhoods in the entire city! 
I'm just gonna say what everyone else is thinking. *Fuck you.*
> Best to just stay away.

But where's the fun in that? They aren't going to *do* anything right out in the middle of the street, except maybe spew some hate speech and look like idiots. If you're clever with a quick tongue, like most New Yorkers are, putting them in their place is almost a game. 
Have you tried using just MSAA? My system shits the bed when I go all out with the AA settings, but with just MSAA I can cruise around @ 60 with no problem. 
There's a long list of things wrong with New Jersey, far too long for me to fill in here. But I can start:

1. It's not New York. 
But they didn't. It was a group picture of the imgur.com admins, which they themselves had posted on imgur. It was posted because they're all fat. 
>But all of this petulant, entitled whinging is awful and reddit would be much better of without it.

Just like the title of this post? 


A lot has changed since the release. Customizable ships (internal and external),  communal player areas to socialize and show off, new factions that you can build rep with, new tile sets, new navigation between worlds. It's the most fun I've had for free. 
Playing Warframe on the PC vs playing Warframe on the PS4 is like night and day. I think it's because the movement and shooting are too fast paced for a controller. I'm saying this as someone who really wanted it to be good on PS4. 

It really is a good game on the PC. 
Running an M7 for Ingress that I often Hotspot to a second M7 that doesn't have a data plan so that my girlfriend can play. Even with Powersave off and my battery pack plugged in I don't have heating issues. Odd. 
Hate to rain on everyone's cute parade, but doesn't this game have an age limit? 
You're talking adding fluoride to drinking water, not using it as an ingredient in oral care. Big difference there. 
Why not enable the in game instant replay? 
Even though you got caught cheating and had to do push-ups? ;) 
So we can easily run off with them. 
Micro SMG is great for drive-bys though. 
It's been years since my phones have had a removable battery. Under what circumstances do you need to pop the battery as opposed to a ten second power hold hard reset? 
In New York City you need two years of college credits to apply to become an officer. These credits do not need to be in any concentration and do not need to lead to any degree. You can take two years of cooking and gym at your local community college and become qualified. Because of this, statistically, we have very few officers with four year degrees. 
I'd be okay with that for months at a time. 
Under 100? Are you on console? That's most of us here on the PC.
The trick is to start the task before you start to partake, then let the high roll in after you've already started. 

Works for me, any way. 
And not orange spray-painted PVC pipes? Real dynamite is usually wrapped in something akin to paper, and definitely doesn't float. 
That doesn't even look remotely close to anything in the video or the pictures. NYU has a robot in the canal... that looks like a tool box on a wooden raft.
Next time, ask him how many wealthy research scientists he's ever heard of. 
Just the same as every major iteration of Dx before it. 
I have an original model 360 that somehow hasn't red-ringed on me yet. Can confirm, this happens frequently. I tried to install the game to a thumb drive after hearing that the I/O of the USB port was faster than a HDD install, but it only helped minimally.

Riding my Akuma through the city is a dangerous game. 
You say he "has to" listen to them as if he's being forced to do it. Is this not his show? Is he not getting paid for this garbage? 
Considering they're optimizations, is there any reason not to run the beta drivers?  
ADS + Space Bar while sidestepping.
But they've dropped beta drivers out for big releases (like GTA V!)
You should really read up on the difference between the people who run Scientology and the people who get roped into it on the lower levels. Or just watch that excellent HBO documentary that was on a month or so ago (Going Clear, I think). Scientology is definitely not run by its victims. 


You don't know what haptic feedback is? It's the vibrations you feel as you do things on your phone, like type or tap buttons. 
I've found that the tac lights work best for blinding people, especially in close quarters. 
Think critically. You're missing the point. 
Might I suggest switching to Hangouts for texts, thus circumventing your text limit by sending SMS via WiFi / Data? Works for phone calls too  That's assuming you're on Android. 
Who needs friends when you have Reddit?
Or, you know, maybe English isn't his first language and you're just being a judgmental asshole. 
You paid money for that? I hope it was a gift...
If you're rooted?
Seems like you have some knowledge of the individuals. I'm sure the Transit Bureau will be in touch. 
Like those cattle ranchers down in Arizona (i think)? They came locked and loaded and the government backed down. I'm not trying to advocate guns or violence, but when else in recent history has a protest really achieved any change? 
I have 8GB of RAM and it's been an issue for me. I've got two monitors set up, and if I'm playing a game like DayZ or Battlefield 4 while I have Chrome open in my second monitor (two tabs, G+ and either iZurvive or Battlelog), I get alerts from Windows that I'm running out of memory. I'm only running ABP and a few other random (mostly Google) extensions. This just started recently - I don't know what's causing it. 
I still don't understand what's really going on here...
You mean the multi-million dollar killing machine that actually acts like a multi-million dollar killing machine? I get that we need game balance, but damn... 
But this way the enemy wastes a lot of bursters, thus making any other destruction he they planned for the area that much harder. 
I don't know why you're being down voted. 
Honestly, most games would use 1-4 while the other processes that I spoke about running would utilize 5-8 (and if they don't there are ways to allocate them manually). Either way, DayZ's client is in no way optimized and my point about OCing not making that huge of a difference past a certain point still stands.

But this is Alpha. And as we say every time we start the game, "I Understand"
Most x64 games these days will run at least four cores. The DayZ client is x32, but that's only the tip of the ice berg when it comes to things needing optimization. I completely understand the current state of the game though, and expecting an x64 Alpha Client is insane.

I was only making the point that even a multiprocessor PC with fast clock speeds (4.0+) will only be able to get so much out of the game. Over clocking is usually pointless if the only reason you have for doing it is DayZ. 
I've got an 8-core CPU and with everything else running (System Monitor, iZurvive & TS3 on my second monitor, DayZ on my primary) I see peaks up to 53% from time to time on cores 1-4, but never anything to suggest that DayZ is even remotely capable of harnessing the entire strength of my processor.
CPU clock speeds have very little / nothing to do with stability right now past a certain point. For many of us, OCing wouldn't help at all. My CPU doesn't even get close to 50% load and I'm not getting more than 30FPS. 

It's the client. 
That's not the way it works. 
You obviously don't know much about Scientology if that's what you think. Murder, abduction, physical abuse, psychological harassment - all of these things are commonplace in the CoS, so much so that there are entire divisions responsible for carrying out such things. I'm not talking about the poor decisions of select members, I'm talking about human rights violations that are baked in to the doctrine of the church. 
SSD Master Race
You mean where all the homeless people hang out? 
1-man indie devs don't have to run every decision through corporate. 
I've been to a head shop in upstate New York that has something very similar to this behind their counter. 
I cannot recommend Roberta's enough. 
Any idea when it'll be on HBO Go? 

Edit: It came up sometime around 2:15AM EST. 
Well, then it isn't "universal" 
Arms outstretched. 
Arms outstretched.
Brooklyn and Chelsea and St Mark's 
NYC has three!
If the server has Team Speak, jump in! Players on TS are usually friendly toward each other. 
I don't think I can either. 

But I really, really want to. 
>More like, "We made the product most people actually want to use." 

Most? Apple doesn't have any majority market share. 
Saving the quality at 100% is not the only way to optimize an image.  You can downscale the resolution and keep the 100% quality at the time of the save.  
Whoosh
If you're looking for more realism and referencing ARMA I think DayZ might be more your speed. H1Z1 has always come across as more of an arcade-spin on the open survival genre.  
If you found them empty, does that mean someone dumped them there? I've never found an empty mag before.
I'd like to see a 24/7 night server.
People live there? 
Anyone wondering about Massdrop, the service is legit. Shipping and processing do take quite a while. I got a good deal on my MFLB from them. 
Apparently you forgot the sex. 
Used to work at Game Stop. I worked with the schedule myself - can confirm. My district manager would come down hard on any store that didn't do things like this with the employee time sheets at the end of the week. 
How are they so sure it's kids / strangers.  I know very few people in NYC who don't smoke weed. 
I'm pretty sure they still plug in somewhere. 
I'm on my late 20's and my parents often tell me that the original draw of Cable TV was that it was ad free. I couldn't image that now. 
If you click the "Loot" button up top, the drop-down shows what each of the icons on the map means, and allows you to toggle specific loot or categories of loot on and off. 
I don't think it's Animal Crossing, but it's definitely Nintendo music.
You're welcome. 
I feel like I've been robbed by you before - but I didn't have anything except food, so after a "Put your bag down, if you're cool you'll get your stuff back." you let me on my way. 
No. Glass got moved out of X Labs and with that move they ended the Explorer program. Not all development.  
Have you swapped your M7 for one with the newer lens? Most of the original M7s had a problem with the camera taking on a purple tint and/or becoming grainy after being used a bit (I've heard it had something to do with the phone heating the image sensor - I dunno) but HTC is very good about swapping them out for "upgraded" units. Ask your carrier. Sprint did all the legwork for me. 
Happy birthday Max!
I've noticed that and it blows my mind. 60 FPS with mixed medium / high settings in BF4 but in Day Z I feel like I'm lagging on Low with all the bells and whistles disabled. 
CD Key? What is this, the '90s? 
It seems to be true to me.
http://www.starbucks.com/careers/college-plan 
You get a login ID and Password that automatically registers your device with the Optimum Hotspots. After logging in (and in some cases installing their app- depending on the device) your phone / tablet / laptop will automatically log in to Optimum Hotspots around the city. I use it on my tablet and it's amazing - I get connectivity almost everywhere. 
Bronxite here- Optimum is amazing. Never experienced any downtime or throttling, we regularly have three devices simultaneously gaming / downloading / browsing and never have any issues. Customer service is speedy but their techs are often not the brightest people in the world. 
Seriously, his nickname is *Nub*?
The PM rush. They stay until about 9PM, then pack up and leave. Last time I was there a commuter was kicking around the signs they had laid out on the ground. When one of the protesters yelled at him to stop stomping on their "being against police brutality does not equal being against the police force" sign, he shoved her and the police had to intervene. 
>men aren't allowed to wear hats because "the classroom is like a theatre".

Say you're "in costume"

>You're not wrong, but MAN do you come off as a condescending asshole.

To be fair, so do you. 


They're currently in contact negotiations with the city. So, the demands of the police unions. 
As someone who lives in NYC, let me assure you that the NYPD is most certainly used as a revenue stream for the city.
I hope so! It's hard to record things from under a mask, and I went to the Con by myself, so I hardly have any pictures or video from that day. 
In 2013 I was dressed as [Jacket from the game Hotline Miami](http://i.imgur.com/fpWE50n.jpg) at NYCC. The convention its self was awesome, even though I was a character from an indie game, I was getting noticed left and right. At one point I was walking between booths when I hear a very familiar voice call out "***Oh crap, it's the chicken!***" I stopped in my tracks and turned to see this guy - Peter Griffin. I wanted to burst out laughing, but I did my best to stay in character. I raised my bat and immediately a circle of people formed around us. Cameras clicked, flashes went off left and right, "***Alright, c'mon - I'll give you one free shot!***" he yelled to me. 

I wound up my bat and took a swing right at his knees. He fell to the floor, wounded, in [typical Peter Griffin fashion.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WPSP6Tg-iY#t=11)

This guy is amazing. 
You live in Morris Park, please don't try to act like being "from the Bronx" automatically makes you a ghetto expert. 
I think you're missing his point. He's saying that our subway system is arguably the best in the world, but horribly operated / mismanaged. You're saying the infrastructure to Chicago's is severely lacking, regardless of the management behind it. 
Awesome! Thanks for the info. 
I just hope this isn't their way of replacing the older Keurigs with their new 2.0 models. I've got this Keurig - think it's worth a replacement? 
So how long before we find this Pope [murdered in his morning breakfast?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_John_Paul_I_conspiracy_theories#Conspiracy)
Pineapple Express (87mil), Green Hornet (98mil), and This is The End (101mil). Sorry for the lack of formatting and the crappy link, I'm on mobile. 

http://www.boxofficemojo.com/people/chart/?view=Writer&id=sethrogen.htm


Polls over time increase accuracy? Bullshit, polls over time reflect the climate of the population *at that time*. 

And okay, fine, there are 4,375,736 people registered to vote in New York City. You're still going to sit here and tell me that asking 1,374 of those people anything represents the overall feeling of a group that large? Sorry, people are more complex than that. A poll of this sort might work well for "Do you use Brand X laundry detergent" but will not work for something so opinionated.  

That's still 0.003%
And can you find a single one that says 0.001% is an accurate sample size? Because I can't, as most sources are saying that 0.06% is the absolute lowest you should go to maintain accuracy, and that's why I asked the question. 
And generators. 
You can't VPN to North Korea. Or route your IP through that country.
Based on prior Rogan / Franco movies you'd be looking at about $80,000,000 in ticket sales (that's an average, with their highest grossing movies topping $100,000,000). That's nothing to scoff at. 
How, though? Can you provide some sort of source to explain how 1,374 people is "statically significant" when you're looking for the opinion of  8,406,000 people? That's 0.001% of the population.
I read this as "NASA just e-mailed a wrench to ISIS" and was very confused. I figured it was like the space-agency's equivalent of throwing a shoe at someone to show disrespect. 
1,374 people interviewed out of how many? That's a ridiculously small number. There were more students in my high-school. I'd be willing to bet that on a larger scale, these numbers might change.
I remain silent but make sure to be respectful. If I'm asked to "say a few words" I always keep it short and thank my family and friends for coming together for the holidays, while remaining true to *my* beliefs and keeping "god" out of it. Part of being the only atheist in my family is showing them that atheist =/= asshole. 
I play on the PC and the PS3. Voice chat is disabled on the PS3 for tablet commanders. Maybe it only works on the next-gen consoles. 
Only on the PC. 
I've used a flat-head screwdriver like a little spoon. Worked well. 
Why does this video keep hitting my front page? It's terrible, and the comments are always the same. 
If your state government isn't full of dickbags 
I think he means posting the Agent name (which kinds gives away the location) here was a bad idea. 
I like everything Optimum's offered me so far. My internet is stable and I never run into any lag while streaming or playing online games, Optimum WiFi is awesome for my tablet and laptop, and even the Optimum App is pretty cool. 
Indie studios tank for several reasons, "our game got pirated to such a degree that we had to shut down," is rarely ever (and in my personal experience: never) one of them. Big name studios get pirated because they do shit-tier PC ports (looking at you, Ubisoft) that nobody wants to pay for. 
He must be a cab driver 
Happens in my neck of the woods too. Only one phone needs connectivity, the others can be tethered. 
I turn controller vibrations off on purpose. I I ever understood why people thought it was cool or beneficial, on console or PC. 
I would be too if a shirt started trying to tell jokes. 
No, no, that's gluten. 
Solution: Make them out of LEGO. 
I've been trying to build an Oberon for almost a month now, and I've run into the exact same problem. Systems never seem to drop. 
And interactive media? Games?
It's good for porn. 
I had no idea about the beach and its parking lot being a gay meetup place, but after reading your post and doing a little Googling, it seems like there have been other attacks / murders on Plumb Beach before -- things are looking grim for our friend Nate. 
Menu? Which menu? I'm curious and confused. 
Plumb  Beach is not the type of beach you go swimming in... Ever.
Karma 
Nice try, murderer. 
>"On Thursday, some of Gorelik’s belongings were found on Plumb Beach, including his wallet, a phone, book bag, guitar, shoes and jacket."

That's not a good sign. 
KBCC? I go to Kingsborough and decided to check out Plumb Beach one day because you can see it from campus. I went with a friend and we were totally creeped out once we got there. 
Plumb Beach? Who the hell goes to Plumb Beach? The parks department shut that place down years ago. Now the entire area is overgrown, filled with litter and trash. The tall reeds are a haven drug addicts and the homeless, and the abandoned / secluded parking lots are notorious for prostitution. That area is extremely dangerous,  walking through there at any time of day gives you that "I might get murdered here" vibe. 
After the first few times you see a product that's in conflict with something you're buycotting against, you learn to just avoid that product all together. So in the beginning? Often. Now? Not so much. 
I use an application on my smartphone called "Buycott." You scan the bar-codes of products before you buy them, and it can tell you where the money from your purchase is going. I "buycott" Nestle, Monsanto Owned Food Producers, and Koch Brothers Political Supporters. It's a powerful app for both iOS and Android that really lets you put your money where your mouth is on these sorts of issues. 
Wait, really? 
Almost? 
It looks like the recommended VRAM is "2GB+"
Isn't the Battlefield 4 Ultra like 2.8GB? that's been out for years... 
Can't you opt out of it? 
Nobody uses bing. In any world.

^^^^^Except ^^^^^for ^^^^^porn.
Volt ! 
Not if they've [seen McConnell's.](http://i.imgur.com/zoQFeXJ.jpg)
This reduces your accuracy after your initial shot. The weighted triggers need to be removed, we don't need them any more. 
I'm pretty sure we own our phone numbers, after that while "you have to let people transfer numbers" fiasco. Could be wrong though. 
You talk about video games as art, then cite Final Fantasy and Assassin's Creed. I don't think those games were ever developed for their artistic value. 
You're getting downvoted because /r/theredpill is a shitty sub, and much of what they advocate does not build healthy people or relationships. The entire Alpha Male / Beta Male structure is bullshit - we're people, and people are more complicated than that. 
He didn't live off the 4/5, he lived on the upper west side... so the 1/2/3.
They have those in New York..? My god... why..? We have the Museum of Natural History. 
>Easily trolled 
ITC: an easily trolled redditor who doesn't know how taxes work. 

AKA: your average /r/nyc subscriber. 
You're welcome! Any time. 
>FinancialDistrict

Yes, I am sure you are keenly aware of the ins and outs of our city's urban culture. 
ITT: NYC Transplants who don't know what real New York culture is.

Good on these guys for sticking it to the MTA and their BS subway ads. The graffiti looked way better than these stupid Target and YouTube car wraps. 
A form of inter-stellar communication capable of calling non-threatening intelligent life to this planet to excel the advancement of technology for the Human race. 
I've been smoking for five years, I vape about 1g a week, usually in the evenings before sitting down for some vidya. Some weekends though, it's more... especially if my buddies are around... it's a *lot* more...
I'm a big fan of [The Sauce](https://soundcloud.com/pantyraidmusic/sets/the-sauce) by PANTyRAiD. 

Also [Sparks EP](http://chromesparks.bandcamp.com/album/sparks-ep) by Chrome Sparks.
I thought my school was the only one to use jGrasp! I second this for simplicity and ease-of-use.
XCode comes with OSX, OSX self-updates Java, but XCode doesn't compile Java? What gives..?
What's an explanation point?
...per MONTH? That's incredibly sad.
There's also a really terrible ["Left Behind" PC Game](http://www.ign.com/games/left-behind-eternal-forces/pc-757683). 
but the thing is- you're allowed to drive away. The officer can not hold you on the scene for any longer than the initial pull-over would have taken without probable cause. Ask if you're being arrested or detained, if you are not, ask if you are free to go. They can't say "no" without arresting or detaining you. You put them in a bind. Note the time, start recording with your phone, and if they don't let you go you can bring all of this up in court and have it thrown away. 
They had to close down after that accident, and then all the buses got new paint jobs and new names on the side. They're still running though, just much more under the radar. 
My only issue with my M7 is the camera. I'm on my 4th device (swift replacements each time) but all of the cameras seem to take on this weird purple hue that I just can't make go away. It happens the most in low-light, which is what this camera was supposed to be good at.
I think that may be less pronounced on the PC, where Flood Zone has 5 points instead of 3. Sure, the big clusterfuck is B-C (our two points within the city) but because A (the garage) and E (the park) are so spread out, anyone concentrating on those tends to hit D (the gas station) as well. 
It's almost like we're all real people. 
"Excellent Work."
I've never come across an instance where having extra battery packs (which are only 1:1 in size and require you to power down your handset completely in order to swap) would be more efficient than having a[ pocket-sized external battery](http://www.amazon.com/13000mAh-External-Portable-Compatibility-Charging/dp/B00BQ5KHJW/ref=zg_bs_7073960011_1) and a [USB Keychain](http://www.dx.com/p/mini-keychain-design-micro-usb-charging-data-cable-for-cell-phones-black-202049#.VClMZ_ldWMo).
We need Family Guy and South Park. Animated like South Park. At some point - [Cartman](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Cartman) VS[ the Chicken.](http://familyguy.wikia.com/wiki/Ernie_The_Giant_Chicken) 
I don't know about you, but I do *not* want meter maids carrying guns. 
Get that kid A+ certified! 
Isn't that already in the game though..? I'm pretty sure there's a big "WARNING" in the player cam as you spawn on someone if they're under fire, isn't there? 
<s>Oh no, /u/moxy801 stated a fact about the city and then added in their own opinion in a clear and polite way. Quick, down vote them! </s>

C'mon now guys, what's with the baseless down voting? 
Union jobs on construction sites are pretty crazy, and lead to a lot of "wait, really?" moments. Unions are very adamant about having their workers being the *only* ones doing the job they've been assigned, no matter how basic or menial. 
Why are you getting downvoted? You brought up a good point with a seemingly valid argument, yet you're in the negatives. 

...I don't understand this site any more
Why would you love that? 
Occupy had some good ideas, but was poorly executed and quickly co-opted by vagrants and Anarchists. Then it all went down the drain. 
I don't.  Who is he? 
I don't understand why you're being downvoted. You're not wrong. 

Reddiquette guys. Reddiquette. 
Thanks for the reply!

Wouldn't running all four sticks at the slower speed and timing gimp my rig overall? At that point, is it worth it for a 2GB upgrade? Spending $30 for 2GB and slowing things down doesn't seem worth it. 

I wouldn't mind the $80 price tag if it meant doubling my RAM and keeping my current speed/timing, so long as I can somehow guarantee that they'll all play nice together.
Yes, please do a show in New York! Come out to Brooklyn Bowl! I'd love to see you live. 

Just started following you on Facebook and Twitter.... just in case. 
And when you do where can I get this--- hell, how can I preorder it? 
So why is it NoVa and not NoVA? I'm genuinely confused now.
What? NoVa? Why do people insist on making up new names for their neighborhoods? Where is that?
I don't know why you're being downvoted. You're not wrong. 
New York City

Honestly? I don't think most people even notice. When they do, they're more intrigued / inquisitive than anything else. 
I'll copy my comment here, since I typed it all up on the YouTube video already:

>  
... almost every other thing the guy in this video says is wrong. Glass is far from perfect- it's a "developer edition" for a reason, but let me break this video down point-by-point for a rebuttal:
>
- I wear Glass almost all day, I've never gotten a headache from them, and if they're properly fitted I've never felt like they're falling off. I've got the "Split" frames. 
>
- If your battery is depleting in less than an hour, you've gotta contact Google. I give mine a 30-min charge during my lunch break and the battery lasts me all day. I take a LOT of pictures, and I use them for SMS and Google Searches.
>
- You can completely turn off Glass by pressing and holding the power button for 10-seconds, just like an Android phone. Glass will go into a sleep state after five seconds (there's a graphic for this), and then completely power off after ten (there's no graphic for this- it's off). There IS a Power switch. It's located on the inside of the Glass hardware, ahead of the bone conducting piece.
>
- I haven't run into any Glass reboots or freezes in months now. The updates roll out almost every other week, and all of the OS issues that were causing freezing and boot loops were ironed out back in June. Wink to take a picture works. Notification at a glance works. Tilting your head up to turn the display on works. Nodding to make the display turn off works. All of these have calibrations that can easily be set from the menu. Update your firmware and check the Glass users site.
>
- Glass boots in less than a minute. I did multiple reboots at Glass HQ in NYC to test this. If you're getting ten minute boot times, again, I think there's something wrong with yours. Talk to Google.

EDIT: 

I'd like to point out that after my comment rose to the top on Geek Beat's YouTube page, Geek Beat went ahead and disabled comments on the video. Quite professional. 
And the UNODC sources the US Gov't for its paper.... so you're still not convincing me, you're basically giving me a second article about the same source, just worded a little differently. 

I'm not saying I agree with /u/moxy801 I'm just saying that the proof you're giving may not be accurate. /u/moxy801 pointed out that in previous wars (RU in the middle east / US in 'Nam) the domestic drug boom was a result of our foreign action (look up the CIA scandals involving drug running in Vietnam, it's undeniable at this point) and so it's not 100% unlikely that the same thing is happening again. 

It's not about "conspiracy theories" as much as it's about thinking critically and not taking every source on their word, especially where there might be a conflict of interest. 
Based on what /u/moxy801 is implying, I don't think we should be trusting sources like whitehouse.gov 
Please make some Glassware for this.
Where the hell did you buy a refurbished system that you CAN'T return? Refurbs are notorious for having problems- a zero return policy is bullshit. 
As part of the voting public in a democratic nation, yes it is. 
>You're right. The stories are "significantly different." When Dillon Taylor was killed he wasn't high on drugs

I've never known Marijuana to make a person violent. 
My best friend plays DS2 on his 360 while I play on my PC. He runs back to bonfires instead of using his feather because it's usually faster than his loading times. 
I subscribed right as this Subreddit entered the top 500.

You're welcome. 
In case anyone is thinking of doing this on their next trip to NYC, I'd like to warn you against it. This was a neat little hidden get of the subway for years, but our new police commissioner has started pushing NYPD Transit Officers to write tickets for staying on trains past their final destination. 
If you'd like to avoid a run-in with the police, and a hefty fine, please don't try this any time soon. 
The thing that I never understood was that he had the same on-off problem when charging using the external battery & USB cable I use for my HTC One. His new S4 has the same issue, so he can't charge using my battery on the go. I have no problems charging any of my devices (HTC One, Nexus 7, or Glass) using the battery or cable. 
The only detail I know about the S4 (like I said, a friend's phone) was that when using the charger, it would randomly stop and start charging again rather frequently. IE- six seconds of charge, one second of no power, then another six seconds of charge followed by another brief second of no power. It would cause the screen to blink on and off while charging, as if you were pulling the plug and replacing it over and over. This only happened with that one specific charger, which he's since thrown away. 
Unfortunately not everyone can afford a car, or even a cab, and we have no way of knowing what they were doing out at that time. No need to be judgmental of things we know zero details about. 
Not safely. My friend had to replace his S4 because of a third party charger that ruined his battery. Something about it not being coded properly? (Warranty covered a complete replacement instead of just a battery swap) And another friend's S5 won't charge using the charger for my HTC One, but it will charge from my Nexus 7 charger. 
I get the feeling you've never been to a real protest. 
You know something's wrong with Reddit when we start realizing that Facebook gets content before us. 
Can I beg you both not to bring tuna or sardines to work? I love the taste, but I'm sure many people find that fishy smell offensive. Nobody wants that drifting into the next cubicle. 
Somebody submit this to /r/bestof 
***New Title:*** C.I.A. Admits Penetrating Senate Intelligence Computers - C.I.A. Sets Up Internal Accountability Board to Review The Issue
So you know why you're being downvoted: that "we only use 20% of our brains" thing is untrue. 
You're not wrong, but that law was repealed. 
Technically R* is an indie company. They develop and publish all of their games in-house. Compared to EA / Activision / Ubisoft they're pretty small, too.
Not DarkSouls. Ten minutes in and you're fighting massive killing machines.
I asked you one question in my comment and you didn't answer it. I think you've proven my point. 
> spouts things that aren't true.

Well this is religion we're talking about here.... 
I see you're good at talking circles around issues and dodging the hard questions. Mormon? 
The real monks won't ask for money, they only ask for food. They also don't panhandle after a certain time of day. 
Some "ice creams" are actually marked as "frozen dairy desert" now if you read the packaging. [Here's an article](http://www.mouseprint.org/2013/01/21/breyers-converts-ice-creams-to-frozen-dairy-desserts/) explaining it. 
I don't think it's being enhanced... and I don't think that the people who are reported falsely, by people who are just out to abuse the system, actually ever get punished. I've been told I was being reported plenty of times when I've had a bad game, but I've never actually had anything come of it. 
Lived here all my life and that's only happened to me once. If it's happening to you once a week, you're doin' it wrong. 
My friends and I used to jump all the time in HS if we had to travel after an extra-curricular activity and our student cards were deactivated. I'm sure this happens a lot. We weren't criminals, we were just trying to get home. 
The Transit Police and the NYPD were two separate entities for years. Now they've merged (New York City Police Department Transit Bureau). 
Oh, these icons would be perfect for [Pip-Boy HTC One.](http://i.imgur.com/QIJub57.jpg)
I had no idea this was a thing. Thank you. 
Flying is throwing yourself at the ground and missing. 
With screens that are only visible from where the conductor is situated when the train is at a stand-still in the station. For someone to be dragged by the train, it's implied that the train is in motion and the conductor probably isn't in line of site of the screens any more.
I'm from The Bronx and I love them. Previously when I hailed a cab (or even when I called for one) I had no idea what I was getting myself into. I feel much more at-ease getting into these BoroTaxis.
I figured a runaway train / derailment might imply some sort of failure of the operator's controls. 

I've seen footage of people being dragged along subway platforms after the door sensors failed. There's also a video somewhere of it happening to a baby carriage. Not all of the stations give the conductor a clear view of all of the doors, as some of them (think 14th St, Union Square 4-5-6) are rather curved. 

I know these are extreme cases, but I think that's what the brake is for. 
Runaway train maybe, or a derailment? Incapacitated driver or somebody being dragged by the train and unable to break free? 
I'm with this guy. PayDay is a blast, and even if the lead Dev gets a lot of flack for being a dick personally, his business practices are awesome. For example: when there's a new DLC, you don't need to buy it to play it. You only need to buy it to host. You don't wind up missing out on playing with friends.
I've figured out that if you install the Razer Surround software and configure the G430 as a Razer Kraken Pro (use the analog connections, NOT the USB dongle) it works 100% fine, with no need to mess with the settings mid-game! 
He said something almost good about an ad! Quick, everybody downvote him! 
Nope. I've got friends who've taught English in Russia and Korea with zero prior knowledge of the local language. 
There's almost zero cellular service on my entire campus, but we do have WiFi! Also the majority of my commute is underground via rail, where there is no cell service, but there is WiFi! 

These are just two examples, but trust me, it happens. 
>30 FPS

>pretty smooth

console peasant
Link for the lazy:
http://spotthestation.nasa.gov/index.cfm
In case anyone else was wondering, the song that's playing is ["Blizzard" by Night Club](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfbdxS9o4j0)
Perspective being that 30 years ago going to a private college wouldn't drown you in debt and leave you repaying so much of your paycheck in loans that buying a house / car would seem impossible. 
I agree, but that's depending on your area. Where I'm from (New York City) between the traffic, bad drivers, and horrible road conditions, a motorcycle isn't always the best idea. 
For some reason I don't think you're both talking about the same "bikes" 
How does the One controller feel on the PC compared to the 360 controller? I've been using my 360 controller for racing games and a lot of 3rd person games for years now, and it's getting pretty worn, but I've never held an XBOne controller in my life. Does the quality justify the price difference? 

>I'm a person, a citizen, united...

>citizen, united...  

I see what you did there. 
I did my first regen and it almost made me want to quit. I just kept thinking *"WTF did I do this for? I need to unlock that [gun / mod] again!?"* 

It's definitely not for everybody. 
He's right about the reasoning. It was definitely done to prevent accidental discharge on holstering when the weapons were switched decades ago. 
Two children got stabbed to death in an elevator the other day. I don't think you need to "sensationalize" anything to make that look bad. 
Because when it's hot people go outside and with more people on the streets there's more crime, but when it's cold it's the opposite. 
I'm pretty sure the hosts aren't "in on it," they're probably just as brainwashed as their viewers. But the writers and producers or the CEOs above them? Certainly. Somewhere up the chain there's a crossover between money and politics. 
Shaking my head
Exactly. 30mins on a weak external battery pack will give me a +50% charge. Simply charging Glass while it's not in use will keep it alive throughout the day.
Between all of my devices, I use WordLens on Glass the most. Why pull out your phone and hover it over things you want to translate when you can just look at text and have your glasses superimpose the English over the foreign text for you? The Glassware app even automatically zooms/focuses in and out of text blocks for clearer reading and more accurate translations. 
Word Lens has been Glassware for a long time.
Why wouldn't they care? With how easy it is to get a degree these days, most companies want to see that you've got portfolio material under your belt as well. If my school tried to recruit a team of students to create in-house apps, especially for the medical field, I'd jump on that opportunity. 
I didn't mean to imply I work for Google. I independently write software for mobile platforms. You're right on one count though -  I'm definitely a dork. 

edit:geek->dork
This. Always this. Every CTF needs this, but for some reason devs never listen! 
I wasn't aware medical students had programming knowledge! You know, UC Irvine has studies in multiple disciplines, including [information and computer science](http://www.ics.uci.edu/). What's stopping that department from writing Glass apps for the others?
I wouldn't call Glass clunky or awkward, considering you can get it sized and fit to your face. As for the features... it's Android. You need features? You make them. 
But that's like saying that if you listened to music on your phone you'd only ever use the speakers. Glass has a jack for headphones that works perfectly fine. 
It does play music and you can't stream video to it, so I'm wondering how true most of what you're saying is...
I wouldn't call the software that Glass runs "just Android" with "a couple specific apps and framework" thrown on top. It's drastically different. 
You're right on the money with this. I don't know why anyone who isn't a developer would buy them right now unless they had a LOT of expendable income. 
This. As a Glass user, so much this. I'm currently putting together a workaround, but Google is making it very very hard... the card-based GUI is not the most user-friendly thing in the world. (but then again, neither was the original Android)
As a glass owner and developer myself, I agree. This isn't for your everyday user, but people don't seem to get that. Maybe that's Google's fault though.
I had no idea that disabling and re-enabling the G430 would fix it in BF4. I had resorted to (I know this sounds ridiculous) wearing my headset backwards as a fix, and simply not using my mic. Thanks for posting!!
Is it just me, or does this have nothing to do with sex? I think you'd find better advice elsewhere. 
Still no solution for me. Sometimes having a media player running in the background before I start Battlelog seems to prevent the issue. Sometimes after a few map changes things will be fine. It's insane and borderline rage-inducing. 

And when we divide 60 by 3 we get...?
I want to do this, but how do you make online purchases? Prepaid cards?
It's better than Old Zealand. 
Do you know why? Because it's wrong. If you read through the comments OP doesn't even know the exact location of the store, and gives another Redditor incorrect directions of how to get there. Would an owner trying to advertise do that? Stop feeding the /r/HailCorporate circle-jerk. 
No it isn't. The one across from the pizza place is on the second floor of a shop on St Marks. That's an equally awesome, if not even more obscure, vintage game shop that you should probably check out too! 
I know it's not the answer you're looking for, but so far I'm really enjoying the official stereo ear buds. They fit well and sound just as good as anything else I've used in the $75 - $99 price range. There are adapters you can buy to convert other headsets to USB, but as I've never tried one out before I can't really speak on their performance. 
The Steam page will be accurate for the PC though, considering the release will be in higher resolution than the consoles. So.....
https://glass.google.com/getglass/shop/glass 

That link works for me through incognito browsers. Remember you need to be in the US!
I was wondering the same thing. I expected one of the sites to change at 9AM.... but so far, nothing. What gives?
I'd pee in her butt.
I've got a pot-leaf dogtag and a hemp bracelet with a pot-leaf charm on it that I wear pretty regularly. I wear them because they're small and don't attract a lot of attention, but at the same time they say *"Yeah, I smoke weed, so what?"* To me, it's not about pushing it in someone's face and being obnoxious about it, it's about normalization. If people can wear golden crosses around their necks as a sign of their religion, what's so harmful about me wearing a pendant that shows I smoke weed? 
This is something you should probably PM OP about, not post it as a comment. 
I got a chance to use Glass for a day and really enjoyed it. Once you get the hang of how it works (like any new tech) it seems to blend into your day-to-day activities quite nicely. I'm a programmer, straight out of college, who's really interested in the direction of wearable tech. I live in New York City, where tech start-ups are booming. That being said, I'd love to get my hands on a pair of these and start trying to find my niche in the tech world. The Glass we're seeing today is definitely not meant for everyone, but there are quite a few fields I can see it (and other eye-devices) having a large impact.  That $1,500 price point though.....
Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem.  

Add new tricks and scares to the modernization and you're looking at an A+ title. 
I have that same case. It's huge! I love it though, it's a beat of a machine. 
...and then I noticed the user name.
Seems like a lot of speculation there --- but I really don't mean to dismiss you, so have you got any sources on that? 
The people who are saying "no" are flat out wrong. You can't use a traditional compiler on a Chromebook, but if you just want to **learn**code, here's something for you:

[Coursera: An Introduction to Interactive Python](https://class.coursera.org/interactivepython-004)

The professors from Rice University that teach the course use a web-based compiler they made called [CodeSkulptor](http://www.codeskulptor.org/) to teach the class. All of the lessons are web based and should run fine in Chrome. The quizzes and assignments are the same.

The first "quiz" is due today, but if you're a little behind in turn-ins it won't matter much in the end. This course is great (and FREE) and I highly suggest you check it out.
Kickball. 

I went to a small private school in New York City. We had half an hour of recess in the parking lot every day. At some point mid-way through first grade, our teachers decided that they were going to choose what we played at recess because after voting on tag for weeks on end, they wanted something that was a little more "fair." They chose kickball. We played kickball every day for the rest of that year. 

Fast-forward to second grade, day 1. We get outside for recess and our teacher throws us a ball. Kickball again! I *refused*. I walked over to the fence and sat down on the ground. It started a mini-revolution with the second graders. Every week new students would sit next to me and refuse to play kickball. This went on for the rest of the year. 

My third grade teacher took note of my resolve and gave us our freedom back at recess. Since then I haven't played a single game of kickball, despite working as a camp counselor for more than five years. 


^TL;DR

^^-Hated ^^kickball ^^in ^^2nd ^^grade

^^-Led ^^my ^^first ^^protest
/u/AForak9 posted it right [here!](http://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/21tmim/in_honor_of_420_being_on_easter/cggkfdj)
I use the app "[Set CPU](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mhuang.overclocking)" with profiles for different battery levels / for when the screen is off. 
How'd you get the purple tint on the camera fixed? It's my only gripe with the phone right now. 
Root the phone and use Set CPU. I managed - 4%/hr of light use (music), - 7%/hr heavy use (games) on mine after some tweaking. It'd last a damn long time if it was just asleep in my pocket for the day. Alternatively, use the Battery Save mode + turn off background sync if you're not rooted and you'll get a pretty decent life cycle. 
This makes me remember the old explosions. Remember the ringing in the ear you'd get after being too near a blast? I miss that! 
What I think you need is [RadeonPro](http://www.radeonpro.info/). It's basically what Catalyst should be. I have 8xEQ forced on and I cap my frame rate at 60 to avoid tearing. Runs smooth, looks great. 
Calllng someone ignorant isn't very classey.
Promo code you say..? 
"...say, would you rather fight one horse sized duck, or one hundred duck sized horses?"
I've never had a SLAM not explode for me. A common tactic when I'm out of rockets as engie is to run up to a vehicle, stick some SLAMs on it, and then shoot. Easy kill, and it feels a lot like using C4. 
You are. Installation is a service. A service which you are purchasing (paying for). Charging for that service is against the trademark policy.
PC Master Race:
Game-Breaking Graphic Errors

Still runs at 78 FPS
I've never seen this before. This is great. Thanks for the link! 
The oranges? 
No, no, no, that's *flying*. Hovering is a different mechanic entirely. 
[Monoprice](www.monoprice.com) for cables. There's no reason to spend more than $10 on wiring. The quality is the same. 
When I was a kid I played way too many video games...

My best friend and I used to spend weekends at his grandparents house, enjoying their pool and playing our N64 on their huge TV. One day in the middle of the summer they decided that if they left us in the pool for a few hours while they went food shopping everything would be fine. We were good kids and fairly level-headed about things (despite our massive amounts of energy) and could probably look after ourselves. They said they were locking the house up since we'd be around back, but they'd be home before we knew it and so we shouldn't worry. 

Less than an hour after they left the skies got dark. Clouds started moving in over the area. We could tell that a storm was coming, and my friend mentioned that he had heard someone say something about thunderstorms today over the radio. We decided we'd play it safe, not wanting to get electrocuted, and get out of the pool. We towel off and walk to the house, but then remember that all of the doors are locked. 

The house is shaped like an L, and in the inside corner where the walls meet, we notice there is an open window that we can use as an entry point. The problem is this window is on the second floor and there's no way we can climb. A bush is growing down below the window, and my friend mentions that it would be awesome if we could use the bush like a trampoline to bounce us upstairs.

Being an avid gamer, and a huge fan of the then-popular Super Mario 64, this setup seems all too perfect to me. The walls seem exactly like the type of setup Mario needs to do his wall-jump, and if Mario can do it, so can I! I share the idea with my friend - he agrees and says that the bush can even cushion my fall if I miss. Golden! He steps back to clear a path and I go for it, running at the wall full speed. 

I give myself a running start, leap over the bush, and hit the wall full force. My shoes miraculously catch some grip on the bricks and I'm able to "bounce" off the wall and up toward the window. Of course, my aim on the rebound is all over the place. I hit the adjacent wall, my fingertips only managing to grip the edge of the window ledge for a millisecond before gravity reared its ugly head and pulled me back toward the ground.

I hit the bush, as planned, but I go right through it -- or rather, the bush goes right through me. The rest of this is kind of a blur, but from what I've pieced together through my friend's retelling of the tale, the bush did not cushion my fall as expected. Instead it gave way to my weight and I hit the ground beneath it, but not before one of its branches pierced the flesh of my arm, just at the elbow. Luckily for me his grandparents arrived moments after this happened, and were quick to call an ambulance. I didn't require any major care, and I didn't sustain any permanent injuries, but now I've got a cool scar and a fun story to tell about the time I tried to be Super Mario and instead wound up in an ambulance having a seven-inch spiked stick removed from my arm. 

TL;DR - Played too much N64 as a kid and thought I was Super Mario. Met my own version of a Piranha Plant. 
I'm "PanicMagnet" if you give/follow squad orders and PTFO I'd love to play with you guys.
I also play a lot of Commander. 
875 :D
I'm up voting you because I wouldn't have checked that image if it weren't for your comment, and I'm glad I did. 
I love how this article starts off: 

> FRANCIS Muir was eventually jailed for the sickening attack on the African street entertainer, known as Melo, in Glasgow city centre but last night he insisted he was "a nice guy" and not racist.

Next line down

>A RACIST caught on camera abusing a busker...
Source for said talking point? All I've been able to find, both on Google and through Reddit, is hearsay and speculation. 
--wait, what?
I just ordered one. Seems legit. 
Same thing here. Can't get into games via quick match either. 
This just made me appreciate the bullet physics in games like Battlefield, where you have dozens and dozens of players firing hundreds and hundreds of projectiles that all need to be rendered and computed until their point of impact. Then the players complain that they're feeling a 5ms delay ... holy shit. 
AFAIK this only applies to the US
Reminds me of 1/2 of the NYC Subway platforms. 
>The way he glides right before landing 

What about it?
I haven't owned a console in years, so I definitely wouldn't say I'm more used to a controller. I'm a hardcore PC gamer, so usually controllers aren't my thing. I finished Hotline with mouse and keyboard but needed the controller to get all the achievements. Some of the snap movements (like clearing a stage with no weapons) just didn't work when you're limited to the two axis WASD keys. But to each their own. 
Way more than I expected, actually. I went to a couple parties wearing the costume where I'd freak people out by changing masks (I also had Aubrey, the pig mask) whenever I'd leave the room. More than a few people thought I was actually two different guys who had just coordinated costumes. Here's a [pic from Comic con](http://imgur.com/6zlDHTC) - that's me in the back. 
Absolutely loved this game. I've got it on PC but felt like it should be played with a controller. (I suggest a wired 360 controller if you can get your hands on one) I was also [Richard for Halloween](http://imgur.com/ABg7Gyb). I took that picture before I went out. The final costume was covered in blood and the bat was caked in gore. Fun stuff. Freaked a lot of people out.
Nice source! Proves my (local) point exactly. Check the hospitals in New York, it's pretty much all 1hr+
I can't believe this is true. I've brought friends and relatives into ERs for anything from broken bones to gaping lesions and we've always had to wait hours for attention. In one instance, a facial wound was left untreated for so long that the doctors said "Well, we could have stitched it if you had gotten here sooner. Now you'll just have to let it heal and hope the scar isn't too noticeable," after six hours in the waiting room. I live in New York City.
I think it's gonna take more than one fat J to get Snoop to an [8].
Original post by /u/Btotheelliott can be found [here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1p0b7j/since_everyone_enjoyed_the_picture_of_the_nyc/?already_submitted=true)
I really want to believe this. Any second opinions? Or any reliable sites with reviews? For $20 this seems too good to be true.
Stop making me want this game, Reddit. I can't afford it until I find it on a Steam sale!
Didn't Google have an entire team of people skydive with Glass during one of their big press events? Didn't that same pair of glass then jump a few buildings on a bicycle and do a few other crazy stunts? I don't think that's really a problem (and they're actually pretty comfortable to wear if you're used to regular glasses).
You're looking at this the wrong way. From a developer's prospective he's doing it wrong. I stead of fixing the problem the way the bot did (allowing better mobile compatibilities) their web developer decided to ignore the real issue. Its easier for him to firewall the bot than it is to rewrite the site to allow for more efficient mobile ads. In that sense, he's not doing his job, he's taking the easy way out.
[It looks like](https://twitter.com/Unaz/status/421090078048665600) Unaz is trying to appeal directly to the Reddit Mods to "do something about" the bot. Hmm... he's just the programmer for the site. Who ACTUALLY runs it? Maybe we can have them "do something about" Unaz as well.
[It looks like](https://twitter.com/Unaz/status/421090078048665600) he's trying to appeal directly to the Reddit Mods to "do something about" the bot. Hmm... he's just the programmer for the site. Who ACTUALLY runs it? Maybe we can have them "do something about" Unaz as well.
So how's this Technology related again..? I understand it was at CES but I don't get how it meets the criteria for the first rule of the subreddit. This is news about Michael Bay. Not about Technology. 
Are you using the same setup? G430 w/ USB connection?
Are you using the USB dongle or the regular Analog connections? 
Yes, its set to surround. The problem only occurs in multiplayer BF4. No other games, DVDs, or movies switch the channels like that.
> Razer Kraken 7.1

The Kraken is "virtual surround" with only one channel in each cup which simulates surround using Razer's engine, while the G430 has a separate channel for each. Maybe that's the difference // why you don't pick up the issue? 
I uninstalled the drivers but in order for the headset to function at all windows had to install new ones (which it did when I unplugged / plugged back in the headset). I tried a round like that and it was still broken. Then I exited the game, closed the Logitech software that was running in the background, tried it again, and I was still getting the same weird reverse audio. 

I also noticed that while I'm in vehicles, all of the vehicle's audio comes from the center left speaker, and while I'm on the ground all of the soldier audio (shuffling gear, pins on grenades, reloading, etc etc) comes from the right. 
I used to work at a GameStop in NYC, and I never really game much thought to "most popular games" lists until I got promoted to a supervisor's position which put me in charge of in-store marketing. Every Saturday we had to go around the store and change up the weekly signage. This usually meant adjusting sale prices and swapping shelf talkers, but we also had a "Most Popular Games xx/xx/2012 - yy/xx/2012" section that needed weekly updating.

All of the signs came in on Tuesdays in a big box that wasn't to be opened by anyone but the store manager until Saturday, the day the signs got switched. Realizing this, that got me thinking- *How does GameStop know what the most popular games of the week are going to be, the week before some of them are even on sale?*


Hahaha I wish! I'd do that if the mic would swivel around to the other side. Unfortunately if I tried that, however, I'd just be yelling voice comms at my screen while my squad mates got to listen to The Cat sitting behind me. 
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.
I think we should be careful about using descriptors like "*basically* rape." Especially in a case like this. 
PC has it, but pressing Esc brings it full screen. No idea about the jet ski hotkey. 
As an alternative to the medic as a helopilot, go Support with the vehicle-resupply perk. That will ensure that all of your on-board engis can fire unlimited rockets - works well in the attack boat also. 
I knew it. I knew there was something different about the audio now! That high pitched squeal and momentary silence you'd hear when standing in close proximity to something loud. THAT'S what I want back! 
In case anyone ^other ^than ^me was wondering, this is the song in the video. 

[Bongo Bong - Original Mix by Deekline & Ed Solo](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmiKPiYlFqk)
Why was I not surprised when he said "South Florida"? 
Games for Windows!? While I approve of the boobies, Lord Gaben would not be pleased.
I downloaded ViperOne from that XDA thread and I think I'll play with that for a while. It's not exactly what I was looking for (Newest Official Sense ROM w/ Root) but I think it'll do. I haven't been able to test the camera yet but everything else works fine. Thanks guys!
I've tried the Firmware update and the ROM on that page, but they're not from the latest m7spr update (that came out a while ago, now). The update I'm looking for leaves you on Sense 5.5 and Android 4.3 while this one leaves you with Sense 5.0 and Android 4.1 it's nice to have the camera and 4G back, but losing 4.3 and CM feels like I've downgraded the phone in comparison. 

The phone downloads the update from the HTC servers and prompts me to install, but after pressing OK and rebooting nothing happens. I'm assuming that, being rooted, I can't accept OTA Updates. 
Rooted stock ROM? There are two reasons I want to go back to the Sense Official ROM:

1. HTC Zoe- The m7spr has a 4 "megapixel" camera, which none of the community's developers have been able to truly get to work. I've been stuck with the equivalent of a 2MP camera with horrible low-light abilities for months. This works perfectly fine with Sense, but since the code is HTC-proprietary, you can't get Zoe (as far as I've found) outside of the official ROM.  

2. LTE- I don't know if this is ROM-specific or if there's a radio out that fixes this, but I can't maintain a proper connection to Sprint's LTE network. In order to connect to LTE I have to manually shut off 4G antenna in network settings, let my phone connect to the 3G servers, then turn the 4G on and allow the phone to switch over. If 4G service is lost the phone will not reconnect to any wireless networks unless I repeat the process. This doesn't happen with Sense. 

If I can get those two features in a "rooted stock rom" I'd be down for giving it a shot. If not, I'd rather stick with CM. Any tips / suggestions / recommendations? I'll start looking for myself (thanks a lot for the tip, btw!) but of course any outside opinions would be appreciated. 
Winning free stuff by commenting in a Reddit thread? I'm in! Praise GabeN!
How did you feel about the [Time Magazine article](http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,2136864,00.html) [The Bitter Pill](http://www.uta.edu/faculty/story/2311/Misc/2013,2,26,MedicalCostsDemandAndGreed.pdf)? Do you feel like this accurately describes healthcare inflation in the US? If so, how do you feel we, as healthcare recipients, can change this? And I don't mean "write your congressmen" 
It's all about the RPG-7V2
I've played every BF since 2 with the exception of one of the BF2 "booster packs." When you get crit in BF4 and lose mobility it is completely possible to maintain control of your craft and recover, even without an engineer on repair, but its damn hard. I'm playing on the PC but I use a 360 controller to fly and I couldn't tell you how many close saves I've made on maps like Paracel Storm (Rush) or the resort (also rush) after losing mobility. Getting hit is not the end of the world. You just need to keep in mind, while flying, that if you get hit you'll need ample room to recover. Don't fly right into the hornet's nest. Skirt the objectives. If your flares are down keep your distance.  If a rocket is going to hit and you cant evade, balance out the aircraft and brace for impact. You may get spun around and you don't want to get sent straight into the ground. Fly safe and fly smart and you'll find that the new mechanic is fun and works fine. 
Am I the only one who thinks critical hits make flying crazy fun now? I've had a love for transport vehicles since 2142, but BF4 is some of the most fun I've had flying transport. A dedicated crew of two squaddies (jumping between guns / reps) can wipe points clean. Once you've drawn some attention and the rockets start flying your way, things become super intense. Taking a critical and trying to hold on while continuing evasive maneuvers takes skill and is a blast to pull off. I'd hate to see this mechanic changed. 
It's a fucking Handyman. 
I live in the northern Bronx and I see these things all the time. I've hailed a few to get around the borough when I don't feel like taking a bus. I didn't think there was a shortage of them up here at all. 
For most ^newer phones the latest Cyanogenmod is 10.2 which will bring you to Android 4.3 [ScreenShot Here](http://imgur.com/cT2pZGC)
I think you're right, and I think there was also something to do with CPU optimization on 8.1 as well ... but I forgot the details. 
I do have to keep V-Sync on while I play or I get really horrible tearing. Keeping myself capped at 59FPS (where I generally sit with V-Sync on, unless shit really hits the fan and it drops a little) is the only way I can play. I had monitoring tools on up until recently when I switched over to an SSD (which I now recommend to everyone) and I saw a CPU jump when using Battlescreen (especially full screened). If I remember correctly, it maxed all the cores out. Now, the CPU issues might have been fixed in the last few Battlelog patches (as others have suggested). To be honest, it's been a while since I've tried to go for more than a round or two with Battlescreen full screened. But my point was that Battlescreen shouldn't be that much of a resource hog. Hell, it runs on my Tablet. It should run fine on my PC. 
If this is true, it needs more than one upvote. I was concerned about running Aero at only 6GB of RAM when the game recommends 8GB for a 64-bit OS (which I'm running). But if that DirectDraw VS Direct3D argument is valid, I've got to check it out. Thanks mate! 
How so? Isn't the recommended (not minimum, which is a dual core i5) CPU X4 3GHz? I know I'm not running a mind-blowing rig here, but I can't believe that with absolutely nothing else running I'm having a performance hit that I'm supposed to be blaming on hardware. Now, I am running Windows 7 and I hear there's a big difference in 8.1 ... but is that difference worth the $100 price tag? That's what I want to know. 
AMD Phenom II X4 965 - BLACK Edition. (3.40GHz)
And it gets worse when you F11. I can run Battlescreen just fine if I don't have any other tabs open and Aero is turned off on Windows 7, but if I full screen it I'll start taking a huge FPS hit after a round or two. 6.00GB DDR3 RAM // Radeon HD 7950
I'm getting this while playing on the PC, not a console. The queue is coming through Battlelog, not an in-game browser. 
They're only in CQ, and they only unlock when your team controls the proper points. It's the same as the Gunship, Vehicle Scan, and Infantry Scan.
So if I'm driving a jeep and I turn my head to the left, my soldier will turn to look out his window, and then promptly crash because I just turned MY head away from the TV? Cool. 
Not any more. That direct attack thing is perfect for making sure your Cruise Missiles hit their mark. Save it until your missile is cooled! 
There's a Cruise Missile on that map which is unlocked by possessing the northern city control point. If you have it, launch it at the opposing team's sniper perch. If you don't, direct ground assets to the point until you do. Then launch it at the opposing team's sniper perch. 
If all of those campers lived for any longer than three minutes, your teams' commanders weren't doing their jobs. That's an easy Cruise Missile kill. Problem solved.
"Costses" ... every time you said the cost of something you said "it costses." It's just "costs" No *e*

Other than that, good video. More people need to know about commander mode and learn what exactly a commander does. Maybe next time talk a little bit about individual squad orders, and not stacking squads on single points, making sure people push and progress in Rush / CQ. Etc etc... 
Reminds me of [this](http://imgur.com/pF4EQ8f) great image.
I have a standard reply for this sort of thing: *"Telling me I'm not going to heaven is like telling an eleven year old they're not going to Hogwarts. We both know that what you're talking about isn't real, but the fact that you said it in malice still hurts our feelings."*
In Freshman year I brought a Palm Pilot and a fold-out keyboard to class to take notes. The teachers thought it was odd, but they were okay with it so long as I wasn't playing games (Internet? Psh, what's WiFi? This is 2001). The Dean of Students spots my setup one day and pulls me out of class to ask me about it. What I was expecting to be disciplinary action turned into the best thing that happened to me all of HS. I was introduced to the tech administrator of the school and set up with a "Student Tech Admin" account for the school's computers. Suddenly I had unrestricted server and firewall access and the ability to change permissions on user accounts. I blocked every proxy website (like hidemyass) I could find, then started my master plan. For the right price, any student could come to me for access to their MySpace, Sconex, or AIM. I was suddenly the most popular [nerd] in the school, and everyone was trying to get on my good side. Somehow I managed to not make any waves with the administration until my senior year, when I came across a folder full of nude pictures one of the faculty had saved on a school computer to share with a married teacher. 
How many upvotes will it take for you to start posting HD wallpaper versions of these? 
My guilty pleasure on my way home from class. You have good taste (in nyc ethnic street meats). 
We're talking The Halal Guys, right? 
Good call! Didn't even know about that sub. 
I've been playing since BF2. If they *locked* multiplayer until I finished a tutorial that taught me to heal, revive, repair, fly, give squad orders, spot targets, etc etc I'd just be frustrated. While I think the Test Range should have a bigger role (maybe encouraging new players to try it, and then having some sort of voice over guide to show you the ropes)  I don't think they should force anyone to do it. 
Delete this post and repost to /r/randomactsofgaming 
ThePostman404 is my soldier name, [CUNY] is my clan tag. Feel free to add me on Battlelog! I play in the late evenings EST (10PM - 2AM).  I'm usually at a [7] or an [8]. 
...every time you fart you're expelling molecules out of your butt and into the air. Smelly or not, people then inhale them. They inhale your butt gas. Yes, you should apologize for making people inhale your butt gas. 

But if someone is clipping their nails, an activity that contacts you in no way except maybe *sound*, and you think that's a problem, I think you're just whining. 
Jeez the hate is strong in this sub. No, I don't stand in train doors. That's obnoxious. Move to the middle where it makes sense. No, I don't blare music. I don't even listen to music on the train. I read. No, I don't eat food on the train. I don't think I could stomach eating anything that's been exposed to subway air. 
I just don't get how clipping my nails, especially when I'm taking care to ensure that clippings aren't flying about (because that's gross), is offending people. If anyone could legitimately explain to me that this is a hygiene thing, maybe it'll change my mind. Otherwise, I'm going to keep chalking this up to easily offended people being easily offended. 
I'm not trying to say i have too much free time on the subway. Between reading and work I've got plenty to keep me busy during my trip. I just don't have time while I'm rushing out of my house in the morning. My hair is usually still wet from showering when I step out the door. 
Yeah, I really don't get what all of the hate is about. My commute is 2hrs+ (one way) by train every morning, and sometimes I don't have time for all of my grooming at home. I try to keep it to the platforms because I get that it bothers some people, but from time to time I've gotta clip en route. I've only had one woman ever confront me about how "unhygienic and disgusting" the practice was, then I showed her my nail clipper that catches the clippings for later disposal and continued about my business. Sometimes I think people go out of their way to find petty things that offend them, just to say they've been offended. 
Please don't start using this as a rebuttal against Christianity. The theory can barely hold its own water.
And here's the Wiki on Franz Mesmer, for anyone who's interested in learning more about this interesting character. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franz_Mesmer
Yes! An S&M club would fit in here quite nicely. Unfortunately, zoning laws would never allow something like that. 
I saw you play Brooklyn Bowl during early February of this year. The show was on my birthday and I turned 25. You put on an amazing show and your drummer (who I shouted out from the crowd at one point) was absolutely phenomenal! I don't really have any questions for you- just wanted to thank you for putting on a show that I'll never forget. 
Payday 2 and DotA2. Though if I'm above a [6] I'll stick to Payday. 
How am I the first person to say The Warriors?
As early as you can convince other people to start drinking with you. The key is to never drink alone. 
I don't disagree. But if such a large market is still on 4.1 I don't think it's accurate to say "everyone" is on 4.2
America. 
I say it has nothing to do with beats because if you root the One and remove the beats software the external amp still works as intended. On the flip side you can flash Beats Audio to a device that doesn't have the One's external amplifier.  So "TECHNICALLY" they are two different things. 
That has nothing to do with Beats though. That's just, as you said, an external amplifier. 
South Street Seaport, not South *Shore* Sea Port
Do you like music? You can decorate your walls [like this using your favorite album art](http://imgur.com/chADhMP) or if you've got any classic vinyls you can [pin them up to your walls like so.](http://imgur.com/73fKoLy) The second suggestion works just as well with CDs! All you need are some thumb tacks or double sticky side tape.

Justin Bieber is one of the cockiest douchebags to ever rise to fame.

I want to be you.
Every morning [this little mush](http://imgur.com/jrMRu9l) likes to wake me up by crawling under the sheets and spooning with me. She loves to be the little spoon. She was adopted from a corner store that couldn't take care of her about a year ago. Since we didn't know her name, and she was a little over a year old when we took her in, we gave her a title instead- *The Cat*

OTHERBROTHER
Every. Single. Time. Don't let these people off because they're "public figures." If anything, that should open them to (legitimate) ridicule from the general public, not protect them. If I ever saw Bloomberg walking down the street I would (peacefully) be sure to give him a piece of my mind. 
I have you tagged as "shit his pants once"
















^It's ^in ^dark ^green.
True, but on the other hand, that's a great way to be sure you're keeping religion out of politics. 
This exactly. There are elected officials at different levels all over the country running on the platforms of breaking up the big banks and investigating Wall St for their crimes. Change doesn't happen over night, especially in situations like this. If we want change to happen we have to help individuals like Warren make it happen and not just cry over the Internet about how the biggest community-oriented people-based political movement since the '60s "did nothing." If you keep that mind set, the one being pushed by mainstream media and big money, then of course nothing's going to change. 
Occupy did make a difference - now we're talking about the problems publicly and looking for solutions as opposed to just sitting back and thinking that everything is simply working as intended. 
I haven't noticed this on my HTC One, though most of my searches are voice searches. Who types things any more? 
This. I've got three lines with Sprint. I've never had a problem with them charging me for anything I didn't want. OP's situation was probably caused by a careless sales rep and customer service did their job to correct the fault. Nothing to see here, folks. 
> Can you imagine having everything you do and say in your work recorded? You'd be in uproar.

Where do you work that you're not being monitored for your entire shift? Retail and food service workers are watched over by security cameras on location. Those tapes aren't just to catch thieves, they're also meant to keep employees in check. Our offices and computer networks are policed by IT departments that keep records of our correspondence and browsing data. This is the exact same thing. 
>If Citizens want privacy

You're already open to being legally photographed / recorded in many of the same areas (if not all) where the police are open to stopping and confronting you. There is no citizen privacy concern here. 
Forest Gump. No matter how far along it is, whenever I see that movie playing on TV I always watch it through to the end. 
"Tomorrow" from the play Annie. I'd be sure to record the entire thing, so when I finally did get caught I'd be know as the "Tomorrow Killer" and every time somebody played that song people would think of me. Maybe, with some luck, I'd be able to spare a whole lot of high school kids from having to perform that play somewhere down the line. 
You monster. 
This photograph makes me really uneasy. 
Thanks OP! The first console I ever owned was an NES. My favorite game was Kirby's Dreamland. I've been at 98% on that game since I was a kid. Unlocked everything except the button in one level, but I refuse to look it up. SOMEDAY!
I'd love this! I'd pass it on to my girlfriend (who's new to video games) so she had something other than Tf2 and DotA2 to play. 
> As far as I know there are no intersections like this in the city

Yes there are:
http://www.nyc.gov/html/dot/html/infrastructure/exclusive-ped-signals.shtml 
check out the CMW servers and their TeamSpeak. There are almost always people in there (myself included) that are talking and willing to play as a squad. They run hardcore mode 64p servers. 
Burned. Attacked with machetes. Beaten. The majority of native Jamaicans are not very tolerant of homosexuality. 
"I will make my public statement when I'm ready. And I'm not doing it for free, "  if I started to feel bad for her at all when I began reading the article, that quote completely reversed that. 
My father told me that there were little men that lived on top of street lamps whose job it was to turn them on in the evening and off at sunrise. I believed him for a very very long time. 
I've been doing this on the CMW servers for months now. We call it Battle Bots. 
Download the installer for a free antivirus like Avast or AVG on another computer, load it onto a USB drive, and use the USB drive to install it on the possibly infected PC. Run it and save your computer. Or use System Restore to restore to a recent point if you've got one (then install the antivirus and run it to save your computer). 

Or just download one of those on your computer now and run them. You know how to torrent and you were able to post on Reddit. I know you can do this, fellow Ent! I believe in you! 

[8]
Like /u/Maverick44 said, there aren't supposed to be any buttons. You tap the video screen and it slowly fills up the green bar at the top. When it reaches a certain % you can submit the Vine. Otherwise you can fill the bar and submit a longer video. It's not very intuitive, I know.
I'm with this guy. After a few app crashes while trying to select a wallpaper it didn't work with any of the images I was able to chose on my One.
I met him on St. Marks a few weeks ago. He said he was planning on doing another AMA on Reddit some time around the Mayoral race. 
Skyrim 64
You know what Metro is good for? Finding an ammo box some Support dropped in a corner and sending EOD bots behind enemy lines to blowtorch people without them noticing. I call it Robot Wars. 
I just bought Mass Effect 3. Killing onslaughts of aliens in the co-op multiplayer is amazing while stoned. Taking down a huge armored monstrosity that's been wailing on your friends feels like a great accomplishment. 
If you liked any of the CoD games on the console know that the PC games are a different beast entirely. (and I, for one, am not a fan)
Man, why is everyone so chill and non-confrontational around here? ^... ^oh ^wait.
Whoa, thanks! I watched the embedded video and didn't even think to look at the description. Good call. 
Does anyone have any info on that *RNA has been bound in a lab* bit? This sounds fascinating but it's not as in-depth as I'd like it to be. 
That makes sense. I had always used shields with my 1H weapons. I figure if you're going in close for the melee the extra armor / defense is necessary.
But really, who uses magic and a one-handed axe? 
Isn't Drow like that as well? I remember seeing something about it in a Source Filmmaker video.
I went to London and didn't pay for a single drink. And I'm a guy. I love beer, and so I had a habit of asking the bartender what was on tap and what was good. I guess my (not so obnoxious) New York accent tipped people off, because every place I went I was commended for not being one of "*those* Americans," and the drinks flowed a-plenty. Also, the beer is damn amazing. 
What made T-Mobile so terrible / do you live in an urban area? Verizon isn't much of an option to me because of the data caps, but if you've got something that can sway me away from T-Mobile I'd like to hear it. 
A friend of mine has had doors like this in his house for years. His parents are both engineers. They've probably got the most modern house I've ever seen. 
Good try. If I posted that on Reddit then the girlfriend would definitely find it. 
There aren't many RPGs with the look and feel of Skyrim that offer cooperative multiplayer. If you're talking about playing on two comps, something like Torchlight 2 might be fun. There's also games like Castle Crashers and Dungeon Defenders to consider. 
I've never heard of anything expansion-specific before in terms of framerate drop, so the only thing I can suggest is having Origin do a Repair of the game. It's a shot in the dark but it might help.
I don't see the issue with this. I think [South Park](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGyKBFCd_u4) addressed the problem of saying the word *fag* best.

My ex-girlfriend's mother did this three times at a soft-serve ice cream parlor. She'd walk away for a few minutes and then insist on returning her cone because it was melting too fast. She told the poor confused kid behind the register that their machine wasn't calibrated right because *when she was his age she served ice cream and it stayed harder longer than this ice cream did*. 
+tax  +shipping?
Unfortunately, it doesn't add the option to the embedded player. The feature only pops up on the YouTube site.
*Analog back in the house!*
Both the keyboard and the case double as a stand and each has two angles you can set it up at. There's no awkward propping, holding, or lap-letting. I've got an office suite and networking tools on my tablet for work, and plenty of image editing (including RAW) apps to cover my hobbies. Double that with a stylus and it's way easier to work on than a netbook. Actually, I'm writing this reply from it right now. 
That seems like an excellent implementation of the device you've got, and one that probably couldn't be done as efficiently on a tablet. Great example of how one technology can be efficient for one purpose, while a second works better at another. Being able to upgrade the hardware in a netbook is definitely an advantage they have over tablets, though. 
Either yours is a super netbook or mine's a dud, but slowdown, weight, and heat were all factors in my discontinued use. I'm not talking burning hot here. It's not like the thing's working that hard (c'mon, it's a netbook). But it is warmer than my tablet which gives off no heat at all. Especially if it's being transported within its carrying case without first having been shut down or put into hibernation. Battery life was another factor, considering that you can sleep a tablet for days (with its boot up time being a second or two) but you need to recharge an always-on netbook rather frequently and having to shut down / reboot a dozen or more times a day gets frustrating. I know you can expand the battery for the Aspire, which is nice, but it does add additional weight. I use a bluetooth keyboard which doubles as a stand and has a built-in cursor, it's no bigger than the tablet and about half the width, so when I need hardware keys I've got them. As far as storage, most of what I do now is in the cloud and /or synced to my home & work servers. Physical storage limits are so 2010. 
Funny you mention the Aspire One because it's one of the mobile computers my Nexus replaced (the other being a MacBook). The tablet is lighter, boots instantly, and still has all of the same functionality I need while I'm on the go. No doubt that Acer makes some great Netbooks, but after a few months of heavy use I always run into the same problems with them: they slow down, they get hot, and they're still heavier than my tablet. 
The saving grace of tablets is their price. A Nexus 7 for $200 (or less) is an amazing piece of technology. Bundling in all of the features of a full-on laptop without raising the price beyond a couple hundred bucks is going to be difficult. I've got a Nexus 7 with a bluetooth keyboard and I haven't touched my laptop in months. I don't see a need for it any more.
Of course I'm in for this. This game looks amazing. Thanks OP!
Says the person sitting at their computer on reddit.
Watch the video, not the gif. Then tell me again how wrong I am.

Edit: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=KC6yb7HN1LA#t=456s

There's a link to the video at the same moment the gif covers. 
The sniper shot a guy who was throwing the nade. It fell and the explosion killed the other guy. That's how 'nades work in BF3. 
TEARS by Health.

http://youtu.be/zEH_LSL4rVw

Headphones in. Hood up. Sunglasses on. Walking around the city like the badass I (like to imagine I) am. 
If you don't know what a "nightlife" "social scene" or "attractions" are you'd probably enjoy Bronxville. It's a perfect location for those who like to sit in their pretty homes and maybe, on occasion, walk around their neighborhood to admire how *nice* and *clean* things are. Let's not joke around here- the Bee Line is a terrible service if you've lived in NYC and are used to MTA buses. Westchester's bus services run less frequently and (most of them) stop at around midnight. I used to commute via The Bee Line for work. It was not fun. I'm going to make the assumption that you think the only "two nice areas in the Bronx" are Country Club and Riverdale, and I'm going to tell you that you're horribly mistaken. There are quite a few nice areas to live in the borough ... heck, even AM New York recently ran an article titled "Morris Park: The Bronx's Little Secret" that described one of the lesser known neighborhoods. 
There's a fairly decent late-night scene around Fort Greene, especially if you push up toward Clinton Hill. It's a bit of a trek into the city, though. 
Anywhere off of the first five Brooklyn stops on the L train would do it for me. I grew up in the Bronx but lived in Brooklyn for a year, and I wasn't far off of the Morgan stop. Great scene out there with plenty to do, and a short trip into the city. I'm hoping to make it back out there once I can figure out how to compete with the ridiculously high rent so many of these trust fund babies are willing to pay. 
Lack of a rich (not wealthy) nightlife, very narrow social scene, limited public transit, limited "attractions" etc etc. I live in a rather nice neighborhood in the Bronx. It's very clean, there are multiple parks nearby, we've got easy access to shopping areas and malls, but it's still north of Manhattan, and anything north of Manhattan is a social wasteland. I'd never move even FURTHER up north to Bronxville. 
Calvin Harris & Florence Welch - Sweet Nothing (Diplo+ Grandtheft Mix) 
If you've got a good sound system the dynamics in this song are incredible. 
http://open.spotify.com/track/3CPBmuUQnW4b2o4yUlJOjx
I always miss this game's Steam Sales. I'm in! Thanks a lot, OP! 
The first time I had this was also the first time I smoked from a vape. I was at a [10] and thought that my friend had just given me gum. I chewed it for a few minutes and started bugging out when it began disintegrating in my mouth. I tried as hard as I could not to swallow it, still thinking that it was only meant to be chewed. Finally I spoke up, "this is delicious, but it's falling apart in my mouth!" Needless to say, many lulz were had. 
I've never heard your music but I wanted to let you know that you had the best Harlem Shake video on YouTube. 
I got kicked (and subsequently banned) for my username on a few of my favorite BF3 servers before I found CMW. It was great to find some people who could take a joke. Their community is great and their TS is almost always populated. 
I saw RJD2 live at Brooklyn Bowl in NYC for my birthday. The smile on that guy's face could light up the room. You could tell he LOVED what he was doing. He had a live drummer (who he's known since high school) that absolutely ROCKED it. Great show. 
I just can't stop picturing it breaking in the front. Imagine a face full of mower blades. *Ouch!*
So if I've got this right, none of the established eSports leagues took on CoD, so Activision went ahead and made their own? I don't think that's "Finding a home." This reminds me of the AFL (Arena Football) and the NFL. 
OC Remix has an amazing "acoustic" version of Song of Storms.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7q29aZeT4FY
Same here. No one WANTS to be homeless. No one WANTS to be an addict or an alcoholic. If my dollar can help them get through the day, whether it be through feeding their stomachs or their addictions, so be it. I won't miss that change in my pocket. I won't miss that one dollar bill. 
I've got Cadence's Reddit watch. I constantly get questions about it, and reactions are always positive. Great looking timepiece!
Funny, that's the exact reason why I didn't like 2. I thought the combat was sub-par.
Ethnic heritage of America..? What ever happened to us being the great melting pot of society?
>"Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
Thanks for the giveaway! Definitely Easter Chicks. Rabbits don't lay eggs!
I don't like the NBA. I don't know who these people are. This video was still hilarious. 
...I think CoD is more like Death Match than Rush. Rush is still tactical, especially considering how wide-open the maps are now. I don't see the comparison. 
But here in New York it says "Protect and Serve" right on the cop cars. Isn't that a declaration of duty? 
Pokémon. 
=
* Red, yellow, or blue? ^Blue, ^my ^friends ^had ^Red ^and ^we ^traded.
* Who'd you start with? ^Bulbasaur, ^I ^always ^pick ^grass.
* What else have you played? ^Gold ^Crystal ^Platinum ^and ^White.
* Which was your favorite? ^Platinum. 
* Ever watch the TV show? ^I ^watched ^every ^episode ^as ^a ^kid.
* Ever play the card game? ^No, ^but ^I ^collected ^them!
No fat chicks.
I'm fairly sure that this is not the case on my Nexus 7. If I open an app and navigate around a bit, then go back to the home screen, open the switcher and swipe away the app, when I open the app again from the home screen it's back to its main page. Not where I navigated to. (Reddit Is Fun / Play Store)
I was semi-involved with a grassroots-type relief effort. Our preliminary group, which consisted of a couple of heads of the organization along with some medics engineers and planners, were basically run out of town. Money was stolen, supplies were stolen, and at one point someone was fired upon. The group was forced to return to the states early and the entire effort had to be restructured. That's when I bailed on the whole thing. 
Thanks for pointing this out! I'll keep a look out for it.
Well, now I know what game I'm getting next time I see it on a Steam Sale.
Sounds great in theory. 
I've read all of your books and have been a huge fan of your show(s) for years. I'm from NYC and couldn't get a ticket to hear your talk at the 92nd St. Y a couple of years ago (even though I've worked there). I was devastated. 

When can we expect another public appearance in NYC? I'd love the chance to shake your hand.
It's spelled *Na'vi*
Built-in FRAPS is great. 
I second this. I don't think using voice recognition that actually works is awkward at all. On the contrary, asking Google Now to help identify craft beers has become a really cool bar trick, and asking for directions has never been easier. 
I'd agree with you if we weren't talking about a post that's garnered quite so much attention. There's plenty of quotation, citation, and fact-checking going on on that page- enough for me to believe the credibility of the top comments and replies. 
I think that saying that it is the "TOP POST" means that it has been upvoted, and thus backed up and verified by, several members of our community. Good logic.
It's looking like a MoBo upgrade might be a good idea, considering I've got PCI Express 2.0 and not 3.0 ... This is all a birthday self-gift, so I'm trying not to go over $400 total and I'd rather not replace my [Processor](http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16819103727) unless I have to.

Edit: Or since 3.0 Cards are backwards compatible to 2.0 ports does it really not make a difference? I'm confusing myself here.
Today's also my IRL cakeday. I suddenly feel extremely powerful.
Thank you so much! Now I'll have to figure out what to do with this 560 Ti  once I replace it. Is it possible to run two monitors off of two different model video cards (without SLI), or is this completely out of the question?
[This](http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814130604) is my current card, in case you needed a link and wanted to check out the specs.
I don't know what keyboard you're using but I never have this problem with my Nexus 7. I'm running Swiftkey, and sometimes I use a hardware keyboard. 
Thanks for clarifying. I edited my original comment for clarity. Upvotes to you, sir.
I think the last part of this article is what struck me the most. Who the hell gets a misdemeanor *reduced to* violation for resisting arrest and breaking a cop car window..? 

*Edit: Thanks to /u/webbles for clarifying the charges for me.*
Then downvote the post and move on. Posting about how you're "tired of seeing this shit" doesn't contribute to the conversation and buries relevant  posts like [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1557gw/law_suit_incoming_warz_copied_parts_from_walking/c7jfkfu) that can better explain the content. 
    Whatever happened to reddiquette? 
I make it a point not to shop at Wal-Mart, but in general if you buy something that goes on sale less than a week after you buy it, you can bring it back and return it / buy it at the sale price, or simply get the difference in a refund. Nowhere did I say I was "mad," I was simply asking a question. 
I had B2K and AK since their respective releases, and I bought Premium less than a week ago (at full price) after all of my favorite servers went Aftermath. Do you guys think I could get some sort of partial refund? Who would I even contact for this? 
But there's no sex there.
Am I the only one who noticed that the cat was almost as crooked as OP was?
He got the symmetry question wrong... 
I need to downvote this before my girlfriend finds it. 
I wonder if there's any way to check the documents found shredded in the streets to see if they correlate with anything the NYPD 'lost' in their big warehouse flood in Greenpoint after Hurricane Sandy. 
http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/Storm-Sandy-Flood-Damage-Evidence-NYPD-Police-Ray-Kelly-Crime-180196321.html
I haven't found a single gas station in my borough that's held to these ridiculous restrictions in the first place.
Sprint. I've been with them for years. Even if my 4G isn't *that* fast, it's reliable and gets to all my devices. 
I use FoxFi to enable tethering on my phone. Most carriers banned it from the Play Store, but a quick Google search will lead you to the developer's website which has the .apk download link. 

*note: since I have an HTC phone I have to blue tooth tether, and so I also use PDANet on my tablet for connectivity. 
I recently bought a Nexus 7 (I'm on it right now) and I'm extremely happy with the purchase. It's better than any other Android device I've owned (I've got a 4.0 phone) and the fact that it's WiFi only is mitigated by tethering my phone which has an unlimited data plan. 

I got the 8GB version before they lowered the price of the 16. Even with the low memory, I find that most of what I'm storing is on my Google Drive or Drop Box any way and it's not really a big deal. 
I've seen more than a handful of robberies on the NYC subway. There were only a couple of instances (one of them mine) where the stolen property was retrieved on the spot, but all of them (again, including mine) happened right near the doors while at a station. It's a good rule of thumb to sit near the middle of the bench if you're the type who MUST use their gadgets on the train. 

Other than that, I've found that a lanyard around the wrist, kind of like those that attach to a Wii-Mote, will do. Many phones have a lanyard loop on them somewhere. If not, many cases will. 
Obama says that, at 25, he knew what he wanted to do with himself but he had no direction. Now he's President of the United States. Being 24, that makes me feel **so** much better about myself.
Well like they say, once you go black...
Unless you've got one of the many common VOIP packages that cable companies offer these days! 
I'm from NYC and would gladly trade mayors with Newark. Maybe he should take a trip across the river when his term is done. We all know we havn't had a competent leader here in what, six years?
I'm from NYC and would gladly trade mayors with Newark. Maybe he should take a trip across the river when his term is done. We all know we havn't had a competent leader here in what, six years?
Remember back in 2006, when he made our theme song?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9qYF9DZPdw&feature=share
There used to be a webapp that would let you map out the blast radius of different sized bombs as they would appear on a Google Map. Does anyone have a link to that? 
I've never coded before, but I have a strong interest in game development. I work a shit job and don't have the credit to take out student loans to pay for college. I've been using Coursera and Edx to learn programming in the hopes of developing my own mobile games (as this is what I want to do with my life). From my experience, they're great sources for beginners. 
If you live near the Barcade in NYC, tonight is their 8-year anniversary and they're having a special beer night. We should do a massive Reddit meet up. 
Source? 
A **p**ersonal **i**dentification **n**umber number number for the **a**utomatic **t**eller **m**achine machine machine..?
Upvotes to the top! 
While I'm a staunch advocate for a mouse and keyboard setup (higher accuracy, quicker snap-response) if your biggest drawback is the controller, plug in a wired 360 controller and play like that. I use the mouse/keyboard for infantry and most ground vehicles, and a 360 controller for all of the air.

I played on the 360 for months before I was able to buy a video card good enough to play on the PC. To me, it's worth the price tag. This is an amazing game on a very robust engine. It deserves to be played on a solid piece of hardware. 
That's a close call. Confronting people like that is often dangerous. I'm glad he shot himself and not her. 
I see what you did there. 
Thus should be x-posted to /r/politics
Looks like they took the page down. Anyone have another link? Or a cache?
He's traveled the country with that piano. If you stop to talk to him, he's a really nice guy and is very appreciative of fan support. 
Two and a Half Men. Without Charlie that show is terrible. 
Bingo!
I guess this is why I've heard so many people refer to them as "Idiot buttons"
Ten dollars? That's it!? But I paid sixty bucks for that!
Anyone who's willing to drown in debt can get themselves a BA or a BS these days, and furthermore anyone can go to a trade school. Learning a skill isn't enough any more, not in this job market. Everyone wants to work, and with so many people needing jobs, it's easy for employers to just find replacements. 
That person standing front and center should have jumped the stand and given Serena their flag. Imagine the photo-op!