An exception here is when the issue is obvious and widely known and long proven and not arguable and someone is dinging you to provide sources for something like whether and how photosynthesis works or how an amendment reads. They're just being obstinate and disingenuous because they hope to cling to their crap point and wear you out by making you work to provide them with things they shouldn't even have to look up, but easily could if they cared, but will argue against even if you do. It's not even worth it to continue so you leave them to go find the sources or look into it themselves, which you both know they won't. 
We need a better set of responses because people literally don't know what to say. What can you say? Even when it's not a baby. Nothing seems good enough or on target. You want them to know you acknowledge the loss, you know they're hurting, you wish it hadn't happened, you want them to have some kind of comfort and solace, you want to help them cope in any way you can, but there just aren't great words for that and there really isn't anything for it but to leave them to their awful mourning. And you also feel like you can come off with too weak a sentiment. "I am sorry for your loss" for example sounds insensitively neuter. 
Back in the day, I'd do this with pro wrestling when one good guy rushed into the ring to beat up a gang of bad guys, or when guys in a battle royale would kind of just stumble around because the main action was happening elsewhere and they needed to bide their time until their cue. I remember watching someone come in to beat up Kevin Nash, Scott Hall, and someone else in their crew. And while the good guy beat up maybe Kevin Nash, Scott Hall stood there watching from a few feet away and he was like jogging frantically in place with a scared OMG! look on his face while waiting his turn to get punched. It was hilarious. Because he knew all the eyes in the place were on the main two guys fighting and he just needed to look involved without being involved and not just standing there. You don't notice that when you're watching the main fight.

Another thing that's fun in pro wrestling is to watch the ref for the whole match! Nobody gives a shit about the ref, and they are invisible until it's time to tell the guy to stop hitting the guy in the corner or to get distracted by the manager or whatever, but they put on a committed act the whole time! Looking concerned, darting to shove their hand under a guy's back for some reason, doing lots of meaningless infomercial gestures. You realize that for all those years you never noticed what they were doing, but they'd been doing it the whole time, every time. So much fun.
A trick that's supposed to work to get around country blocking is to replace "tube" with "pak" in the url of any country-blocked youtube video. I can't get it to work in this case myself, just hourglassing and shitty popup ads, but I have broader video issues on this computer so maybe someone else can.

https://www.youpak.com/watch?v=hLrxp9OOSbc
I like them both for different reasons. Trump was always kind of a cartoon person, but the knob has been cranked and he's 100% cartoon now. Baldwin's impression is on that cartoon tip and I think very fitting for the trump of the last few years. 
With all of these answers, we don't know what other stouts people have tried, so we don't have the relative context to know how much to take it as high praise or recommendation. 

With that said, I think mine was Speedway. Like a potent liquid sex brownie. Right up there close with it are things like KBS and Hunahpu. For context though, I don't think I've had any of the recent-ish wave of pastry stouts.
They're going to do it in one of those airplanes that they fly up and down to simulate a zero-g environment, and will pump the cabin full of pure oxygen.
Jeez, lady, take it easy! If he's reporting what he got from a source, that's different than pulling something out of his ass to stir up shit. It might be sloppy if he didn't check enough other sources on the subject to judge its veracity, but this is apparently what someone he consulted told him was going on behind the scenes. That's different than him saying she's ducking or something just to keep himself relevant. How much of the fanbase has ever even heard of this woman? If he wants to make shit up to stay relevant, he's going to pick an actual name. 
There isn't always a void filler worthy of the name. The show drifts into the wilderness sometimes and lacks identity and punch. People can develop and rise to the occasion, but new blood seems to be the way back most times.
I thought I had read somewhere that it was deliberate. Maybe I'm misremembering.

Well, regardless, it was the way they spelled it and was the point of the tongue-in-cheek asterisked fan correction above.
An easy, mild, non-bitter, friendly one that you can find most places is Fat Tire by New Belgium. 

Newcastle brown ale is also available most place. It might be the worst brown ale out there - but not because it tastes bad (unless it has skunked a bit due to storage conditions), just because it's very low-intensity, like the saturation knob has been turned down. That makes it gentle and easy to drink, and the touch of caramel sweetness makes it an easier prospect than beers that come off as bitter at first, and can offend. Down the road, it will probably start to seem too low on flavor compared to most beers, but that's fine if its job was just to be a friendly starter.


Hey OP, remind everybody how this list was compiled. I think I remember you saying something like it was the first few songs voted off of each of the albums previously in this same series of posts? Judging by the comments, it sounds like people think you just made up a list yourself.
The shameful problem of roadway masturbation is tearing families apart, and you could be next. Do all you can to help today.
They deliberately spelled it cemetry on the song Cemetry Gates for some reason. I always wondered if it was supposed to evoke "symmetry" for some figurative reason.
Polite of them to give you a please call back later. My favorite is the ol':

Welcome to your city government solutions center. Press 1 for utilities. Press 2 for the clerk's office. Press 3 for administrative review appeals. *[3]*. 

Press 1 if you have an existing ticket number. *[1]* 

Please enter or say your ticket number. 

9 4 5 7 9 1 9 4 2 5 9 8 3 1 7

I heard '9 4 5 7 9 1 9 4 2 5 9 8 3 1 7'? Is this correct? Press 1 for yes. Press 2 to re- *[1].* 

Please hold... ... ... rinnnng... rinnnng... rinnnng... All of our agents are busy. Did you know you can access your account and check your ticket status online? Please visit our website and click on Ticket Status for faster service... rinnnng... rinnnng... rinnnng... All of our agents are busy. Did you know you can access your account and check your ticket status online? Please visit our website and click on Ticket Status for faster service... rinnnng... rinnnng... rinnnng... All of our agents are busy. Did you know you ca-

*[crackle... keyboard sounds...]* Hello thank you for calling the municipal administrative services center customer service support line. *clicky clacky clacky* My name... *sigh* Rhonda... may I have your ticket number?

*gives number*

Okay thass 9 4 5 7 9 1 9 4 2 5 9 8 3 1 7? Izzat correct?

Yes.

*clicky clacky...* Okay how can I help you.

Well I was on the website just now and tried to check my ticket status and it gave me an error message and told me to call this number. 

Okay you have to check dat status on the website. 

Right, I did but it gave me an error, you see, and told me to call this number. It says "Error 61347 exception delivery fault" And I tried twi-

OK this is not tech support. You gon' hafta call the IT wif website problems.

Ah, yes, but the website told me to call *this* number. Look, can you just look it up on your computer and tell me where we are? We need to know if we're going to get this zoning approval review appeal decided by the end of the month because we can't get the permit without the zoning approval and their cutoff is the end of the month, and we'll have to start ov-

OK sir you hafta check dat on the website.

...Right. Which I did. But got the error. Can't you just see it there on your screen? The phone system made me type in my ticket number and you just asked me for it too. Surely your computer must be showing you the status of our appeal, right?

OK sir we cannot give that out over the phone. The ticket will be updated on the website when the status change. 

Yeah, not working. Look, somebody there has to know the status of our appeal. I mean... do you guys have a customer service window downtown where I can come check this in person? 

OK we do not have a customer service window sir. 

...*sigh*... Rhonda, I wonder if you could help me out here. I really need to know the status of our appeal. There's a lot of money riding on this and the website is not working right now. And I-

OK you gon hafta call IT fo dat.

... Fine. Fine. Could you transfer me? 

OK please hold...

Welcome to your city government solutions center. *[GOD DAMN IT!]* Press 1 for utilities. Press 2 for the clerk's office. Press 3 for administrative review appeals. Press 4 for civil court. Press 5 for criminal court. Press 6 for family court. Press 7 for probate. Press 8 for small claims court. Press 9 for information technology services. *[9]*.

Please hold... rinnnng... rinnnng... rinnnng... 

Archives.

...What?

Archives, this is Wanda.

Ohh. I was actually trying to reach IT services.

Well this is Archives.

OK, could you transfer me?

Please hold... 

Welcome to your city government solutions center. *[MOTHERFUCKER!]* Press 1 for utilities. Press 2 for the clerk's office. Press 3 for administrative review appeals. Press 4 for civil court. Press 5 for criminal court. Press 6 for family court. Press 7 for probate. Press 8 for small claims court. Press 9 for information technology services. For all other questions, press zero or stay on the line. *[0]*.

Please hold... rinnnng... rinnnng... rinnnng... All of our agents are busy. Did you know that you can access many city services online? Visit our website for help with residential matters, courts, zoning, permits, and more! Please hold, someone will be with you in a moment... rinnnng... rinnnng... rinnnng... All of our agents are busy. Did you know that you can access many city services online? Visit our website for help wi-

Hello, city information services, this is Donna, how may I direct your call? 

Hi Donna, I'm trying to reach IT services but when I pre-

Please hold for IT.

NO NO WAIT! DONNA! Wait. Are you there?

I'm here sir. 

Whew! Sorry. Heh. Hey listen, I'm having a hard time here and keep getting bounced around to different departments and when I tried just now to press 9 for IT, it sent me to Archives for some reason and they said they were going to transfer me to IT but it just kicked me back out to the main line and that's how I got to you. And I didn't even want IT, I wanted administrative review appeals but I tri-

Please hold for administra-

NO! Wait! I already talked to them. They were the first ones who said they were going to transfer me to IT but it kicked me back out to the main city line then too and I had to start over. I was just trying to check the status of my ticket and I wen-

You can check that on the website sir. Just go to www-

No, I know. That's where I started. But what happens is, you enter your ticket number and it gives you an error message and tells you to call a phone number and that puts you through to the municipal administrative services center customer service support line and they take your ticket number but they can't give you a status update over the phone and you have to do it on the website, but the website's not working, and they say they can't do anything about that and I have to call IT but I can't get through to IT. What's actually happening is, we've got this project, see, and we can't go forward if we can't get zoning approval, because we have to get a permit, and to get a perm-

Please hold for Permitting.

No no, Donna. Listen. Permits won't even talk to me until I get this zoning thing nailed down - I tried - and the thing is, we'd have to get them the approval confirmation by the end of the month to make it into the next month's queue, and we've got the property sitting on go here and w-

Would you like me to transfer you to IT?

Well, well, see, but what's happening is, everybody who tries to put me through to IT - and I'm sure they mean well - kicks me out to the main city line and I have to start all over. And there are no more options after zero, so you're really the last person I've got here. Do you have a direct number for IT that I could write down just in case I get kicked out again?

... ... *[clackety clackety clack... clack clack]* Yes sir that number is 888-555-1212. Transferring now.

WAIT! Donna...? 

*sigh* Sir?

Heh, the thing is, that's just the main city line. That'll put me right back where I started. What I'm looking for is a direct number to IT. 

OK sir you can't dial them directly. You have to go through the main line.

Ohh goodness. Listen, I'm sure that's policy but help me out here. I literally can't get to them through the main number, and nobody is able to transfer me directly there. Do you understand? I can't get my ticket number checked if I can't get through to IT. Is there *any*thing you could do here? I mean, I know they have phones over there. Surely there's a direct line to somebody. Anybody. Please, we've got so much riding on this deal and if we can't get this thing locked down we're going to lose our investors becau-

Please hold... ... ... *[5 min.]* ... ... OK thank you for holding sir. You can reach IT at 888-555-1243 ext. 4.

OH! Thank you so much, Donna! I sincerely appreciate it. Thanks again. Bye.

*dials*

rinnnng... rinnnng... rinnnng...

Service desk

Hello?

Hello

Is... this IT?

Yeah.

To whom am I speaking?

Travis.

Ah, well Travis, I am trying to check on the status of my administrative review appeal for a zoning application that I've go-

This is an internal support desk.

What?

This is an internal department. We don't deal with the public.

But this is where they sent me. The ticket system on the website's messing up, see, and- 

Yeah we don't do that. 

But you're the IT department. If you don't handle the website, who does?

Well I mean, we *handle* it, but we just maintain it, we don't get involved with any of the, you know, things the public does on there.

...Well who does do that? 

Uhh... I think you'd need to call the the municipal administrative services center customer service support line. I've got that number somewhere....

Oh, that's actually where I started. They were the ones who originally sent me to you but I got bumped out to the main line and tried to hit 9 to get to IT but it gave me Archives and they bumped me to the main line too and I had to start over and then the operator finally gave me this number and I-

They're not supposed to give this number out.

I know, I know, I was just looking for a favor here. Is there any way you could look up the status of my appeals tick-

We can't do that from here. 

But it's literally on the website that your department maintains. 

Yeah we don't have access to that system backend, we just call the interface to our site. Somebody else works with that database.

...OK, who's that? Can I get in touch with them? 

Uhh, well they don't really deal with the public either. If you call the main city line, you ca-

Travis. Please. I'm dying. I literally have no way to get to this info. Just... if you could please just patch me through to those people, I won't be but a few minutes.

... OK, well you can try. I've got their number here... Let me patch you through. 

Wait! Could give me the num... Travis?

*[click... dialtonnnnnne]*

#### MOTHERFUCKING FUCK CUNT GODDAMN FUCKER SHIT AAAAAAAAAAH!!!

Maybe we could modify the first amendment so that it protected the right to petition government... without compensation. 
Nickelback hipster here. I hated them before hating them was cool. Suck it, latesters!
What we need to do is brainstorm some good cat-based food products that can be the hot new thing. That'll get 'em on board. Cat-O's, catsicles, cat chips, let's go for some fun stuff for kids to bug their moms for at the grocery store.
> pigs 

Hawaii needs to become the home of the various national bbq circuit championships then. Everybody wants to go to Hawaii anyway, so everybody from Carolina to College Station could pack up and vacation there for a week and smoke loads of invasive pigs. Everybody wins. Unless you don't like redneck haoles, that is.
I was at the grocery store the other day looking at some mangoes and a feral horse knocked me clean over. Somebody needs to do something about this.
Grenades. That'll get 'em. 
I've never shot a boar with anything but was interested to see this comment because in the usual post-massacre reddit gun debate this last time, a guy was explaining that he needed his AR because boars rampaging in the neighborhood. So I mean, between helicopter hunting and rampage patrol, maybe we have a good body of evidence for AR-boar efficacy. I feel like I'd go with an M-249 if it was me. Let's get this shit done.
NO IT'S GOTTA GO RIGHT NOW
It wouldn't matter though. Except for the comic relief, what if everybody just threw banana peels everywhere? Hey, they're biodegradable after all. Nobody wants to see cigarette butts or any other kind of litter laying around everywhere , blowing around in the dust devils, getting washed along gutters. It's trash and it's trashy and the excuses for it are all bullshit, like the guy lower down from here on the downvote train. Same excuse comes up every time. The world has failed to provide them with a suitable receptacle so it's therefore OK to just toss them anywhere. "Oh well, what can I do? ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯"
https://youtu.be/OQSNhk5ICTI?t=21
I hate hate hate that shit. Anytime someone wants me to do subscription stuff, I either do the non subscription option or I don't do it. They talk about cloud convenience and shit, but I don't need that. I've got MS office on a 2007 machine and it has worked fine the whole time. They'd rather I pay them monthly or annually for all that time. I'd rather I didn't. Eat shit!
That's what my dad says. He's got run flats but on a long rural trip in an unfamiliar area, hoping to find a shop at all, and hoping it's during business hours? It's just not smart. He went and bought himself another wheel and tire that he tosses in the back if he'll be leaving town on a road trip.
The bar isn't set very high on that show though. The content, the subject matter, the tone, the guests. No one will confuse it for a think tank.
"Oh you know, just doin' muh thing. Sup?"
The IRS voluntary excess tax payment dropbox for concerned billionaires.
But one thing is definitely true. I am an excellent dancer when I'm drunk as hell. I know this because it's my own experience. 
I absolutely love it!

Skits would obviously be great, but right now I'm picturing him introducing the musical guest. "Ladies and gentlemen, Kendrick Lamarrr! YAYYYYY!"
I don't think he should have ever released any sample chapters. There just isn't a need for it. We obviously want all of whatever book he's writing at any given time, but to dole it out in crumbs seems unsatisfying. And it seems to detract from the full book whenever it comes out. I think any new book should be a totally fresh experience. It's not like I have to read the sample chapters. And I think I actually skipped whatever the last ones were for this reason (it's been years, hard to remember), just wanting to wait for the book to come out. But I don't think he ought to do it. Don't erode the thing.
Coming to an elevator or department store dressing room near you!
That happens to me with any fancy coffee above Starbucks level. Grassy? Citrus? Berries? Nope, just coffee. An occasional hint of cocoa when claimed, but often not even that. My palate just never matured past a certain point despite my desire.

It happened to me with beers, with certain spirits, but not with the thing I drink every morning. I don't get it. So maybe it'll happen to you after long enough with beers like it did for me, and maybe not. Even still though, there are plenty of times I'll have an IPA or something and taste none of the claimed flavor notes. Elderberry? Guava? Nope, just tastes like a standard IPA to me. 

One thing with IPAs is that these days is they often focus on adding hops that contribute primarily to aroma, not flavor or bitterness. So it's easy to smell something that you don't necessarily taste. That's a different and more subtle story than not being able to tell the difference between a Belgian abbey ale and an IPA, but it's just an example of one kind of disconnect that makes more sense when you know the different ways a beer can be brewed. 

As for the abbey/IPA thing, that's harder for me to identify with but all I can say is keep going. Whatever you do, just make sure you're enjoying yourself first and letting anything else be secondary details.
To headline-only readers, be aware that the only reason weed is in the headline is because that gets more clicks than other topics. The rest of the article beyond a blurb from the Deschutes guy has nothing to do with weed and is just the usual article about changing market trends and lots of other details involved in being in the business today, using the local experience to make it relatable to the Bend/Oregon reader. We don't need to have a debate about assumed intent or implications based on a terse title.
Ha ha! I wasn't aware of that one. 
I think this is an interesting take. I feel like I want to adjust the EQ though, or more probably remix and master it though. I want to pull back some of that smothering noise that for me is competing too much with the vocals. I suppose this particular sound is characteristic of a particular style of music though. 
"Zombie child thriving after revolutionary treatment"
he lub you!
Their little tails eeeeeeeeeeeee!
Massage the clitoris.
Cool, I had not heard that one before. I think that song and that subject matter lend themselves really well to his style and the things he sings about. While looking at that one on YouTube I saw a link to another one. He also covered Ask:

https://youtu.be/b0EzWaOsvu0
That one is certainly reimagined. They definitely made their own.
This is an unheralded song from his catalog - I never see fans talking about it - but it's one of my top few favorites of the solo years. It's a story, it's got such an urgent energy to it, it's a mystery, it's so specific without saying what happened, the premise of a flailing, sketching, mute witness to a crime is both hilarious and tragic, and there's even the absurd idea of a frisbee-related crime! Ohhh, wonderful. Just wonderful. And it ends with such a sweeping feeling like the camera is going wide-angle and floating up and away from this particular story (which will continue unfolding without us) with the sense that this lens will drift back down onto some other story at a later date, just for a slice of it again, but enough for our minds to fill it up with so much implied backstory. 

The line that always bubbles up in my head and makes me go listen to this song is, 

"4 a.m., northside Clapham Common / Oh God, what was she doing there?"

Yes, yes, we want to know too! Ohhh!
Me: It's subjective

You: Ah, but what you fail to see is that it's subjective.

I believe we are resolved and can move on. I'm going to anyway.
I think it's not an uncommon phenomenon with bands. The big ones that get played over and over, that they're best known for, and that the wider listening public knows, lose their luster for the fans of the whole catalog where so many treasures are buried. 

I love TIALTNGO and How Soon Is Now, but I only rarely listen to them. And it's been like that for many years. But when I first started finding their stuff, I of course loved those two and wore them out. They really are brilliant masterpieces. But I suppose I have drunk my fill for the most part. 

Other Smiths songs get stuck in my head out of nowhere all the time, and I have to go listen to them just to exorcise them, and that can take a few months! I go on these marathon kicks. But those songs stuck in my head are tons more likely to be things like Charming Man, Jeane, Bigmouth, Cemetry, Frankly, Thorn, Ask, Coma, Share You, Glove, Devil, London, Panic, Earned It, Still Ill, Vulgar, Headmaster, Hooligan, Can't Have, Over, Rush, Take Time, Some Girls, Rusholme, Stop Me, etc. Realistically I halfway throw Panic in there with the big two, but Dublin Dundee Humberside just bounces up in down in my brain too easily and I have to hear it.
> but it's subjective so there we are

ASK HUH SISTAH.
Me too. But it's pretty much just anything anybody feels like posting. I guess it is conceptually flawed since best will always be subjective. I'll eat my hat the day Adam Sandler is best of anything though.
The problem with this sub is that it is effectively r/somethingIlikedonNetflix which is a different concept than any sort of greatest hits, but it's subjective so there we are.
When I wasn't looking they changed the phonetic pronunciation system and now I don't know how anything is pronounced and I'm never going to learn the new system.
Does your arm band have the unit conversions in it? I might get one of those.
She was just so... sterile. I was not a Mad Men guy so maybe I didn't really know what to expect but wow, dentists could use that one instead of novocaine. I felt nothing.
Wow I had forgotten January Jones. That one was like trying to masturbate to a photo of tupperware. 
As an SNL fan and a fan of these two guys specifically, it's hard for me to see outside the bubble to judge how recognizable these guys will be to the Emmy-watching general public. Will they be like, "Who?" Or do they have more external recognition than I'm thinking?
Buddha take the wheel!
That... sounds pretty good!
Morrissey has become such a thorny, tangled mess that it's hard for me to imagine any of the other three guys relishing the idea of getting back together with him. I can only think it would be for some quick cash, because you know exactly how it would end. Canceled shows, made-up scapegoat drama, acrimonious halt, and a nasty, withering, public parting spray of acid. Guaranteed. If I were one of them I wouldn't touch that with a 10 foot pole unless I was in financial hardship.
Anybody know which bean they use for the blonde? I buy their Veranda beans and they're the best of theirs that I've had. They have another blonde one though called Willow that doesn't appeal to me.
"You can do it! Hooray!"
proper ~~goat~~ ^shmeepers anatomy
And old version of the [Fresh Beer Only](https://sites.google.com/site/freshbeeronly/u-s-beer-list) site says Hennepin's shelf life is 3 years and the abbey ale's is 5 years. 

That site also says that they put bottled on and best by dates in black ink on the neck of their bottles. In my experience that can be easy to miss on brown bottles, but also can get distorted or worn off. But check again.
He's a sweet smiley buddy who wants to be frens!
I have no idea if it's true, just that I could see it being a thing. Firing someone when their life crashes would be the junior version of divorcing your wife at her hospital bedside when she's got cancer. Then again, this is NBC big business here and they fire people for seemingly BS reasons or no stated reason at all at SNL, so who knows if something like this would ever even be considered, but I'm just saying it's plausible. The only business case for keeping him would be if they still felt he was a developmental talent with more payoff in his future, current life struggles or not.
I think he can be funny when he's being more than a straight man or filler character. I think that's just subjective impression on your part. Some people think Leslie is great and others don't, for example. There isn't just a universal ruling. I think he's great as Lil Pump/Doodoo and as Chad. And some of his WU bits have been funny while others haven't been quite as good. One thing I've wondered is if his whole drug/rehab thing boiling over has meant they're giving him a bit of a break to work that stuff out and find stability rather than dump him right when all his shit fell apart. Maybe they're being supportive and will see how he can do once back up to snuff.
Totally. He's one of those guys that is just such a badass that it feels like he deserves to be on top, but after the GSP loss it was just downhill. He fought excellent competition though, so it's not like he was falling to scrubs. He was having wars and just not putting it together.
OH SHIT! I had mentally blocked that one out. My answer to this question was Faber's string of title shot losses, but this one is more acute. Nooooooo!

I have hated that booger-troll Gonzaga ever since and still feel sympathetic phantom pain in my ankle for Cro Cop. Ohhhh dreams died that day. It was like when Superman died. 
For me it was watching Urijah lose the title fight to Mike Brown. And then again. And then Aldo. And then Cruz. And then Barao. And then Barao again. And then Cruz again. Although at some point in there, and certainly by Cruz III, I had already gotten to the Weezer Point, wherein I knew he would never return to form, and that each subsequent attempt would only hurt me more. I stopped having expectations and went into the fights with sad resignation. 

I guess in my head he had just somehow become Champion for Life. It was just unthinkable for me to see Mike Brown beating him. Urijah is built out of 100% No Quit. Bottomless tank. So fast and agile. Fireworks. Excitement. Break your hands? Fight with your elbows. He's just got an excellent attitude in the ring and out and I loved him as champ. And I don't think it's that he declined, just that the game elevated.

Twice against Brown was just heartbreaking - nobody wanted Mike Brown as champ. And Aldo was not to be denied by anyone. But denial was exactly the theme for me in regard to Faber not being champ. My mind just would not accept it. We'd see him do great in non title fights against great fighters, get another shot, but just not have the answer to get it done. Over and over. Auuuugh, it hurt. 

I'll always be sentimental for Weezer Blue and pre-2008 Faberchamp, both preserved in amber. I wish they could go on forever as they were. Alas... alas... 
Perhaps he had 100 friends and they just make egg rolls super slow.
That's the spelunker award
https://youtu.be/4iCvy3475A8
She's a squisher!
I mean on a relative scale, who even gives a shit about fire and blood when the main story is languishing so much? It's about one hair's breadth better than a freaking wildcards novel. Nobody cares nobody cares nobody cares. This is such a bunch of wasted time. Write the damn book! How he can keep getting distracted by the side stuff and imagine that people want it is just beyond me. If it didn't put him years off his estimated dates, that would be one thing. To hell with this.
Ah. So they know that, at least at one point, it was a valid address scraped or harvested from somewhere instead of guessed, and they'll spam it until supernova because why not. 

I do still get stuff at my email address sometimes that involves guessing. I can't tell if they autogenerated and then guessed, or got a real address from somewhere and guessed based on the structure. Like let's say I'm Lisa Jones at ljones82@gmail.com, I'll get spam that says, "Linda, take advantage of the savings" or "Larry, you have won" or whatever. So they know that L Jones is an initial and last name, and they guess at the first name. Maybe every ljones email got the same thing, and maybe they autogenerated all the way up to ljones9999 to cover their bases, or maybe they got a list of real addresses that doesn't include, for example, ljones732, so no spam went to that address.
Interesting. I figured that at the volumes they sent out, they'd indeed prune stuff that never, for example, had that one hidden pixel call home, or never had unsubscribe, or never had link clicked or whatever. So they might autogenerate/autoguess, for example, lisajones1@gmail.com, lisajones2@gmail.com, lisajones3@gmail.com, etc. and if they'd never gotten any confirmation of any kind from lisajones2 after 20/50/100 spams or whatever, they'd auto-purge it from lists of presumably hundreds of millions or billions of combos and keep trying new ones. I guess I figured it did matter since the load of guessed combos would become infinite but maybe not. 
One thing you can do is go to beeradvocate.com, look in the styles section, and check the top rated beers in each style. Many of these are going to be impossible to get due to limited area, quantity, and period of distribution/sale. But what you can do is sort all of the beers in that style category by number of reviews (which often correlates with availability) and see which beer with many hundreds or thousands of reviews also has a relatively high average rating, as in 4 or higher. Those will be good ones to look at. They still might not be available in your region but you can check with your local geek shop or booze warehouse and see if they carry it.
**What is the current wisdom on unsubscribe. Can we trust Google?**

In recent years when I mark things as spam, Gmail has been offering to unsubscribe me from them. But the spam wisdom since the early days of popular email is to never click to unsubscribe from something you never subscribed to in the first place, because it just confirms to the spammer that you're a valid and active email address and now you'll never get out and will get more spam from who they sell/share their lists to. 

So you wouldn't think Google would offer to do that because they understand how that works. But I think they are also under pressure from vendors who get marked as spam, but are legit companies, to keep from getting auto-banished to Gmail spam hell by the service's filters. So unless there's something different happening behind the scenes that I don't understand, it seems like Google is encouraging me to do something dumb that's just going to get me more spam.

**tldr:** Is Gmail's prompted unsubscribe function safe and effective to use or is it as dumb as ever and Gmail isn't really thinking about us when they suggest we do that?
Well, it's probably one of their two most famous songs along with How Soon Is Now. It's one of the few songs that even non-Smiths fans may have heard. Most Smiths fans have probably played it so many times over the years that they don't even listen to it much anymore, yet would totally belt it out and sway and swoon and be nearly overcome if Morrissey played it in concert, reliving the emotion they felt when they first got into it years ago. 

So this question is sort of like, "Hey how about that whole World War II thing - have you heard about this? What are your thoughts on it?" 

I mean, it's an absolutely iconic song, with such powerful, sweeping, fierce, urgent emotion that captures a nearly apocalyptic us-against-the-world sentiment, yet somehow with humor embedded in it. It's a pinnacle showcase of Morrissey's style as a lyricist and vocalist and is musically gorgeous. 
Maybe it was supposed to read "no one"
I remember seeing so many shattered iPhone glass panels back then and I always wondered what the point was. It seemed like a stupid material choice. It still seems stupid. The only things that ought to be glass are things that need to be glass. 
This is where Weezer's Pinkerton album cover photo was taken.
Who do these shits think is obligated to date and fuck them? Are certain women supposed to be assigned this as a duty? Some kind of national service?
Yeah they should be using gas chromatographs and shit. None of this *perception* nonsense. Can't they afford robots at Paste? BOOOO PASTE.
Zombie Dust makes a good case for why it would be handy to have a slider on BA reviews so you could see what people are saying about a given beer more recently. So many of the top rated things have long tails and they stay pretty high even after they've been left behind by newer things. It's all those banked reviews, like you say. And since fewer people are drinking those older beers these days, there isn't as much to level those average reviews out. I've never had Zombie Dust but your description makes it sound like so many others that were yuge once yet faded out of the spotlight as the field caught up.
Subconsciously assuming that your life is a script that will play out and that you are in the audience watching it rather than the actor on the screen, doing it. If you don't do something there will be no movie. Don't wait, act. Make something of your life, with emphasis on the word make. 

If you don't know what to do and feel like it would just be a random waste to pick something and start doing it, you are wrong. Do something even if you know it is not the the thing.

Movement causes you to bump into things, and that's how you know whether you like them, want them, and are good at them. It causes you to bump into people you would not have met and make connections you would not have made. And it causes you to move to a different place, figuratively. When you move to a different place, you get a different perspective. So what you want is movement. 

If you don't know which way to go, just pick one. Any direction is better than no direction. You can always change directions. But do something. Fix your eyes at a point on the horizon and start moving actively towards it. Don't stand still staring 360 at the horizon around you and wondering which direction is the right way to go, imagining that the answer will come to you if you just think about it long enough. You will figure it out on the way. You'll figure it out so much faster if you move.
I guess I just don't notice drumming unless it's a very distinctive style throughout the song like in [50 Ways to Leave Your Lover by Paul Simon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABXtWqmArUU) or that sticks out on its own in part of a song like the intro to [Take Me With You by Prince](https://youtu.be/Tq0sbi2xAGE?t=41) or that introduces itself with more focus on itself before all the other stuff comes along and pushes it into the background (for me), like in [Maps by Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
](https://youtu.be/oIIxlgcuQRU?t=31)

Otherwise I think I just don't have the ear to really notice whether one drummer is better than the next. It just seems like they're doing what they're supposed to. So they're pretty interchangeable for me in almost every case. 
Me haz back to school jeans
perhaps she's a drummer
I love the song so I'm happy but surprised. I'd have thought a fan forum would choose Last Night, I Started, or Stop Me as #1.
Absolutely nobody here could possibly have any idea of knowing what's wrong. Talk to your friend.
I'm not in favor of it
Man you knew nothing was on tv back in the day if you were watching Benson.
These thumbnail photos from the twitter account of a person tweeting about whoever is in the headline always throw me off because I think that's the person being talked about. I was like "Well that guy doesn't look tough at all. Must've been a kicker."
This video clip is gold! Gold, Jerry!

Ohh, I'm saving this one. I can use this for the rest of my internet life.Oohhh thank you!
I was always so focused on Morrissey that the music was in the background for me even though I liked it, but This Charming Man certainly sticks out as iconic. 

I also love the rough and raw and driving guitar in London. It seems very different from most of their stuff. Such atmosphere it establishes. The guitar in Handsome Devil certainly creates a very specific moody atmosphere too.

How Soon Is Now is of course in an iconic class of its own and has several different ones in the same song. 

I don't know if I'm using "riff" as specifically as you're asking. I'm just meaning loosely "recognizably distinct guitar sounds"
Sure, Drake was an actor, but it has applied to other hosts who weren't actors and wound up being surprises, as we agree in re Garth. I didn't actually know Drake had been an actor when I first saw him, so I was so surprised and impressed that it stuck with me. But Taylor Swift is another example. She was a musician but I thought did so well on SNL that it changed my impression of her (I hadn't paid much attention to her as a pop star before that). She really went for it and had fun with it even in sketches that themselves didn't necessarily hit. And even some actors are surprising duds as hosts. So some people are just naturals on it, actors or not, and I really enjoy getting a whole new impression of someone by seeing them in that different setting. It's fun to like somebody!
Or that you're lying about me lying about them lying! Fuck, it's an inescapable Mobius pretzel. 
Absolutely they do. Not all of them of course, and I have no idea of the percentage, surely a minority, only that it is not at all uncommon. It was common even before the internet, both jokingly and in all seriousness, but in those days age was not mentioned as much since it was always considered impolite to speak about a woman's age, whereas on a dating profile it's there front and center every time, so the statistical sample of observable lying goes way up. 

When I used to do match.com, it was blatant and common. You don't necessarily know someone's age just by looking, and some people have better genes and regimens than others, and maybe you couldn't tell the difference in a few years, but you can tell the difference in ten for sure, and there's a hazy gradient along that spectrum where doubt increases. 

I always so appreciated and respected it when women listed an age that was plausible for their appearance even when it was getting into that age zone where guys start to pass them over and look lower down the age scale. But the ones who were clearly ten years older than whatever they listed, it's like, who do you seriously think you're kidding? 

I can actually understand why they do it - a combo of ticking biological clocks, common perceptions of realistic traditional family timeline paths, social pressure, different standards of beauty and eligibility between men and women as relationship prospects as the years go by, and the unique nature of using age as a search function on dating sites. Women past a certain age can get left out of a lot of search results when they might otherwise be just what a man didn't know he was looking for. Meanwhile you often see desired age ranges in younger women's profiles that go a lot older than their own. There's just a misalignment there that I think can place a hard limit on some women's prospects on dating sites, so they do what they have to do to level those odds out a bit and counteract a distortion and give themselves a chance. 

The egregious ones always read as so disingenuous to me though and were instant disqualifiers. If you're going to lie to me so blatantly before we've even met, what else are you lying about in your profile? What will you lie about in person? I don't like being manipulated. I presented myself genuinely in my profiles and I want someone who presents themselves as genuinely who they are and are confident in it. The other way feels desperate and dishonest and I don't want it even if I understand it.

It's another manifestation of a phenomenon we see in the workplace as both older women and men get passed over for jobs because they're seen as on the downhill and not worth investing in due to a perception of limited shelf life. So one's age becomes an albatross and a curse when one still has plenty to offer.
There's too much caffeine in your bloodstream. And a lack of real spice in your life. 
And if she is 35 she says she is 25. And if she is 45 she says she is 32. They call that the "match.com."
Well that's now officially my second favorite SNL devil sketch! Right behind Jon Lovitz's People's Court devil sketch.

Garth Brooks really was a pretty good actor in these sketches. They can take any celebrity and put the cue cards up in front of them. Charles Barkley cough cough. But sometimes you get someone like a Drake who just excels. I think Garth was one of those.
But you'd get a great episode of Mango!
dunes of the
Bye bye Taco Bell
I want everyone to try Cabot full fat Greek yogurt. It is the pinnacle Greek yogurt. It used to say 10% fat on the label but I guess that was a disincentive for some people so I think they removed it. But it is in the light blue and white big tub. It has such a wonderful tang to it. I can't eat any other yogurt now because they all seem so bland and sad. This thick creamy wonderful stuff is the bomb.
If you'd asked a year or two ago, I'd have said absolutely zero chance and that ship sailed so long ago that it has long since sunk way out at sea. It was even super tiresome that every interviewer seemed to ask it at some point and Morrissey would just seem so wearily exasperated that people would even ask after decades of him saying no, much less expect that it could be a possibility. But then one of their books talked about nearly working something out in like 2008, and then I feel like there was something abortive again fairly recently. I don't know, I still say never. The Eagles said that too but I suppose perspectives just change over the years, and of course the money always looms, maybe looming larger than pride or disinterest or ennui at some point.
I did not expect either of these to be in the finals. I love Coma but I feel like a lot of fans write it off as lightweight compared to the rest of the catalog. So I figured it wouldn't make it halfway, but am pleased to see it here. And I really like Rush but didn't expect it to do well at all because I guess I've just never heard fans really say much about it unlike these others. I expected it to be one of the earlier exits, like maybe second or third exit. I love I Won't Share You and was surprised at that one's early exit. Still, I think it's a mostly level album, which, after a couple or three, becomes a difficult vote each time.
It's so sad to see him regurgitating the same garbage buzzwords as the_Donald and Fox News and right wing radio. You just imagine him sitting there on the internet drinking that kind of goof juice and buying into it. He's gone and he's not coming back.
Why does a millionaire, who has done lots of successful TV, slum it on radio? Seems like a downgrade.
Hello, as it turns out there were a few decades prior to this one
There are some bad people on the right. Bad bad people on the right.
There are some bad people on the right. Bad bad people on the right.
Small comforts I guess
Your veins are nearly clogged shut. Probably. Or AIDS.
The problem here is that craft has two meanings, one formal and rigid, one casual and variable.

The BA codified the term "craft" to have three very specific criteria. So it's not hard to check a brewery against those and know if it is craft or not by their definition. That's just something an industry group of the little guys in beer did to help define who they were and who they weren't and therefore on whose behalf the organization was working, and who could be a member, etc. That's some technical/biz stuff that doesn't apply to most of us drinkers directly.

But you and your buddies likely have your own understanding of the word and it is a casual one. The next group of buddies may have a somewhat different one. Basically it amounts to "not budweiser and that stuff". It means all the interesting and fuller flavored beers in lots of non-yellow-lager styles that don't come from the big factory macro breweries. It's the difference between two eras of beer. In the old days there was no craft in the USA, just the mono-lager wars. These days craft is everywhere. But there was a transition period (which may still exist in some peripheral places), where some bars had craft and some didn't. If your buddy suggested going to a new bar, you'd ask him, "Do they have craft?" Because you didn't want to waste your time on a place with the usual Bud, Coors, Heineken, etc., with maybe a token nod via Sam Adams lager. You wanted new and good and interesting beers. You and your friends knew what this meant. Maybe yours included things like Shock Top and Blue Moon and Leinenkugel and maybe the next group's didn't. 

So this casual use of the term isn't about specific ownership percentages, flagship style choices, or annual production limits like the industry association's term is. 

To me, Goose Island and Ballast Point etc. are still craft beer in the casual sense, but not in the technical sense. They are owned by big guys now and so aren't independent, but Sculpin is not High Life, and there is no bourbon barrel aged Bud stout. Maybe somebody boycotts these bought-out craft breweries on principle due to their ownership or maybe not. There has been blurring from both sides, but we're still looking at two different categories of beer here, whatever you think about the other issues involved. For me the operative definition is the one about what kind of beer it is, not whether it technically qualifies for an industry group's definition.
We've lost our boy.

 More of a long slow fade though really.
https://www.snopes.com/news/2017/09/05/were-nazis-socialists/
Here you go. It's nonsense.

https://www.snopes.com/news/2017/09/05/were-nazis-socialists/
Ruling left-wing political class? You must be from somewhere other than America, where the White House, Congress, and the Supreme Court are all right-wing now And Fox News dominates the airwaves.
This is such garbage. Anyone can call anyone racist for any reason and it can indeed be a stupid placeholder that dilutes actual callings out of racism. People do use it as a crutch sometimes. 

But the idea that it is never appropriate to call someone racist and that it is never accurate and that it is always actually indirect praise of what the person is saying is straight garbage. 

There is racism and there are racists and since they are reviled, none of them want to be called that, but murderers probably don't want to be called murderers either. Nor rapists rapists. Yet they all exist. And you can call them out when you see them. 

Morrissey's quote would suggest that there's no such thing as racists or racism. That's just flat wrong. If some people abuse the ability to call someone racist that doesn't invalidate all the times it is used accurately. He sounds as enlightened as the stupid teenagers and warped fringers who hang out over at the_Donald, because he is literally regurgitating their material, and that is pathetic.
This is the real problem. Trump is not the problem, he's just a symptom. A symptom of a diseased culture. You have to have departed reality a substantial time ago to ever even imagine voting for this garbagemouth cartoon clown child. 

This is how you know we are fucked even if we impeach arrest and imprison him. This is the most absurd clown that anyone could ever imagine as being a candidate for president and he got 63 million votes. That is not just pathetic or absurd it is beyond alarming. We are fucked. 

This culture did not originate from nowhere and it will not leave after he is gone. We are fucked. These people have departed reality and they are not coming back. We are fucked. You are living in the last good period of the United States. Crazy people can now elect a crazy president. We are doomed. Leave.
People call it Bucks for short, but it's Buckinghamshire, not Buckinghamshires. You say bants, but it's banter, not banters. So I guess there's a lot of that going around.
Man I used to love PMQ back in the John Major and Tony Blair days. I was always so impressed with how well they were able to respond substantively to the questions about anything and everything.

I miss and don't miss the:

"Numbah seven, Madam Speakah."

"I refuh my right honorable friend to the reply I gave some moments ago."
O...O...ORDER! ORDER!
Lower class British porn is hilarious. 
I think it has to do with the composure. Combine that empire era dominance with the general English restraint and formality and the refinement of the usual upper-class English bad guy, and you've got something very potent. When somebody is absolutely composed and refined and confident, that's when you know that motherfucker is not just dangerous, but casually and calmly dangerous. They're not scared of you at all, see you as a funny little plaything, and they have this certainty about them that they've got everything arranged, know your next three moves already and have a plan for them that will outflank you easily, and are most definitely going to win (until they lose in the end because America, fuck yeah!).

It's not that English people are seen as bad that makes them good villains, it's that they're seen as so composed. We're used to nasty bad guys who are emotional and volatile and up front in their signaling. And English bad guy is so composed that he can be very mild and polite and gentlemanly and doesn't need any of the blatantly scary posturing, which, ironically, is why they're so scary.
This is like when your six year old proactively lies to you so you won't go look and see what he did in the basement. DON'T LOOK IN THE BASEMENT BECAUSE NOTHING HAPPENED.
Too true! 

Back in the day, we'd consider the nuances of things like Bengali and Platforms and National Front Disco and we'd call them edge-skating and provocative but would leave room for the ambiguity of things like singing from a third person perspective about others' views, taking on tough issues that aren't polite to talk about, etc. 

But as he has aged and has gotten nastier and more blatantly and unabashedly xenophobic, it's hard to look back and not see that he did actually mean what he appeared to be saying, and was maybe just going as far as he could without getting busted for it, cleverly saying it without being able to be unquestionably pinned down for it. 

I guess it was just hard to imagine someone who was nontraditional in terms of sexuality and gender roles, vegan, sensitive, fiercely anti-Thatcherite, and otherwise seemingly progressive, as being this nasty guy when it comes to race and nationality. Kind of hard to argue it now though. The music is what it always was though, so that's frozen in amber. I stick with that and pay less attention to the man now. I have to - it hurts to see him be so different than I had always thought he was.
Seems like others have left before their contract was up. Seems like she could have worked it out with them if she wanted. I mean, maybe she hasn't wanted to. It just feels like past time for me, and I really like her.
Me too! Dailymotion to the rescue. Sometimes.
Keeping a guy at range... a missed spinning shit... a landed punch. Alrighty then. That's how it looks through these layman contact lenses.
I think despite all the political roles and whatnot, she's fading back a bit from her peak, but there may be some distortion there because for a number of years there she was absolutely out front and dominating. She's that talented in my opinion, and was carrying the show, so fading back a bit places her in a more normal and less egregious position. Though that's kind of a weird thing - you'd think she'd have just left the show rather than ease off the throttle. IMO she's more than ready to be gone and to do bigger things. It feels kind of like waste for her to be hanging around, like she's missing her launch window.
Why do they have this distinction between players anyway? I guess I've never paid attention to how much it aligns with screen time or whatnot. When you get promoted, what exactly changes? And why do some people spend so much more time in the lower bracket before promotion? What's the decisionmaker there?
I would think it's too little too late with Luke. Who knows the logic behind the staff changes since some don't seem to make sense from the outside, but I think he's lucky he's lasted as long as he has. 

The other model would be the grow-a-guy model, where his late appearances represent that he's moving more in the direction they want and will start appearing more. 

I still say his odds are clearly the worst in the whole cast after riding the bench so much.
Nice to hear from the college sophomores once in a while
Holy crap, there is something! Fun.
Yeah that may be the way to go. Now that I've found the setting, I'm going to try it. 
Spooky... spookyyyy...
Oooh that's a good one. Nice idea!
Hmm, I didn't realize that was a thing until your winky inspired me to search through settings. I like autoplay at all times other than when I've fallen asleep, but I'll give it a try. 
I want a Netflix contact lens that detects when I've fallen asleep on the couch and stops the autoplay in a series so I don't have to search back through episodes later to figure out where exactly I fell asleep.
And who seriously eats this much sugar at once? This is nuts. She gonna catch the diabeetus in an hour.
Firefox mobile blocks literally every site I try to visit, and I have to unblock it manually.
Yeah was just the absurd for me. And the dramatic acting.
I think their stuff is solid. I don't buy their stuff often, but if they put out something new, it's always worth a try at least once. 

I think they've been impressively nimble in their evolution, and they manage to stay relevant as things change so quickly. 

Their PR can come off poorly sometimes. 
Well I mean the Negan thing is just stupid. They should just slip over to his cell and kill him and be done with it. Rick and Michonne can just get over it.
I've never even seen Les Miserables, did not know that's what they were parodying, and it was still great.
I was skipping through these performances. Why did he need three microphones?
*Spending warm summer days indoors*  
*writing frightening verse*  
*to a bucktoothed girl in Luxembourg*

It's hard to get more Morrissey than that. He packs so much into his lyrics just by implication. And he's so funny!
A perfect crystallization of the classic conundrum of the young adult thrust out into the world with no idea yet how to get started.
Wonderful. Another of the many reasons there is only one Morrissey
That one guy is like "okay buddy, okay, it's all right, just chill."
Rape whistles are shaped more like big cocks
Easy there, Master Yoda
U.S. Web Belt
That reminds me of Fallon/Parnell's Bloater Brothers!
You are crazy! I think she's fantastic.

But it's like you say, everybody likes different humor.

Look at Leslie for example. Love/hate.
For me, Tim Meadows was a lingering featureless background player until The Ladies Man. Then he was a lot of fun.
I loved Jan Hooks as the Sunday school teacher who was also a contestant on that gameshow with him.
Ahh the ol' sweatpants n' blazer combo. A classic.
Closest I've found:

> Guitarist and co-songwriter Johnny Marr recalled to Uncut magazine February 2008: "With 'Barbarism Begins At Home,' a lot's been made of the funky aspect of the bassline, but that track harks back to what I was doing with Andy (Rourke) before The Smiths. I guess it came out of this love of retro kind of James Brown records, and things like Rip Rig & Panic and The Pop Group. That period of anemic, underfed white funk. It's me and Andy being townies in Manchester, liking a bit of the American No-Wave thing. James Chance, I guess."

> The basis of this song lay in a riff that bassist Andy Rourke had in his head. He told Mojo magazine: "It is the song – I would say it's 80 to 90 percent bassline. I'm into my funk and this was the closest I could get away with. We used to jam along to it for hours and hours, even pre-Smiths. I was into Stanley Clarke, James Jamerson and, I'm almost embarrassed to say it, Mark King from Level 42. I think doing more in that style would have been a terrible idea, though. People would probably have assassinated us."

http://www.songfacts.com/detail.php?id=10106
I've never hear Zuckerberg laugh. Was Moffat's laugh just a made up thing for the bit or was he mocking something we've seen?
Yeah it totally eats that battery. I can't see getting a whole other phone just to play this game though. I guess I could buy something used and not hook it up to my cell plan. 
Oof, well this is pretty hot. Looks like I'll be replacing again if I keep playing. 
Yeah, that was the point of my comment and question. That was the only version of that sandwich I ever encountered in Whiteland, so I wanted to know what other versions of the sandwich were floating around out there in Nonwhiteburg.
Oh, west coast. Hadn't thought of that either.
Durrrr, repeats. That has to be what he meant.
And that's what I was saying. That's the standard bologna sandwich as far as I ever saw unless you added cheese, or sometimes mustard too. I've never heard of cayenne pepper on a bologna sandwich or really any sandwich now that I think of it. And I don't think I ever saw lettuce and tomato on a bologna sandwich. Ham yes, turkey sure, club of course. Just not bologna. It was kind of a kid's simple quick junk snack sandwich.
Wait, bologna sandwiches come in some other variety? Do you put hot sauce even on those?
Excellent, thanks.
Hold on, we showed those fuckers in Grenada what's up.
I've been known to lick a bit of carpet myself.
Under the dirty dishes in the sink. Nobody wants to be the person to deal with the dishes.
I think it's nice that Stone hired that homeless drifter as its spokesman. It says something about their commitment to bettering their community.
All I know is [juicy gotcha krazy.](https://youtu.be/5a8Zu8I8yT0?t=31)
I mean, what a fucking piece of shit human. Just trash. I hope he fucks up again and goes away forever to be with himself, which has to be terrible company.
He's putting in quality time with a writer, tryna get dat part! We should wish him luck.
Such a winner, that one. Realistically it's a pretty level album. You get a song or two out and all subsequent votes are painful. 
maybe a little trapeze that hangs down over it that you can grab onto
Claire is a wight and she severs Joe's snout
*And if a bubble pecker Gus  
Wills his troth and thus  
Can pry wide your thighs  
It's such a pleasantly gay joyride*

Wait I might be misremembering the lyrics
They could have said no  
if they wanted to...
Yeah it's honestly not worth it off road unless it's a smooth field or something. It's really fast but it's more trouble than it's worth given the variable terrain. I'll take a buggy over that any day.
I don't think you understand. It didn't move the screws at all. Stick screw head in, twist, soft ~~middle~~ ^metal of screw head sloughs away until you're left with just a spike. No screw movement. Useless. A regular one from the store worked just fine.
It's also the key to YouTube success
And I mean, who even pays attention to them? I like attractive women but I'm there for the game. I don't need to be led in cheers, and my eyes are on the field or the scoreboard or my beer or my friends or other fans. I feel like cheerleaders at every level feel like people are like "all right, cheerleaders!" but I feel like most people don't care at all and don't pay attention to them. I feel like nobody would notice if they just didn't show up.
Boooo! Then I'm not going to rob any banks after all. This sucks.
US depends on locality. I once moved to a small town after living in the big city and suburbs and went to the grocery store at like 10pm and walked up to the door and the doors didn't auto open and I was confused, and then I realized the lights were kind of low in there and I couldn't see anyone in there. "Cl... closed? But I need stuff! Where am I supposed to get my stuff?!" I just wasn't used to grocery stores that ever closed. And restaurants were also closed on Mondays. So it varies.
And every day since then, all those people get up and think, "man, that guy sure was awkward and weird!"
Lots of sex and crazy parties in college. That was a fantastic age. Finally off the apron strings, and with my sea legs under me after the transition from high school, I went on a mad tear of hookups and it was just great. It was like a rose finally bloomed and fireworks shot out of it. And also semen.
Copy other people who are being original
Regularly?
Abrupt, but better. 
Last Night has always been a skipper for me. What an unpleasant initial two minutes. It's like they wanted to chase everybody away. If they'd started it at 2:12, maybe I wouldn't have skipped it all those years. I probably still would have, because it's still not the mood or tone I want, but it would be so much better without all that mess up front. 
I never liked it. It was always a skipper for me on that CD. Over the years it has grown on me a bit but still doesn't rank with any of their greats and goods for me. It's never something I'm in the mood for like so many of their others that get in my head and grab me and won't let go. It's never something I want to hear in terms of mood, tone, or speed. I think it's more arty than songy, and I didn't formerly appreciate the artiness of it. Technically every song is art, but this one feels more like a crafted piece of art than a song. And as it builds, it gets discordant and loud and busy and droning for me. That's not pleasant for me and places a weird mood on the room.
"I lose fight because my vajine throbbing too much and distract me. I can no concentrate because I am think of the sex with clammy fat UFC fan."
Abraham Lincoln working a clown gig at a child's birthday party, inappropriately unshirted.
On the subway into work on Saturday 
He looked great and moved great... and yet WTF. confuseddogface.jpg
Yeah he seems like a fun and versatile guy who would be game for whatever, but this episode was garbage. Like some of those skits were painful. What a shame. A wasted opportunity indeed. 
I kept waiting for the punchline on the outfit. Nnnnope. Wasn't a joke after all.
Boooo. Terrible. Just awful.
This was painfully bad. This plus the fireman sketch was like getting popped in the nuts a couple times. I was just left drained and a bit ill. Boooooo. They had all week and that's what made the cut? Bad. 
Her lead single Bodak Yellow is pretty badass right out of the gate. I'm kind of out of the loop these days but that one grabbed me just because of her delivery. Red Barz is also pretty good. 
I thought the sound was unfortunate too. I think she's really good but she sounded faint. 
Also it seemed like they only went to commercial for just a blip before it. I was fast forwarding through the second half of Cardi's first but I saw it end, then went to skip the commercial package and had to back up because I over-fast-forwarded. Weird.
I didn't understand the premise. R. Kelly showing up instead of a princess, fine. But why? And why the food references? And the Mulan tie-in didn't make sense. This just seemed like another tired Loud Leslie vehicle.
It's a great character and well done but I think it has run its course and can't keep coming back to apply the same shtick to the issues du jour. The kids. Your sister's. Ground thoroughly covered. New character plz.
Why does every ufc person in the audience chew gum? 
Buffer's coast is fucking rad.
Christ somebody get Rose a neti pot. She got booger problemz.
Just read read read read read until your reader breaks
I wonder why anything in nature wants to be a square/cube.
Christ get a video editor! A minute of milling around.
I think they are all the same battery. We had one guy here get one from an ebay supplier that lots of us used and his was some kind of dud but the rest of us were fine. If you buy, don't waste money on the $30 on that comes with the kit of mini tools. The main thing you need from it is the torx screwdriver and the mini one in that kit is such a piece of shit, its metal is so soft, that the tight screws squish the metal and render it useless. Normally screwdrivers strip screw heads, but this is the first time I've ever seen the opposite. Go buy a real one - they're cheap. Seems to be the reset of the kit can be improvised from stuff around the house. 
Stone Roses were a thing amongst the "college radio" and nascent alternative set in the US. They weren't my thing but a lot of people had that debut album. 

Inspiral Carpets is one I can think of. They weren't exactly a top band in the UK but charted regularly for years, while only a few blips in US charts. 
I remember hearing that he was huge in the UK and was going to be a thing here but it just never happened. Then I heard a song of his playing years later as background music in a Walmart and that's literally the only time I heard it in the wild.
That was one of those bands who'd show up with a song on some alternative compilation, like MTV's 120 Minutes or something. I think they had one song that was popular in the alternative scene in that way. 
I've read various explanations, but to me they always sound apocryphal and basically like an answer in search of a question. It winds up sounding more like some incidental association as they self reflect on their culture. From what I've read, there was just a radio station in L.A. that played them doggedly, stubbornly, regularly, when most stations wouldn't and didn't. And L.A. has tons of Latinos. And they latched onto it like a lot of gringos outside the mainstream. And from there it spread south of the border. To be clear, they and Morrissey had/have fans all over the world, including Central and South America, but when people in the U.S. hear about Latino love for Morrissey, they're hearing about it due to the L.A. thing.
I'm one of those guys who would never do something like this for fear of screwing it up, but I did it and it worked fine and I'm so glad I did it. 
I had goat milk ice cream once and it tasted like a sweater!
Shouldn't have built on that old Indian burial ground...
Bye bye, black friend.
Jost is so buttoned-down and low-key in his delivery, which is why I love the rare times [we get to see him in character like this!](https://imgur.com/kJBw2Dc)

My favorite line in this song is "We... used to be starfish!"
Ha ha! Good point!
In campaigns, sure, and in getting your people appointed to things on the inside of agencies, and hiring ex-government people to your company to get access, I just didn't know that government agencies raised private dollars outside their budgets. That sounds like a Bad Idea.
A safer, more insulated route might be r/beertradevalue. If it were to get nixed, eh, well it was worth a try.
So uhh, are we not skating the edge with this? Are we putting this sub at risk? Is this a gamble or do you guys have any admin guidance on this in terms of their interpretation of it? I mean, I get the approach, but am wondering if it is viewed the same on the other side of the screen. 
I guess I'm just surprised to learn that government agencies raise private funding for research projects. I thought it was the other way around - government agencies issued grants to private entities to conduct research. 
I think underrated is a problematic concept due to subjectivity - - every song is somebody's favorite and there's no logic to it, just preference. But I would say that some non-album tracks are not as popular as I'm sure they would be had they been on an album. Take Jeane for example. That's a gem of a song. Just great right out of the gate when they were getting started, both musically, lyrically, and in the contrast between those two things. Total Smiths geeks know it well, but lots of people who otherwise like the Smiths will never have even heard of it. I wouldn't say I Keep Mine Hidden is one of their greats, but it's a nice, light one that's worthy of a listen.

Also, with both Smiths and Moz, if you didn't buy a given compilation because you already had most of the songs from other albums, you may have missed a few stragglers that only appeared on those compilations. Handsome Devil is one of those. I missed it for a long time but it later became one of my favorites. Fierce! 

Aside from that, in regard to album tracks, I think it's just down to differing opinions. We've all heard the songs a lot and we think whatever we think, regardless of what the herd thinks. For example I love Frankly Mr Shankly but so much of the fanbase thinks it's an unworthy throwaway. So it's not that it's underrated, it's just that I like it and they don't. I rate it high, they rate it low. 
I never pay attention to that and just say whatever I want to say. I so often get comments even days later. Lots of people sort by new or read the whole thread and if your comment is of interest to them, you'll get a response. And OP will hear you. If your goal is votes, that's a different story. If your goal is just to chip in, go ahead and chip in. You don't have to be one of the top comments.
They [pulled out of a bunch of markets](https://www.brewbound.com/news/green-flash-pulls-distribution-33-states-eliminates-15-percent-workforce) in January, trying to refocus on more concentrated growth. That may have been when yours dried up, depending on what state you are in. 
Yeah it's easy enough to just not post identifying stuff, or at least not more identifying than you're comfortable with. If someone knows you're from Nebraska and that you like motorcycles and soccer and once dated a redhead and went to Mexico once, who cares. You don't need to divulge your occupation, employer, school, facial scars, whatnot...
What's bizarre is when it's really highly upvoted. It's a useless, pointless, stupid comment. Who cares if another guy was coming here to say this, yet... 3000 net upvotes? WTF? I downvote those people every time.
What an interesting sketch. Like, the structure of it. It has no point. There's no setup and payoff, no context, no relevance to anything. Moynihan is obviously just an silly throwaway element added for absurdity, and we get a shadow of some kind of backstory on Keaton, at least hazy and indistinct character type, but WTF is Portia?! I love that somebody just thought this up. I love that their brain can move in this dimension.
That sycophantic slag.
I agree with those saying don't start with beer. I mean, you can, but the odds of enjoying a first mixed drink are higher than the odds of enjoying a first beer. Beers are different flavors than you're used to, while a well made starter cocktail are flavors you're familiar with, only with some alcohol hiding in there. Do you like orange juice? Screwdriver. Do you like Coke? Rum and Coke. Do you like Ginger ale? Bourbon and ginger. Speaking of ginger ale or ginger beer, the Moscow Mule is a nice and tasty cocktail. It's ginger beer with vodka and lime juice. Or use dark rum instead and it's a dark & stormy. You can do fun fruity frozen drinks in your blender like daiquiris and pina coladas. 

The #1 goal will be to enjoy it, and with cocktails you can pull back on the liquor until you don't really notice it much. You might try making one half strength for example. Because straight liquor isn't most people's immediate favorite taste. Vodka is nasty if you ask me, but it hides itself well in cockails. Bourbon took years of getting used to for me, but in something like Coke, it's not bad. 

And if you don't want to fiddle with cocktails right off the bat, I agree with those saying go for something like a hard lemonade, hard seltzer, etc. Those don't really taste like alcohol, just fun pops. They're not for everyone but they're great as a gentle starter. A couple of those and you ought to feel a bit loose. 

There's always wine too. A bottle of $9 Chardonnay from the grocery store ought to do it. Sometimes you'll find pre-made sangria too, which is wine with fruit juices and fruit. Or make your own - a wine spritzer, using wine, club soda, and a twist of citrus. Light bubbly fun.

Have fun and take it easy. Lots of these things are acquired tastes, so if it doesn't click right off the bat, try something else and ease back on the strength.
HAHA! Nice. I was like, "But... why?"
Honestly... I had Whittaker in there for a little while too. 
Once again I am reminded that Ferguson and Holloway are not the same guy. I keep squeezing them together in my head vaguely.
Is it advisable to wear a jockstrap if you're on the praise team? 

To what degree are performance enhancing drugs a problem on praise teams?

Let's say you made the praise team but we're third string and literally never got to play. Would it still be worth it to you? I mean, going to all the practices and stuff but literally never getting to play? 


This is like when you get Indian tech support and the guy is like "hello my name is Vincent." And you're like "nooo it's not."
That's clearly what it's based off of.
I never saw that show and didn't even know she had been on it until after she died. I'd have watched if I had known!
It's impossible to pick a favorite for her, but an overall great sketch she was in was [Vonda Braithwaite v. The Devil on The People's Court.](http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/the-peoples-court/n9487?snl=1)  "Vonda, honey, I'm gon' smack you. You've got to hush." She did southern characters so wonderfully. 

Here's a retrospective tribute page on her

https://www.poptechmotive.com/jan-hooks-tribute.html
I don't think Kate is overrated, just overexposed. She was so talented that she was out front so much for a while there that it just became too much and I got some Kate fatigue. She has kind of pulled back some in my observation.
Jan Hooks was an absolute champ. I saw her on Tush back before she was on SNL. She was always great. So versatile and just sunk into her characters.

Molly Shannon was a lot of fun.

Tina Fey goes without saying.

Maya Rudolph is on my all-star list, as is Kristen Wiig.

Vanessa Bayer goes on my Wonderful Weirdo list, my favorite kind of player, alongside savant freaks such as Chris Kattan, Fred Armisen, Kyle Mooney, and kind of Kristen Wiig, who was sort of a hybrid. 

Cecily Strong and Kate McKinnon are also workhorse powerhouse all-stars.
Yeah, great hair though!
Someone should vandalize the note with quotation marks around the IS just to turn this whole thing into a pretzel.
"How can we make this more difficult for everyone involved...?"
Plasma blast from wrist unit.
I had forgotten about artists for free range chickens! Tom Petty and Bob Dylan characters were in that one. That's the only other one I ever saw. I'll have to try to find these other ones.
Wait, didn't kix always suck? Wasn't that the fake good cereal that health-food moms would buy to trick their kids into thinking they were getting junk food cereal? I feel like I remember it was like eating unflavored Styrofoam.
That definitely changed. Back in the old days Pizza Hut pan pizza was the luxury pizza at least in the non-ancestral-home pizza zones of the country. People don't believe me now because the crust is like fried sponge. Back in the day it was a sumptuous golden toasted thick quilt of yummy crust bread. You had to use two hands to hold a piece. These days you only need one because it is a stiff sponge.
Sunny D has been garbage since it came out. I don't know what the fuck that shit is but it is punishment juice.
My problem lately with herbal teas is every fucking one of them seems to have licorice in it. What are you doing this, tea people?!
They taste like sweet metallic tennis shoe outsoles now.
Smells like dog food and shoes
Not just frozen foam, but *gummy* frozen foam. Mmmmm, the feel of fake!
I hated the wedge! So many people complained about it too, I bet that's why they changed it. I would see people get in arguments with the guy about cutting the bread that way.
Yeah, his Presbyterian ass was lucky to marry into this wealthy Jewish family, him and his half Asian daughter from that little mistake in Hong Kong.
Found Moffat
Last I heard, it was running amok in Kent.
That guy only siphons off of top level comments. He's not going to go slumming down here at #6.
Man, I certainly didn't see that one coming.
You got yourself a country song there, buddy.
I love the stylized way they've done the hair.
He protecc from da beach
If you like that idea, be aware that Beeradvocate's style names and categories aren't universal. Also check out [Ratebeer's](https://www.ratebeer.com/beerstyles), [the BA's](https://www.brewersassociation.org/resources/brewers-association-beer-style-guidelines/), and [BJCP's](https://www.bjcp.org/stylecenter.php). I'll assume Untappd has its own too. Maybe one of these appeals more than the others. 
I'm not sure if I know what you're after, but maybe this will help:

https://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/style/

So you'd first classify something as a lager, an ale, or an other (???). Then you'd classify by style, with maybe the interim step of style family. So for example instead of just Ale > Milk Stout, you'd go Ale > Stout > Milk Stout. And you could factor in region of origin like BA does (Belgian, Czech, English, etc.). 
I never actually saw this one until now, but while looking for some old Nat X, I found a fun all-stars sketch of recurring characters that's worth it mostly just to see them all together. 

We've got Nat X, Stuart Smalley, Pat, Queen Shanequa, Wayne, Franz, Frankenstein, Da Superfans, Jan Brady, Cajun Man, Richmeister, and snarky WU Hollywood Minute Spade.
Every hip hop show. Guys shouting, out of breath, mouth smothered directly onto the mic, stalking back and forth. Ugh. 
But I like it with fish. It's just cooked fish I don't like. 
It's a documentary. These things literally happened, and are happening right now. Time to bail out of this one.
It's literally in the movie. You quit it.
Sank you, Werner.
I'm so not a fish guy. Always hated it growing up. I don't like to smell it cooking, I don't want it stinking up my house, and if I order it once every five years in a restaurant, it's only because I feel like I'm supposed to try and be healthy. But I loves me some sushi. I'm not sure why that is. 
Since I have work to do, am already up way too late, and have a couple hours of work yet before I can sleep, this is an excellent time to go watch some rando's Netflix recommendation. Thanks, internet rando!
Interesting movie, however it makes it pretty clear that becoming a sushi chef is a brutal, incredibly slow, and soul-sucking experience. Getting berated for years just washing rice. Kill me!
You don't need to say a lot about it, just get it out there and hint heavily that your ideal man will be prepared to finance your travels. Don't use the word finance or anything like it, however. Use a euphemism that simply implies that a real man will be equipped to do this. 

But that's not what's going to hook them. What will hook them is your stated and demonstrated ability to be just as comfortable in heels and a little black dress out on the down as in a sports jersey at the sports bar. This level of skill and flexibility will signify to your mate that you possess the life skills to dress yourself, and to pretend to care about his hobbies and interests for the first year-ish of the relationship before bringing down the hammer and Yoko-ing all of his friends away.
BOOOOOOOO!
And they all lived happily ever after.
We are all Bruce today, my friend. In fact, we shall stay that way until all of the female Bruces are freed from their mustachioed chains.
That was the question I was going to ask here. I'm somewhat out of touch from the latest stuff these days so I was wondering if he had that kind of visibility, profile, or looming big movie or something. I was also surprised at the pop he got when he was on WU, because I had to google him when people here said that's who he was.
Well, kind of moot at this point. May they each find their bee people field.
I've never seen or heard of a CamrYn. That must be one of these newfangled things like the pokeymans and the face shrapnel and earlobe hoops. Back in my day it was Cameron.
If it were the produce section, I mean, I think we can agree all bets are off. But not the *pharmacy* for crying out loud. 
[The best and most satisfying thing ever said about Dr. Phil was said by Dr. Phil!](https://youtu.be/gTix7FDHZcA?t=48)
Guys. No arguments.
He needs to hand that one back in and start over. 
*Swagger down pat  
Call my shit Patricia*
Sasha is so hard to take seriously as a man's name. Feels totally girly. Unless Russkies are involved. But really still then too.
That one is definitely for the ladies. Guys, if you are a Shannon, just knock it off already.
Dudes own that one, period. Ladies, get out. It ain't your'n.
Does he have a dandruffy mustache? I'm going to assume he does. It's no good. It's no good.
That's because them thievin' women stole it! That was ours, it was ours I tell you. But they had to push it. Look, they can keep it if they want, but they have to give us something in trade, and I want Hunter back. 
[Kelly was the coolest guy on the Bad News Bears!](https://deadspin.com/5825993/kelly-leak-the-coolest-kid-who-ever-lived)
"Some call me... Tim."
Logans are all lumberjacks. They cut logs and make cabins out of them. There should not be any girl logans.
Ashley is a beautiful, artful, tender name and should only be for females. Stacies will all work at CVS so it doesn't matter that much, but yeah, no more guy Stacies.
We need to have a draft like Dave Chappelle did with the races because this Cameron thing is out of hand. And realistically nobody ought to be named Cameron. That's an awful name. It sounds technical and lifeless, like a camera. It's not masculine enough for a boy name, so the girls need to give Hunter back because I mean come on. They can keep Cameron, though they won't score many points with it.
Seriously. That's a terrible name for a woman. Except for Bruce Lee, Bruces have 1980s mustaches and thick pelts of chest hair, all of them. That's like naming your little girl Larry. She has to be a plumber now and I think it's awful that your parents limited her career choices like that.
The stronger farter would win the first round. And then they could pass it back and forth forever.
It's only a model
"He don't mean it when he chops me down. He loves me I know it."
I suppose I could pull something in my neck.
Time to rebrand. You guys should hire who comes up with new brand names for pharmaceuticals and get them to make one for you to replace the world library.
Wow, I'm glad I asked too. I had no idea. I'm not a video game guy but if I were that would be excellent to be able to play so many and not have to buy. And stuff like cooking implements and tools and sewing things and gardening stuff never even would have occurred to me. 3D Printer either. It really makes it feel more like a community resource center rather than "the books place".
I, the average internet user, have not set foot in a library in 20+ years. I feel like they don't have anything that I need in my average-guy life. I guess it doesn't help that my old leisure reading habit first moved to Amazon and then trailed off as my internet usage ramped up, or I might have a borrow-don't-buy reason to go there instead of just getting stuff here and there off Amazon. But otherwise libraries seems irrelevant and unnecessary to me. I don't mean to say they're unnecessary for everyone, just an average guy like me without some kind of special research need, or lacking my own computer and internet connection, or a frugal yet voracious reading habit.

But as an insider, what would you say are the major things that average people like me don't realize we're missing out on in libraries, things that average people would actually use and benefit from regularly (as opposed to some obscure periodical or database or historical county record or something we wouldn't need access to in our regular-guy lives).
"Hey Larry, do you think you could weld me some shit for the restaurant? Nah man, it's fine, just wing it. What? Oh you know, just whatever you've got laying around."
He was awful, which disqualifies him from this question because he's so memorable for being awful. I have no idea how he was as a writer, but his weekend update things were headache inducingly boring and ungood. That was where you'd fall asleep or change the channel. And they just went on and on. Ugh. What a waste of airtime.
He just, in a moment of carelessness, opened a portal to the wrong dimension.
> Would be interesting to know what the effect of cannabinoids + alcohol are

I believe scientists have already determined that that combination causes turbo-cray. Or at least it does when Jeff shows up with that goddamn bong of his at midnight when you're already good and fucked up.
How about guys in horse head masks down on all fours? Because I think that would be okay.
Purple link strikes again!
Ohhh. Well nevermind! He's been on here a lot in the last couple of weeks as his new show hits the air.
He'll be by later to pick 'em up
> and that he's said the line "say hi to your mother for me" in more than one movie (I think)

If that's the case, that's what I've missed. That's the sort of reference I was looking for. It was presented as either A.) Something topical that the average viewer would know or B.) Something random that they just decided to add to him in an absurd way as though it were relevant.

Mark showing up is what made it funny to me. Before that, just ???
Good news, I did a porn search earlier this afternoon in an incognito browser window and it's not showing up in my saved searches! Huzzah!
I never understood the Mark Wahlberg thing. Was it just random absurdity? I always felt like I missed some reference that was the premise.
Jesus, Bill is working the promotional circuit like a *machine*. 
Seems like this would be an issue for any food or drink made with any exposed grains or any other foods exposed to Roundup.
It doesn't matter. For most people, college isn't really about the specifics of the degree, it's just that you have a degree. I even work in my degree field many years later and I don't remember jack shit from my degree course, so it's not like I'm actually "using" it. 

It wasn't wasted time. You were learning other stuff than you thought you were learning, fundamentals of showing up, doing things yourself, being independent, rising to challenges, working under pressure, handling multiple things at once, how to stop being a kid, socialization, etc. And you get to apply for jobs that other people can't. Don't worry about it. 
So wait, you fuck up on one little section of net and the whole thing is ruined? Or did they have, like, some kind of grout or something?
Once you start listening to it, you can't unhear it, and the laughs start to get so forced and rushed and clipped that you begin to wonder how you never noticed how crazy it always was. It's like the audience had been drugged and was at gunpoint, with the forced hysteria of the terrified mascots on cereal boxes these days. 
You forget about the shitty stupid Autobot-friend kids learning lessons and makin' frens in that show. Ugh. Go blow up some motherfucking Decepticons! Shut up and fight, Bumblebee! Why is this shitty kid with a skateboard hanging out at your HQ? Does his mother know he's there?
Muddy Bottoms
Somebody give the UI designer a raise and let's see what we can get.
I wrote above that I had not heard any new bad stuff since 2011-12, and I hadn't, but if we're using Glassdoor as a reference, here are two others from there from 2015 and 2016 that turned up in my google results just now:

> These people were absolutely ridiculous, they expected you to work really really hard plus "volunteer" your time for exptremely low wages. Most of the work seemed to be stuffing envelopes. I agree with the poster who wrote about faux camaraderie, the management told us how lucky we were to have a "cool Job" as if that would make up for shabby treatment and low salaries. They had all kinds of crazy rules, like nobody could have a hyphenated last name, no vegans were allowed, gluten allergies were not possible, and global warming was a lie. The whole place was toxic and utterly mean-spirited. Oh yeah--when I worked there they fired a girl who was fighting breast cancer. Klassy. 

And 

> I am a low-level, low-paid employee at Rogue searching desperately and secretly for another job (as many of my co-workers are doing as well). There's a lot of rumbling on the Internet about how badly they treat their employees and believe me, most of it is true! I work in their warehouse in SE Portland, and the turnover their has got to be the highest in the land. The week that Jack Joyce died I think around eight either quit or got fired, and that's just about standard. Many people stay and work for just a few hours, they get verbally abused by Brett or one of his cronies and just sort of vanish. It's frightening and uncomfortable. As someone else wrote they fired a girl who had cancer and they could fire you at any time. For any reason. Or no reason. Moral of the story: do NOT work here you'll be glad you skipped it.

These are as unverifiable as the astroturfy ones on Glassdoor that smell like the tone of the self-fellating employee manual we've heard stories about, but if we're doing one side, let's do the other too for whatever either is worth.
The last time I heard fresh bad stuff about Rogue was 2011-12, but you know how these things carry on in the Permanent Online Echo Chamber of Brand Damage. The founders were apparently severe douches and assholes and terrible to employees and were labor squashers. If you worked there, they basically made it out like they were doing you a favor and you ought to suck that dick and be happy about it. One of the founders died in 2014 so half of the source of shit isn't even there anymore. I don't know how things have been there in the years since. Haven't heard anything but the same recycled stories.

I think the "gross stuff in their beer" gripe comes from one they made with yeast cultivated from some guy's beard, unless you're thinking of the Voodoo series of beers that lots of people found gross.
I think this is the more normal way of doing things and that the individual way is an unusual quirk of Reddit.
It looks like he is about to start speaking in a very calm voice. "Hello Dave , I think there are some things we should discuss."
LOST

 stupid fucking bullshit!
Long-haired guy is ridiculously over-the-top. The other guys are showing up for work , are good-natured, and seem to be being themselves.
I wanted to like it because I liked the last one so much but silly overdone long-haired guy kills it for me.
"That's news to me."
DEEZ NUTS! Wait...
Let's get you a job on CNBC
That's the same thing that was happening to the rest of us except for that not turning on again part. I think your battery is just straight up dead and yes, you do have a good chance with a new battery. Lots of us here have replaced our own and our phones are back to normal. You can order a battery off eBay or Amazon and find a replacement video tutorial. You'd still be spending money on the battery though and you said you don't want to do that.
That sucks. I got that same one and replaced mine a few months ago and I'm still going strong. I sure hope it doesn't nosedive. If I had it to do over I wouldn't buy that same one just because it cost 30 bucks because of the kit and the only thing I wanted in the kit was the torx screwdriver and that thing was an unusable piece of shit. Others were selling for 15 or 20 with no kit on eBay or Amazon. I'd get one of those next time.
I find de sunglasses
But if you do stay at the surface … It's a wiiiitch!
Or a friendly but fierce lion man who would take care of them along with other gator orphans.
But I built it all the same, just to show 'em!
looks like the site is down at least right now
She really is ace at those things! Also neck working. We got some bonus neck working in the shouty WU appearance with the Olympic hockey woman. 

Honestly, I feel like maybe she was mocking her critics with that sketch. Because it was literally, egregiously just shouting and neck working. There wasn't even a humorous premise. Just "YOUS A BITCH". Hmm.
Well I mean these days you'd think it would cause a Twitterlanche.
Seeding numbers bigger than dinner plates.
I wonder if there was updog in there.
TIL!
Ha ha! My finals came down to the same as the static bracket that was posted here . And the Same song won. There is a light. It is just too grand and magnificent.
I came here from my main feed and thought I was in interestingasfuck and kept waiting for it to get interesting, like some kind of crazy chemical reaction catalyzed by the lemon or something. Nope, just some unnecessary baloney.
I would like a big red button at the top that says "where is my shit this week?" and I can click it and it will take me to wherever they've stashed my queue this time.
Well he doesn't *run* it anymore. There are people for that. He's the Chairman. 
Ask vs Panic in the first round?! Terrible seeding! Ohh, that was brutal. Ugh, gutted me right up front. Girlfriend vs Asleep was no first round picnic either.

And the Eastern Conference here is lopsided. Much stronger than the West. 

The West's bottom eight was the weakest group. I had Earned It coming out of there, but don't actually think it was worthy of a spot in the Elite 8 against Shoplifters.

For me it came down to Bigmouth over Shoplifters in a tight western semi-final and There is a Light over Charming Man in the east, though there was a referee controversy when Charming beat How Soon to get there. Nobody's sure how that one should have come out but a lot of people are saying How Soon got robbed. They had even been favored to win the whole thing. I guess it wouldn't be a tourney without some controversy.

Anyway it was Bigmouth vs. There is a Light in the finals and There is a Light took it. How could it not? Bigmouth was very hot but was punching above its weight there a bit.

Honestly it probably should have come down to There is a Light vs How Soon is Now in the finals - - I think this tournament would always ultimately come down to those two - - but I think the outcome would have been the same by a squeak in my bracket. 

Shout outs to Cemetry Gates and Panic for very solid showings in their Elite 8 exit matches, and to Hand in Glove, who went down in a tragic nailbiter against Panic in the round of 32. I wasn't sure which way that one was going to go until the relentless, anthemic Hang the DJ chant put nail after nail in the coffin, but I'd have liked to see it test its mettle against Shoplifters in the Southwest Elite 8 match - I think they could have taken them and then would have faced Bigmouth in the final four and holy crap what a clash that would have been.

Thanks, OP. The pleasure, the privilege was mine!
These Busch boys are [real pieces of work](https://nypost.com/2017/07/12/cops-found-loaded-guns-pills-and-dogs-inside-anheuser-busch-scions-chopper/).

Indeed, let's all pour one out for Dave.
Naw, it's definitely one of them 4-handed people.
Do you guys dive too?
Are you in the UK?
Yeah I'm familiar with Desi but it as you say is an internal word and hasn't caught on amongst the gringos.

Subcontinentals is almost never used and seems to be used casually and informally when it is. Here's an example from TIME Magazine from the year 2000. I don't think it is a slur. 

http://content.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,2054189,00.html
That's part of the issue though. I never use the word subcontinentals in common speech but have to use it here to distinguish because we don't have a word for people from the subcontinent aside from their individual nationality names, which itself is problematic because we can't necessarily tell the difference. Even the term subcontinent is dated, and subcontinentals more so, but the issue is that our definition of the term Asian does not include them even though geographically it would make sense. 

What I don't understand is how people from the UK refer to people we used to call Oriental. Do they call them East Asians for example? Because it seems to me that when they say Asian they definitely mean people from the subcontinent and not people from, say, Japan or Korea or China or whatever.
Oh, good point
Galaxy S3 was the absolutely ideal and perfect phone for me. I still have it as a kitchen MP3 player but would love to still be using it.
Me too. I use voice recognition for almost all typing because it's still just so annoying and frustrating after all these years to still be fat thumbing things. But voice recognition comes with its own dumb adventures. I like how it miss is the most basic words sometimes and instead invents proper nouns that definitely don't exist . And the extra space in front of my periods sometimes is really fun too .
Jared always billed itself as the Galleria of jewelry except I was always like "yeah but what's a galleria?" It seemed like an obscure reference. 
I would make him tune pianos with me just to see him sweat
Why is he working out with a giant!
Right but Americans don't use the word Asian for subcontinentals. When Americans use the word, they mean the people that used to be called Orientals. But British people call subcontinentals Asians, and I presume subcontinentals do as well, so it can lead to confusion sometimes.
*O Tannenbaum, O Tannenbaum  
How everfried your fingers...*
> Vauxhall & I, Bona Drag, Viva Hate, Your Arsenal are the ones they have mentioned as good starting points.

Those are the ones I'd have said too.

Kill Uncle is less popular among fans but I think there are some great ones on there:

* [Mute Witness](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEN79tdwcpc) has a soaringness and an urgency to it, it's an interesting and well-told story, and there's even a little humor with a cameo by a frisbee!  
* I like [Sing Your Life](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asJ9FNUfQD4) because it seems like it's him inviting us to join him in doing what he does, as opposed to be smug about it or something. He's telling us we can do it!  
* [There's a Place in Hell for Me and My Friends](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxLxebqplgg) is a beautiful, tender piano number that I think is just the most earnest, straightfaced, eviscerating mockery ever. I think he's made a song out of some ugly little thing someone said to him one time, stepping into it as though he agrees.  
* [\(I'm\) The End of the Line](https://youtu.be/Wal-q0Wny8c?t=19) is a dirge but that sweet-pain kind. Lovely.
* [Our Frank](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkqVB8ci1Wc) is an example of Morrissey's wonderful humor. I love his attitude in this song. His friend is over-confiding and he can't take listening to it anymore because he's all worn out. Ha ha! Plus you can do the slow-speed Twist to to this in your living room during the chorus.

While You Are The Quarry was a bit of an uptick after what I felt were two not-great albums, it's got one of my very favorites of his in [Come Back to Camden](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itldtaLv_X4). Another beautiful piano n' strings number that is pure poetry. Ohhh so good. The language. The language. Ohh. And the very end is pathetically beautiful in the sense of tragic pathos. Laid bare in that one he is. And [Irish Blood English Heart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKoS5X4SMrY) from that album has some real fire. [First of the Gang to Die](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qgn1Rc0YJ4) was a fun departure for him, awakening lots of us to the heretofore unknown huge Latino following the Mozzer has.

That's some top notch science right there.
fire them torpedoes, dog
No, they are both for shirts, but you just get a bonus chemistry set with the top one.
"There's ice on the sink where we bathe."

Ouuuch. Most tragic Smiths line ever? So much packed into that, it's like Hemingway up in here.
I noticed in my chili last night that my diced red bell peppers retained their bright red color. I guess I had expected it to fade. So that might help. Maybe pureed?
I love it and it's one of my favorites and I like it better than any of them in this competition, but I was surprised it made it as far as it did, not being an album track, and that it beat Hooligan. I consider that a small victory! I think it's better than Sheila, but I'll say Strange is one of their greats, so I'd have been happy if it got #2. But #3 isn't bad.
BOBBY WARKNUCKLES
Or maybe trash can font on meat is murder
Forest Whitaker in Arrival. What the fuck accent was that and how did they let him keep doing that the whole movie?! it was so awful. If you are the director, and you're embarrassed for him the first time he does it, how do you let him keep doing it? It was totally unnecessary and was a distraction the whole time.
It's minor but the woman in Savannah who babysat lil' Forrest Gump for Jennay, who used an accent that sounded like she just walked off the set of Gone With the Wind, even though it was the 80s. "How d'jdoo." "I have to go, I'm double pahhhked." How did she get a part in a film with Tom Hanks?!
I'm working on a merit badge.
"Thanks Islam!"

-Women
Try an eisbock recipe

https://beerandbrewing.com/make-your-best-eisbock/
💩
Maybe what you like is extra strength American adjunct lagers. Icehouse is 5.5% ABV, MB Ice is 5.9%, and Natty Daddy is 8%. Meanwhile Bud Light, Miller Lite, and Coors Light, for example, are 4.2% and taste waterier by comparison.

The basic American grocery store beer like Bud or Miller or whatever is a category that various geeks and brewers and beer judges often call American adjunct lager. Adjunct just means they swapped in something like corn or rice (which are the adjuncts) in place of some of the usual malted barley. 

One way to jack the ABV up higher than normal for that style is to freeze the beer and remove some of the ice so you're left with a more concentrated version that has the same amount of alcohol but less water per volume. That's what MB Ice and Icehouse are.

Another way to jack up the ABV is to add more adjunct grains or straight up sugars to the recipe to give the yeast more to eat so it will piss out more ethanol. When they do that and the ABV gets above a certain percentage, I think around 6, they call it malt liquor. That's what Natty Daddy is.

Why do you like them more than others? Who knows. Doesn't matter. But if you want to find more like them, you might explore things like Mickey's, Steel Reserve, Hurricane, or anything with Ice in the name.

Beers like that are often called macro beers, because they come from big macro breweries, not micro breweries, which is what they used to call the breweries that make craft beer. There are craft beers that come in those nigher ABV percentages too, and in dozens of different beer styles, many of which are ales, not lagers. Those are the two big families of beer, with the main difference being the types of yeast and the temperatures at which they ferment, but that's just trivia for you and I as drinkers. And underneath each of those umbrellas, there are a lot of very different styles of beer. You can read about lots of those styles [here](https://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/style/), including malt liquor and American adjunct lager. That may give you some shopping ideas, though I don't know which ones you've had that you didn't like.

Many American craft beers these days are a lot richer in flavor than the grocery store lagers, and often more bitter and pungent thanks to higher volumes of hops in their recipes, which is the bitter plant added to offset residual sweetness in the beer and contribute various other flavors. 

Given what you've found that you like, these frequently more bitter and pungent beers may or may not be for you at this point. Only one way to find out. One you should be able to find most places that might be interesting to try is Fat Tire, by New Belgium. It's pretty approachable and mild and it's 5.2% ABV. 

Otherwise you'd probably be better off trying some of the kinds I list above that are more like what you already like.
If that's the case, do you know a way around it, something that will force it?
He's with the yoga police
Except a kidney punch
I mean, only if you want to. I'm not saying you have to. I'm not being forceful, like mother would say. Get out of my head, mom! I have a lot of regrets, okay? I'm not trying to dump my baggage on you. But I can't help feeling like you hate me. Every night, I'm thinking this. I'm consumed with worry. I try to do better, and formerly I didn't even know I needed to do better but now I do, and it's never enough. It's never enough. Why am I not good enough? I feel like all you ever tell me is that I'm not good enough. Wait, that's my fault. I always do this. Don't listen to me. It's just… I can't help but feel I could have done better than this. Over and over ruminate on this. I mean, am I imagining this? Am I imagining that I'm imagining this? Everyone can see it, can't they. I know everyone can see it and they think that I'm nuts. Oh I'll never be good enough. And if they don't believe me now, will they ever believe me? Ugh, I need to go listen to some Smiths.
Very interesting and helpful, thank you.
Apply some gnawing self-doubt to it and get back to us!
"I lub you piggy!"
One thing you can do on each of those beer style pages is click the column headers to sort first by Ratings (though I think that's the default) to see which beers in that style have the most reviews. That generally equates to how available and easy to find they are. But it doesn't necessarily mean they're the best you can find.

So once you familiarize yourself with some of those top names in a style so you know what you're more likely to find at Total Wine, now sort by the Score column. What you'll notice is that there will be a lot of top-scoring beers at the very top that have only a few ratings to their name, like single or double digits of number of reviews. Ignore these. You will almost certainly not find them on shelves anywhere,because if they were available, a lot more people would have reviewed them by now. 

Instead, scroll down until you find the first of these highest-rated beers that also has a lot of reviews, as in many hundreds or multiple thousands. I just did this with the first style on the style page, American Amber. That showed me that Nugget Nectar by Troeg's was the highest rated beer in that category that also had a lot of reviews - - the number of reviews jumped from single and double digits to over 8,000 reviews. Paydirt! 

Craft beer is mostly regional though, unlike the Buds and Millers of the world, and I happen to know that Troeg's does not distribute anywhere near me, so I won't find that one on shelves where I am, so there's no point looking for it, but you get the point. The next big-ish one in terms of number of reviews is Zoe by Maine, which I also can't get. 

But the next one down the list with thousands of reviews is Lagunitas Lucky 13, which I know I can get because those guys distribute everywhere (and in this case because I've actually seen it on shelves). So if my goal is to try a top amber ale, that's the way to get some ideas from BeerAdvocate before I go to the store.

Your rating of a given beer will often be different from the herd on sites like BeerAdvocate, RateBeer, or apps like Untappd, so they're not always reliable in any individual's case. That's fine, tastes vary. But this is still usually a handy way to get an idea of what some good and likely available beers are in a given style before you hit the store. And you can have your phone with you in the store too and be checking these things.

Happy shopping, happy exploring, happy learning, happy sipping. There's so much out there to try.
"And they tell me, the ladies tell me he's, I don't know, but I hear he's got nothing going on downstairs."
"They are telling me what I want to hear, and telling me I'm a big strong man who is the best."
Yeah, it's great, but I don't think they should have painted those shadows on - it's kind of cheap.
Doppelbock is a great German lager style, and these two breweries make what, at least from what's available in the US, are generally considered the two best examples, namely Korbinian and Celebrator. They're both just rich and delicious and super malty, like liquid bran cereal malty. 

Weihenstephaner makes what a lot of people consider the best hefeweizen, or as they word it, Hefeweissbier. Ayinger's take on it is great too. They call theirs Bräu Weisse if you can find it.

They both make a pils (pilsener), though I don't see those as much for some reason, at least not where I am.

They both make a great weizenbock: Weihenstephaner Vitus and Ayinger Weizenbock. Another great one in that style is called Aventinus by another German brewery, Schneider Weisse.

These are some great ones everyone with an interest in German beers should try. There are so many we don't get imported much but these are pretty well available in most of the US.
Just dive in, that's the only way. Try different German styles and different German brewers. Weihenstephaner and Ayinger are two German breweries who seem to only make great beer, so it would be hard to go wrong with those two, but a big place like Total wine will have more. Pilseners, bocks, doppelbocks, weizenbocks, schwarzbiers, berliner weisses, hefeweizens, goses, kolsches, and more, just jump in there. Do build-your-own sixpacks if it's an option, so you can try more things sooner. You can read up on the styles in advance [here](https://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/style/).
Well here's to near-future happiness for this fun person. 

She should go grab Gabe and fire up the Question Truck!
Oh, it's that smell you get when you stuff a bunch of midgets into a ship's bilge to serve as ballast.
Welp, you came to the wrong sub.
And essence of nuggetbelly...
Hey brewers, if the end result is super dry, what's the difference between a beer that uses an amylase enzyme and one that's just super-attenuated?

I get it that other things are influencing this style's end result, such as the lighter malts and specific hops, but I'm wondering what the difference would be between using this enzyme and just letting the yeast eat every last scrap of sugar. I don't know if I have my brewing concepts quite correct but splain me.
Hm.
he happy boye!
Why is it that a turtle or whale can go so much deeper than a sub made of superstrong metal?
It builds off the idea of a coffee break, which you've heard of. Most or all of these beers have coffee in them, and biscotti is something you have with coffee typically. 
Wow, I bet you're right. I had assumed it was a liability thing but wasn't sure why all of a sudden.
I'm afraid you just have to bring more to the table than that. I mean, maybe you could give it a try, maybe mix it up with a little TERF ranting or general xenophobia.
I bet Voat don't care! If you love beer and hate fat people and the Jews, welp, Bob's your uncle.
Yeah I wasn't suggesting you were suggesting it, just throwing it out there for any refugees thinking of setting up camp in here.

I asked a question in the main thread about whether this was motivated by liability concerns. Not much you can do about that these days, so if that was the reason, it would just be interesting to know. Otherwise it smells kind of off.
Well, for one thing, the beertraders can't come do their trades in here. If this sub became an unofficial yet regular beer trading spot, it would just get banned. The rules here will need an update.

Seems shitty that they just deep sixed the place with no warning. At least I think there was no warning. The announcement was an hour ago and the sub is gone. A heads up to wrap things up would have been courteous.
What is the rationale for this? Is it coming from a liability prevention standpoint? If, say, somebody underage scored some beer through the beer trade sub by duping someone there into thinking they were actually going to send something in return, and got in a wreck or died or just got busted, is the idea that Reddit's parent company could be legitimately included as a defendant in a resulting lawsuit? I know lawyers throw everything against the wall and see what will stick, but I'm just wondering if that's what has motivated this, or if it's just a PR risk or if it's something else.
Yes, every morning they reload their campsite stew cauldrons into their painted wagons, hitch up their teams, and trundle off to the next town in search of pots to mend, the last hummed refrains of their whirling nighttime revels drifting away on the breeze. That is, unless the goblins have stolen another of their babies, in which case the men fan out into the forest to find their cave and strike a bargain for their return.
lupus mold
Jesus Christ, she's gonna blowww!
Oh dear. I think that green coat could work for a magazine shoot. But just out and about town, it looks like he's cosplaying a minor comic villain's civilian mode. 
While it doesn't necessarily address your points, some background context for you and anyone else interested in raw beer can be found in u/larsga's blog post on raw ale:

http://www.garshol.priv.no/blog/331.html
Cadets lining up for the first day of training.
Stanley wants to be friends!
Hooray! Great group. I'm way overdue for some Maya Rudolph.

And PS - Poehler looks fantastic as a redhead. 
Install a stadium bathroom piss trough in your mattress. 
And that prince was a cat, so yeah, full circle.
I mean, he's wearing a bib. He signed away his rights.
While it's not the same, you could try some Sweetwater Blue for your blueberry fix. Looks like they carry it at the Total Wine on Park Lane in north Dallas. That store also appears to carry Redd's blueberry, which is cheaper and probably more similar to Wild Blue, just since it is Miller's answer to AB's Wild Blue.
"But doctor, are you sure? I don't see how a beer is going to help me with this cancer."
Well then come on down to Joe's Plate-o-Soup...
Seriously. Why does this point even come up? They arrest you for bringing a gun on the plane and you're like "but I'm licensed." Hey dummy...
I have always assumed that it's just a vanity-based dig at Californians along with the other exaggerated digs about accents, traffic, and the other things they mock in that sketch. In earlier episodes, there was more preening and hair smoothing in the mirror.
Ah, I see what you mean. There are a lot of other types of businesses and project structures that don't have that upfront piece, just proposal, contract, initial payment, work, handover and final payment. So I can see why people might not appreciate the amount of work that goes into things that require design and design approval. I wasn't thinking of that part myself.
What's the difference between either start and approval, or approval and completion? I'm seeing three things but feel like there are only two things so I feel like I'm not sure what the approval step is. What is being approved and when?
Compromising paparazzi photos 
I can't do shows like that - the whole thing seems forced and fake to me. But I always thought it was odd that they stuck GZ in that show, or in the over-the-top-cornball-rah-rah list shows with Sunny. It just so doesn't seem like the personality we came to know in all prior years of experience with him. You have to give him credit for going for it though. Had opportunities; did what it took to make them happen. It feels forced but I mean, get dat money.
I want to be his friend too! (but you guys can keep Ohio - it's on my trade list)
I just don't get anything out of that show. She seems nice but there's just zero appeal. She's like the inverse of Anne Meanlady - bad attitude but draws me in.
I think he's the happiest, most fun guy on the network. I love what a great time he always seems to be having. Great attitude, that guy.
Oh I wondered what she saw there. I couldn't make it out on my crap tv. I thought it was some kind of bait they had set up, like a snared rabbit to draw walkers into to a sniper alley or something, but the way she looked at it, it looked like bait someone else had set. No wonder.
I feel like I missed something in regard to Georgie's crew. How did Rosita get the message from them in the first place? The first thing I noticed of any of this, Rosita drove up to Maggie and pals in an SUV and got out talking about the crates and the meetup point. But I don't recall seeing what came before that on this issue. Where was she that she found this stuff? Where did she find the crates and the note and whatever? And do we know how Georgie and pals already knew of what was going on inside Hilltop?
Very interesting. TIL
I don't mean fear of fire specifically, I just meant the event. If the hippocampus wasn't developed enough to retain memories long term, I was curious how you could remember it, or more specifically how those memories could have stuck with you to mess you up.
Most people remember nothing before age 3 due to the way the hippocampus develops. What have you been told about how you were able to hold onto this memory from 2 years old?
Do you guys get Weihenstephaner up there? They make one called Vitus that is as great as you'd expect from Weihenstephaner. 
Yeah I had forgotten that he was an actor previously, so at first I was like "Wow this guy missed his calling!" Loved him in the bar mitzvah sketch as well.
A SET OF LOWER CASE LETTERS
Uh, it's kind of urgent. Shit I'm going for it. Wish me luck.
I didn't really get this one. 
I didn't think this one was as good as prior ones, but I've loved the prior ones. 
Eh kneuh. Ets noht tha semm wothott har.
I did too! Great impression and great hair and makeup job. 
I was actually going to come here and ask why he got such a pop. I had to google him. 
You can attack the wording of the statement and avoid its very straightforward point and pretend that everybody actually thinks that adolescents make mature decisions in legal proceedings or otherwise and ridicule and violently oppose it until proven otherwise. And you can also cite evidence that undermines your assertion by linking to a public defender who explains outright how adolescents in the legal system of course don't know how to make mature decisions like adults, but I'm not sure why you'd do either. I'm going to leave you to it though.
I'm pretty sure that no one ever ridiculed or violently opposed the idea that adolescents are less able than adults to make mature decisions.
Don't mean to brag but I got on one and was actually pretty good at it and I'm also really good looking.
When I would do downward facing dog I would get all dizzy. Fuck yoga!
You know how you can kick anybody's ass in your head? And like, you can do some karate moves and whatnot? Well kicking the bag in kickboxing class is easy, right? I mean you can kick, and it's just a bag. Nope. It really doesn't come off the same as in your fantasies. There must be some actual technique to it because it is very easy to not be that coordinated with it and for it to not come out all cool looking.
I didn't care about Drake at all before SNL, but he's fantastic. He's great at it and has such fun with it. I want that man in the five timers club stat!
How would I say "how much for just the blowjob only, then?"
Do you honestly think someone other than Putin will win this election? He doesn't even have any credible opposition. His only real opponent was barred from participating.
Served with fries ✔️
I don't have a favorite. Each is special and unique and I like them for different reasons. This one is no exception. It's a fantastic album
Same here. "These guys don't have any skin in the game" has long been the complaint. Well? So? Unless they've done something illegal or immoral, WTF do you care? If contract guys made a different business plan, that's literally their business. If they either couldn't get the seed funding together to buy their own stuff or just didn't want to risk such a big investment in uncertain waters until they could prove their concept, contracting just seems to me to be a smart, nimble, and flexible way to go. If the guy who sunk half a million bucks into his own place is regretting it now, that's his problem. Maybe he should have considered starting off on contract if that's the way he feels. If I get two great beers in my hand, one from a contract guy and one from a self guy, I don't care which one is contract.
I'm going to invent pizza early and medieval people are going to love it. Except I'm going to name it after myself. So you guys in the modern day are going to have to order turkeypants instead of pizza.
It wasn't like anything. Jesus invented women.
That's a good boy!
Iegoes
Upon googling, I honestly don't recall ever having seen this person. I guess I wasn't watching that season.
Kyle Mooney represent! Didn't see that level of support coming. Watch your ass, McKinnon!
They have invoked the BBQ Rule.
Go Tina! Great job!
I just like the feeling of people not knowing whether I've shown up at the tap room to have a beer to paint the back room and do some spackling.
YES! OH GOD YES! Please wear this every day until Halloween! And then every day after. And I'm going to need some Halloween party recommendations.
awwww, she good!
And mom's snail trail.
The busboy is like "fuck this fucking place"
That's Big Screwdriver holding us down.
"What'll you trade me for these three blowjobs, barely used?"
[Why not both?](https://www.reddit.com/r/Sinkpissers/)
I saw an episode of Chopped recently that had a three-layer cake of cornbread with mashed potato frosting and gravy drizzled over it. Wanted to smoosh my face in it. 
For anyone who hasn't heard What's the World, a cover of a song by fellow Mancuian band, James, here are are a couple live performances:

[A better recording, but no video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDhLqXjGSgI)

[This one has a video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2qMZQQMHqU) 

And here's I Keep Mine Hidden - [studio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6mrsCDJj78) and [live](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOOT9RM_FDg)

And here's a studio version of [Wonderful Woman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lt1YqCpLoYY)

And speaking of wonderful, here's [Jeane](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycmJqDqSyrE). What a treat. Such a happy tune, such tragic lyrics. Here's a [remastered version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csn0e27Wp54). And here's a [live show video from 1983.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-cFA8FQe1k) We're at maximum hair height here, people, plus bonus maraca! And Johnny looking totally 50s coolguy cool. And yet only like three people clapping at the end!
I feel like hardball has to be more than diplomatic. Hardball is hacking their shit, leaking their shit, wrecking their shit, annexing their shit, oopsie-ing their shit in Syria and smoothing it over with bullshit PR, arming "rebels" against their shit on the fringes, and poisoning and nerve-agenting some of theirs to death. They don't care about the diplomatic stuff, and the only thing that would be meaningful and maybe cause them to pause or change course is actual hits back at them. Yet nobody wants to do that because they know Putin will go down that road even further and pretty soon you've got a war with one of the biggest nuclear powers. Basically as the world stands, if you're powerful and an asshole, you can just push push push because the responsible people of the world will have to just suck that dick instead of go to war. Putin is happy enough playing that role because he doesn't give a shit and knows he can play the rest of us for suckers.
How interesting on both counts. Thanks for the info.
This is totally the wrong site to say this on, and I've heard all the explanations in favor of it, but it still baffles me that anyone would sit around and watch someone else play a video game that they could play themselves. Not only that, but it's a huge thing now. I think it's partly a generational issue, and as you age  you just have to remember that your own parents and grandparents just kind of shook their head in bafflement over things you did when you were younger, and just accept that that's the way it goes for everyone. New generations, new concepts, but you've missed the boat and will just finish out life without any appreciation of given new things. Such as Lil Pump, who I would have assumed was legitimately retarded if I had slightly less cultural context.
So does that answer, by default, the sciency issue about sugar's role in cake? It does just fine with out it? The guy in your article talks about sticking to his proportions of other ingredients. I'm not much of a baker so I don't know how much those differ from sweet cakes and if they had to be tweaked to make up for sugar's absence or what.

Cornbread seems basically like a cake and is savory so I guess that's another example, but isn't quite the same thing as something like birthday cake with wheat flour. 
Loved me some Nat X!
I loved Mike O'Brien on screen. When I see his face, I'm just expecting something funny to happen.
Very squeezable! So bubbly and twinkly and smileyfun. 
Everyone knows you only drink Lucozade on the bus, so you can leave the bottle to roll around on the floor.
"Make everything trash" sounds like a certain candidate's 2020 campaign slogan
It's LEGO, rrarrrrrh!
Or find it between the seat and center console in your car. "Hey, they don't even make this flavor anymore!"
Screw an eyehole screw into the ceiling somewhere unobtrusive and drop a cord down from there that you tie around a chapstick that hangs down to about neck height. You must go to that place in your house to use that chapstick, and you may not remove that chapstick from that cord until it is gone.
And you bought a Torx, but it just evaporates so you buy another and that one is gone too. Fact: no Torx screwdriver has ever continued to exist.
A block of cheddar and a big chocolate bar. Together. While standing in front of an open fridge. High as a kite. 
I've never been poor poor, just poor for me, and hurtling toward the cliff edge for a while there. It was after losing a job and watching the money drain away and starting to actually paying attention to the price of things in the grocery store, and stopping buying most meat, and stopping buying good beer and then beer in general, and looking at everything on a per-weight basis, which eliminates so much stuff as not worth it, and thinking about bulk buying/cooking, and using coupons and stuff, and just stopping buying *things* period unless I couldn't avoid it. All of that was just transparent and irrelevant to me before, but now it actually mattered. It's dumb to waste money even when times are good, but you don't realize you're doing it when there's nothing pressing on you. I recovered, but kept this newfound sense of thrift. I still look at my old buddy skirt steak in the meat case nowadays and dream of my old wonderful grilled fajitas, but those times just seem gone for good. Too expensive. Gimme dem poor people cuts. On sale.
I guess not a funny roast so much as a sad one. Roasting is hard!
1986: Dana Carvey, Phil Hartman, Jan Hooks, Kevin Nealon, Victoria Jackson. This was a classic cast era and plus you got four at once. Well, five, but I'd trade Victoria Jackson for 1985's Jon Lovitz since she turned out to be crazy and he was part of that broader fun cast era and only off by a year. 

RAAAAAH!
Are they acting like it's hard hitting journalism or are they just giving the same treatment to this style that they've given to every other style they've done? And what do you care how they spend their time? It's a casual piece from a casual lifestyle magazine. Music, movies, tv, games, books beer. Seriously, what are you after from that publication and from this subreddit? It's casual beer content on a casual beer sub, where we chit chat about beer every day, craft and macro, and clearly plenty of people are casually interested in it. They could just write the style off and not bother and maintain a hazy categorical disdain or they could just treat it as objectively as every other style they review and see what comes out of it, for their own casual interest and people's here. I guess they shouldn't come back here without a Pulitzer eh? 
He pledges lots of things
One derbakerta panda, please. Wibcheengs.
What exactly would you suggest be done differently in this case? A blind panel of tasters from the beer industry who tasted this style like they've done every other one, written up here in a thoughtful and evenhanded way instead of the usual bro talk, replete with barf/frat stories, when cheap lagers are ranked elsewhere. I mean, it's a beer style tasting review from an outlet that does beer style tasting reviews. Maybe you meant to visit The New Yorker but clicked the wrong link?
Please call me up and read me this comment aloud
Pretty sure this is at Mackdombles
See if you get anywhere with "Trump speech"
20 yr old barista & getting a degree in Animation. I run a podcast.

23 yr old barista & probably getting a degree in general studies or maybe communications. I ran a podcast.

28 yr old barista and taking night classes sometimes when I can get a sitter.

40 yr old barista.


This firm has everything…
That's so well done! I would have expected UFC promo to suck so hard. Wait, sorry, scratch that, I was confusing them with Reebok. 
Seems like the law ought to operate on principle - whichever principle you like - that brewers and other suppliers can either give bars free shit or not. Free neon signs and posters and coasters and glasses and tap systems and whatever else... or none of that. I'm not sure how much sense it makes to try to calculate amounts of any of that that are somehow OK or somehow across the line, or to pick and choose between categories of item. If the idea is to protect the little guy from the bribe/schmooze power of the big guy, then block all of it for everybody. If not, let the rivers flow. Why is 10 cases OK but not 11? It just seems arbitrary and not based on much.
Oh, you were referring to restaurants inside the hotels? I was not making the connection between hotels and your point about food vendors.
Right but what do the hotels have to do with it? I couldn't figure out what role they were playing in your argument.
And ranch is just ground-up trailer parks in mayonnaise.
>  there's three hotels within half a kilometer of my house

What is the significance of this in regard to milk or vegetables? Do hotels sell milk?
Every restaurant kitchen that has an all-Latin American staff knows the tyranny of the toiletpaper trash.
Might've just been an advertisement

https://imgur.com/CWnchLx
Jos A Bank is ridiculous for this. There's never not a sale going on. $120 shirt? Oh not to worry, it's only $60 on sale. Buy 1 suit get 7 free! I mean, they'd go out of business if this shit was legit, either that or their stuff is the sweatshoppiest men's clothing out there.
You couldn't handle some of it!

http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/riddles-of-the-universe/n9580?snl=1
Shoelaces. Sure, there have been various innovations, but most shoes are still going with the thousands-of-years-old version. Give me some space tech shoes already.
Understanding the latest tech. After a while you're like "I'm just going to give this one a pass." Feelsgoodman. This is why Connie in your office still doesn't understand how to edit a file she has been emailed and then email it back. It's not that she's stupid, it's just that she doesn't care enough to learn or remember it. She's got other priorities.
Coolness is one of the first to go. And thank God. In retrospect, what an exhausting and stupid waste of time.
News out of Spain. I mean, does nothing newsworthy happen there? 

Same for Austria.
Is it really worth it to upgrade my Zip drive to a Jaz drive? Or should I just buy more zip disks?
Is anybody else worried that the leader of Russia is a silly old clown?
Better get on the horn to Google - those lazy clowns haven't updated their autosuggest!
Ha ha!
Maybe it was a summertime thing, but to me it was straight piss and hot garbage, unmistakable, unavoidable. I have never been to another city with that pervasive a smell. When you start typing into the google search box "new york city smells like..." the first suggested autocomplete is "piss". Oddly, the second one is maple syrup, which I did not smell. 

By comparison, the top google autocomplete suggestions for Chicago are: chocolate, sewage, bleach, and chlorine. Austin smells like smoke, cabbage, almonds, and coffee. Seattle smells like poop, pee, poo, and smoke. Boston smells like teen spirit and molasses. Denver smells like weed, dog food, poop, and smoke. Portland smells like smoke. Las Vegas smells like sewage. Louisville smells like mildew. Long Beach smells like gas. Buffalo smells like Cheerios. New Orleans, San Fran, and L.A. join NYC in the piss club, though SF adds weed into the mix.

[Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskNYC/comments/45tkhr/what_does_nyc_smell_like_to_you/) a 2 year old thread from r/asknyc in which the top answer to the question of what NYC smells like is "piss and garbage in the summer". Tied for 2nd place is "rotting garbage". Both piss and garbage feature in a number of the other answers.

[Here's an article](http://www.businessinsider.com/why-new-york-city-smells-in-the-summer-2016-6) about why the whole place smells like garbage in the summer.

I've also never seen [so much garbage](https://www.google.com/search?client=firefox-b-1&tbm=isch&sa=1&ei=PMymWpKZIon2zgKzxoDwDA&q=new+york+city+garbage+bags&oq=new+york+city+garbage+bags&gs_l=psy-ab.3...16870.16870.0.17264.1.1.0.0.0.0.71.71.1.1.0....0...1c..64.psy-ab..0.0.0....0.r0yO7M_JqsA) stacked up all over the place. I saw piles literally twice as tall as me. Pick up the fucking garbage, NYC!




Well I'm sticking with piss and hot garbage for NYC because that's what the whole place smells like! They don't tell you about that part.
If Chicago is going to get smelly onion, it's only fair that New York City get piss and hot garbage.
Listen, if they can make old tires taste like mangoes, who am I to quibble?
If your chute doesn't open, you're supposed to bend your knees.
Food Truck Ghost Catchers
It's however he says it is but I don't say it his way, I guess for the same reason I say Pariss instead of Paree. 
I was surprised when I Keep Mine Hidden didn't turn out to be another of those 60s covers. Sounds like it, yet they wrote it and it was the last one they ever recorded.
When I watch The Walking Dead and bad guy Dwight is on, I like to pretend he is Chad Kroeger of Nickelback, because maybe someone will beat the crap out of him. The downside of this is spending time thinking about Nickelback.
This is how I feel about cereal mascots such as snap crackle pop and Cap'n Crunch and lucky charms and whatnot. Their smiles are forced, panicked smiles if anything. My theory is that the cereal people have a family member of theirs locked up in a basement and if they don't make super extra double happy in their photo for the cereal box the basement relative will be tortured and killed. This has been going on for years.
Interesting thought. There are various stats out there.

https://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/21/upshot/the-metro-areas-with-the-largest-and-smallest-gay-population.html

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_demographics_of_the_United_States#By_city

Melwho? 

-Everybody
Cro Cop starting to go Bane on us
Still, I wonder why Georgia. I wonder if that was intentional for the reasons you said. I know Georgia is attractive for filming these days from a tax incentive standpoint - I'm betting that's why. See Walking Dead, Stranger Things, Hunger Games, and some Marvel films, for example. 
How much do juniper branches taste like juniper berries? Does beer made with them have gin notes, or do you need the berries for that?
Ohhh, that song was so painful!
> Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip

OMG that show was so terrible. Ugh. The below exchange, most especially its final line, made me want to barf up my liver and punch it.
________________________
MATT
Well, he just did an experimental thing at a little theater in Pasadena. It was a translation of "Look Back in Anger".

DANNY
"Look Back in Anger" was written in English.

MATT
Yeah, he translated it into Dutch.

DANNY
Why?

MATT
I don't know - just as an exercise.

DANNY
And it was funny?

MATT
Well, I didn't see it, but I bet it was.

DANNY
Yeah, cause "Look Back in Anger" is irresistibly funny to begin with, and *I would think the comic rat-a-tat-tat of Osborne's play must soar even higher in Dutch.*
__________________

Ohhh God kill them! Comic rat-a-tat-tat?! Nobody speaks this way except a preposterous screenwriter with a handpuppet! Auuuuuugh!
Jim, not mincing words!
Loved the whiny voice
Yeah, he was really going for it and was having a great time. I didn't think Dr. Love or Nickelback were good sketches, yet his acting in them was great.
I liked it! I've never even seen the Bachelor but I get the premise. It was enough.
Not even close. I mean... points for sleigh bells! But I'd probably rank it somewhere around #98 to #108. Too much brilliant, awesome, great, and good stuff ahead of it.
"Where are the craziest white people? Let's go there."
I normally love him but thought that this one was not up to his usual snuff. I love his man on the street things and this one was okay but not great.
She was straight channeling Jan Hooks there.
I opened a bag of ginger chews last night and the bag boasts a resealable top. But all of the ginger candies inside are individually wrapped and sealed. So… not sure exactly what I'm getting out of the resealable bag. it doesn't even really need to be closed, much less sealed.
Your baked goods are not going to bake. Your panna cotta is not going to set. Your big chunk of meat is not going to cook through. I mean, have you *seen* this show? Same things over and over and over.

 I wish they would stop giving people credit for making random hashes. Hash basically says fuck it I have no idea I'm just gonna chop it up and put it all in a frying pan together. That's not a dish! That's something a blind bachelor makes to use up food before he moves out of his apartment.
nDERP!
Yeah I think in a lot of places there are laws that won't let grocery stores give "expired" produce to food banks, as in stuff that's still fine to eat but isn't pretty enough to stay on their shelves anymore. I don't know if that's covered by the same laws that might tough on produce that's never pretty enough to get to the grocery store in the first place.
Man that's nuts. You'd think governments could contract buy the imperfect stuff for pennies and make sure people aren't going hungry. Every soup kitchen could have fresh produce, but it could go beyond that to a sort of delivery thing like when people sign up with a co-op to have a weekly basket of produce delivered. I'm sure some would protest that they're not getting the good stuff and are being treated as second class, but it beats no stuff.
I'm new to accubattery myself but I look at two things. On the first tab, "charging", the bottom item is the battery capacity estimate, which is based on the current charge. Mine says the design capacity is 3000mAh and that mine's estimated capacity is 2707mAh. It's been like that from the start for me, and I don't know why it's not the fully 3000, maybe it's old or the thing is calibrated right - who knows. Then on the third tab, "health" the top item is called Battery health. That's supposed to be a measure of how much capacity the battery has lost over time due to all the charging and discharging sessions it's been through. Mine says, again, 3k design capacity, but 2612mAh estimated capacity. 

I can't remember if I tried accubattery on my original depleted battery. That would have been a handy comparison. Presumably it was much lower. One of the issues though is there seems to be an unreliable relationship between the battery's actual health or charge at any given moment and how that displays via the phone's and apps' various readings. If the phone's meter says 40% (in the case of the original battery that's on its last legs), and the thing conks out black, meaning it didn't really have that much juice, then the phone's battery juice display is a useless and unreliable measurement. So how does that apply when it comes to accubattery? Would it show accurate info too? Is the whole point of its measurements to get around this issue by measuring actual life in a charge cycle instead of displayed life? Dunno. 
Forget the sauce people then - it seems like the point otherwise stands. Throwing away perfectly good vegetables? There's got to be a use for them. I mean, a balancing element for compost that would otherwise be too alkaline, burn 'em dried as biomass, surely there's something. Economics tends to answer a lot of questions automatically, because farmers wouldn't throw away something they can sell, so maybe there just isn't a great alternate use yet that is also profitable, but it seems like a big opportunity if not.
The dentists to ask if I use an electric toothbrush because apparently it makes a noticeable difference, but I'm sure genetics plays a role as well. My main point was that for a guy with good teeth, it was particularly glaring to have a dentist try to tell me my mouth was a mess, yet have dentists before and since tell me things looked great, even after a five-year gap of no cleanings. Turdball, that one guy.
Founders Krazy Butt Stout

Prairie's Toilet Bomb!

Mornin' Delight (Ahhhhhh variant)
As a kid I had cavities once in a while but as an adult I had always had great teeth. And then when I got a new job and had new insurance I had to pick a new dentist. So I did and the guy told me I needed a full mouth debridement and would have to come in every three months due to the poor condition of all my shit. This sounded so off, so I just took a pass on the debridement and did not sign up for any more appointments. The next time I was due for a cleaning I went to a new dentist , and they said "your teeth look great". Fuck that other guy! And his hygienist had also told me that I needed to be using this new kind of electric toothbrush that they happen to be selling that cost like $120 and had black bristles. Again, very weird feeling and just skipped it. If we had had Yelp back then I would've roasted those motherfuckers as huckster charlatans.

I later moved to another state for work and this time had no dental insurance and just never got around to setting up a new dentist for a visit. I went five years without going to the dentist, and then finally just got around to it because I figured I was being really stupid.  After the dentist had look at my teeth she said "your teeth look great". So again, fuck that one guy! 

I just use one of those Oral-B Braun electric toothbrushes and floss almost never. Must be a good toothbrush.

It's weird, we seem to think doctors and other medical people are in this sort of untouchable honorable class of people, but they can be shitty motherfuckers just like anybody. 

I think this person is catching unnecessary flak here. Think of how helpful this will be for all the people searching for stuff under #year, just for starters.
Too many mousechickenduckdogs
I made cauliflower rice sushi once. It was okay. I would want to tweak it. But you can Google cauliflower rice sushi, or sticky cauliflower rice sushi and get a range of techniques.
Too firm, not ripe. Too squishy, overripe. Find the happy medium and remember it and you will not go home with bad avocados again.
Where George Michael has laid out some towels for them
Dublin, Dundee, Humberside.
Yeah like if you're a tomato farm why wouldn't you sell the weird shaped ones to the tomato sauce people?
Literally anything bonky in the opaque water of the ocean you are swimming in. It is definitely a shark and you're about to die.
I'd like to have Darren take a look at this cyst of mine. Is it deep enough to have it looked at?
It's a psychic level that Darren employs using the power of his mind. He taps into the nether realm for assistance with various measurements.
I kept trying to see what was going to happen to that guy
I've got one just for goblins
John Loveless  
Veronica Byers   
Kelvin Nealy   
Jane Hicks  
Justin Sudkidees
Yeah I loved Garth and Kat riffing off each other.
Heyyy heyyy, dis is America baby, landa da the free, survival of da fittest. We doin' business heah. Nobody gotta know. Park somewheres else, see, wear a hat, sell it off, creep away. Security camera tracks you, don't matta. Kids get busted, they ask 'em where dey got da booze, kids say some random guy in da lot, it don't gotta come down on you. And now you're $25 da richa. Look out Chili's, you gonna get wrecked. 
https://imgur.com/HugJyii
Having my entitlement bubble popped and finally being able to see how the world really works. You can't see that you're in it when you're in it, and anyone who tries to tell you so just comes off as an asshole who doesn't understand. The only cure is life. For me, and for lots of people, it takes so much longer than you'd think, an embarrassingly long time into adulthood once it happens and you realize how long it took. But it's the thing. It's the difference. So much injustice, so many villains, so much disappointment evaporates suddenly when you realize that you were never entitled to anything. Now you can just get focused and get busy building what you want, not waiting for anyone else to do something that you want or need. It's great. 
"See what we do is, we recruit California into this thing, and staple on Nevada, and *then* we ask Texas to line up."
Gotta get all them [typewriters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3tgrEvpPck) fitted first.
Xi, not right now, buddy. It's a bad time for this. There's a guy who'd love to take you up on Cold War II: Thermonuclear Bugaloo
With apologies of irony to our vegan lord and savior, for me these songs are like eating a hamburger with no actual burger in it. bun, lettuce, tomato, condiments. Unsatisfying, empty, and pointless. Lay some tracks down on them thangs, Mozzer. Don't leave us hanging, bro.
Enough years ago for inflation to really magnify this, my late middle school friends and I scraped together $20 to buy a half-full half liter of vodka from some sketchy guys behind the burger king. Kids are stupid! Rob them!