I don't have the turbo version, and my Forester doesn't do those fake shifts, it acts like an actual CVT and is far better.  Fake shifts make it slower and less efficient. They're there for marketing. I wish I could turn them off on my Impreza. 
Yuck!! My '15 Forester doesn't do stupid fake shifts and it's so much better than my '15 Impreza that does. Every time my Impreza does a fake shift out of its power band and slows down, it sucks. 
Why's that?
Glad I don't feel as old as you guys seem to yet. :-)
Offense isn’t quite the right word, just pointing out the silliness of the tendency to write off older people so easily.  When you’re in your early 20s, 50 and especialy 60 sounds ancient, but the closer you get to it the more you realize that you probably still have more years left than the people writing you off have lived.
Thanks for writing off so many of my ultra-liberal peers.  I strongly suspect that your perspective on age will change when you get older.

BTW, I know far too many 20 somethings (in my family, peers of my children, etc) who are on team Trump.
59 may seem old to some of you, but most 59yo people will survive an entire two term presidency. 
Enjoy!!!

Here's a few pictures of adventures that my MY15 went on days after coming home, way back in June 2014, before it even got its license plates. 

https://imgur.com/a/xYrnjEa/
Here's a few use cases where you wouldn't want to pick up the phone: 

Driving, phone in cradle, need to open maps app. Hands free can request it, but you still have to unlock. I can do that now without looking, and without fumbling around behind the phone. 

At work, phone on desk, notification comes in, set to not show the notification contents while locked (increased privacy). I can touch the sensor with my finger and see the notification quickly to determine its importance without interrupting my workflow, having to pick up the phone every time would be very disruptive. 
Depending where you live, 3%ers can be comfortable, but not "rich" by the colloquial definition. 
That's awesome, thanks. :)
Feature request:

I'd love to be able to trim the end of a workout when I forget to stop the app on time and end up driving a few miles and messing up my stats. 
Just be careful not to misidentify it:

http://foragedfoodie.blogspot.com/2015/11/purslane.html
He lives in San Jose and thinks that?  The other day it took me well more than 20 minutes to travel just 2.5 miles in Fremont (just north of SJ for those who don’t know the bay).  I was so wishing I’d have just walked that morning as it would have been just as fast in the evening.
Ours was fine until the car started moving, then dove as quickly as possible for the floorboards and under the driver seat.  Luckily I’d not yet left the parking lot.  No more car rides for him.
Depends on your lifestyle. I frequently find myself in areas that are the extended network when hiking, kayaking, etc. So, it's not true to say the same exact coverage. 
Not the same exact coverage. Same where Verizon has their own towers, but doesn't include their roaming partners ("extended network"), so a lot of rural areas would not get coverage. 
I wondered about tiny fractures.  I have managed to kick a few things (generally rocks on severe hikes when I get tired and pay less attention), though nothing recently that I can remember.
10+?  You're scaring me! Luckily it's been better today, so hopefully it was just some invisible bit of metal or glass stuck in the toe.
I thought that was more like a pebble under the ball of the foot, which I had a long time ago for a few months when I first started out, and has long since gone away.
I did a glucose test a few years ago and it was normal, and my fasting levels area always normal -- I don't even remember why I did the more detailed test, but it wasn't for any symptoms.   

But, good warning on the foot injuries.
Known bug, force force close and restart. It's supposedly fixed in the next release. 
Easy, I don't (when I'm in charge):

https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/c-coding-standards/0321113586/ch01.html

Standardizing line lengths, etc, and sticking to hard and fast rules is dumb, IMO as it means code is wrapped at arbitrary places, etc. Judicious violation of the rules can greatly improve readability. Alignment of similar statements can improve contextual information and make it easier to spot bugs, but then somebody runs an autoformatter and makes carefully crafted code harder to read, which drives me nuts. 
Crazy idea time: 

When collapsing an auto moderator comment for the first time, the app <optionally> asks if you always want THAT one collapsed. If yes (or asking is disabled), then the contents of the comment are hashed and added to a list (LRU expiration to keep size in control?). Whenever displaying a thread, check all auto moderator comments against the list of hashes. 

This lets people collapse the annoying ones, but if they change, then they're seen at least once. 
2000 is some far distant year, right? Right?!?
...younger than my daughter
The orange terminals were "amber", and amber was far superior to green, and those who prefer green were just wrong. 

(The amber vs green wars were as violent as the vim vs emacs war is now, and are still being fought in the memories of the survivors)
Both my Forester and Impreza have done that since brand new.  It's the serpentine belt. 
Interesting that you mentioned the poop... I don't think I've ever stepped in anything unsavory while barefoot, neither poop, nor gum, nor otherwise.
That's too bad. Mine is absolutely wonderful and I really enjoy using it. 
How many times did she soil the lid after you started closing it?


I bet we're more likely to do this even on less severe terrain, given that we need to be more acutely aware of where our feet land.
Wow, that sounds like a bad oversight if the adapter was missing.  They were on the same card, so if you found the tip, then that's a QC oversight on the part of Apple that is on a level I've never seen.
That seems to contradict what is said on the settings page:

https://i.imgur.com/OtRaocZ.jpg 

I have it set to not allow incoming calls, even when unlocked.  I can kind of understand that WiFi calls might be treated differently (though shouldn’t be), but one of the calls that I received was a FaceTime call.

I guess I could set calls to notify as banners, but unfortuantely that’s less convenient for day to day use, and an unfortunate thing to have to do for the sake of not being interrupted during a meeting.
The adapter was on a piece of cardboard, along with the extra tip. The cardboard was in the sleeve with the documentation that you probably didn't read. :)
Thanks for the detailed explanation, that makes sense. So far, I like the feedback. 
My arches used to be EXTREMELY flat... I couldn’t wear shoes with any support or my feet would scream with pain.  

I now have extremely pronounced and visible arches, and if I walk on wet asphault and then cross over to a dry spot I see just the toes, ball of my foot, and my heel with a very thin connecting strip between them.

That’s my story, but you have to judge whether barefooting can help. :-)
I walked through a patch of those about a month ago, knowingly. I was warned, but I needed to get to the dumpster, so I just went for it.  It wasn’t too bad, but I did have to knock a few off each foot after getting back to a safe place, and did have a few stickers to dig out the next day — I only removed the ones that hurt, the others eventually found their own way out.
Ah, that makes more sense — yeah, that person was a bit of an idiot — I chose not to play into their game and didn’t bother replying.
Thanks.  Allow calls from is set to nobody, and repeated calls is on, but I know that neither of them called twice as my phone was not on DND.  (I only had the iPad on DND to prevent the calls from interrupting my session, my phone and watch were on silent, as always)
What?  Context?  You've not posted anywhere else in this thread, unless you used a different username.
I work with medical device software, and have spent a lot of time reading that standard (and going to meetings where it’s defined).
Ah, that’s interesting, an aspect I’m unfamiliar with.  I’m more familiar with the use of CT in planning/visualization software, where the patient orientation is a bit more obvious and the scanner can fill in more details.
I've never heard anybody call it fake \(other than maybe accusing an individual here and there of faking, and even I've felt like some were faking, such as the YouTube 'Tourettes Guy'\).  Where did you hear that?
They might still prefer to use those tags.  Even digital images aren't guaranteed to have the patient orientation information.  Here's the section of the DICOM standard (that specifies the format for medical device images for interchange) that specifies the orientation.

http://dicom.nema.org/medical/dicom/current/output/chtml/part03/sect_C.7.6.html#sect_C.7.6.1.1.1

It would seem like that's enough information, but in the 'module' where that's specified there's a column "type", where it's 2C, which means that even if it's required to be there (conditionally), it can be blank:

http://dicom.nema.org/medical/dicom/current/output/chtml/part03/sect_C.7.6.html#sect_C.7.6.1

I'm more familiar with CT, MR, and US images, but I looked a little bit and it doesn't look like DX (digital xray) images have any other field that is required.
I suspect that it's also a matter of something like repetitive strain.  On perfectly flat cement you're always walking exactly the same -- every step is identical, no need to flex the foot at all.  When walking on any natural surface you'll be flexing your foot to deal with imperfections in the surface, so the foot is using its flexibility.
Yeah. Almost ordered that within minutes of getting the pencil, but decided to wait to make sure I'm keeping it.
Good point!  I didn't think of that consequence of losing the adapter.  (Edit: though I wish it would pair like the Airpods, just be close and tap)

My main thought about a drawback was accessibility, being potentially hard to grasp and pull for some people. 
Not an artist, that's part of why I bought the pencil, to practice drawing. :)
It's the same number of parts as the existing design, just that the adapter is integrated. 

It would look exactly the same when assembled. 

Yes, I guess I could see the adapter coming off in the iPad. That wouldn't bother me.  I'd probably only use it that way if I had no cable (almost never)

It seems equally elegant, and others seem to agree.  The existing solution isn't elegant either... Pencil hanging out of the bottom of the iPad waiting to be broken?!?
Care to elaborate?
It's the same number of components, just with my design there's a way to carry the adapter. The existing design requires carying the adapter separately, making it easier to lose and leaving iPad charging as the only way to charge it. 
Because then you lose the current benefit of being able to charge from the iPad. 
Your first paragraph is basically exactly what my picture is proposing. 
Given that I hate to charge dangling a long lever off of my iPad, in my view there's already an extra part to lose, with no way to carry it. 
Awww, thanks. :)
Instead of having a separate female to female adapter that is loose and easy to lose, they should have made the adapter male to male and the pencil have a female port and the cap have a dummy port slot.  That way you could charge the pencil with a cable, with no adapter, always have an adapter with you if you wanted to charge from the iPad, and the cap would stay on better since it would fit tightly with the lightning plug rather than a magnetic attachment. 
Other than the fact that nobody writes Edge extensions, how is that any different than the Chrome App Store?  IIRC Chrome can only install extensions from its own App Store as well.  He does not have developer mode turned on.
Is that what that stuff is called?  I took a picture of some the other day because it kept rubbing on my shins and upper feet on these narrows trails I was walking on and felt almost like nettle.

https://imgur.com/a/IFdKR
Unless...

Instead of a female to female adapter, if the adapter were a male to male adapter, which could be plugged into the pencil (and stay tightly) or the cap (and stay tightly), then they wouldn’t need the magnetic attachment, it’d be harder to lose the cap, you’d always have the adapter with you, and could charge either with a cable (leaving the adapter in the cap) or with the iPad (leaving the adapter in the pencil). 

I’ve only had my pencil for a few hours and already wish this were the difference...
I’m familiar with that, I use GSuite for my business email hosting, and I’ve seen the option to manage devices.  Looks much better than the Family Link stuff others have recommended, but it does cost.

It looks like it’s a minimum of $10/mo though, because I have to have account for myself, right?    (I want to keep it separate from my business domain)

Moreover, it looks like he cannot use his existiing gmail address... which means if he opened gmail in Chrome it’d default to the domain account, meaning that he’d have YET ANOTHER email address, and then he’d be confused about why or not even notice that he’s using the wrong account... (he’s already signed up for every free email service that he can find and has far too many email addresses).

Am I incorrect about any of those concerns? 
Yep.  I’ve tried and tried to tell him “do not install anything, do not accept anything that wants to make changes, do not...”  He either says he didn’t know he installed anything or that he was told that he had to to see something that he wanted to see.  I need to sit and watch him browse for a day to see where this stuff is coming from, because I’ve never ever encountered any such thing (or I’m so oblivious to it because it’s obviously bad that I instinctively ignore it).  I mean, I used to run Windows w/o a virus scanner (when required for work, NEVER use Windows for personal use! haha) and whenever I’d run a manual scan it would come up clean, so he’s doing something.
He'd break that too. He allowed Comcast to upgrade his modem and router, and their tech broke his entire network setup, so I had to reconfigure his printer, Chromecast, etc.

"They said it'd be faster!!"

No!!! You didn't need more DOCIS channels, the modem you had was just fine, and so was the router... Don't touch!!! Don't let other people touch!!!

I tell you, it's impressive.
I posted it there first, but got no traction (0 votes, zero comments), so I posted it here. :)
The problem is that new sources are always showing up. I doubt that a blacklist is going to be able to be updated fast enough. He needs to finally learn to stop installing crap. I tell him over and over that he should never need to install anything, and to call if he thinks he's found an exception, but no, he blithely continues. 
Yes, and that's why he's no longer on Windows. The levels of fuckery cannot go quite as deep in ChromeOS, so it's at least easier to clean up after him. Windows was soul crushing. Linux was easier, and so far ChromeOS is the easiest. 

Moreover, he cannot run stray exe files. 
Be careful with that broad brush, buddy. I have to support my adult and teen children's computer issues too.  My teen-ager often tells me that he's glad that he doesn't have to help me copy and paste like all of his friends. :) 

Having the dad who writes software for a living and knows way more about computers might be intimidating to them, but the tables are turned. :)
I do that now and then, but you can't keep up with a guy who has multiple Facebook accounts and didn't even realize it. :)
I considered that, but he's in his 80s and has bad vision, so he needs a bigger monitor. Also, I have a whole collection of stories about how he can f-up a phone. :)  Icons moved to where he cannot find them and uninstalling apps are a guaranteed minimum. 
Often his messups are synced. They'd just get reinstalled. 
So was ChromeOS. 
I haven't seen any signs of that, don't think that he knows about private browsing, and he keeps the computer in the most public part of the house. Doubt it's that. 
Yes!  I hear that from him a lot. It always doubles or triples the effort vs if he'd just call me first. 
No, the extensions are synced. They'd be back once he logged back in. Also, the problem last night with disabling extensions was synced and "broke" his old Linux laptop too. 
Thanks, I'll look into it. 
If only it were so easy. First, it doesn't block everything, and like I said, last night he'd somehow managed to disable ALL of his extensions. 
I considered that, but his vision in his 80s isn't so great and he needs a bigger monitor.  Moreover, I have a whole collection of stories of new and creative ways that a person can f-up a phone, so an iPad wouldn't be any better. :) Uninstalling apps and moving icons so that he cannot find them is inevitable, at best. 
I missed the first clause there and was skipping around the video looking for the bare feet...
Luckily he hasn't changed that one. :-)
Oh, I have a few anti-tracking anti-ad extensions installed.
Hey brother Edd! :-)
... as for which extensions, I have no idea; I delete them as fast as I see them.  I occasionally add a profile to chrome w/ his Google account and clean it up so that the sync settings will remove them from his system as well, but every time I go there there's at least 10 more to remove.
Managed account... interesting idea.  I'd have to look into that.  I know I can do that with my Google business account, not sure about personal accounts.  Is there an "elderly parents" option? :-)
That looks like some scary-hot sauce!
Thanks for letting us know, you're clearly a more informed legal expert than Mueller's team.


> And now that we have crock pot liners, it's even easier.

Ugh, cooking in plastic?  No thanks!  I'd even be a bit concerned that it might be important to check the old stoneware for lead -- not sure if that's a concern like old ceramic or not.
The feeling of the cool soft mud is the most amazing thing there is.  Some parts of the trail were mostly dry, some were wet with a few cm of standing or running water, a beautiful day for a hike.
The thing is, a track stand isn't standing still, it's rocking back and forth to retain your balance over one spot -- somebody very skilled at a track stand might appear to be almost stationary, but most people rock quite visibly.  I'm actually impressed that the car detected such small forward motions and responded to them.  I don't do them because I find that they even confuse human drivers and just slow my progress.
I'm a remote worker who spends a bit of time working in coffee shops, one a few blocks away from a university.  I sometime want to gouge my ears out when they sit at the next table over -- couldn't imagine dating them.

I've found the same. They need to be reset about once per month. Then they work great for a while again. 
Isn't that the ratio in the MacBook?
Before you hate your husband after those other responses, some of us truly are oblivious. :)
White tungsten carbide, less than $20, can't tell it from white gold other than the lack of scratches that gold is prone to.
Oh, so edgy!
I suspect it's more of an exponentiation than multiplication.
In a large crowd, how many people can you kill without being subdued with a box cutter?  How many can you kill with a 9mm w/ mag?  How about an AR15?  Clearly there's a rather large matter of scale of harm here, your argument is an attempt at obfuscation.
Sometimes I wonder if creating these concepts makes it less likely that they'll be implemented as Apple wouldn't want somebody claiming that their ideas were stollen.
But there's no harm in "responsible gun owners" having guns!

^^^^/s
I considered that, but cannot imagine how it'd hold up after being pounded, and how it'd eventuality smooth out. 
I tried that a few days ago, can't get the loose end to stay down.  I'm wondering if they do something to make it stay closed.
Yes, I hope the developer doesn't become demotivated by all of the negativity.  I find the app to be near perfect already, it does everything I need, and more, and I'm happy to continue to wait for the next release.
I'm not sure I see the utility of this app.  I have a suitcase, same one that I've been using for about 15 years, will probably use it for another 10 or more. I don't expect it to grow.  How often are people buying new bags?
Which is why I'm asking for help getting a copy. I've found other versions online, but not that one. 
Yikes, looks like you'll be wanting side airbags next time!  Glad you're OK!
We call them 'nose trumpets'.
Why don't they, and what's the drama?
I've only encountered one, in either Toronto or Quebec (don't remember which) and it had urinals.  I don't see the problem with that either.
Yeah, it's probably dealer dependent.  The dealership here is ~1 mile away, an easy walk, and they provide free shuttle if I want to go somewhere, or donuts and coffee if I want to stay.  There's always a coupon that makes them equivalent to Jiffy Lube or similar, and I have more confidence that they know the difference between the CVT and engine drain plugs.  I've always had great service from them.  Before I lived close enough to the dealership I went to a private mechanic next to my office, which also cost about the same, and meant that I had a good relationship with him such that whenever I needed something he was always quick to take good care of it.  Very convenient too, I'd drop in before work, ask if he had time, and then just walk next door saying I'd be back before the day was over.  It's worth building those types of relationships rather than always seeking the rock bottom price, in the end it's cheaper.
I find it interesting that that's a problem.  I live in California (I know, foreigner on your subreddit. :-) ) and we have signs on most bathrooms that say that a caregiver of the opposite sex can accompany  the person that they're assisting; and we've had those signs for as long as I can remember.
Oh, and BTW, a navigation system that shows you the map and where you are on it is NOT useless, even without it calculating the route.  Some of us are old enough to remember back when we used to figure out where we were on a paper map, without help, and then read it to figure out how to get from where we are to where we want to be.  Believe it or not, that's possible on a phone screen too, with or without GPS.
Supplement (as in aGPS) to speed up the initial location determination, but don't require it (anymore).  When I got off the plane in Madrid a few years ago it took my standalone GPS almost 30 minutes to figure out where I was, thus the use of towers if available.

And there are apps that can do offline routing and tracking.
Narrower valve means smaller hole in rim, valve without spring means less resistance to adding air so it's easier to pump by hand, externally threaded stem means that the valve can be held in place when the tube is empty, non recessed valve opening means that the valve stays clean even without a separate cap.  Seems like a lot of reasons to not use the same kind of valve as a car.  I FAR prefer Presta valves and put sleeve adapters in my rims that are drilled for Schrader valves.  As for pumps, all of my pumps have hybrid heads that fit over either type of valve without having to have two holes, just press them on and they work.  (except for my frame pumps, which you have to unscrew and flip, but they stay with the bike, so they can stay set for whichever valve type that bike has).
OK, second response to you... now you're just making shit up.  Every smartphone made in the last decade has GPS capability; most have GLONASS capability; and some are starting to support QZSS, Galileo, and BeiDou too.
Some older phones required aGPS, but most modern phones can work without the assistance of initial positioning from the tower.  I know that my iPhone 7 can locate without a cellular signal, I've done it.  Same with my Apple Watch, which locates just fine to downloaded maps without my phone anywhere nearby, and it doesn't have a cellular radio to use for aGPS.
I live where I can go barefoot all year. :-P
Double, Triple, Quadruple agree with the people who say not to let them touch it, make them flat-bed trailer it to the dealership and get it done right!!! CVTs require very special care and cost a LOT to replace!!!  Even the dealership doesn't drain them, considering them sealed units, unless they experience very severe service.

EDIT:  By the way, I don't know about where you live, but I've found that getting routine service at my local dealership costs almost exactly the same as any of the quick places except for the sketchy ones.  I just let my dealership do all of my maintenance, and they wash it too.
If he's suffering symptoms, and they're improving, that's great, but you might want to read this and consider it -- what's right for you? Only you can decide:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hygiene_hypothesis
My series 2 (almost 1.5 yrs old) stays well and sufficiently charged with just charging while I'm getting ready for the day in the morning and ready for bed in the evening.  Every once in a while I let it stay on the charger a bit longer while I ready before sleeping if I've tracked an all-day hike or something.

OLED suffers burn-in, probably wouldn't be a good idea.
Makes the fans on my MacBook run like crazy, and I really miss vimperator.  I've been sticking with firefox-esr for now.
Looks like they need to go out and fix the paint too given how many lane assist cars are on the road now.

I think right near the end where she says her final signoff and starts waving. It's definitely awkward at best. 
I think right near the end where she says her final signoff and starts waving. It's definitely awkward at best. 
Like everything else that televangelists do, so it's all good. 
I didn't suggest that it was.  I was pointing out that it doesn't happen on all mobile browsers and was curious which one it was that caused the problem.
Now it's time for the US to also discontinue the penny. 
Depends on the car. My 2005 Subaru Outback would burn out bulbs so often that I'd always carry a spare. Luckily my newer Subarus don't do that. 
I didn't get that. Which mobile browser? 

I'm using the third party Reddit app 'Apollo', which I'm fairly sure uses the new safari web view (I'm not an iOS developer, but I recall reading there were two different safari views apps can use, all browsers on iOS have to use safari for rendering). 

Maybe it was a temporary server hiccup? They probably didn't handle that error path as they didn't expect to ever see it. 
I thought I saw a post recently about the Tile app negatively interacting with the Airpods.  Have you had any such problems?
It looks like the inner space between the rolls is empty.  Better would be to pick the lock, remove the bottom roll, flip it the correct way, then feed it from behind, solving two problems -- making it at a more accessible height, yet it's still correct if somebody undoes your handywork.
Let's redact the serial number, but not the barcode that probably contains the serial number. 

If Tesla cares, they know who shared the pics. 
The guy lived 40 min away from the Tesla factory (off-peak-traffic), I’m sure they could have pulled the data.
How many of you can fit inside?
That's a harsh punishment, geez.  Remind me never to cross your coworker nor her husband!
Not safe for lithium-batteries?
Isn't that their complaint? It's not working correctly is exactly what /u/whole5ome  was saying. 
Strange, I can't get it to work, even though I'm familiar with the gesture from Google Maps. 
Unfortunately it's in a public github repo, so sharing it would basically dox me here on reddit... hmmm...

"Yes ma'am, I know I'm only a podiatrist and that you're here for an ingrown toenail, but you must answer the question."

EDIT: the article says "whether she previously had an abortion that is in any way connected to the ailment." Depending how loosely that's defined it's kind of scary for doctors. 
That's how Alien Blue died. 
It's 1355 lines long, paired with a 36 line .gvimrc file, and a 26 line .vimrc_host (on this computer) that I load from the main .vimrc (I refactored out the host specific stuff so make it easier to manage in git), and a collection of project specific files that one of my functions loads when I select the current project.

I use very few plugins, I've written a lot of the file and merged in stuff that a friend wrote in his.  It gets refactored on a regular basis, but I have to admit that there are a few lines that I don't even know what they're for (it's documented, but some things aren't fully documented), but since they've been there so long "that's how vim works" in my mind.
Is your name Ferris?
Your distinction is a bit pedantic, and I'm old enough to remember vi on real UNIX systems before vim, and even line editors. 

The distinction that I'm making is that none of the vim modes work with my very customized .vimrc that's almost 20 years old and they're all missing some command or another that I use regularly. Evil mode in emacs is also extremely different and not a true replacement. 
I'm glad that my '15 Forester didn't come with the spoiler... on my '05 Outback the spoiler prevented me from opening the hatch with kayaks on the roof, but on the Forester I can open the hatch until it touches the kayak and get a usable opening without fear of breaking the weaker spoiler.
Not the same.  No fake vim implementation is the same.
I imagine it would feel something like this:  

https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=hummigbird+praying+mantis
When I realized that the smoke seasoning was seasonal I stocked up when they finally came back.  I may have a few too many now. :-)
Wow, that beats my daily record!! 

https://i.imgur.com/KkqhMkA.jpg
I have to ask... what purpose does the binder clip serve under the hood?
Have you ever heard of binning?  Parts are often binned based on how they pass QC, with the best parts costing slightly more for the same specs.  Apple tends to use parts from better bins than budget laptops.  Moreover, laptops in the price range that you're comparing often have plastic bodies, lower contrast/color correctness in their monitors, smaller batteries, slower SSDs, worse trackpads, poor customer support, etc, etc.  

If you compare other premium laptops like the Dell XPS 13 you find that the price difference is not that much.  My Thinkpad cost about the same as my MacBook, and the MacBook has a better screen, trackpad, and battery.
Comparing hardware of similar quality, it is not twice as expensive -- the price premium is actually quite small if you compare like for like.
> I also red that macOS is more UNIX than Linux, but I honestly don't know why.

MacOS has been called more UNIX than Linux because it is registered as complying with the standard:

http://www.opengroup.org/unix

Thus, it is an actual UNIX OS:

https://www.opengroup.org/openbrand/register/

Linux has historically not been certified as such, but I believe that recently at least one distro has been certified.
And you blew your first such experience on Frank's Red Hot?  :-)

Not a fan of vinegary hot sauces, but I've been tempted by that 64oz Chipotle Cholula with pump dispenser that I discovered the other day.  :-)
I know I'm breaking your chain of puns, but I'm reminded of the first time I saw the Trader Joe's guacamole which has the name "Avacado's Number", and I just had to buy it for the geek reference.

https://www.traderjoes.com/TJ_CMS_Content/Images/fearless-flyer/uploads/article-2895/65355-avacados-number-guacamole.jpg
Nope, too busy riding to keep it perfect. 
You mean it was perfect until you pulled it out and fucked it up? Fess up, buddy, don't blame the cat. :)
Depends how old you are when you buy it.  If I buy something now that lasts me 40 years I will have passed the life expectancy for males in the US (that said, that's a skewed measure and I'll hopefully get a few more years than that).
I imagine 4x4 drivers stuck in mud yelling "microbots, deploy!"

Yeah, I'm weird.
Years and years ago I used to have an eBook application on my Palm PDA that had continuous scroll, and auto scroll. You could change the speed using the up and down arrows on the front. Best feature ever!!  It helped me read faster too. I wish they'd implement that.   Otherwise I'll probably stick with the page based UI. 
Wouldn't DND mode be better for that purpose?
To be fair, when JC Penny admitted that those were their normal everyday prices they almost went out of business.  Now that they're pretending that they're sale prices, they're doing a bit better.  It's the fault of stupid consumers who buy buy buy things that they don't need.  (admittedly, some of those stores would go away if everybody consumed just what they need, but that's not necessarily a bad thing)
Agreed, it's all about me.
6 cm.

Either that, or the ants are scary large and somebody decided to divide inches into 10ths rather than the normal 16ths.
It's an addiction, but someday you'll find that the high of 454 m/1491 ft just isn't enough and you'll be seeking more extreme highs.  The tolerance builds and next thing you know you'll be doing 2750 m/9000 ft and looking for the next high.  Be careful, man. 
Nothing to start a #gate over?!?!  THIS IS CLEARLY A CONSPIRACY BETWEEN THE NSA AND APPLE!
This, or reader view, bypass a lot of paywall and adblocker pop-ups too. 
Thank you for not using a collar that cuts off his air supply. I hate seeing dogs hack and cough because their collar is choking them. 

EDIT:  Downvotes?  Really?  People are upset that OP isn't choking the dog?
Yep, and then I worry that they look faked... haha

Worse, if I see somebody else ticcing, it makes my tics worse, and then I worry that they'll think I'm copying them if they didn't notice me ticcing before.
I heard it more when I was younger -- the frequency has gone to near zero as a middle-aged adult though.  May I ask how old you are?

It was particularly bad when I was young and had no name for it, no idea what it was.  People would copy me, try to draw my attention to it, etc, thinking that I'd stop if they taunted me enough.
Thank you so much for posting this video!  Even though I've been reading about TS for over two decades to better understand I still learned a lot and it explains so much about my childhood.  How I wish she'd been my teacher rather than the ones who put me in detention every day, sent me to the special ed classes, or put my desk in the coat closet.

EDIT:  I posted before finishing the video, about 41 minutes in... seconds after posting that I heard her say that she was told to put kids in the closet!!
I remember watching movies at the El Ray in the 80s and early 90s.  I remember a fire behind the marquee in 2002 (July 25, to be exact).  The irony was that the movie being advertised was "Road to Perdition".

https://i.imgur.com/LaximF8.jpg

I sure hope that no unnecessary risk was taken and that the shavette didn't have blade in it, but pausing the video it looks like it actually did.

(then again, when I was 8 or so my barber did edge my hair with a real straight razor [not a disposable], back when they were still allowed)
I'm both, a person with TS, and a parent of a son with TS.  Do you have any specific questions?  I wouldn't even know where to start with such a broad query. :-)
How did you fare?  What happened? Did you end up staying or going?
haha.... I didn't know that they came in such colors.  I only found out about colors other than white today by seeing them on JetPens, don't remember seeing those colors there.
I hope not, because black licorice is the best!
I wouldn’t describe it as “really wet”.  It’s wetter and slightly wider than a Metropolitan M, but not a page soaker.  The Metropolitan was my favorite pen for a long time, but is a bit dry for my current prefernces, which I think is part of the reason why I’m enjoying this one so much.

https://i.imgur.com/9Onc1Gp.jpg

In this pic, the Pilot has either Noodler’s Black or Parker Quink (I forget, which I think the latter) and the paper is just Staples multipurpose 96/20.
I kept seeing this pen at Staples for ~$20 and finally gave in and bought it a few weeks ago.  So far it has been surprisingly nice and I've found myself using it quite a bit more than I ever expected.  In fact, I find that it writes better than some of my Pilot Metropolitan pens do.  I find the grip to be very comfortable, and the balance when posted is good.  A bit lighter than I'm accustomed to, but that hasn't been a drawback at all.  So far, zero skips, no railroading, no false starts -- it has written perfectly every time.

So far I've only used the included (rather large) cartridge.  It's almost gone, so I'll have to figure out where to go from there.  It doesn't come with a  converter, so I'll either put some Waterman carts (which I've heard fit it) or use one of my Jinhao converters (if they fit) to use bottled ink.
Three weeks, one developer... do you develop software?  

There are some bugs that can take three weeks to figure out by themselves!  At my work I was assigned a bug (intermittent crash) that appeared to be in my code, but I was certain that it wasn't.  Took almost 3 weeks and 3 developers to finally track it down to a bug in the 3rd party GUI framework.  This stuff takes time.
At the same time, for an initial release it's already notably better than the alternatives, and already does everything I need good enough that I honestly don't care about the few remaining bugs/missing features -- I could use this version indefinitely.
I searched the table, hope I didn't miss anything, but I think I found a new bug:

If your receive a PM, the new message count indicator on the inbox button on the bottom navigation strip doesn't go away after after reading and replying to the PM.
Like /u/bareft_azn I'm in Northern CA and can go barefoot year-round.  I get a lot of comments about it being too cold in the winter (it seldom goes much below freezing, but comes close fairly regularly), and a lot of comments about the heat of the asphalt in the summer (average high is 34.5C/94F for two months, MUCH hotter on some days), but it really doesn't matter what time of year, somebody has an interjection to share.  :-)
You might consider asking your question here:

https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/large-bicycles

I personally bought a Rivendell frame because he makes some really big bikes, up to 72cm frame size.
Adding another voice, I personally wouldn't care.
Haha... my forehead literally started sweating when watching you pour the Satan's Blood.
My collection isn't quite as impressive, but I still enjoy it... Here's a pic, minus some Dave's Insanity that I accidentally left behind recently and need to pick up soon. (The Dave's is nearly full, not a huge fan of the flavor, it's more for fun when I want to test myself)

https://i.imgur.com/iVcYebP.jpg

EDIT: Forgot the Frank's, but that's not hot-sauce, that's just vinegar...

EDIT2: How'd I forget these??

https://i.imgur.com/JS9XCdv.jpg
Ah, thanks for the clarification.  That makes sense.
Do you have the glass lid and use the slower settings? Isn't it equivalent in that case?
Where does "use pointing devices so infrequently that you don't notice for hours that you didn't take the mouse out of your backpack after getting home and plugging in to external monitor and keyboard", go? 
For me it was wanting to remove them by the wire... it passed in a few days.
I felt really stupid after I realized how the scale worked!  Great idea!
Asian Imports Garage in Rancho Cordova is great... the owner is extremely friendly and has never done unnecessary work on my car, earning my many years of trust after sending me elsewhere with no charge after saying that he though the knew what was wrong with my car, but couldn't be sure because he didn't have the specialty tool to be absolutely sure; he didn't want to just change random parts and hope that it worked, suggesting instead that I go elsewhere to get it properly diagnosed.  It turns out that his guess was correct.  

Another time he turned away a big long list of suggested repairs from the dealership, saying that they were all unnecessary.  Sure enough I later found a manufacturer TSB saying to ignore the most expensive of the 'issues'.

He has installed non-standard upgrade parts for me that I supplied.
"three A.T.M."... I wonder if he knows what the atm abbreviation even stands for, given that he spelled it out.
How is that free?  Couldn't you have applied those points toward your balance or some other thing of value that you didn't already have?
Haven't been to a university lecture in ~20 years, so no... :-)

It seems that doing that would reduce your battery life (case turns on its BT radio when opened), and reduce the life of the hinge mechanism.
That's an interesting idea.  I'm fairly sure they took some blood, but don't remember which tests they did.  Do you know which vitamin they were deficient in?  He does get his bugs dusted, alternating between a reptile specific multivite and calcium, switching it up every few days, but if he has a specific deficiency, that'd be good to know.
Agreed, but it has been tested. It kinda looks like that every time he can't shed it, but once it finally sheds it looks fine -- until the next time.  
Yes, he did a skin scraping and had it tested for fungus and parasites. 
No, you misinterpreted what /u/DryDrunkImperor was saying. 

>	I imagine that machine often asks people to kiss. It’s a shiny metal ass.

They actually forgot the period and word 'a'. 
Settings, search for control, first result is customize controls (control center)
Here's an anecdote... I'm sitting in a cafe right now, was reading, but decided to check Reddit. I have my iPhone 7 in my left hand and Kindle PW (first gen) in my right. Even with my screen at < 50% brightness and my Reddit app in dark mode, with black background, if I look away and look back at the centerline between them, the Kindle is almost imperceptible next to the iPhone which completely overpowers it in my peripheral vision. (I keep the Kindle light at the point where it just starts to look more white, but doesn't look lit). 

This is my second Kindle, my first was a Kindle 3 (later renamed Kindle Keyboard), that I bought shortly after they were released. I love it. My gf still uses my original Kindle that is about 7 or 8 years old, and mine is about 5.5 years old (ordered during the release announcement); they have great longevity. Worth every penny. 
I'm guessing that in the wild they run a bit more and go under/between branches and stuff, which probably helps scrape it off.
We've tried almost everything... nothing seems to help other than frequent bathing and some mild massage (not pulling, just soft rubbing) when it starts to get too thick.  Occasionally it gets REALLY thick and needs some more aggressive intervention, with the advice of his vet who has tested for internal and external parasites.  Sometimes the thicker areas are 5 or 6 mm thick when they're finally removed manually, especially his left shoulder.  It's the same two spots that are really bad every time (the other at the base of his tail, as can be seen in the pic), plus the general poor shedding everywhere.

He gets a bit unsettled (and turns dark black) when it's really bad, running around his cage and begging to come out and run around the house, but it'll pass, always does.

His enclosure is rather large, 2'x4' surface area, with a water container in one corner that he can bathe in as he pleases (he does), a few hides, and a grape branch to climb on.  He has a halogen bulb for heat and a 36" T5HO 10.0 for UV, so I think that his setup is good.  The UV bulb is also fairly new.  Diet is home-raised dusted dubia (given calcium fortified gel crystals for water) as his staple bugs, and collards as staple vegetables.  He gets occasional crickets and hornworms for a snack, and loves an occasional bit of tomato, banana, asparagus, etc....

He's just had problems since the day that we got him.
He gets regular baths, he's just a troublesome shedder. This was taken moments before he went in the bath and I vacuumed and scrubbed his tile.
I was just thinking about how I phrased that exact sentence, and realizing that it was poorly chosen.  You, of course, have to think about lifetime, but more in the context of your program logic than in the context of whether or not the pointer is still alive. 

As for articles, google the term RAII, there are numerous.  The basic concept is that you take advantage of C++ scope to manage the lifetime of objects.  An object on the stack?  It gets deleted when the stack is popped.  On the heap?  Whenever you delete it... so, in comes the smart pointer, a lightweight wrapper around a heap object, but this wrapper lives on the stack.

A quick-and-dirty-and-far-from-complete implementation might look like this:

     template<typename T>
     class my_pointer {
     public:
          explicit my_pointer(T* ptr) : m_ptr(ptr) {}
          ~my_pointer() { delete m_ptr; }
      private:
          T* m_ptr;
     };


OK, there's a lot of stuff that I left out of that, but it illustrates the basic idea, whereas in C or older C++ you'd see something like this:

     void foo()
     { 
          BigClass* bc = new BigClass;

          if(some_condition) { return; }
          if(some_error) { throw std::runtime_error("oops!"); }

          /* use bc */

          delete bc;
     }
    
In that example, there are two memory leaks.  With RAII, you'd do something like this:

     void foo()
     { 
           // yes, I said not to use new, more later....
           my_pointer<BigClass> bc  { new BigClass };

          if(some_condition) { return; }
          if(some_error) { throw std::runtime_error("oops!"); }

          /* use bc */
     }


OK, so now my memory leak is gone, doesn't matter how I leave the function foo.  That's the most basic description in a nutshell.  The new C++11 pointer types do a lot of that.  What I described above is the basic idea of a unique_ptr (except for the fact that unique_ptr does a lot more, like prevent copying, allow move semantics, etc), and then there are shared_ptr, which internally does reference counting and doesn't delete until there are zero references left, and weak_ptr which references the thing in a shared_ptr, but doesn't keep it alive... it must be locked to use it, which returns another shared_ptr, and thus incrementing the use count.

As for not using new?  Well, modern C++ has make_shared and make_unique, so you can do something like this:

     auto const my_shared_string = std::make_shared<std::string>("My shared string!");

I could go into much more detail, but I think that summarizes it as briefly as possible, and hopefully spurs your interest.
Basically what is being promoted by current authors and conference speakers...  But most importantly, 

-	no manual memory management
-	no raw pointers 
-	use standard containers
-	prefer standard algorithms over hand rolled loops 

There are others, but those are the biggest ones.  In modern C++ code you should never see operator new or delete being used.  With shared_ptr/weak_ptr and unique_ptr you should never have to worry about lifetime.  Yes, you can still dereference a null pointer, but you can try to use a null reference in other languages as well.

Not sure which language you consider better now, but they all have shortcomngs, and C++ has addressed the majority of those that caused real severe pain, while still retaining the power needed for bare-metal performance.  <3...2...1.... a Rust evangelist appears... :-) >
Wait... so the truck went in a mostly straight line (in the wrong lane most of the time), at low speed, with no cargo, and with no obstacles?
If you still view C++ as "Russian Roulette", I highly recommend that you look at the post C++11 changes, it's an entirely differently language if you use modern techniques.
Depends on the size of your dataset.
Any C++11 (or later) compliant standard library implementation should accept that code.
Not really hot, but Cholula Chipotle is my favorite, all around and would probably be my "only sauce" choice.  That said, I recently bought some El Yucateco Chipotle recently which has a great flavor as well.

I just wish that Cholula Chipotle was sold in the large bottles because I go through it very quickly.

EDIT:  And I just found it in 64oz size... looks like I know what I'm ordering!
Please don't take this wrong, but if you've plateaued with Sriracha you've got a LONG way to go to eat those others.  Sriracha is basically ketchup.  Just keep eating hotter and hotter, I personally just take a spoonfull of hot sauce and swish it in my mouth, increasing the quantity on the spoon until I can easily do the full spoonfull, then I move up to a hotter sauce.
Never tried hot sauce, but I love to sprinkle some cayenne in my iced tea.
The focus is on the lack of ice, but I find the fact that the second pic has a motor boat (possibly 2 cycle, even worse), while the first has a human powered boat to be striking, given the context.  
Ah, the perpetual problem with written text. Sorry I misinterpreted your response.  I've downvoted myself. :-)
A bit snarky, are we? 

You said apps, which can include 3rd party apps, and I've seen people who don't know that you don't have to have every phone app that has a watch app auto install and clutter the watch, and can choose which ones you want on the watch. 

Sorry for trying to help on an online group where people trade tips and where people often discover little details that they didn't know yet. I mean, look how many people in this thread didn't know the feature that OP was sharing. I guess we should stick to pictures of band collections and new watches on the owner's wrist. 
You mentioned elsewhere that it's a chromed steel wheel.  IMO you'd be doing the owner a favor by not saving the rim. :-)
Thanks for the input.  I've always heard good things about the Maltese, but had this idea that it would be a bit too wild for my liking, given that it has so many shows.  Maybe I've written it off too soon, I think I'll give it a shot.
You can remove apps using the watch settings app on the phone.
A home 486 would not have had an 8" drive, except for odd compatibility reasons for work, etc. They definitely wouldn't have been in the library for general consumer use. 
>	from the actual floppy floppy discs that came with a Linux book I checked out of my local library. Installed to my 486 DX2 (66mhz CPU). 

When you say "actual floppy floppy", it makes me think of 5.25" disks, but they were basically gone by the time 486 systems were common. Was it 5.25" or 3.5" disks?
Always remember, "this too shall pass"...  I have high hopes for the midterms, the special elections that have been happening have been very promising.
Been wanting to watch that ever since I heard of it, but it doesn't seem to be on any of the streaming services.  Oh well.
I often wonder how the people in the relatively small city that I live in consume the contents of one large store such as WalMart, let alone WalMart, Target, KMart, and dozens of corner drug stores, etc... maybe I wasn't so far off.
oh, maybe what /u/techguy69 said... mine automatically reconnects, tested it today.
Yikes.  That would be bad news.  Have you seen that happen before, and is that how it looked?  The AC compressor is directly in front of the MC.
2015 Forester, 50k miles, 2.5NA engine, no mods. This buildup showed up on the master cylinder recently, but I don't see any anywhere else, including the hood just above the cylinder. 

Any idea where it might be coming from?  Looks like it's directional, maybe blowing back from the front, but there's nothing in front of the MC that I can think of that would do that. 
Those don't look like the feet of somebody who goes barefoot.  Something smells here.  

Withouth thick skin pads I don't see attractive feet, I see unused and unhealthy feet, eww....
?? You hit the button again and it reconnects. Sort what from the phone?
They started making the hemp one much later than 1990.
I take the foam insert out and wash mine on a fairly regular basis.  My hat also takes a dunk in the ocean, rivers, etc, on a regular basis, so no way a picture would last that long in the pocket!

\(mine is from \~1995, and was brought up as an example of my "extravagance" at later divorce proceedings \-\- such extravagance, I'm still wearing it regularly 23 years later\)
I have mixed feelings about that, but I lean towards agreeing with you, just saying how it works here. Many places have signs saying that they "reserve the right to refuse service to anyone", though they're not as common as they were 20+ years ago. 
Trigraphs were removed in C++17.  And if that were true, we'd see them much more often -- I doubt that people are really using them, unless they're letting their editor substitute them -- have you seen a recent codebase that actually uses trigraphs?  Also, typing three characters instead of one would also be annoying!
... looking closer at your keyboard... how do software developers who work with C based languages deal with the lack of { and } on the keyboard?  That looks potentially very difficult.  Is there an easy way to get those?  What about \~?  I see it on the internal keyboard, but not the external one.  Similarly, \\ seems to be missing from the external keyboard which is important for escape sequences and Windows paths.  Some of your keys have way more symbols than one would expect, how do you work with those?

And is 1/2 really that common that you need to take a spot on the keyboard for it?
i3wm looks great on a Thinkpad screen. :\-\)
Haha... This was in my feed:

https://i.imgur.com/RIQ1TBN.jpg
Haha... This was in my feed: 

https://i.imgur.com/RIQ1TBN.jpg
If the store is private property they can ask you to leave, nothing illegal about it \(in the US\).   As long as they're not asking you to leave for being a member of a protected class \(race, gender, sexuality, etc\), then they're perfectly within their right to ask you to leave.
This opinion probably won't please OP, but I think there's some blame to go around here.  

Yes, the ultimate blame lies with the driver of the SUV, but at 0:03 the blinker did come on briefly.  I'm currently teaching a teenager to drive, and part of what I'm teaching is that defensive and *cooperative* driving includes *predicting* what people will do.  Three times in the last week I've told him something like "watch that car, they're abut to... \<do something stupid\>", and sure enough, they did.  I've told him as much as 3 seconds before it happened.  I've been teaching him to watch not only signals and macro movements, but also the minuscule hints that cars give \(slight differences in lane position, the shift of body roll just prior to starting to turn, minor weaving, signs of poor maintenance, etc\)  \-\- temporary flashes of the blinker are a huge hint \-\- they weren't sure what they wanted to do \-\- they've shown themselves to be in an unpredictable state, you should assume that they could continue straight or change langes at that point, they're confused.  Slowing down "just in case" would have made zero difference to your progress, yet could have easily prevented this entire situation.  Being "right" isn't worth it if you get in an accident, or end up just acting like an a\-hole to prove yourself.  Moreover, continuing to honk afterwards makes you the "dumb bitch".

I've known people who drive far less than I do, yet they get in an accident every year or two, but "none of them are their fault".  I've been driving longer than most reddit users have been alive and have driven 30k\+ miles per year, without incident \(save one, where I saw it occurring, but it was too late to do anything to prevent it as the person ran a red at very high speed\).  Why are these serial fender\-benders so unlucky?  I suspect luck isn't the entire difference.
I suspect that what u/kickthestepmom  wants is for all worthwhile needs to be met by a utopian socialist society, where charity isn't needed. While I agree, that's not the society we live in, and there are very real needs not being met that need volunteers to do their part. I suspect that such a society will never exist, but before it can we need to become less self-centered and more other-oriented as individuals, which is how change will eventually come about. 
Mine no longer turns on.  Not sure why it stopped working as it sat in a closet for the last 20\+ years since I finished University.
Most charities don't have the funding to hire people to do the work.
I didn't downvote your comment, but it appeared to me \(and apparently others\) that your comment was meant as "why would you waste money on those?"   I see now that you didn't mean it that way.
Did you notice which subreddit this is?
It's only stupid if you're not one of the people receiving part of the $34B.
This would fit in on r/minimalism
Ugh, you blew the opportunity for a perfect pun thread. 

"be cautious around that crepe, he's a real womanizer"
u/GunnieGraveGu is basically a modern day Jack Sprat!
The implication of lobbyist is that they can back their position with promises of campaign donations.  The entire power of a lobbyist should be to persuasively argue your position on your behalf. 
I've tried the cart in 3 different Jinhao pens (all different models), so that says to me that these aren't international carts if that's true. 
I can't say for sure about the turning of the head, but symmetry is a common trait of tics. I know that my tics often include an element of balancing out left and right... I rubbed that weird texture too much on the left hand, now I have to rub it a bit on the right hand to balance it out, oops, now the right is more than the left, just a tiny bit on the left to even out out, damn, now .... <ad infinitum>. I was a kid during the peak popularity for corduroy pants, and my mom insisted on buying me those infernal things that caused me so much distress. 
On a related note, I'd like to see it work better with vimperator or similar plugins as well.  The popup comment views still have all of the links behind the popup, making it completely unusable with such keyboard based browser plugins.
Who wastes such a wide monitor on a single window?  I seldom expand a window beyond half of my monitor, snap one right, and one left.  If I do go full\-screen and I'm only reading one, I don't want to have to swivel my head back and forth to read \-\- this is exactly what I'd want it to be.  I'm not sure I understand what the problem is.
Thanks.  I did read about the hero vs international sizing difference. These appear slightly too large for my Jinhao pens. They fit over the protrusion and pop open, but don't stick in place. 
While their ad is somewhat "lifestyle" focused, the point still stands. You have to draw the line somewhere. You gave a definition that was extremely broad and I pointed out that by that definition "what's a computer" would apply to many things.  By that definition even the wireless earbuds that I stick into each of my ears every day is a more powerful computer than the full-on computers that I used as a child. 

To me, I draw the line at "general purpose" computer, that gives me the control of everything. So, laptops and desktops meet that definition, but out of the box tablets, phones, and ChromeOS devices don't.  I (and most people) wouldn't call my Roku not FireTV stick a computer, nor do I generally call my phone a computer, so it seems to be that you're the one being pedantic by being upset that a tablet isn't being referred to as a computer.
>	using anything with a cpu+ram+storage 

You mean like starting a car?  Turning on its stereo? Ringing an IOT doorbell?  Pumping gas?   Paying with a credit card?  Walking through an airport security scanner?   Scanning groceries at the self checkout?  Etc, etc

People use computers all day, every day, without even realizing that they're using computers, including the computer illiterate amongst the elderly and very young. 
Oh. For some reason I thought that Jinhao pens used international carts. I'll try them in another pen next time it's dry. Thanks. 
I bought these on eBay thinking that they were international carts and would work in my Jinhao pens, but they're apparently not. Any idea what they'll fit in?
Right as I was reading your comment I noticed that my MacBook's fan kicked on \-\- something it almost never does unless I'm compiling.  I'm currently only viewing Reddit in my browser, single tab, no other tabs or apps running \-\- Firefox is fully pegging one core.
Milk is often supplemented with vitamin D, that's why people think that it's good for that. 
Your second statement contradicts your first. :)
That's exactly how I make new manual transmission drivers shift so that they learn to guide it into gear rather than mashing it through the synchros.  That said, they generally graduate to shifting in a more natural way.

Anyhow, that might be my fault... sorry.  haha
It's generally not another bill, just your regular monthly service bill includes the extra financing payment (and if you have automatic payments, nothing changes), and you're not locked in. If you were able to pay it off, you should still be able to pay it off at any time if you didn't go spend that money elsewhere instead.  If you pay it off, you're free of the commitment. 
On my last work trip I needed to take my razor along, but didn't have a travel container.  At the last second I noticed that everything that I needed for the trip fit perfectly in this box that some dietary supplements had come in.  It worked perfectly, but I didn't want the box to fall apart and didn't want to carry around the box with the old logos, so I covered it in duct tape to reinforce it and used some painters tape for the flap to keep it closed.  I think it came out well and only cost a few pennies worth of tape.   Since the razor is in the box I have no risk of cutting myself on an exposed blade.

I don't need to carry a bowl or anything because I find that the Arko lathers just fine on my face, and I don't need extra blades because this is really only for a short trip.
Not sure which model you have, but I looked up the specs for the 980:

http://www.techinsights.com/reports-and-subscriptions/open-market-reports/Report-Profile/?ReportKey=11246

Looking up the processor:

http://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers/stm32f103ze.html

Yep... looks like the Roomba has more processing power and storage than a Mac SE did.  Amazing.


It's nice that her hair stylist is able to cheer her up so much -- that personal touch of human contact is an important part of our happiness.
But I wasn't talking about general popularity in my first post, but rather popularity with a more tech oriented population. Reddit was much more somber and the discussions were deeper. 
Could it be this?

https://www.cnet.com/news/amazon-kindle-update-march-22/

When did you last use it?

EDIT:  IF so, the latest firmware should be able to be side-loaded following instructions here:

https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201504450
Not an iOS dev (have considered doing some, thus the reason I sub to this subreddit), but is there a requriement that submitted apps be built with the latest version of the framework?  Could it be required so that you have to re-link against newer versions with bug fixes?
It was very popular in its first eight months?  I don't remember it getting much attention during those months, it was all about Slashdot and Fark. 
> THE website for tech/gaming/internet types

No, that was reddit... reddit was for the actual tech people.


It's because they killed Digg that reddit changed forever, overnight.
I suspected that the specs were the reason, though it's always sad when a beloved device is orphaned. That said, we're still using three Kindle 3 (later called Kindle Keyboard), a DX, and a first gen Paperwhite, and they still work great. 
First enable it, then triple click (or whatever the X equivalent is) for guided access before handing over your phone. 

That said, there are other use cases for which I want OS level protection on a per-app basis. Stupid that every app has to implement it themselves. 
Any idea why the original Paperwhite was orphaned?  I'm still using the one I pre-ordered within hours of the announcement and it's unfortunate that it's been left behind on the OS updates. 
Thanks for taking one for the team, I'm glad I'm not the one being downvoted. ;-P
No idea how, but somehow I read that as:

> a Macintosh SE with a discrete CRT

...which sent me off looking for this mythical beast that I'd never heard of, to no avail.
So calm for such a young one!!
I'm fairly sure it is because the stack trace in the diagnostic logs is the same when it crashes there. 
Well, you do visit r/apolloapp, and it's been a target too.
There's a Unicode character that causes most iOS apps to crash and some a-holes are posting it on apple related subreddits.
There's a Unicode character that causes most iOS apps to crash and some a-holes are posting it on apple related subreddits.
There's a Unicode character that causes most iOS apps to crash and some a-holes are posting it on apple related subreddits.
There's a Unicode character that causes most iOS apps to crash and some a-holes are posting it on apple related subreddits.
There's a Unicode character that causes most iOS apps to crash and some a-holes are posting it on apple related subreddits.
I didn't know what was up, but I got a very uncomfortable feeling in r/SandersForPresident and r/JillStein when the primary was over and there was more anti-Hillary posting than anti-Trump posting.  I think that most of the stuff before the primary was over was legit supporters, but afteward is probably when the Russian trolls showed up.  Even to this day, r/JillStein is a shitshow.  I lost all interest in the green party (was planning on changing my registration to GP at one time, with the plan to still vote strategically in the imortant elections) after the last election.
Agreed -- even though I grew up in the US I've been trying very hard to use metric whenever possible and teach my children to do the same.  GPS is set to metric, I use metric tape measures when doing home improvement projects, thermostat set to metric, etc.  When I was young there was a period when all of the highway signs had both miles and km and it looked like we might actually have a chance at converting, then the reality that we can't do any such thing set in and the signs all disappeared.  On the plus side, so did the "We don't need no foreign rulers" bumper stickers.
I love how you switched units mid comment.  "For the stupidly wrong measurements I'll use inches, and for the more appropriate ones I'll use metric"...   haha
I know that nobody asked, but people who link to /r/nobodyasked (and similar) in response to comments like this are kind of assholes -- reddit is for discussion, and you're free to share whatever related anecdotes you find interesting.  We're free to vote up or down based on how relevant or interesting we find it to be.
Yeah, it's kind of shitty. 
Geez, that's a rather aggressive approach!!! Haha. Now that I got the one thorn out the pain is gone and only minor irritation remains. The other stopped being noticeable, and the rest I'll just continue to ignore since I don't feel anything. 

Not sure how good my callouses are in comparison to others, but I'm working on them.  Hard to capture in pictures, but here's an attempt. 

https://i.imgur.com/tUcJEND.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/ymhum0d.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/S4Dx5Qa.jpg

That last one looks pinched all funny, it's because I was rotating so much to take a picture of the bottoms, they don't normally look pinched. :)
I think I found it. Somebody posted the bad Unicode character in a comment -- I reported the comment, hopefully Apple will fix it and the moderators will remove it. 

Edit: confirmed, the user page causes the same crash: u/bigpeepee1234
It is a hydro-electric dam, generating 1,490 GWh per year (according to Wikipedia).  Went on many field trips through it when I was a kid.

EDIT:  Looks like it's the (very close) second largest (in actual production, not capacity) in California, second only to Shasta Dam, which is a few hours North of Oroville.

http://www.energy.ca.gov/almanac/renewables_data/hydro/

EDIT2:  The larger capacity ones all seem to be pumped storage facilities, not dams, so it is apparently the 2nd largest in generating capacity as well.
Oh, the conspiracy theories that were flying -- it was intentional to get the gold. Yeah, people were actually saying that.
>	floppy bird

The rubber chicken game...
Flight sim? Private government number? It all makes sense now. 
To be honest, I'm not sure that I understand your response in the context of my post that you responded to. Can you be more explicit about which aspect you're responding to?
Ah, yes, morality credits. The Catholic Church has been selling those for centuries. 
Out of how many total?
Sweetarts?  Oh, you're in trouble when (s)he finds out about the other tart that you have on the side!
Was just noticing his keys. Mine aren't anywhere near as worn as my P50 gets very little use because my client provided me with a P50s (nowhere near as nice, especially the keyboard), so my personal P50 is far underutilized. Used it last night to rip a CD, such an underwhelming task for such a great machine. 
Well, you can see how Breitbart handled it:

In their story:

> In a desperate attempt to smear President Donald Trump, the New York Daily News took the opportunity of Nolan’s conviction to link him to the president in their headline. “Trump-backing former judge pleads guilty to human trafficking charges,” the New York newspaper wrote on Friday. Nolan was not charged in the case until well after the 2016 presidential campaign.
https://www.sitejabber.com/reviews/oz-estores.com

https://slickdeals.net/f/10799391-apple-airpods-129-99-tax-free-shipping-shoprite-super-markets?page=37

(note the similarity in the site name)
When I paired mine to my MacBook w/ bluetooth (older OS version w/o support) they showed up with the name on the pairing screen (you don't actually have to pair them).  Is it possible that if you pair them to your computer you'll see the name?  Do you happen to have a MacBook?  That might give you a first name.  (possibly any other OS might do the same)
I'm actually surprised that they don't still work -- must have hit something critical in that dent.
Now we wait for critical mass.  It's too quiet (i.e. silent) in every room I've encountered so far; even the charging room which seems like it might have more traffic since you can actually stay there for a while.
>	I had to open my garage door for a good 20 minuets

Did you dance, or just listen to the music?

More seriously, though, I hope you wore a respirator. 
Just noticed the nice zerk fitting for easy maintenance! :-)
I bought a bike with an almost identical chain-free drive for my daughter when she was little, and later repainted it and gave it to my son.  A bit heavy (what kids bike isn't?), but no worries about lost chains or dresses caught up in cranks.  It had a covering over the gears to keep fingers and clothing out.  It really was bomb-proof for kids.
If you have weak pointers referencing a shared_ptr created with make_shared, the memory is not freed until weak count returns to zero, which can have the same effect as a leak if you're not careful. 
The sync client?  My client isn't saying anything about that.  Do you have a link to info?  I've been searching for 5 minutes and haven't found anything.

EDIT:  I think I found it -- looks like I'm already using the newer client program.
Do you have a link to info about that?  I haven't been able to find anything and have been searching for the last 5 minutes.
Wait... Google Drive is going away?

So sick of being asked if I'm grounding!
Thanks for the suggestions.  

I have been to Duffy's, but quite some time ago, and with a friend, so we sat in the corner and talked.  I'll have to try it some time and sit at the bar and get to know the regulars.

Never been in the others.  Any input on their crowd and environment?
Thanks... I've heard good things about Quackers, but never gone in there.  Maltese looks interesting, but maybe a bit wilder than I had in mind, but maybe I'll try it when there's nothing big going on.  I'll take a look at the others too -- appreciate the response.

Did go in to the Chico Taproom recently -- a lot of regulars who knew the owners, and they were talkative to the owners, but otherwise didn't seem very open to chatting new people (and the bartenders didn't seem too keen to talk to anybody other than the ones they already knew) -- and I was the only one who was there alone other than one guy who was working in the corner.
...between one and three times per day.
The bigger issue, IMO, is that clicking it doesn't take you to that comment so that you can read it in context. I want to see other replies to it, the sibling replies, etc, but if it's deep in a thread, good luck finding it. 
Runs on Parallels on my MacBook, but REALLY PAINFULLY SLOW!
Haha. Both have a great joke thrown in. I love the VW rear-engine joke. 
Only one pair that is about 15 years old and a so-so fit on one rack. I seldom remove them, so that's no biggie. 
Wow, that really sucks. I've had a few fall of, but I always feel and hear it. I've started to tether mine if they have poor attachments so that they don't fall too far. 
How do you not notice the loss of a pannier?
Here's mine: 

https://i.imgur.com/DCYkJAH.jpg

It has its share of shellac and twine as well. :)
Dunno... My first one was about 17 years ago when they weren't quite as common as they are now.  I found that they were, by far, my favorite saddle and ride them exclusively (except for one Velo Orange saddle with the same dimensions). 
Do they have an open bar area? I thought they only had the restaurant, but haven't been there in years. SN isn't really my favorite, tbh. 
Probably not his first choice. :)

I also have an AHH. I asked that if be built with a single top tube, even though it's a 67 cm frame (and still a touch smaller than I would like). They agreed given that I'm fairly light.  I also got a custom color (the same color as the Airwolf helicopter, which I learned while googling it 1000 times while waiting for it to arrive).   Mine has a mix of Velo Orange, Shimano XT, and 'Silver' components -- I built it up myself. 

I guess that makes sense. If you can't taste the subtle-teas [punny!] anyhow. 
Whatever.
Does it do that in other operating systems? Sounds like an electrical interference issue. 
For a people who claim to love tea, it's amazing that they're willing to drink bagged crap. Loose leaf teas are so much better!
That article felt very biased -- not only the glaring math problem that others have mentioned, but also the fact that they don't try to categorize the accidents.  IIRC, they report all accidents, whether the car or human was driving -- did they subtract out the human driver numbers?  Did they include the "sitting at red light when a human rear-ended the SDC" reports and "taxi driver slapped the window" reports?
Yeah, it 'brakes' my heart to see such mistakes. :-)

On a more serious note, the article seemed a bit more optimistic than reality given that there were apparently disengagements every few hours.
I doubt that self-driving trucks will replace human drivers in 2-3 weeks. :-)
Yeah, thanks for the input though.  No idea why 40+ has to mean stuffy, but for some reason I've seen that too. :-)
Is that the place on Esplanade? Looks more like a restaurant, and more upscale than my tastes. Am I assuming too much? 

I should have clarified that it'd be great if it's a place where you'd be comfortable showing up in shorts and flip flops. :)
More focus on controls, less on the art. 

https://i.imgur.com/mHDDX58.jpg
"I'm addicted to this thing, it's making it hard to breathe, my car and clothes stink, and my teeth, fingers, and beard are stained yellow; but I cannot stop! Don't start!!"

Doesn't sound hypocritical, sounds quite reasonable. 
I've worn out a Brooks saddle. Took 10+ years, but it can be done. :)
Your concern is good, and direct contact with the ground (which conducts away the heat more quickly than air) might be worse than the chart in the article I linked below, but it looks like 40 is well within the safe range, and my experience is that it is. That said, it is well outside of the comfortable range at first!! :)


http://www.businessinsider.com/at-what-temperatures-can-you-get-frostbite-or-hypothermia-2015-2
In that case you want https://www.rivbike.com/

:)

I own one of their very nice, but expensive, bikes too. 
Like this? 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bodies:_The_Exhibition
In my experience, you're totally right.  Bagged vacuums are WAY WAY WAY WAY WAY better, and last longer too.  Bagless are just a pain in the ass and take a lot of maintenance to keep them clean enough to keep working well.
If you can still find one, the Panasonic MC-CG902 was an amazing value at ~$200.  Nowhere near as nice as my $1000 Sebo D4, but am amazing value machine none-the-less.  Put cloth hepa bags in it (it uses the same bags as the Kenmore vacuums from Sears/KMart) and it filters really well.

If not, this is probably your best bet at the price range that you've specified:  http://www.sears.com/kenmore-125.81214-200-series-bagged-canister-vacuum-orange/p-02081214000P?sid=IDx01192011x202447419&gclid=CjwKCAiAweXTBRAhEiwAmb3XuwO-cyqyo_HYRKyfjkqijtxKpt1cJDMtQmDsMebCWg3xxpj0UpK7gBoCOWwQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds&dclid=CLSwjpiTk9kCFcFnfgodcAgNOQ


Even cheaper on the KMart website (Sears and KMart are the same company)

http://www.kmart.com/kenmore-125.81214-200-series-bagged-canister-vacuum-orange/p-02081214000P?sid=KDx01192011x000001&gclid=CjwKCAiAweXTBRAhEiwAmb3XuwadaXNLhb1ZELAIXPXWBV-Ax2vHvcEXmiD7NvRbSNLi8eqpjty_EhoCj0AQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds
Wide mouth canning jars are amazing... lots of shapes and sizes, and cheap standardized lids.  I don't use anything else.
>	Proof reading some of their papers I feel bad for them because they just don't understand how to think critically about information their tasked to analyze 

And 'their' it is, the reason I'm afraid to criticize the writing of others. :)
> once I got far enough away from my house I took them off

Haha... why's that?  Hiding from your significant other? :-)

40F isn't too cold once you get used to it -- I think that being barefoot actually increases circulation to your feet as you're working those muscles, so in a way you actually stay warmer.  I don't think it's possible to get frostbite at those temps, but I'm no expert.
>	Nunes and Gowdy have been moving goalposts so fast they look like tuning forks

I think red-shift would be more apt, as tuning forks oscillate over a fixed point, closer and further; plus, many of us are seeing red.


I saw a post about that a while ago, but saw people saying that the spring cut into the insulation. 
If you try it, use a high ratio heat-shrink and be careful not to over-heat it.
I put some heat-shrink tubing over mine, which reduces stress on the cable without significantly increasing the strain on the port.

Basically, this:

     =------=

became this:

     =[___]=

(put a top line on that one too)
But I'd only recommend buying from BD if you know a bit about bike mechanics.  I bought a bike for my son there and it required quite a bit of work to get it into ridable condition -- even having loose spoke nipples rattling around in the rims.  If I'd have had to pay a bike shop to do that work it would have cost more than just getting a better bike up front.

EDIT:  Taking a BD bike into a bike shop and asking for a good price on setup is kind of an affront.
Oh, duh. I read the very short article multiple times trying to figure out how I was missing what you were referring to. 
Beeswax maybe?  I use that on bike parts and it works well. 
Exactly. I can't imagine it being any worse than the hikes I do in the a Sierra Nevada foothills on granite strewn trails.  I cover many miles of trail that look worse than that Lego strip. 
That's not gravel!! Haha
Three words, "don't waste money"

In the family we've had/have: 

iPad 2, iPhone 4S, two iPhone 5S, iPhone SE, iPhone 6S, iPhone 7, two MBP, two Apple Watch S2, airpods.... Not a single device has had AppleCare, nor needed it. By now I've saved enough money to pay for replacements outright.

Just be careful with your stuff, don't insure things that cost so little, it's a losing game. 
ASMR videos fill me with a feeling of rage. I've always had hypersensitivity to such noises (which I've heard can be a symptom of TS) and cannot stand them for a second. Given that it could disturb people with TS it might be best to give a disclaimer with this recommendation. 

https://neuro.psychiatryonline.org/doi/full/10.1176/appi.neuropsych.11100235
For us old timers it's actually more comfortable to work from the terminal. I prefer mono-space fonts after so many years of reading them, I prefer the dark color scheme, and I prefer keyboard navigation. That said, I can get a lot of that with vimperator and Firefox-esr. 
I prefer pulp and like that my juicer makes fairly thick juice, and sometimes mix some pulp back in. 

That said, I'm not trying to follow some diet, I'm just enjoying fresh juice. 
Though I recognize that I'm assuming female based on the nail polish, I think the message that they're portraying is clear.  I also find that the bathrobe adds to their attempt to portray a female model.
I thought this was r/minimalism for a moment.
Yeah, might not have actually been MN, I should have said MN-like symptoms.  Whatever it was, it eventually passed and doesn't return no matter how much I walk, and no matter what surface, anymore.

(It was primarily on hard surfaces like asphalt before)
:( 

Is it your tics that prevent you from driving?

When people act sad about my tics I always think that I'm lucky that they're mild enough to be more of an annoyance than a disability (until I finish the process of destroying my neck) -- I feel for you. 
Wow, such a thorough reply! :)

Interestingly, the last time I transitioned back into regularly being unshod I had a bit of MN symptoms in one foot, always feeling like I was walking on a pebble. It hurt for a few months, but I transitioned slowly and no longer have any symptoms. 

It's 'funny' how the root cause seems to be the very thing that is prescribed to "fix" it, ensuring a lifetime of ongoing pain.
Good thing you and I aren't together as we'd have to walk in single-file. :-)   Mine is also on the right side!  haha  I try to keep people to my left, though if they're passengers in my car, well, too bad.
I've luckily never hit a stranger, but have hit friends, family, and walls quite a few times. :-)  A few weeks ago I knocked a glass of iced tea out of my son's hand in the car and soaked him and the passenger seat.  He misjudged the brief break in my tics and thought he could safely take it out of the cupholder... :-)

I try to walk on the right side when walking with people so that I don't hit them.  I get very uncomfortable if I'm on the left side as I get so focused on not ticing.

Yes.  I find that massage really helps with the pain, but it's expensive.  Worst is when something's not aligned quite right when I tic and it hurts BADLY and I'm so afraid I'm going to do some permanent damage some day.
Not that Fresno had a good rep to begin with. 
Have you seen their red pocket-sized weapons of mass dissection?  You've gotta watch out for them!
No random freak-outs?
I see it as smaller and more efficient than my current one that has an inverter built in to give 100W AC power, losing some of its capacity in DC->AC->DC conversion.  But given that it keeps me working when I'd otherwise have to pack it up for lack of outlets, I'm happy to carry it. 
Just so you know in the future, fiancé is male and fiancée is female.  I assumed at first that your future spouse was male and almost responded accordingly before seeing your use of the female pronoun here. 

Anyhow, awesome gift, and awesome beard!
> A Walmart spokesman told Newsweek that security measures are implemented based on transactional data collected by each store individually. The varying levels of security for specific products is based on managerial decisions determined by the data.

> "A high-value item in Washington or California or Colorado is not necessarily going to be a high-value item in Virginia or Tennessee," said the spokesman. "That's why you have fishing equipment locked up in Florida."

If they're basing it entirely on the numbers, and use the same criteria for every store/product, and can prove it, they'll probably win the legal challenge, even though it's a PR nightmare.
And what evidence converted you?  
How would that cause heel spurs?
PSA:  drowning victims don't look like that!

http://spotthedrowningchild.com/

https://www.youtube.com/lifeguardrescue
Hopefully she wasn't saying "I didn't see those things before, but now that you mention it..."
I found it fascinating how this was ejected from the pulp end of my juicer. A perfect column of spinach pulp. 
Helping the entire team in one single command. 
Agreed.  I have an electric sit/stand desk, and the best thing to do is to continually adjust it.  Go back and forth. Standing too long hurts, sitting too long hurts.  Keep it moving -- I also make little 1-2 cm adjustments every 20 minutes or so to keep my posture dynamic.

As for barefoot standing... if the hard surface is hurting your heels, I'd recommend occasionally doing some in place steps where you don't lift the ball of your foot off the ground, but just flex your arch and knee, it's good to keep moving and takes pressure off of your heels.

Phone?  Our beardie just licks the air for no apparent reason.  Every single time he goes back to his basking spot after spending time running full speed into walls (I mean, exploring the house) he licks the air 4 or 5 times.
Most Vibram soles can be replaced, can't they?  How are the uppers?
I loved programming as a kid, but didn't have a computer, so I wrote hundreds of programs on paper. 

I now try to make a point of ensuring my code compiles on the first try. It's a bit slower, but worth it in that I'm not guessing. I have read the API docs if I have any doubts, reviewed my diffs, etc.  I often find small logic errors in this pre compiling stage. In the end I think it's faster and gives higher quality. With enough practice it doesn't slow you down much at all.

And it pays off doubly when I'm working with a language that will fail at runtime. 
Yeah, but after working on a program long enough you knew the significant line numbers. All of that memorized info became useless. 
I was thinking something like this

https://www.dickssportinggoods.com/p/shock-doctor-adult-strapless-braces-fit-mouthguard-16skrabrcsmgstrplspm/16skrabrcsmgstrplspm

There are heat moldable ones too, you put them in hot water until they're soft, bite down, wait for them to cool, then they're custom fit and stay in place.  That particular one is made to work with braces, some are for braces, some aren't.  There are clear ones that aren't as visible too.
Have you considered a bruxism (tooth grinding) guard to keep you from doing damage?  I don't know if they can make them that work with braces, but maybe even just a sports mouthguard (compatible with braces) during the worst of it could help.
I think it's more than the protestant faith teaches that the only one without sin (i.e. Immaculate) would be Jesus.  They don't teach that Mary was without sin.
This is more of a catechism being thumped, being as this isn't in the Bible. 

I don't believe any of it, but facts matter. :)
More specifically he didn't know about Catholicism. The concept under discussion isn't anywhere in the Bible. This won't upset protestants as they don't believe that particular doctrine anyhow. 
Touché!  :)
~? 

Would you mind being more specific? We don't like approximations, so we'll need you to give us the full precision value to the last decimal place, thanks. 
Sorry to hear that you're having a bad week, I know how rough that can be.

May I ask, though; if they'e co-workers, why not tell them, especially if they're working in a medical field where they'd presumably have a bit more empathy for medical issues?

I've only had luck with explaining what's going on to my peers.  They generally ask a few questions, then act like they never see it.
I remember reading the manuals that came with my Tandy 1000 in the back seat of my parents' car when we'd travel.  I wanted to know how to make an .exe file so that I could run my programs that I'd written in GWBasic without loading them in the interpreter.  I had nobody to ask, no online resources to turn to, nothing... I spent days and days reading the manuals cover to cover.  I found this program called 'link' that promised to do just that, but no matter how much I tried, I couldn't get it to convert my .bas files to .exe files.  Yeah, I know better now, I know that I needed a compiler, but how was I supposed to know that then? A few years later I got a pirated copy of Turbo Basic, which could do that (then Turbo Pascal, then Turbo C++), but without something explaining to me what a compiler was, an object file was, etc, I was on my own.  A young child with a DOS reference manual and no mentors who knew even half of what I did.

Oh well, I guess what I learned was how to read the manuals and the persistence of the search.  Maybe in a way it was better because now we're accustomed to instant gratification of Stack Overflow and the like.
Don't forget r/jillstein  -- that place became a cesspool before the election even ended.
A sports multiplex, it was in the area where they do martial arts, no shoes on the mats. 
My neck makes horrible grinding noises from having tossed it so violently so many times, I think I'll be permanently in pain.  Worse, when things are quite aligned and I get a bad one I seriously fear I'll end up paralyzed.

Not an injury, but my second toenail (next to the big toe) is shiny like it has been polished from "snapping" my toes.  Sometimes they bleed from the constant rubbing.

How many times have I hit a wall or cabinet when ticcing?  I have no idea, I can't count.  Knocked a full glass of iced tea out of my son's hand the other day.  He was waiting for me to be done before picking it up (from the cupholder in the center of the car) and he misjudged my brief pause.

So many times I have yelled for him to take something hot or heavy from me before I couldn't contain the tic any longer.
Maybe I misunderstood the point of your comment, but it sure looks like you're equating taxation with theft.
Haha... that video led me to finding this one:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1gLoMf19kQ
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha 

Yes, expecting people to contribute back to the society that gave them the comfortable lifestyle that they enjoy is TOTALLY stealing from them.


^^^^/s ^^^^for ^^^^those ^^^^who ^^^^need ^^^^it...
As others have said, the trope is far overdone — it’s generally not funny and just furthers the misconception that TS is “that cussing disease”, so much so that a few days ago a very nice mother of somebody on my son’s sports team said something like “I sound like I have Tourette’s” while sitting right next to me as I was ticcing away — completely unaware of what she’d done. (I didn’t hold it against her)

That said, I think that a priest with TS, and more specifically this uncommon form, could be a good film, but not as a comedy.  I think that a serious film exploring the unique challenges that his position would put him in if he were to develop such a tic could be interesting and heart rending, I just don’t see much comedy in it other than the ocassional uncomfortable chuckle when an awkward situation arises — but it would be to make it easier to handle the deeper emotions rather than the primary focus.

Perhaps the teacher/professor would allow you to change the focus a bit?

EDIT: and exploring the moral implications... Is it sin if he has no control?  A scene with a doctor explaining that it's rare and not about his moral character could be very educational. Note that TS also sometimes manifests as blasphemies as well, not just profanity, which could also be relevant. 

EDIT2:  Note that TS always includes motor tics too, don’t focus entirely on the vocals.  If you could find somebody who has TS willing to play the role it might go a long way toward making the tics actually realistic and help balance the potential for offense.
> Do this 2-3 times and they will be clean and sound better. I verified this again under a microscope.

How did you verify that they sound better with a microscope?  ;)

Thanks for the legwork.   I've been rubbing mine clean whenever I put them away and giving them an occasional suck to keep them clean and haven't had any problems yet.  I am afraid of hurting them by sucking too hard though.
Ethan at H3H3 has made a video about his TS.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mde1j-j-GUs&feature=youtu.be
I've heard no such thing, but eat a lot of almonds and haven't noticed any difference between the periods where I have a bag on the counter and when I don't.  I currently have a bag that I'm about half way through, eating a hand-full a few times per day, and my tics are as strong as ever.
You posted on r/apple asking about the watch, which looks like you also have a watch.  If you do, you're not missing anything for controls. The watch can be set to automatically go to the music controls when you're playing music (or it'll be at the top of the Siri face) and you can quickly control the volume with the digital crown and the next/previous track w/ the controls on the watch face.  The only control I use on the earbuds themselves is the play/pause, which even that could be replaced by just removing one.
That this TV should have been called the 'Parlor Wall' and that we should be playing 'The Sims' on it.
Not an advertized point, but one that convinced people. It’s what originally convinced me to buy a MacBook.  I was at a sw development conference, struggling to get through a single session on a charge when my friend sitting next to me had all day battery life on his much older MacBook. He showed me his battery health stats and I was amazed. It was the final thing that pushed me over the edge, and I'm very pleased with that decision 3.5 years later on the same machine with great battery life. 
I was responding to the comment about being afraid of the homeless, not the trees. Trees still scare me, for example at one mile. I sit there frequently and worry about the trees, but don't fear the people at all. 
I think that /u/amberpatrick is asking about using the AirPods with Android, to trigger Google Assistant -- this seems like the best place to ask that to me.
I use Google Play music almost exclusively and it's been working fine for me.

I do notice that Google Play music doesn't show the track information on my car stereo (when connected through the USB dock connector) and that I have to start another audio app first, then Google Play music to get it to work, making me think that they're not doing something correctly related to interacting with the system.
True, but if it's somebody who knows the person by their username, then they know which lock it belongs to.  True about bump keys being easier, but with 3d printers maybe that's not so true anymore, you could just scale the image and print a key, requiring no skill with bump keys.
I was going to warn you about posting pictures of keys... looks like you've already got the warning, good job! :-)
Yeah, thus putting proper in quotes in my title.  Sadly I'm afraid that's how people who don't think much about it would read it.
That's why I asked about Android OR asking for perms on OTHER brands of phones.   (by brands I was thinking more iOS & Windows, not LG, Samsung, etc...)
It crossed my mind that it could come across that way as I typed that, but I was really trying to focus more on how these children did something that most "first-world" children would never accomplish given their pre-packaged fun.
There's something about having less to work with that makes kids more creative.  I grew up fairly poor and without a bunch of store-bought toys.  Old parts of old equipment around the property became the basis for toys that my friends and I made ourselves.  Some broken roller skates and wood became skateboards, wheels from an old rotor tiller and something else, combined with longer boards became push go-carts.  We had to be creative, we had to come up with our own entertainment.

I later became a software engineer, yet at my last job the mechanical & hardware engineers used to solicit my input because even though I had not training in what they were working on, I had a way of thinking about the problems -- probably from those childhood experiences.  It might have sounded like an insult to outsiders, but I took it as the highest complement when one would frequently tell me that I could often see the easiest solution that he'd missed.  I'd often look at the parts and ask just the right questions that would trigger a realization of what the problem was.  My ignorance was to their benefit.
Do you use an Android phone, or have you given camera permissions to any Google apps on another brand of phone?

If you have, and they had nefarious intents, it's too late.
Big deal, it's just gopher with images. 

(That was my initial response)
I watched some of you videos that you've posted to get an idea what your symptoms are like. I have to say, I'd probably be ticcing much more frequently if I were talking about it on video, though your actual tics are slightly more severe than mine are during the day (mine are similar at night when I'm getting more tired). 

I've never had difficulty dating related to TS (just my general awkwardness). In fact, most say that they stop noticing fairly quickly unless they're particularly bad that day. 

In my opinion, go for it... ask him out, what's the worst?  You might get rejected, but it's possible you'd be rejected if you didn't have TS too!
I frequently went there while I was a student and after graduation, I never felt it was unsafe, just like I don't feel unsafe there now. Are you conflating comfort and safety?
Thanks for the recommendation, but my ears are really sensitive and most earphones hurt, but the Airpods fit me perfectly as is and don't fall out even if I try really hard to shake them out. I also don't like being overly isolated, so I think I'm fine as is. :)
Wow, I need to ask for a refund!!  Same price as others, not sure what you're trying to say, but it's a paid service. They all have free introductory periods. 
Yeah. I watched it multiple times and it was hard to be certain. 
Love my Airpods. Best Bluetooth earphones I've ever owned!  They're practically magic. :)
I find it funny that this subreddit is 90% about shoes, if that answers your question. Haha!!  I use rubber block pedals, great for street, probably not so great for MTB, but I've not really done any of that.  The lack of excess rotating weight makes a huge difference though. I've ridden 50 miles barefoot and feel like I could have completed a century ride easily. I might do this year's century barefooted. 

I'm skin to ground unless absolutely compelled (on which case I wear minimalist sandals) or headed somewhere where I need clean feet (like one friend who takes shoes off indoors, so I always scrub up and wear flip-flops before showing up). 
It kinda like you land heel first. Doesn't that hurt?
I don't run much. A little bit on the treadmill, a mile here and there when I'm outside. I walk, hike, and cycle barefoot. Even so, I went from being unable to wear anything with arch support due to pain to having a very high arch. 

https://i.imgur.com/U6FQd7o.jpg

The picture is a month or so ago, no flexing involved, just the natural shape. 

https://i.imgur.com/r8dThRo.jpg

This shows the print that I leave when I step from wet to dry concrete (a year ago, might be higher now). 
/u/BobSagetsBluntSlut

here's the pictures that I promised

https://imgur.com/a/YZvwQ/
I guess because in my > 40 years, I've never once heard a warning or received instructions by radio. It's harder to relate. If it's that important I'd rather have a real FM radio with weeks of battery life, with easy to replace cells, than my cell phone which I might not be able to charge anyway. I have a cheap $5 radio that works better than any cell phone radio I've ever used. 
I listen two two such stations, but streaming... Local community station that does lots of local interest topics, democracy now, and local musicians, and the KUSC classical music station. 

Corporate radio can stuff if. :) I've had a streaming subscription for at least 15 years.  I've done Rhapsody, Napster, Mog, Apple Music, and now Google Play music. 
That'll probably change as you hang out more. Yeah, still laugh if it's a particularly funny context -- my son and I both laugh at each other now and then. 
Be a friend -- just be a normal person around him, act like you don't even notice the tics, unless he brings them up (don't draw attention to them, it makes them worse -- mine get worse every time I come here to answer questions).  Be a person he can comfortably let them out in front of because holding them in is very tiring. 

I suspect a lot of us didn't have a lot of friends growing up, so that's number one.  It's nice of you to care.
Really?  Alcohol makes my tics worse!
Yeah, emergencies, which I mentioned.  I luckily live in an area that is relatively free of natural disasters, so it's not high in my consciousness.   Thanks for the feedback though -- is that your primary reason?
Now that I have an unlimited data plan, I really don't miss FM radio on my phone as I can stream my favorite local (and distant) stations through an app (I'm currently on an iPhone, so no app link provided) which gives me a very radio like interface and I always get perfect "reception", and I can use wireless earphones.

I'm curious why (other than emergencies) people feel strongly about the FM chip -- any strong proponents care to enlighten me?
I understand that, but 350F and 180C weren't chosen to be the exact magic, they've both nice easy to remember numbers in that general range. 
Because it's not the wrong temperature. Is 180C some magical number that everything is baked at?  Why is it slightly warmer than the magical 350F?  Does something about being in Europe require higher cooking temperatures? 

180 and 350 are chosen because they're nice easy to remember round numbers, not because they're necessarily the perfect temperature. In the US evey recipe is basically 350, 400, or 425... Notice the nice easy multiples of 25. 
You mean realists?
Response #2... if you're still having trouble after trying the "5" setting you might want to look at the rubber seal at the end of the cone piece w/ the metal grate.  Is that rubber piece well seated against the auger?  There shouldn't be any visible gap and it should have a nice smooth surface to mate against the resistance cap (the numbered piece, I made up that name -- not sure what Omega calls it) when it's put on the end.  The end cap has a projecting bit that pushes against the rubber seal and provides resistance to the pulp coming out between the tip of the auger and that rubber ring.

If you'd like, I can take a close-up picture of mine tonight (if I remember, otherwise it'll have to be next week) to show how it looks when assembled so that you can compare.
Yeah, that's strange, my carrot pulp comes out extremely dry (I use 5 for carrots).
Suspiciously specific example, makes you wonder.
Please don't.  What if that was the only spot left when he arrived and the two neighboring cars (which have since left) had parked like a-holes, leaving him no option?
CSS is a painful mess.

(damn it, I just tried to wipe that stupid spot -- again!)
I agree, lighted keyboards are infuriating. :-)
The higher the number, the more resistance that it provides, thus squeezing out more juice.  Some foods won't go through very well with too much resistance, so you use a lower number.  I almost always just keep it at 5 and my pulp comes out really dry. (unable to squeeze anything else out by hand)

Is it a problem with a particular fruit/vegetable, or an overall problem?  I find that even at 1 the pulp comes out fairly dry.
Since when did protecting your belongings so that you can keep them longer become anti-anti-consumption?  

I considered a case for mine (yeah, I have a pair of earphones, kill me!  I bet you do too) -- best usability of any pair of bluetooth earphones I've ever owned, and in my experience Apple stuff lasts a long time.  The case has active electronics in it (bluetooth radio, processor, battery, etc) and is as susceptible to damage as other electronics.  Moreover, I considered a case that would help keep the lid from flipping open and allowing one of the earphones to fall out and get lost, and even better if it would help prevent moisture ingress.
I was disconnected with pop culture even when I was young, so this doesn't feel like a sign of aging to me -- just a sign of being a bit less vapid than average. :-)
Geez, you guys need to un-grow-up... :-)
Easy?  Nah, they're uptight compared to laid back west-coasters. :-)
Radioactive butter, the best kind!
You've discovered the newest diet fad!
I lived with somebody from Europe for over 10 years and she would get a lot of recipes from family, so I also memorized a lot of such conversions, but in the opposite direction.

What drove me nuts was that most European recipes specify baking at 180C (356F), whereas most of ours specify baking at 350F (~178C).  Our ovens default to 350, but she ALWAYS insisted on setting it to 355 (the oven only did 5 degree increments) "just to be safe" and wouldn't agree that it was within the bounds of measurement error, temperature variation as the oven turned on and off to maintain its setting, and barometric pressure from one elevation to the next... nope, it HAD to be set to 355.  I would ask about that extra 1 degree, but for some reason that one didn't matter.
Just a touch younger and I encountered one of your freakishly lanky sticks for the first time a few days ago -- you can keep them!
Oh!  That explains those weird long-skinny sticks my son bought at the local discounted-overstock grocery outlet store the other day.  I never knew!
Haha, subtle. 
OK, unpopular opinion here, but I think I have to defend the guy, as much as I cringe every time I hear the words President Trump. (ugh, that was even hard to type) 

I don't know the words. I bet most people commenting don't either. Big deal!! I'd think that the president has much more important things to be doing than memorizing a song. 

... though, in his case I'd prefer him to be memorizing the song over trying to do anything, so there is that. 

This is just stupid headline driven politics. It's as stupid as the flag pin controversy was with Obama. 
Agreed. I do the haircut first, because that's a better combo, then when I get home I trim the beard the same day. 
Having enough luck in that arena... :-)
"everybody knows you're only supposed to use this ink in a disposable body!"
Style?  Not my strong suit. Haha. I often let it go until I look in the mirror and can't find my face, then I trim up the hair and beard. Haha
3 weeks?  I've been on the 3 to 6 month plan.... haha
No, you just need some blue cheese. 
Who Moved My Cheese -- F that book. More like "Your Cheese Is About To Be Moved, Go Pack Your Desk"
I use AutoSleep and my 42mm S2 drops maybe 5% overnight in theater mode to keep the screen from coming on and waking me up.
Interesting.  I had a spike at around the same time, but I'm presumably a bit too far away to feel it -- at least I told the manager of my current project that I was when he asked if I'd felt it this morning.  Maybe I did feel it.
Wouldn't it be funny if somebody at Apple put the app in the priority queue just to make u/DoctorPepeX have to follow through?
Ugh, nails on chalkboard!!! I turned that off fast.
Yes on #1... the only way I've had one come out is trying to remove my shirt while wearing them.  They're amazing in the gym, staying very snug.  I was running at 8 MPH (~12.9 kph) on the treadmill today and they didn't move at all.  Did all of the machine weights too, no problem.  I can turn my head so that my ear is facing the floor and shake my head vigorously and they don't budge.

Yes on #2 too!  A few minutes back in the case and they're good to go.  I take them out now and then to give my ears a break (or for whatever other reasons that come up) and I've never heard the low battery chime.

On #3 I set mine for left ear Siri, and right ear play/pause.  I use my watch for all other controls.

So far they're the best earphones I've ever owned for anything other than sitting in a dark quiet room where I want the best possible sound quality, in which case I don't use bluetooth earphones, but my Grado or AKG headphones.


Ignoring dental care can lead to that too, but you might just end up with the much more "powerful" green tooth. 
No. Read the username of the person I replied to. 
Going barefoot as much as possible is even more anti-consumption. :)

Join us at r/barefoot 

:)
>  that's all I'm saying.

TBH, I think you're just lying through your teeth.

:)
Not everybody is getting their services for free, I pay $15 per month for Google services, and that might increase in the near future.
Not my family. Just saw the video, enjoyed the music, and was excited to notice them all running around barefoot outside. 
It was great seeing the entire family enjoying the experience, barefoot.
The batteries are replaceable, I've replaced 3 or 4 myself.
Came to say this -- it doesn't even have to be turbulence... if you're sitting in the back and look down the aisle you can see it.  I found it quite fascinating when I first noticed.
We have a 5S, SE, 6S, and 7 in the family, all running just fine on the latest OS versions. You might want to do a wipe and restore. 
I had to read that twice... I didn't see the "ed" in the first sentence the first time... haha

Good luck convincing the entire world to give up their mobile devices.  I'm guessing 99% of the readers of this subreddit have mobile devices as well.  

We only recently retired an iPhone 4S from active daily use -- 6 years is about as good of a lifespan as can be expected for a device carried every day (I replaced the battery in that phone twice, myself) [I've offered to give it to a homeless friend for use on WiFi networks and to be able to call 911, so it'll get some more life before it's done].  Two of the phones in our family are refurbished devices, and I'm planning to keep my iPhone 7 for as long as I can (and will probably take advantage of the reduced price battery replacement in about 8 months when it's two years old to give it a few more years of life).
Good idea, though Apple has always had a design philosophy of limiting options to reduce usability overhead and avoid bugs (every switch, every option, every feature is a potential for bugs).
They who?  Apple?  Are you suggesting that all smartphones should not exist?  True, I survived 30+ years without one, but that genie is out of the bottle.
Hey Siri, find my phone!

"Where's my phone", responds "but you're holding it"... nope, not necessarily, I have AirPods, get with the program!
How so?  Apple supports their phones with software updates for FAR longer than anybody else, and putting a fresh battery in the phone restores the performance.  This feels a case of engineering trying to address the phones dying when they were still reporting a high level of charge as the batteries aged -- a very reasonable way to address that problem that retains the core functionality of the device.
I feel like I'm in the minority here defending their position.

If the battery is so far degraded that it cannot push enough current to keep the phone running under heavy loads for very long (leading to random shutdowns when it appears to have charge left), then reducing the load on the battery (by throttling the CPU) seems to be a good mitigation strategy.  Better a slow phone than a phone that doesn't work at all.

Now, I agree that it would be better if they'd put up a dialog saying that was happening and suggest a new battery to solve the problem, but in and of itself the mitigation feels like a normal engineering tradeoff -- tradeoffs that engineers make every day in product design.
Oh. My memory sucks, another aspect of getting older. 10.5 years ago. Haha
I was trying to figure it out myself. I remember that it was before a life event that occurred 13 years ago, and it feels like it was quite a while before that, but the older I get the harder it gets to tell. Haha. I'm on mobile, so I didn't search Google to check. :)
We have that in the US too, but about 20 years ago we also got "forever" stamps that work for regular mail regardless of price changes. Much more convenient. 
I've ridden as much as 50 miles barefoot with no discomfort. My around town bike has rubber block pedals, which are great on bare feet (on mobile, I'll edit with an Amazon link in a minute). The biggest drawback is that most rubber pedals are nowhere near as well made as other pedals and have cheap bearings, even the ones that I use. 

Edit:

Diamondback 9/16-Inch Spindle Bicycle Comfort Pedal, Black/Gray https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00MJYQ3WY/
I always feel guilty when collecting feeders from our dubia colony. The mothers hunker down in the egg carton cells to protect their babies, and watching them eat and drink is absolutely fascinating. You start to see them really differently once you see them up close. 
They really shine if you have an Apple watch. Controlling your music and volume there is way better than on the headphones. 
I remember in college in the early 90s we used to laugh at people carrying/buying bottled water. 

We'd chide, "yep! Tastes like water!!"

I was on mobile, so I didn't link it for you. It actually comes from this longer video:

https://youtu.be/hIIb-pZkiuI
It's a common meme, even Obama himself made a video of it. (quite funny, I suggest searching for it)
Yeah, that episode wasn't too bad IIRC.  Unfortunately it (of course) still stuck with the coprolalia symptom as the primary symptom which gets really frustrating.
Not even joking, "Born This Way" just started playing in the background exactly as I read your post, more specifically just after I read the part where you mentioned the song.  Must be supernatural. :-)
So you didn't fix anything. Disabling a safety system isn't really the best approach. 

The TPMS is required on new cars. The sending units are probably the same part between the Lexus and Scion, unless the Lexus shows absolute pressure values. 
No bare feet in the pictures, but the trail was great.  Did some running on the way back, lots of up and down sections -- so much fun.

Lots of interesting reactions, mostly agape stares. :-)

My son was behind me while I was running on a particularly challenging section w/ lots of steep inclines, one guy was staring with a completely baffled look, so my son said "he's crazy"... response, "yes, he is!"

Feet felt great, though a little bit of arch muscle soreness that lasted until early the next day from the more nefarious larger rocks.  Skin can take most anything nowadays, but some of the larger rounded rocks are still a challenge -- my son said the he could even feel them through his (shield your children's eyes before they read the next word) shoes.
I walk, run, and hike barefoot.  I can run on gravel strewn trails without pain.  I only wear shoes when absolutely required, and my skin is NOWHERE near this thick!  WTF is right!
As others have said, not as old as you thought. I had one at one time and took it apart to repair it, definitely newer tech. 
Yes.

Oh, wait... you're asking the guy with a short finger.


Yeah, what are those?
I don't think they're designed to fit in dog ears, they'll probably get lost quite quickly.
Of course it's faster, it's the freeway!!
And I'm sure many of us (myself included) have no such issues. 
...while performing screen recording.
Yeah, she wanted a steel frame touring bike. :)
I don't think that's what u/clawfrank was objecting to... If you were to call the group rude names like "flatheads", that's what the objection seemed to be. 
I was raised in an extremely conservative, Christian household. It took too long to start to think for myself and reject my inherited belief system.  Some things I wrote in those early days I now reject wholeheartedly. 

I guess they don't believe in conversion, which is unfortunate as I sincerely hope that more will have an awakening. This trend is very disturbing to me.

I don't like Cenk, and he still says things that make me cringe, but they seemed OK with that -- that's the disturbing part in my view. Judge him for his behavior in the last decade, not when he was in his formative years. 
That's not a pen, pens have nibs!!
Must be a heavy one!
Time and practice:

https://imgur.com/a/gEOg6

That's 72.89 C for anybody who's currently experiencing summer. :-)
Off chance?  Christmas is "just another day" to me, always has been because I grew up in a strict Christian household that didn't celebrate Christmas because of its pagan origins, so I never got into the habit and never really picked it up (other than a few gifts for friends) when I gave up religion (and the two long term relationships I've been in were both with immigrants who didn't have that history either).

I've always seen Christmas as a few days off to get some things done, and it sucks to not be able to do so because everything is closed (hardware stores, auto parts stores, etc).  I was always happy to get the extra hours, and being a remote worker who sets my own schedule I'll be working this Christmas too -- hoping that I can find a cafe open to sit in.

I doubt I'm alone in not liking the fact that a good portion of the services are unavailable.
I remember doing that hike years ago when I was out of shape and it was very difficult for me.  Now I'd laugh at such an easy hike. :-)

Also remember the rattlesnake impeding my progress.
In my experience the specs mean nothing -- just because a headphone can reproduce a tone, doesn't mean that it does it well.  I've seen dirt cheap garbage headphones claim wildly broad ranges.
I've never heard that term, but it's exactly why I go to coffee shops, thanks for the link! :)
Here's another perspective. 

I'm a remote worker who often works in coffee shops because I'd go crazy sitting at home alone every day. I get distracted by my own thoughts and am more productive in coffee shops, so I can bill more, and thus make more money than if I made my own damn coffee.  I've also met a lot of great people that way and get a lot of social interaction that I wouldn't otherwise.   

It's not all about consumerism. 
>	it’ll be a shift that tears yet another family apart, for the convenience of consumerists and the profit of a few.

Or, it'll be a place where a lonely person without family to spend time with can find desired human contact.

I once tweeted to a hotel chain about a safety issue in one of their hotels that the local management didn't seem to care about -- about two hours later I was awoken by construction noises and the next morning it was fixed and the manager was acting very conciliatory and apologizing after seeing my name while I was checking out.
Fear mongering?   Funny that the oral surgeon that I consulted with didn't deny any of those potential risks, nor did he question the complication rates that I quoted when deciding not to go ahead with the extraction that he was recommending.

Here's one quick link, a Canadian site for dentists, and it doesn't take much searching to find more:

https://www.oralhealthgroup.com/features/complications-during-and-after-surgical-removal-of-third-molars/

> The reported frequencies of complications after third molar removal are reported between 2.6 percent and 30.9 percent.1 The spectrum of complications range from minor expected sequelae of post-operative pain and swelling, to permanent nerve damage, mandibular fractures, and life threatening infections. 



I figured he went for the esc key so that they couldn't exit full-screen mode and would have to play the video in perpetuity.
I was looking at your spelling of aesthetics, wondering what was up. Turns out the dictionary says that's an alternate spelling. Learn something new every day. 
Not frugal.  They're TRULY temporary.  I put some up while waiting for real ones and they barely lasted until the real ones came.
Honestly it's already good enough for me, so I'm not that anxious.  I did a quick refresh out of curiosity, updated those apps (11 this morning alone!) and then a few more came in on the next refresh, so it looks like they're working through the queue.
I should cut the cables off some earpods and sell them as "wireless Apple earphones". :-)
Nah, it's just doing that thing boys do where they tease girls that they like. 

https://i.imgur.com/gSPSrmm.jpg
I dunno, a colony is quite easy to maintain and after the initial investment is quite cheap.
I like your steering wheel cover.
Took ours for a drive, my son was holding him on the passenger side, he dove under the driver seat before I could even get out of the driveway.
Yeah, and he wore a flag pin and said "god bless America" on stage.
Apathy pisses me off, especially when the apathetic complain about the outcome.

Here there was a major push recently to gather signatures to undo a closed-doors decision by our city council.  People were everywhere gathering signatures, I was approached 4 or 5 times, people were posting online to get out and sign it, etc... 

My daughter was recently complaining that it didn't get enough signatures and that it was a stupid rule. 

I asked if she signed it...

No, too busy with work.

!?!?!? WTF ?!?!?!?
There's another CA where gift cards don't expire, and it's in the USA and has a pleasant climate. 
For me, pain is often a trigger. I'd personally be worried about the pain making the tic more severe during the healing process. 
How are the instruments not affected by the same acceleration forces that disorient the pilot?
I've always wondered how much difference the texture makes.  I have some older pans with very smooth interiors and they seem to be better at not sticking than the newer ones that are so rough.  Would a quick machining of the inner surface really add that much cost w/ modern manufacturing?

Yeah, I had to watch a few times to see it too. 
I don't.  Look closely and it looks like he's being pulled up against his will.  Notice how when he's lifted at the beginning he ends up on one leg for a while, defying gravity.  Something is tied to that dragon, not nice.
California is much bigger than most people realize.  Not sure where you're from, but people from the East coast often have a hard time visualizing that it spans so much area and has so many different climate zones, from super hot desert to snowy cold mountains.  You can drive for multiple hours without seeing almost anything in the central valley, a distance that would cross 2 or 3 Eastern states.
I sure wish that you didn't have to tap them so hard -- the noise is unpleasant.
California, we can grow the dark greens now.
The warning dialog is the standard dialog put up by Apple.  It's possible that you just need to call them and ask them, they might just need to enable something and it might already be included in your plan.  If you have a plan with finite data, then they should include mobile hotspot in it.  Almost all plans do.
Great solution for people who need it.

I'm lucky that the earpod/airpod design fits perfectly in my ears, the only style that doesn't hurt after 20 minutes or so.  Moreover, I can turn my head to the side (ear down) and shake violently and they don't fall out.
I use my real name on subreddits related to my career, this one for most other posts. 
Like others have said, I suspect this is regional. Here, the summers are hot (very, hits 120F at times, and a week straight of 100+), and the majority wear shorts.  I suspect the West coast states (where I am) have a much more casual culture than some others.
Ha!  Superiority complexes are often caused by insecurities, you're right.
Do you make a habit of judging people so superficially?
...and why exactly is that?
Incomplete font. Try another font, or update. "These days" it's displaying fine on 11.2. 
Same here... people often have no idea what I'm talking about, even though I have moderately severe tics in the evenings when I'm away from people.  That said, holding them in around people can be exhausting and make them worse that evening.
I wish I knew the answer to that. :-)  I was one of the unlucky ones who kept the tics into adulthood.
> home disposal squad

I envision the ad, "We specialize in insurance fraud"...
Sorry to hear about your experience, and I know this isn't what you came to ask about, but I'd recommend that you read up on braking technique and maybe watch a few videos.  You SHOULD be using mostly front brake in most cases (on the road, on a MTB there are cases where rear braking has its place) as your body weight shifts forward when you slow and the rear wheel has reduced traction.  That said, if you're not prepared for it, I can understand how you might have been caught off guard.
The SE is still fully supported, and still being sold new.
The Moto G phones are an amazing value and I'd definitely be thrilled to own one if they just had better cameras.
I got reading glasses at 40.  I don't use them often, but when I do I really notice the difference.  They're minimal correction, but enough to feel an improvement.  Haven't noticed much change since.
I dot know what you're talking about.
Sure, Word Perfect 5.1 required two floppy driv-- oh, nevermind.
I don't have that problem on my iPhone 7.  Could it be a calibration issue?  Maybe a screen-size specific issue?
Software development, often running VMs.  One C++ project I worked on required > ~40 GB RAM to compile at a decent speed due to a lot of template metaprogramming.
Scott, we've told you not to do that!
There are worlds outside of your own.  I had to look long and hard to find a laptop that would support 64 GB for one of my work projects.
From being anti-Apple I've become a huge fan of Apple products and now consider them much more frugal than the alternatives.  Everything that I've bought that was made by Apple has lasted twice as long as the alternatives.  I also have a Thinkpad, which'll probably be the same way, but it also cost just as much as the Macbook and isn't quite as nice to use IMO.
Good point, but I had reddit whitelisted. These ads are why people block ads in the first place. 
I'm a guy and feel the same way. I'd be totally ok with a monogamous relationship, but living independent lives. I want somebody to spend time with, hang out with, be a best friend, meet physical and emotional needs, but most of the time we do our own thing. I was afraid I was alone in thinking that and that women would consider me a flake, but reading this thread has given me hope!!
Got another auto-playing video w/ sound... how annoying!!

https://imgur.com/a/QSKoL

It links to here:  (protocol-slash-slash) www (dot) lifecharge (dot) com/Smart-Scale-bmi-digital-glass-Bluetooth-wireless-p/ont-bt-38028.htm   (not a real link to avoid giving them SEO benefits)
I wish that we had a grammatically correct gender neutral pronoun. 
You never know when you'll get interrupted half way through, this is way better than not having the chance to do it at all.
Why do we have to knock OP down?  We should be glad that (s)he is making a change for the better!

Good job /u/justcheeese, but you might want to eat something other than cheese, that's not healthy. :-)
While the smell might not be "like death" anymore, it sure can take on some interesting characteristics.  One day sickly sweet, another day kinda sulphery...

Started juicing lately, so drinking a lot of veggie juice, so the smells get even more 'unique'... is that... fennel that I smell?  People complain that it slows things down, but TBH that's been a welcome change.
The netent generation?
Yeah, totally doing that wrong, you should order a "small", ever seen how many calories are in those things?
> Tempered glass is kind of temperamental

It's right there in the name! :-)
I'm not a designer (well, I do design software, but not in the sense that most people think of with that word as I rarely work on the UI, but often want to lecture those who do), and I know who he is!  I have a copy of one of his books within reach right now.  "Emotional Design" being the one I'm currently reading.

Mispronounce the name of Qt.  According to their website, 

https://www1.qt.io/careers/careers-qt-embedded-software-architect/

...it's pronounced "cute".  Nope, not gonna do that.  I will proudly call it "Q. T." with enough enunciation that it doesn't sound like I'm saying "cutie".
i3wm, even lighter weight than Windows 3.1

I use it daily
I have nothing concrete to offer you, but I hear your plight and I'm wishing the best for you.

  -- from a friend you've never met


Sadly I know far too many people who have suffered homelessness, myself included, and know that the causes are myriad.  Good luck.
Looks like you've already got the maximum RAM in there, but I'd recommend sticking a cheap SSD in it -- SSDs make a HUGE difference in performance.  I had a 2011 MacBook that went from 45 seconds to reboot down to 15 with just an SSD upgrade (w/ OSX... I didn't time the difference in Linux because I installed Linux after the upgrade).  Everything felt faster too.  Well worth the ~$50 upgrade.

Once you do that, XFCE is nice... if you're willing to go 'hardcore', install anything and use i3wm for a super light-weight experience.
That's a strange level of repression... haha... I can't imagine anybody being so upset by feet.
If those don't work (they're good in my experience), I really like these too, never had them squeal:

https://velo-orange.com/collections/brake-parts/products/vo-canti-style-brake-shoes-threaded-post
Thanks for the idea, but yeah I'm sure. I've built quite a few bikes over the years (see my username :-) ). I've seen exactly what you're talking about though, it's always sad and shocking. The bike in question is a low end 70s steel frame and probably has some alignment issues, but it rides so nicely that I don't worry too much about it. It's my around town beater bike and seldom goes fast enough to experience the problem. (needs to be over about 25 mph and loaded with panniers). 
Serious?  The wobble started quite a while before the crash. I immediately would have slowed way down and backed off to avoid hitting him if he fell. Moreover, the filming car had plenty of time to stop, so why not the other?
Yeah... I never had a complaint about it back then.
> mentioned usernames suggestions

Love that feature! :-)

.... and don't forget about automatic dark mode toggling based on changes in auto screen brightness.
Awesome insight.

I think the important distinction is whether we are seeking the root causes of injustice and inequality and trying to improve them, or whether we refuse to change.
Seems shitty of the Honda pickup to just pass him and keep going. 
Interesting. I've got a bicycle that does that if I have too much weight too far back, and shifting weight forward helps. Just the opposite of what you heard. A bicycle vs motorcycle difference?
Looks like it might not be your imagination.

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8428875

As /u/Ieatbabies154 said, you should probably contact your doctor.  They gave you that medication for a reason, so don't just quit on your own, but definitely ask your doctor about this.
They're absolutely tiny.  That's phenomenal in my opinion, and consistent with my experience.  I give my ears a break every hour and put them back in the case for a few minutes, which keeps them topped off.

BTW, as you listen to music for a while your ears become accustomed to the volume and you have a natural tendency to keep turning it higher and higher, potentially damaging your hearing.  Giving yourself a short reset periodically reduces the risk of you turning the volume higher than you realize.  I would recommend that you give your ears such a break.

BTW... I used to not think it mattered... the older I get the more I think about the topic, and I suspect you will too.
But both parties are the same!!!
My bike panniers are missing their zipper pulls because the darn chipmunks wanted my food a few years ago.  I left the bike at my campsite for maybe 20 minutes during the daylight near the end of the day and came back to all of my food being destroyed.
Male, so I don't think I'm nearing any period of major hormonal changes. :-)
Almost the same age, same experience... I'm starting to wonder if there's the possibility that there's a mid-life peak that hasn't been studied or described in medical literature given that most say it usually just goes away by adulthood.
Yes, they're contagious.  I want to volunteer at a youth camp, but I'm terrified of coming home with more and worse tics.
Yep, and basically anything requiring intense concentration.
Except for the phones I've owned with failed headphone ports. 
No idea where "clothes" came from. 

It's basically equivalent to the English phrase "buy low, sell high" (literally it actually says buy cheap sell expensive), or as /u/justinkhuong said, a wish for the business to do well. 

Source: ex-wife is Vietnamese, learned to speak it over 10 years together, still speak it with my children and her family.
Not entirely a terrible idea. A recessed port distributes side load into the plastic part of the plug and the phone body, not just the metal pin and surface mounted port, much more durable. Apple has never shyed away from bucking standards when they can make something better. Sometimes it takes off, and every time people moan about it.  There were adapters to use other headphones. 
FTA:

>	“It’s easy to be a Monday morning quarterback, without being in the jury room,” he said. “Everyone’s jumping on the bandwagon, not knowing what’s going on. It’s such a tragic story, and then the president had to tweet.”

Exactly my feelings.  I didn't hear what they heard, I didn't discuss it with them. If they released him, I trust that they had reason to doubt.
The comment section on the article makes me want to poke my eyes out.  People are either stupid or obstinate. The article is stupid too as it also (seemingly intentionally) overlooks the context and motive. 
Also in my 40s, also having a particularly bad year of tics, possibly my worst ever. 

For me, I remember them as early as about 6. I remember a childhood of being shuffled from therapist to therapist trying to figure out what's wrong with me. In University I worked with a doctor at the school's medical facility, so I got my medical records from the school district where I grew up (the school psychologists had spent way too much time with me), and learned many interesting things about how they blamed my parents, diagnosed it as ADD, said I was "retarded", said I was actually "gifted" and not being given opportunities (thus lashing out), said ADD was a fad diagnosis, etc, etc, but TS was NEVER mentioned. I finally figured it out myself, but the University doctor refused to accept it because he wasn't seeing it himself (how convenient that I seldom had tics there and seldom in the mornings when my appointments were).  I finally had a few doctors agree that my self-diagnosis was correct, but I stopped pursuing an official diagnosis because I didn't see the point once I understood, no reason to have it on a medical record to potentially be used against me by insurance companies. 

Anyhow, here I am getting worse by the year. This year might be stress, major life changes, but it is what it is. Pain is common, especially my neck and shoulders. A strong tic the other day when my neck wasn't lined up right had me convinced I could paralyze myself. I hope not. Geez. Luckily my tics are fairly quiet during the day (not always, almost left a coffee shop I frequent the other day out of embarrassment from being so loud), so most people don't see it much, it's much worse in the evenings. 

Probably not helping you feel better, but you're not alone. Luckily it's not holding me back from having good jobs and making friends. I've made more friends this year than in the last decade. 

Good luck!!

Kind of like the kids in the charter "school" a few blocks from where I live.
Tony's Giggle Weed
Carbon Monoxide.


Nah, you'd do the same thing stone-cold-sober.  My son and I did. :-)
Which is exactly why attorneys tell you to not talk about the matter...
I think it depends on how they land.  Heel first is a problem if it's a heavy landing, but it's possible to lightly touch with the heel and quickly roll forward without putting much load until the foot is more fully planted, which isn't as damaging as a blunt force heel landing.
Geez... third parties already have knockoffs before I even saw that such a band exists, and I half-way follow Apple news... amazingly fast response.
Is this a third party band?  How is it held on? Velcro?
I saw the comment you self-stole it from, didn't even bother to give attribution!!!
Same here. As much as I'd like them to be equivalent, they're not. My foot still acts differently in them. 
What type of pain are you experiencing? 

Bruising?  Then maybe you're landing on your heel, try landing more forward.  Take shorter strides. 

Raw?  Maybe you're scuffing your feet on the ground, try being more deliberate in the up/down motion, take shorter strides. 

Otherwise I think we'll need to know more about the nature of the pain to comment on it. 


(I'm reading you comment again and realizing that you're not truly barefoot, so it's probably not the second one... Try going fully barefoot for a while as your mistakes become apparent much faster and you get better feedback -- even minimalist shoes change your stride and it takes a conscious effort at first to walk correctly in them)

Feinstein seems to have come around too, compared to her "but the terrorists" response a few years ago.  Giving credit where due.
Haha... love your wit and rolling with it... I personally use both, but find myself using Apollo a bit more now.  After you released Apollo I uninstalled the official app and my lingering Alien Blue within a few days.
Yep, I sometimes tic to the beat. Frustrating. ;)

In elementary school they put my desk in the coat closet and gave me big headphones and classical music tapes to try to keep me from disrupting the class. They must have thought classical music would help. Haha
As others have said, tics are very suggestible. I once told my son about one of my invisible tics and later that day, and for about two months after that, he had it too. And now thinking about it, I'm doing it again too after months of not doing it.
I want to volunteer at a camp, but I'm so afraid of catching new tics from the kids!! :)
I'm very skeptical that it doesn't have any battery at all, most such twist to charge devices still use a battery, not capacitors, to hold their charge. I'm also skeptical that just a few twists is enough to actually use the brush, all other such devices I've seen require quite a bit of turning to get any useful charge. 

I'd just buy a brush with a good battery life and use that. Find one that can it rechargable AA cells if you're away longer. 
> "right now because I'm telling my tale and I'm remembering everything my tics are starting to act up"

... I hate that... it makes me feel like I look like I'm faking it, even though I know I'm not.  :-)
That truck must play soccer, wasn't even touched and acted like it was in a Michael Bay collision. 
Dead link
I sometimes mix some of the pulp back in. 
Ah, that makes sense. Thanks for a real answer unlike the downvote brigade. :) I was disappointed when I discovered that it didn't report while charging. 
How?  It doesn't report the airpods when they're closed and charging.
Apparently you weren't a kid in the 80s.  Today's battery technology amazes me compared to what I grew up with.  The differences might seem incremental, but they're HUGE.  The thing is, once you get past a certain stage, additional incremental improvements don't feel as big.  It's kind of like how the difference between a 286 and 386 processor was a very big deal, but add 10 times that difference to one of today's processors and you wouldn't even notice in day to day use.
...and that's why we now have tamper evident containers, before that there weren't peel off covers inside the lid of almost anything.
I was experimenting with pairing to an unsupported device, and I found that every time I went back to my iPhone the settings were lost -- it was as if every pairing back to my iPhone was a new connection.  Is it possible that you're doing something similar?
Yeah, that's why I turned it off. It would stay around long after I was done playing audio, I almost never saw my watch face. I've found that the entry on the Siri face works better for me, with the now playing screen kept in the dock. 
Any chance that it's earwax impaction?  Have you tried other headphones?
Now join us over in r/barefoothiking :)
Got them a few minutes after your response. I was amazed by the litteral 3 seconds from opening package to listening to music!!  You can read reviews all day, but until you experience it, it's hard to comprehend how much better it really is!!

Now I need to find some time to update my MacBook so that I can switch back and forth and use them there. Maybe later this week. 
I wish you could customize what's on the force touch list.  We have so many Apple devices on one account that the ones I don't care to find as often push the ones I do off the list since the other person's name is alphabetically before mine.
https://9to5mac.com/2017/09/27/how-to-stop-now-playing-auto-launching-watch/
Haha... literally placed an order < 5 minutes ago for same-day pickup in store later today (my old earphones broke last weekend)... I might just go to your subreddit. :-)

(won't be posting a selfie)
Mine still works just fine.  I don't need the updates, it does what I bought it to do.  I turn on WiFi periodically to sync, but mostly just side-load books, which it'll do until I break it or the battery dies.
The PW1 stopped getting updates quite some time ago.
Wow, such a simple concept, but so addicting, and frustrating at times when it looks simple, but isn't!  One level left before the lock. 

Curious what's on the other side. 
Awesome, I suspect you'll love it. 

I've only done spinach from that list, and it juiced very well. The only thing I've had slight issues with is juicing a lot of fibrous materials all at once (like fennel greens) as the fibers twist around the auger.   

I've never had my own juicer before, so I cannot compare, but I used to help my dad juice using his Norwalk juicer when I was young. It was a very different experience, more work, messier, and noisier. Though, it probably extracted more with the high pressure jack press. 
I found this out once by accident. When Lipton changed their boxes to the new yellow design with pictures instead of the plain red they had before I brought some home (as usual, it was already a staple in my home for iced tea) and found myself suddenly really really wanting the tea as I looked at the new box, completely shocked at how effective the new design was in making me desire the product that I already used. 
Isn't Beats 1 free?  You could ask it to play that. 
Mechanical keyboard, and test board?  Nice!
Blank keyboard, nice. :-)
It's possible that you have a vocal tic, but don't recognize it.  From movementdisorders.org :

> Simple vocal tics consist of sounds that do not form words, such as: throat clearing, grunting, coughing, and sniffing.

A few comments on the specific tics that you mention, the first sounds almost exactly like my son's, exasperated by wearing a backpack in his case.  The second one sounds a lot like you've got a feeling of needing symmetry, this is something that I've dealt with a lot... tic a little on the left, now I need to tic on the right, nope, out of balance, a little more on the left, oops... right...  not exactly the same, but similar.   And I can definitely empathize with the blinking as if you could blink a little bit harder!

Good luck on your search for answers!
Ours goes crazy when he's got shed that hasn't quite fallen off. I often put a flat finger near his face and let him rub against it, which he seems to like and it knocks off the loose skin. 
Nice try. Cosmetic surgery and tons of makeup is a choice that she makes, that is what makes her look artificial.  It projects an image that I do not find the least bit attractive. 
No, let's be honest, I don't do that.  I don't "fuck" women I barely know, and I don't brag about who I've been with.

I'm gaining a better perspective of why some of my female friends are so wary when they first meet a guy, always assuming the guy probably just wants in her pants. 
And not even a lie really. Network changes happen, always did. If the doctor stayed in the network, and you chose a plan with your doctor in network, you could keep them. 
I'm not into that look. I like women who don't look like they're made out of plastic. The guys I hang out with also like real women.  I don't "bring home girls", that phrasing alone implies a lack of respect.  Maybe you'd find the women that I find attractive to be homely, but I'm attracted to the whole package.
Yuck. She looks and acts so fake. So many real women out there that are way more appealing, why would you want that?
I'm confused.  You're a moderator of TeslaMotors, why shouldn't you see the moderator menu?
Toys or real?  I see trucks on the road for the Lucky grocery chain in California even though I think they've long since gone under. 
I had a Kmart one. See how much good it did for them. Seems overblown. 
http://www.skepticblog.org/2012/05/24/mpg-vs-l100km/
I bought the similar NC800, refurbished last week and I LOVE it. It came packed like brand new, I'd never know that it was refurbished other than the 2 year warranty instead of 15. It was only $180 with a third party 4 year warranty (square trade). 

I've juiced almost everything I can get through it and it had been perfect, hasn't bogged at all, and makes great juice.  Haven't tried to make nut butter yet, but the sorbet with frozen bagged fruits is amazing. 

I made orange juice yesterday, and put some of the pulp back in (we love extra pulp on) and it was the best I've ever had!!  I tried to hand squeeze the remaining pulp and couldn't get a single drop out. 

That said, I've mostly done veggie juice, and the greens are great. The only slight negative is that very stringy stuff (like celery) does get wrapped around the auger, so I did pull it out and clean it after the celery, but it only took a few seconds.  The whole thing is super easy to clean too, which I love!!

Edit: did the nut butter, came out amazing. Used mixed nuts from the bulk section and added a little Olive oil for creaminess (though next time I'll use an oil with a more neutral flavor). 
Stop teasing us with your logical measurements. 
Really?  I've found them to be disappointingly weak. :)
He's a very quiet guy, but I wouldn't call him a nutter. I have seen him a few times, been to an event at his home, but the first time I met him was while out foraging. Him and his foraging companion were at the car at the same time as us. We were trying to ID something (using his books) and his friend was trying to help us figure it out and he stood there silently not saying a word. It wasn't until the next time we meet them that we realized who he'd been. Haha
Feels odd to discuss shoes in a barefoot subreddit, but thanks for the heads up.  Z-trek sandals are the only shoes I ever wear, when I'm forced to wear something, so I grabbed a second pair for $18!
Server time and power consumption are extremely valuable, and there are few faster languages. 
I temporarily went back to the ESR (extended service release) to keep vimperator working a bit longer.  Vim Vixen was very close, but not quite there.  I hope that by the time the ESR moves on to the new platform the plugins will be more mature. (I am running the new release w/ Vim Vixen on my Macbook to keep an eye on the progress).
That used to be my experience here as well, but they've improved greatly. I hope that others have improved as well. 
Not sure which state, but I recently went to a DMV here in CA and was seen within minutes (had an appointment) and didn't have to wait a moment longer than necessary, and everybody was pleasant and nice -- and then reality hit... and it had actually happened!
I lost 60 lbs some time ago.  Once while travelling with my old passport I was leaving Israel and the girl at security looks at me, looks down at my pic, looks at me, looks down.. I start to get worried  when she finally touches her cheeks and says something like "got skinny!"  haha... phew... was worried I'd be detained in a foreign country. :-)
As a user of i3wm, I really hope this doesn't become a required behavior in the future. 
> Stegonography

Yeah, though I generally don't think of that term so much as describing an attack vector, but to describe the practice of hiding information with the intention of somebody else who knows it's there finding it, but not the intermediaries.
Mine aren't the same list, but they're similarly annoying.  My "favorite" being that whenever I first make eye contact with an attractive person I make a stupid motion of pushing my lower jaw out, flexing the neck two or three times, blinking, then opening my mouth wide...  yeah... great first impressions. haha
I've had the same experience.  Some people seem to notice right away, others I assume would have noticed after a long time knowing me seem shocked when I bring it up.  Most people don't see me at my worst as it's generally in the evenings, and it'd be impossible not to notice then.
Yeah, people who don't have TS say I'm imagining it when I notice tics all of the time.  It's amazing how many people have them, they just don't rise to the level that anybody pays attention -- it's not until they become painful, disruptive, or excessive that it is worth giving it a name and trying to find ways to cope.  My tics are, fortunately, relatively mild during the day (they get much much worse in the evenings, under severe stress, or when thinking about them [like now, haha]), so most of my acquaintances don't even realize I have TS.
In the classes that I took we did very simple logic circuits that would take inputs with switches and perform simple actions like add the numbers represented by the switch and display the answer using led lights, or count how many times you pressed a button, or... stuff like that (it's been 25 years, I don't remember exactly what the projects were).  We used these big wooden boxes that basically had a power supply and bread board and assembled the projects, or would "wire-wrap" them on a board to make them a little more permanent.

If this interests you, there are cheap and easy kits available that are much more advanced and interesting now.  I bought one for my teenage son and we had a lot of fun building little projects:

Something like this (quick search, not a recommendation per se):

https://www.amazon.com/Elegoo-Complete-Ultimate-TUTORIAL-Mega2560/dp/B01EWNUUUA

Comes with motors, servos, etc.  No low level logic chips (you probably don't want to play around at that level anyhow, of 1 AND 1 = 1, 1 XOR 1 = 0, 1 OR 1 = 1), but still really fun and you can do much more interesting stuff very quickly with the programmable Arduino.
I understand that, and that's why I said "in comparison", because

    add eax, 50

Is still higher level of abstraction than,  

     100000111100000000110010

....even if it's a simple lookup.


> In fact, you can "play" any file you want through your speakers. However, for 99% of all the files you try, it will just sound like static unless you attempt to play an actual audio WAV file. 

And I'm sure you know this, but adding something else interesting for the person you're replying to:  you can "execute" code that is part of your data files (such as pictures or music).  Modern operating systems and processors have protections against this, but this is and was a major source of security issues.  If an attacker could get an image, string of text, or audio file in a known location with machine instructions hidden in it they could take advantage of flaws in the program to get it to jump to that location in its execution and run code of their choosing. 
I'm not the person you asked, but I had to do that in school ages ago as well.

We did build logic circuits ourselves, but what u/Bourbon-neat- probably meant was that [s]he, like I, had to look up the assembly instructions (jump to address, load register, add, multiply, etc) to see what the actual machine instruction was in binary (ones and zeros) and then put all of the ones and zeroes in the right order to give instructions in the lowest possible level, because even assembly language, which is hard for even professional programmers, is still "high level" in comparison.


That doesn't contradict what I said, but veg* who scream about evil when somebody decides to eat meat once in a while do more harm than good IMO.  For example, I once ordered a veggie burger (only option) in this middle of nowhere place. They brought it out and on first bite it was a turkey paty. I considered just eating it, the deed was already done, and just throwing it away felt more disrespectful, but was afraid my stomach couldn't take it. They cooked another, brought it out, same thing. Now we'd wasted two. They then realized that they couldn't tell the two patties apart when frozen.  I ended up with a shitty veggie burger after that, but it still bothered me that by not eating the first, two were wasted. Would I have been immoral to eat it? I think eating it would have been more moral. 
Just noticed that the caption wasn't part of the image:

> Sorry we missed the heist -- we got sidetracked when Roscoe smelled
some truffles.

Continuing to act and live like I'm in my 20s when I can get away with it. :-)
In the meantime I think that we would attract far more by making veg options look like something appealing rather than a fundamentalist cult where you're judged for not being pure enough.
I like having side by side editor windows, so a wide ratio is great. 
Itchy ears!! That shed!
I love how you can see all of the same elements of a modern engine doing their work in that old engine.  You can see the concept of cam lobes, lifters, lifter springs, piston, crankshaft, flywheel, etc...  and you can count the cycles and hear each one individually... 
That's awesome!  I never saw that when it came out!
I know FAR more ex-vegetarians who gave up than still-vegetarians that are sticking with it -- I think being overly fundamentalist about it contributes.  People find it hard to be fully vegetarian, so they give up completely and go back to their old habits.

I would much rather everybody gave up 80% of their meat consumption than a few die-hard people manage 100%.  If the majority gave up 80% then it would be easier for the 100%ers as well as there would be more vegetarian options available in restaurants, etc, and global animal suffering and environmental damage would be greatly reduced.
I recently admitted to my gf of 13 years (who I was living with) that I have daydreamed of being alone for years and years... so much pain.  I go back and forth between feeling like I've made the worst imaginable mistake to relief.  The thing is, the relationship was amazing, but I've just never been alone... I married too young, then went very quickly from divorce to living with her.  A year ago a life situation forced me to move to another town a few hours away and I've been living full time with my teenage son (who was living with my ex-wife most of the time), just the two of us, and I treated it as an opportunity -- but I fear the regrets.
Those videos always feel so fake, but regardless I'd be interested in trying it, even though I don't generally eat fast food.  Why can't we have such a thing in the US?  It seems like there's enough interest in vegetarian food, at least in the coastal states, to make it work.  Burger King has one, why can't McDonald's?
The flashlight opens a brightness screen, which is effectively the same idea. The usability factor currently sucks. 
As others have pointed out, the housing might have come out of a stop. Moreover, once you've "removed" (loosened, removing it could make things more complicated if you can't figure out how to align the clamping piece) that bolt you have to readjust the indexing. Given the nature of the question, I doubt OP is ready for that.

Some advice is likely to cause people more pain, such as what you recommended. 
Not great advice for somebody who doesn't know why it's "sticking out", you're suggesting something more advanced than a beginning home mechanic is ready to handle. 
Maybe they're actually what people want to discuss?
No, 3d touch should give a list of devices/networks to connect/disconnect to/from. 
It probably depends where you life, but I recently moved to a new place where I had connections, but didn't really know anybody socially, and quickly stared meeting people.  Just hang out in coffee shops, go to open mic nights, find a local advocacy group for a cause you care about... just put yourself out there.

If you stay home and watch TV and read reddit, then yeah you'll not meet anybody. :-)

Can't say about the married/single aspect, haven't tried both. :-)  I don't think that any of the connections I've made would have mattered.
Yeah, I'm hoping it'll show up soon -- it's in the issue tracker.
Or, you know... use both, depending on the task at hand...
I suspect that what they're saying is that they can detect certain patterns that indicate that a person who might otherwise not be aware should go in for further attention -- I doubt they're making any claim about it's efficacy as a final diagnostic tool.
I charge mine when I'm getting ready for bed and when getting ready in the morning.  It's more than enough to keep up with wearing it the rest of the day & night.
How do you find the time to review the entire source code for your system and compile it all yourself?  You must be a prodigy!
And I find Mac OS to be very productive, maybe it's the user in your case?

I say this as somebody who has used Linux since 1994, and other Unix systems before that. 
Fine on my iPhone. 
What kind of trails do you hike, and how far?  I find that some trails are just too much, especially the sharp and rough granite in the Sierra Nevadas at ~7500ft and higher -- if I do more than about 8 miles I sometimes need to put something on.
It's probably woo (I don't believe in the stuff), but the reflexology people claim that foot massage can aide with weight loss too... one can hope, right? ;-)

Good job on taking a barefooted step toward improving your life! :-)  The posture improvements alone make my joints feel so much better and I'm no longer carrying the extra weight that used to put more stress on mine, good to hear that you're feeling it too.
It also seems that you can't use counts with some commands (like next/previous tab) and that the 'gi' command is missing (go to input box, w/ count to go to the nth input box).
I've tried some other vim style plugins, but they all seem to be missing something on vimperator/pentadactyl, none seem to be anywhere near as powerful.
Goodbye my dear vimperator. :`(

EDIT:  Found vim-vixen from a comment in this thread... it's 99% what I wanted!  I had to remap gt and gT for next/prev tab, wish that it had the gi command (goto input box), and wish that it worked with counts (like go 3 tabs back), but otherwise it's a great start... maybe another few releases and it'll be there!
It doesn't help that Amazon reportedly mixes bins of the same item as if they're fungible.  So, if 20 vendors all claim to sell the exact same product and Amazon is doing the fulfillment, the 19 legit vendors' products are mixed in with the 1 counterfeit seller's products, so it doesn't matter who the actual seller is, you still risk getting the fake.


Thanks. As I read this I see the FedEx truck pulling up. :)
Is that even juicing though?  That's more like just buying pre-made juice in a bag.
Maybe I'm not pure enough, but I don't fret these tiny details -- if I miss something, so be it, especially when eating out (I'm not going to torture the waiter beyond asking for the high level details).  I'll avoid it if I know it.  If even 1/2 of the world just gave up the obvious stuff we'd be far better off (and the animals would be too), but when we make vegetarianism into a fundamentalist behavior we alienate people who might otherwise give it a try.
I'm not a design expert, but here's my feedback:

Overall I like the message and the first impression of the presentation -- it's eye catching.  That said, I have some feedback meant as constructive criticism:

 * poor contrast.  Green on greens, visually busy background makes text harder to read.
 * too many fonts
 * too many text colors -- though it seems like you're trying to use the logo colors
 * it feels off balance
 * too much text, I wouldn't read it all

As for too much text, consider shorter versions like:

 * Meat production accounts for 70% of global water use
 * Meat production accounts for 20% of greenhouse gas emisions
 * <remove the protein one>
 * <antibiotics one is good>
 * Reduce your carbon footprint by 8 lbs CO2 per day

(not perfect, but that's the idea)

EDIT:  your 2 & 3 footnotes wrap into each other

EDIT2:  And maybe avoid furthering the stereotype that vegetarian food is just salads... maybe have a food item that is more "comfort food", but still healthy, like a really juicy looking veggie burger w/ a patty that is obviously grain based, and offset in a corner so that the text doesn't cover it...
I'm fine if the hike will be < 8 miles... beyond that I still carry minimalist sandals in case the terrain gets too rough.

As for shopping and stuff, I've kind of given up and just put on my minimalist sandals before going in, they live under the seat of my car.
Haha.... my son's beardie was sitting on my arm when I played this and his tongue started flicking as he watched it....
I can't imagine owning a drill press, but not a Dremel.
I suspect that you might be interested in the Yale Global Tic Severity Scale.

http://dcf.psychiatry.ufl.edu/files/2011/06/TIC-YGTSS-Clinician.pdf

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yale_Global_Tic_Severity_Scale

You should probably ask your doctor to help you evaluate the results.
Be aware when adding a PPA (or any apt source) that you're trusting the maintainer. If they put a malicious version of a system library that claims to be newer than the official version, your system will replace the official version with the malicious version. 
Mine does, better than an alarm with sound, and I don't wake up with my heart pounding. I recommend you try it!
Thanks!  :) Today I mentioned the juicer to my parents and they said I should have taken their Norwalk juicer that's currently unused. Doh!! Haha. 
Massage can help reduce the tension, which can be a trigger for me. Massage also helps keep everything aligned so that the violent neck tics don't cause as much pain. 

Otherwise, hope it goes away. 
I use my RealName on a subreddit related to my profession, and this one for day to day use. 
Teach me... I wanna be the guy who's not afraid to wear crazy socks! :-)
You are very attractive in both pictures, but I bet that you're thrilled with your current healthy weight.  Good job!  I'm curious how much of the transformation was the juicing and how much was the hard work -- either way, that's awesome. :-)
:-)  Haha... it's just funny that it ended at the side-eye... did he snag it, or decide it wasn't worth the trouble and walk away. Suspense!
Oh, fungal toenails are the worst... habitually shod people who suddenly put on sandals can be disgusting!!
I've been doing the barefoot thing on and off for about 20 years, consistently for about a year now, having worn nothing more substantial than xero-shoes sandals more than 3 or 4 days in the last year (since I got them, Chacos or flip-flops before that), and even that just long enough to walk through a store that I know to be hostile to my habits.  I'm sitting barefoot in a coffee shop right now and nobody is glaring at my feet. :-)  [don't ask me why it's socially acceptable to wear a 5mm strap of material across the top of my foot and a 3mm slab of thin rubber underneath, but not go barefoot]

If you were to glance at my feet (when cleaned), you'd never say "oh, he walks barefoot", if that helps.

Before consistent barefooting:

 * flat feet, unable to wear shoes with arch support because the pressure hurt my arches
 * very narrow feet, unable to fit most shoes because they fit quite sloppily
 * mild bunions and cramped small toes
 * stinky

After consistent barefooting:

 * extremely high and strong arch
 * reduced bunions
 * wider toe spacing in the small toes
 * very smooth skin, top and bottom, thickening that can be quite noticeably felt, but not seen
 * a bit of a light staining that doesn't completely wash off
 * no smell

Regular cleaning is to just wipe them with wet/soapy towel and clean out the toenails.  If I need them to look more presentable I lightly scour with a pedicure pad (basically sandpaper on a stick) that I found at the dollar store and use Lava brand soap.  It doesn't remove any (much?) skin, but is just enough to remove the surface grime, and leaves just a mild discoloration.    I go for massage for my bad posture on a regular basis, and my MT is really the only reason I give them a thorough scrubbing.  She understands that they're actually clean and doesn't seem to mind the staining as she's a good friend of mine and sometimes walks barefoot with me and sometimes we run together (though she wears shoes for that).  She has commented that my feet feel stronger than any that she's ever massaged.
I'm afraid of full grown horn worms, those things are evil. :-)  Try to pick one off of your tomatoes and they'll lash out with the fire of 1000 devils!


Vids that end too soon... 
Yeah, it's missing the lever over the right rear wheel to lock it up and send you into a drift....

https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51h1hEqoakL._SL1000_.jpg

I do not have steps, but have seen it as well, from the very first release.  Moreover, a few days ago I posted about a touch-id loop where the app gets stuck in a loop of showing/hiding the touch-id prompt and makes the phone unusable.  I've not tested it on today's bug-fix release, but it happened in both the first release as well as the first bug-fix release.
Looks like a great video.  Unfortunately the sniffing tic is way too contagious and I couldn't finish it. :-/
Well, now I no longer have to wonder what's on that DVD-R on my desk, but instead wonder what's in that folded Les Schwab Tires estimate.
Everything you say is true, IF you're talking about a small family farm where people have a few sheep and chickens grazing around the garden, but wool as an industry is a mess.

In order to keep the wool cleaner they dock (cut off) their tails, remove skin around the buttocks (mulesing), selectively breed for insane amounts of hot and heavy wool growth, etc.  The mutilation is done without anesthesia.

High yield farming involves mutilation and torture worthy of a horror movie.
Why is there a "straight X" button at all? That's nuts and just reinforces shitty party politics. 
If they leave the range before I notice and it doesn't connect to any wifi networks, it can still be used for Apple Pay until I deactivate the cards. 
Jackfruit and Durian have a similar pungency. Durian is worse. :-)
Not at all.  It has almost no smell.  I can't stand the smell of Jackfruit (and thus the reason I've had a hard time ever eating it), but canned it's fine.
Mmm.... cole-slaw!  I never thought of putting that on mine!
I was too lazy to type it out on mobile, plus I didn't know how to spell it -- it was easier to type out when I was back at the computer. :-)
Milanesse Loop, not size.  They're held on with a magnet, not a buckle.
There are some skilled thiefs who can remove a watch undetected using misdirection.  I don't wear a ML band, but that one in particular seems risky. 
Narwhal is another very good app, and I find myself going back and forth between the two.  That said, I chose to pay because I understand, as a software developer, how much work can go into writing an app.   You can easily find yourself spending an entire day trying to fix the most minor looking visual glitch -- that's worth money.

You're paying for Narwhal too, just by having to have an ad on the screen.  If that's OK with you, great, otherwise there's a pro version of Narwhal too.
I find myself unlocking manually most of the time anyhow, so I'm thinking of turning it off for that very security reason. If a thief were to put it on and wait nearby, eventually I might accidentally unlock it for them.
Do you ever find your clients charming and get a rise from their talk, or is it purely routine?  

Is it ever difficult to 'fake it' if you're in a bad mood or upset about something, or has it become a script that you can play w/o really having to 'get in character'?
I was in a similar age-gap relationship, w/ marriage.  We had two children.  The age gap had nothing to do with the ultimate demise of our relationship (relationships fail for many reasons) and TBH, I never really thought about it until something forced me to.  I wish you luck.

So, I'm probably supposed to include a question in a top level comment, so here goes:

Early in our relationship the age gap did bother me some.  I used to sit in bed and "do the math" and think about where I was or she was at different points in each other's lives... do you ever find yourself doing that?  If so, what's the funniest one that has come to mind for you, and which is the most unsettling?

BTW, I've been with two older women in my life (the other 10 years older).  From the man's perspective, please don't be a mother -- every once in a while it can feel like you're being treated like the child, and that did bother me a few times.  I wanted a partner, not a mother. :-)
Client perspective here... my current therapist (the most amazing ever!) and the one I went to before moving both have tattoos... I couldn't care less, and I have zero tattoos myself. 
How wrong can he be?!?  The more you understand about how a flower does what a flower does and how a flower becomes the flower that it is, the more amazing it becomes!


Two very dangerous phrases:

 * Whoa, that's strange.... (almost always leads to finding a very serious bug)

 * Interesting, that shouldn't ever work... 
Hey, there it is!!! :)
I didn't even see a regular random button... where is it?
Interesting.  Thanks for adding real data to the discussion. 
Make sense... it does say list all of those steps on the phone before the watch shows any activity.
Oh, you again... you're the one who got on my case for posting anti-Trump posts in in r/the_baffoon that actually got me banned.

There is value in discussing our disagreements and not just hiding out in our little bubbles.  It's not WHERE they post, but what they post there that matters.
The way I specified it here works at the command line... I don't use the control center, so I don't care to add a binding and try it, I'll let somebody else do that. :-)
The watch is particularly slow, appears to be talking to the phone over Bluetooth.  I don't know why it doesn't download the binaries over WiFi, but it definitely appears to be transferring via the phone.
Fixed... I think I was misunderstanding the different color settings.

I'm now using this setting, and it does what I want:

     client.focused #555555 #555555 #ffffff #2e9ef4     #CC0000

I'm suspecting that either the color usage changed between versions, or there was actually a bug in the older versions.
Better would be to launch the control center with the env set just for the single run:

    XDG_CURRENT_DESKTOP="Unity" unity-control-center

I think you can bind it the same way, but haven't tried it.
Take a peek at my post history. If we're in the same area (should be easy to figure out :-) ) PM me, I'd be happy to hang out a bit, grab a coffee or beer, and moan about the world while staying generally positive. :)
Glad I could help... haha... no, not really... it's quite uncomfortable, though my daughter and I often laughed about it afterward.

BTW, I said European as in heritage... I live in the US, to give some context to the culture I'm speaking of.
Why can women wear knee length skirts, but men cannot wear shorts, even in non-formal office workplaces?
Speaking of double standards, men can cry too, and I'm literally crying for you.  Sorry to hear that, I hope that you can find at least a few supportive people to help you work through that so that you don't have to bottle it up.
Wait until she's 16.  My daughter is half asian, I contributed the other half (north European mutt), so we look very different.  About the time she turned 16 we started getting very strange treatment from people who obviously assumed that us being together was something very different, and you could see their odd internal jump when I'd say she was my daughter.
Even advertising is still extremely sexist.  Do an image search for "<<BRAND>>> vacuum cleaner commercial" and tell me how many men you can find using the vacuum.   Dyson has men in their commercials, always the designers/engineers, women using them.  Shark, all women... other brands you can search and you'll find vintage ads, but even modern ads all women.  Miele seems to have about equal male/female ratio in the ads that I can find, but seems to mostly focus on the product not the model.

I'm a man, and I love to vacuum, and I love a good high-quality vacuum cleaner.  Sebo D4 and a Panasonic <??> here, both bagged canister models.
There was a major problem with a shady ad provider a while back. The dev finally managed to fix it. Maybe another has figured out a way?  Maybe you should send the dev screenshots of the offending ads so they can be identified. 
Thank you. The parent thing is awesome, I just did it with your reply in the inbox!! Nice touch!!
How do you use the 3D touch features?  I don't see a lot of value in "popping"... maybe for a photo post to quickly see it, w/o having to navigate back, but then my finger is in the way.  For actually opening a post, a tap seems better.

Any suggestions on how to find value in the feature?
I've lived in two apartment complexes in the last year, both have an office that's open on weekdays during the normal work hours.  Neither is a luxury apartment, neither in a large city (small-ish college town, away from the normal college student living area), neither were huge complexes.  Almost every place I tried that had more than 20 or so units had an office.
Gaps is for people more interested in showing off than getting work done. :) Pure i3 is better.
Hope she doesn't make you wish you were never corn. 
Too bad her parents keep such a close eye on her that you cantaloupe. 
People going to a restaurant in a large group.
It's usually on the receipt, and written on the menu somewhere.
One small detail keeps me using narwhal more, which is how it combines the article and comments views so that your never far away from either and it's very fast and easy to switch between them. If I go through comments first, in Apollo, then it's an additional tap to the article. If I go article first, I have to navigate back then forward to get to the comments (except for photo posts, which make it easy to get back to comments). If there were a link to comments in the article view I think I'd prefer Apollo. 
I dunno, I don't see a pencil, and then there's vintage collecting. I mean, he could buy a Mac SE, a Newton, an Apple II, a Lisa, a....
I scanned the polaroid on my scanner, which only supports 600 dpi.  I hope the resolution is high enough.  I would be very grateful if somebody could correct the color, remove some of the damage, and make it suitable for me to have printed locally.  I can make it a little bit better, but nowhere close to what you wonderful people are capable of!
I agree with your point, but find myself having to look them up on emojipedia when texting people w/ different phones to be sure that they'll have the same apparent meaning on the other wide, otherwise they can lead to a whole new cause of confusion.  Unfortunately I don't always know which phone or messaging app they're using, so I can't be certain -- I wish that there was a way to see how it'd render on the receiving side.
And how is hearing damage any more likely with earpods?  You don't have to turn it louder, you know that, right?  I keep my volume where I can still hold a conversation. 
Same here. Squishy in-ear earphones hurt me, I can't wear them for very long, and I hate the complete isolation in most cases.  If I want isolation, over-ear headphones feel more natural. For portable use, ear-pods (haven't tried air-pods) are near perfect IMO. 
I'm curious how so many people know what cat food tastes like. :)
I remember standing by and watching them film various portions of it around town, particularly a car chase scene and a party scene. I've never watched it (well out of the target demographic when it came out), but it would be interesting for nostalgia, especially the old downtown plaza, which I miss. 

There was another movie filmed around the same time... Ruby ridge or something like that.  They wanted to use my car for period accuracy. I didn't because they wanted to paint it, and I didn't want it touched. 
Frustrating that there's a perception of risk. Of all the risks I can think of, they all apply to my minimal sandals and flip-flops equally. Flip-flops have the additional risk of being a tripping hazard, yet nobody has signs warning about those.

I just ran/walked about 7 miles in the park. One man concerned about my safety, and as usual, zero injuries. I'd say the park is a bigger risk than most stores. 
I can't say that I've ever had the experience of not ticcing causing anxiety, but do have general anxiety, which feels related to me.  There have been times when I really need to tic, but cannot for one reason or another (not enough space, holding a hot dish with nowhere to put it, etc) and the pressure of having to hold it in can be a bit much and can feel a bit like anxiety, but it passes quickly once I can let it out.

EDIT:  Strange that this was at the very top of the "new queue, but is 2 months old... hope the answer was still helpful.:-)
I'm impressed -- I literally said "good bike handling skills!" out loud when I saw that.  Most people would have steered away from the car, he must have a lot of experience to know to steer into it and stay off the brake to stay upright and not get crushed.

EDIT:  That said, I agree with others who point out that it probably could have been avoided by better riding before the accident.
I look forward to it then. :)
If you still need additional mods I'd be glad to help. I hope that my post history, here and elsewhere, shows me to be worthy. :)
As a forager myself I'm still uncomfortable with eating mushrooms I'm unfamiliar with picked by people whose skills I don't know. I can't blame people who don't know for themselves. 
Speculating here, but if the battery is low then maybe a high current discharge could turn the phone off before it can properly shut down, leading to data corruption?
Servings per container is bullshit... they should just give total calories on any packaged goods like that because everybody knows that everybody eats the entire bag.

EDIT:  I was referring to the example in the link.
I've been looking at the HomeBrew vs. MacPorts debate.  It looks like my original concern with HomeBrew has been mostly resolved (intermingling with system libraries), so I might give it another look when I'm ready to update.  I've not liked the MacPorts experience, and I find it to be very time consuming to keep it up to date.
Apparently Apple doesn't officially publish EOL information, and doesn't publish an EOL statement, but the history has been 3 years and most people speculate that Yosemite went out of support last month -- and I've not seen any recent updates, so I think that's true.
Thanks for the feedback, I'll research the current issues with High Sierra -- I definitely don't want to update twice.  My current impetus is the recent information about WPA2 WiFi security, and I'd like to stay patched on that as I spend a lot of time on WiFi.
Thanks for your input.  Do you happen to use either of those tools that I mentioned?  (MacPorts or Parallels)
Then don't clip it, desolder it, they couldn't prove that it was ever properly soldered on in the first place.
Download my script for drying your cat, works perfectly, trust me.
The "outside" has been marketed too...
That chapter title is frustrating for a book that was meant for teaching about Linux!!

https://groups.google.com/forum/m/?fromgroups#!topic/comp.unix.solaris/CtGaZqWiFNc

> There is no such thing as "X Windows" or "X Window", despite the repeated misuse of the forms by the trade rags.  This probably tells you something about how much to trust the trade rags -- if they can't even get the NAME of the window system right, why should one trust anything else they have  to say?

> -- the guy who was responsible for its releases!!


That's what I was going to suggest. my night guard is basically just Invisalign, and is not at all uncomfortable, and almost undetectable. 
It's approaching winter in the northern hemisphere.  There are many cold people on the street and socks are often a favorite as they don't have access to laundry facilities and their clothing doesn't last them very long.
Agreed, it seems so simple, but for some reason it's horrible. I've tried a few apps and wasted some money, but no improvement. 
That's amazing, and it'll be interesting to see more of these stories come in.  I've found it interesting looking back at my heart rate data for a few significant life events.  I can document almost to the minute when certain things happened, getting a call about a major medical emergency, waiting for news from the surgeon, anxiety while worrying about a friend... our heart rate says a lot about us.
I had the ~1984 Optimize Prime (the original) as a kid... I wonder if that's still at my parents' house somewhere.
How did I never notice that!! Thank you!!
Not narwhal, just tried it. 
Capable of running a 15" laptop for half a day?  :)
Thanks for the reply, it feels good to know that a measured response was encouraging and inspired you to give it a try. :-)
I had the same thought.  Luckily none of my tics would affect my driving, unless they get really bad, but I have a lot of advance notice before that happens as it builds up over time.  A leg tic that causes you to not be able to control the car is concerning.  Moreover, I'm sure a lawyer would be glad to present this video in court if he were to ever hit a pedestrian. (and let's please hope that never happens!)
I don't want to pile on the person that you're referring to, so I'll add my agreement here.  Giving up meat wasn't so hard, except for when traveling and having to eat out a lot.  Even eating far less meat would be a great improvement and reduce suffering.  If our meat consumption were to fall to a more sustainable level then the conditions in which the remaining animals live would also improve as there'd be less 'need' for factory farms, which are the worst offenders.

Personally, I'd rather millions greatly reduce their meat consumption than thousands completely give it up.
And on a related note, who hasn't read the subject line of every single email when their manager decided to look for an email in the middle of a meeting while projecting?
But FukoPops, those are different and won't be the next beanie baby! (actual claim I saw on a youtube video of some crazy guy who buys tons of them at local stores)
I picture Trump with his lollipop, crying, and asking his staff why crooked Hillary told Mensa to be mean to him, pausing between words to sniff the dangling snot back into his nose. 
Old?  Old is remembering when cabs didn't have card readers.
I love how you even quoted the incorrect usage of your. :-)

(and if it wasn't intentional, we can pretend that it was, because it's funny)
That one upsets me so much.  

Here I am in the position of being in the tax bracket that would end up with the largest relative burden (because we know the rich wouldn't let their taxes go up), and yet I'm the one supporting it while my family who needs it so badly screams about how evil leftists are for wanting to take away their freedom to die in the streets.

These are the same people who complain when they don't get unemployment benefits right away because their job paid them a severance one year, and then scream about handouts the next year.  The same people who scream about how evil government run health care is, but then are first in line to get it when something major happens.
Hyper bowl, right? :-)
If you do a google search for "pronounce <word>" there are a series of great Youtube videos that will almost always come up as the first result that have multiple people pronouncing the word.  Here's the one for that:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw25CM1MXlU
> epitome

oh... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw25CM1MXlU

ooops.
So many words that I've never heard... that's me.

Most embarrassing (for me) was the word 'subtle'... late high school before I figured it out.
Geez... I was already hungry, thanks a lot... 
Thanks for writing this.  I was getting frequent popups asking for my account credentials for quite a while and they always made me feel quite uncomfortable.  I had the instinct to cancel them right away and go to account settings, but even then I wondered what workflow I was interrupting as I never knew why they were popping up.  It's bad when even an experienced user can't even figure out why the phone is asking for credentials as it just trains people to type their password whenever asked.

EDIT:  A similar concern is the fact that things can pop up with touchID requests and immediately take your thumbprint as input (aka, the same action as going to your home screen at that very moment).  I know it would be slightly less convenient, but I wish that touch ID for anything other than unlocking the phone would require a second action to confirm that it was intentional.
I have a friend who is a MT.  I don't know the specifics of her finances, but:

She shows up for her client's appointment early to prepare the room and meditate and get into a relaxed mindframe focused on the client.  Afterward she has to stay behind and clean up and later wash the sheets.  Some people can probably minimize this work, but for her there's at least 1/2 hr overhead for every massage (and probably more in her case).  She also has to rent the room she works out of and pay for insurance in case she injures a client in addition to the laundry costs, website hosting, etc, etc.  Her training cost her thousands of dollars, and she is frequently buying new books to continue her self-education and wants to take even more training (again, thousands of dollars).  On top of all of that she can't work a "full" 8 hour day, it would destroy her body.

I'd say that the massage is underpriced.
Cows, pigs, sheep, and chickens all have this same type of motherly instinct and love their babies as well.
My response from a client's perspective:

I've been working with an amazing therapist who has improved my quality of life immensely.  I started with an hour per week and eventually transitioned to two hours, every other week.  I miss the weekly attention to my aches, but find that the two hour massages are significantly better as she has much more time to focus on the whole picture and doesn't have to pick and choose as much.  The entire body works as a unit and having her address everything that she can find seems to be much more effective in keeping things working well in between visits -- my body doesn't regress to its twisted and painful state as quickly, even though I abuse it every day sitting in front of a computer.

I know that it can be expensive, and you might be tempted to go for shorter sessions, but for me it's been worth every penny.  45 minutes will be gone before you even know it, even an hour feels short.
Everybody has intrusive thoughts.  As long as we don't act on them, we cannot be blamed for them.  Please don't be too hard on yourself for it, I'm sure that it is a very difficult and stressful situation.  In my own family we are struggling w/ a decision about whether to continue life support and I know that it is painful for everybody involved to see a loved one suffer.
Wow, I never could have deduced that, glad that you pointed that out.
I hope that you had bigger concerns than that in your list of issues that you prioritize.  While I completely agree with your position, I think that MAYBE 1% would, and not the 1% that run this country.
True, I understand humor, but humour is just confusing... where the hell does that extraneous letter come from? :-)

EDIT: and in case you're not going to get that... yes, I f'n know that it's the British spelling.
Do people seriously not understand humor?  If I'd said that the video was an April Fools prank it would have ruined the humor of it. Just like the video description doesn't give it away, I didn't either.
The title is incorrect, the prize was successfully claimed:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_0E1XJP33E
It's not just the supreme court, but many other federal courts as well. Looking at the SC you don't see any difference between the rulings of those nominated by Democrats compared to those nominated by Republicans?  You don't see any difference in the votes of Democrats and Republicans in Congress?  

We're not big enough to win at that level. Until we are we have to slow the bleeding lest we die before the doctor can arrive. 
Her voting record on most issues has been fairly good, better than most. I researched her extensively before voting for her for AG and then Senate.  She's not perfect, but nobody is. Why do you seem to think she's a wolf in sheep's clothing?
I understand your point, but at the same time that completely ignores how our system works. My argument is that you actually voted against your principles, perfection is the enemy of good. Just like how at work I have to make tradeoffs between perfection and releasing a product, in politics we sometimes have to recognise how the real world works and vote against the wannabe tyrant who is now goading another unstable idiot with nuclear weapons and filing our courts with lifetime appointments that will do harm to our cause for multiple generations. 

I want the principles of the GP to be held by the people in power, but nobody thought that GP had any chance on the national stage, so we need to start locally where we CAN win, and grow bigger from within. 
Here in CA where Hillary was a safe bet I have no concern about people who voted their conscience. In states where it was potentially a toss-up, I do feel that people should have voted strategically because it might have mattered, and Hillary, even with her many faults, would have been far better than Trump. 

Sadly I see far more criticism of Hillary in this subreddit than of Trump, even long after she lost and is currently out of the picture.  Sure, criticise away if she re-enters the public spotlight, but for now we need to work with our closest 'allies' to defeat Trump's (and GOP's) attempts to destroy the progress that has been made. Even if we don't agree with Democrats 100%, we agree with them FAR more than Republicans, and they are currently in more of an position to do something than the far left.  (And I consider myself extremely far left)
Where did I say that?  I said that Bernie recognised that Hillary was far better than Trump, a position that I happen to agree with. I actually supported Stein long before this election (but supported Bernie more, also long before this election), but her supporters are starting to scare me away. 

I filled out paperwork to switch my registration to GP months before the primary, but literally as I was walking to the mailbox I had a thought "what if Bernie decides to run, and run as a democrat?" Long before any rumors of him running. So, I decided to wait. I was planning to mail it the day after the primary was called, but decided again to wait when I saw multitudes of posts like yours where I realized that while I have about 99% agreement with the stated GP positions, I'm not so sure I wanted to be associated with that.  No party affiliation allows me to choose which party's primary to vote in, in my state, so that is my new choice. 
Wow, that's some A grade black and white thinking. 
They configured it that way. Cross platform development, but I do 100% of my development in Linux so I only use Windows for meetings. 
Did you read my comments?  They eventually led me to being banned. 
He wouldn't. Just like the last election, he's a pragmatist who understood that Hillary was still better than Trump and advocated for his supporters to vote for her. 
Yeah, on my systems I do, but this is an IT configured system provided by one of my clients so I can't modify the configuration. 
No, you MUST UPDATE RIGHT NOW... post-meeting tasks that you're expected to complete right away?  Too bad.

(the painful life of a dual-booter who only uses Windows for the conference call software and has to accept that every meeting ends w/ 20+ minutes of not being able to use the computer due to forced updates on shutdown)
You don't know me, I don't know you, but I sincerely hope that your husband recovers quickly, that the foot mends quickly, and that you find comfort during this difficult time.
Oh, well that's unfortunate. 
It takes a relatively large amount of force to rotate a headphone jack, so I don't buy the tangle argument, unless you mean that you can twist it manually to untangle. 

Also, USB-C has an analog audio mode. 
Are you certain of that?? My understanding was that the USB standard repurposes data pins as analog audio when told by the adapter and that the DAC is still in the phone. 

Edit: I googled it. I was close. It uses secondary bus interface pins (SBI) so that data still works, but it is analog audio. 
I considered an external phone DAC at one time for use at the office.  There are use cases beyond sitting on the train. 
I clearly didn't start using it at birth, so it should make you feel younger. :)

I doubt that there are too many people any younger than that using vim, so you jumped in the deep end are all in. 
They did. My description was about how it was while "actively" supported years ago. 
And similarly, as a professional developer, the few who continue using vim or emacs later in their career seem to be the strongest developers. I can only think of one exception. 
Does it help if I tell you that I started using vi about the time you were born?
Every time I've looked they're out of refurbed X1s.
That's a good point, and you're right, the equation is a bit more complex than it might appear on the surface, but in general I avoid excess packaging.  Yeah, if they're on sale, it MIGHT be to move old stock, but it might also just be a promotion to get people into the store and make people think that there are a lot of things "on sale" in the store.
Speaking of which, I find that the recommended amount is almost always at least double what is actually needed to wash the clothes.
I still factor in the less tangible value of the container waste.    In the toothpaste in the original photo it's a HUGE difference, so I'd probably go with the smaller containers, but 5 cents per cup, saving maybe 50 cents total, I'd probably go with the larger yogurt container just because it consumes less plastic, foil, etc in the packaging.

EDIT:  Nope, did the math, I'd definitely go with the bigger tubes in the OP's photo too.
I love Safari on my MacBook, but the Windows version was pure trash. Buggy, slow, crash prone, seldom updated. 
All analogies have weaknesses. By your overly strict standards, only the actual situation being discussed would be an acceptable analogy (and, obviously, not an analogy). The purpose of the analogy is to compare the situation to another "familiar" situation so that you can evaluate the moral decisions and then try to apply them to the original decision to see if they still fit. 

The analogy you two are arguing about fits about as well as any analogy can, so your argumentation makes no sense. 
Professional beekeepers here have a lot of motive to control the problem, as well as mites, which were a bigger problem (and may still be for all I know, it's been a while).  I remember him struggling with both foul brood as well as mites and doing a lot of research on the subject and treating.  I don't remember him ever talking about inspections.  I'm not sure how I feel about having to register the hives, especially if you just have a few in your back yard.
Wow, some people struggle with sarcasm!
Oh, come now... the jpg standard isn't THAT old!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

You're quite the comedian.
I feel like we can figure out your location by looking up places that were 49 and cloudy on the 25th of September at 8:08... :-)
> rumpus room

That's a word I don't hear too often in the US. :-)
> registered apiarist

??  My dad was a professional beekeeper, with > 2,000 hives that he was managing alone, yet this is the first time I've heard the term.  Who are you registered with, and why would you need to?


Beautiful work BTW, it looks awesome!

EDIT:  I added an extra zero by accident. No way he could have managed 20,000 hives!
Again, you're belaying ignorance of the issue.  Your dad can pay less under net neutrality... he pays for a slower maximum connection speed, overall... if he's reading only text, it'll be fine.  If he's streaming only 480p video, he'll be fine.  Net neutrality also has nothing to do with data caps, so he could also pay less to get a lower cap.  Again, in his usage, he'll be fine.

Your comment about startups is also completely incorrect.  Startups are one of the HUGE reasons why we MUST have net neutrality.  If the carriers can prioritize traffic, then they prioritize traffic for companies who pay the piper.   Netflix, Google, etc... the big players, they can afford to pay the toll to get their traffic to go through, but small startups won't have the funds to do so, so they cannot compete.  Without net neutrality the big players become even more ingrained.
Do you seriously think that you'll be able to shop around and find exactly the plan you want?  Such plans won't exist, at any price point.  If they simply don't exist, then you have no such power.
Thanks for sharing your reasons, but I'm not convinced.

Fairly recent, because it wasn't needed.  In the early 90s there was no corporate control of the internet, it was barely opened up to the public.  There were no streaming video services, people's lives didn't depend on the Internet (you can barely live in the modern world w/o at least basic internet access anymore), etc.  


What about Ubuntu w/ a tiling WM, almost everything at the terminal, and all editing done with vim?   Why?  Because I don't really care to twiddle with shit anymore -- I did plenty of that on Slackware on a 386 in 1993 (clock lines in your X configuration file anybody?), and now I just want it to work (plus that's the distro my clients use, so I don't really get a choice in the matter anyhow).

EDIT:  Proof from 1995:  https://imgur.com/a/iDqQC   -- my first Linux CD-ROM.  Before that was copied to a blank HDD from an NFS mount from University servers.
I watched a video that a taxi driver recorded during the Las Vegas terror incident.  She was driving around as there are gunshots going off, minutes after it started, completely confused.  Nobody standing on the sidewalks seemed to even notice.  Their lack of response seemed to make her even more confused.  She rolls up to the entrance of the hotel where it was happening, rolls down the windows, and yells to somebody that shots were fired -- no response.  

It's baffling looking at it as an outside observer, but yeah, it's just how we are.
I've done 2 of the 3... I'm practically Canadian! :-)
I thought he was going to continue running while holding it like that until he impaled the other guy.  No, he was just trying to remove it...  funnier if he'd have played along with it.
Would you care to share why?  I can't imagine any possible argument in favor of your position, but I'm willing to listen.
This is why we can't have net neutrality, we don't want the bots having equal access to real people!
Maybe they're just covering their own assess? 

> The Mercers have been linked to this investigation through their stake in the data analytics firm Cambridge Analytica and involvement in the Trump campaign. They own a $10 million share in the firm which helped the Trump campaign use granular data to target ads at specific American voters on Facebook.

> The Mercers first began to play a central role in Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign after the New York City real estate mogul won the Republican nomination. They helped bring on board figures like advisor Kellyanne Conway and Breitbart’s Steve Bannon, who chaired the campaign until Trump’s election victory November 8.
Nope, haven't used twm since about 1992, except for a few minutes for nostalgia. :)

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twm

I do use i3 though. :)

I used to use `screen` a lot during the dumb (text only) terminal days, but now I just prefer to use my window manager for that. I might feel differently if I was using remote systems over SSH, but almost never do that anymore. 
At my last job I was using a computer that was a hand-me-down IT system when I started in 2005 (i.e. a few years old already) until the day I left a few years ago.  IT never took it back after giving me a new laptop, so I wiped it and installed Linux and continued to use it for anything that didn't absolutely require Windows.

It was still faster than their bloat filled systems that they were distributing.
Well, I don't plan to live here for 11 years, and even 11 months is questionable.  If I owned a rental property (have considered it a few times), I'd be upset if the tenants took it upon themselves to do such "improvements".  Sorry, but your life isn't mine.  Much easier to just run wireless, it works perfectly for me.
Wait?  These were made into videos?  I remember reading them in 1991ish...

(I have to say that I liked it better in monospace text)
Wait a minute... Linux doesn't do that!  Is this Windows trying to frame Linux?
So many blind spots in this thread... why might I want to print from my phone?  Maybe because that's where I'm looking at the thing that I want to print.  I'm in the living room, get an email with an attachment, want to print it out... done.  Why should I go back to my laptop and navigate to the same message just to print it?

My Brother all-in-one copy/scan/print seems to work flawlessly on the network, and only took a few minutes to set up.  Sure, it doesn't have enterprise level security/features, but it just works.  I can scan from my phone, from my laptop, etc... I can print from either, everything just works.
I'm glad that my printer has wireless.  I keep the wifi router in my bedroom where the cable outlet is, and the printer in the living room where everybody in the family can use it.  I live in an apartment and cannot pull cables.

Your comment belays a major blind-spot.
Mass panic and chaos leading to a lot of cross fire, increasing the casualties. It definitely would have changed something. 
Yeah, but Aloe Vera is leaves, which have a vascular system meant to carry nutrients through the plant.
I might try it.  I don't go out of my way to eat dairy, but damn if biscuits and gravy wasn't one of the hardest things to give up.  About 5 years ago I had a minor relapse as I just couldn't resist the desire to eat them (after over 5 years of vegetarianism) and ordered it at a cafe -- the grease just about made me sick.
Yeah, I remember family doing that too, but I suspect it's just one of those things that everybody does because that's what they were taught with no basis in reality.  Think about it, if the cucumber is 30cm long, cutting off the last 2 cm and rubbing it isn't going to draw anything from the center.
It might be sacrilege to say this here, but i can't wait to see you in r/beards. :)
Stack Overflow
Ever been to northern CA?  There are State of Jefferson signs and bumper stickers everywhere.  It seems to be gaining more and more momentum.  Luckily it's only the lesser populated rural areas, so population wise it's a small percentage, but land-mass wise it's huge making it appear to be a big deal, bigger than anything I've seen before it.
As somebody who has flipped a kayak and been stuck underwater briefly, I guarantee those seconds of foot kicking felt like 10 minutes.
I've had some people mock my tics, but never enough to really get under my skin.  I'm very sorry to hear that and wish you comfort.  It might not be much, but we're here for for you, feel your pain, and accept you, tics and all! :-)
If it hurts, it's guaranteed to become a tic, at least for me.

Good luck... I hope you succeed in your efforts.
Well, actually you get Happie, but it's all good. :-)
And every time I've posted such a statement I've had somebody claiming to be from Spain respond that I'm crazy, Spain is such a vegetarian friendly country.  Glad I'm not the only one who has discovered that "vegetarian sandwich" might include fish.  Vegetable paella might include fish.  White bread with mayo might include fish.  I got to where I'd start asking, and then the people would look at me like I was crazy, so then I wouldn't ask the next time thinking it was just a one-off, boom, fish.
>  "Panda Express does not have any vegetarian or gluten free dishes."

Which is so strange because so many of their dishes could be made vegetarian without any noticeable difference.  I gave up on them years go, but often wished that they were one of the possible options.

I've also gotten to where I just assume that if I'm eating out that I'm most likely eating some meat stock now and then, unless the restaurant is explicitly a vegetarian/vegan venue.  I'll do my best to make sure that there are no obvious ingredients, I'll ask if there are possible ingredients, and if it's wrong, oh well (unless it's a noticeable portion of meat), I tried, still better than ordering the 1/2 lb slab of dead cow.
I'm not a teacher, and my kids didn't go there, but I've heard a bit about Blue Oak Charter and it seems to fit your description.  Not sure how you feel about charters (I have mixed feelings, personally, but some of the charters in Chico are members of the school district [not sure whether Blue Oak is, or is not]), but if it's not something you have negative feelings about it might be worth looking into.
Maybe, but it's relevant, so I personally don't really care, more feel sorry for the kid.
I thought for a moment that I'd stumbled into r/hammocksupports
The particular accent is very hard for me to understand (Spanish isn't my first language, and it's a regional accent I'm unfamiliar with from the DR), but it is relevant to the subreddit. She asks him what he likes to play... blocks, lego, etc... what else he likes to do... (something), cooking, and.... she asks what else... he's thinking while picking his nose.... before he can answer she makes a joke about him liking to pick his nose... he pauses a while, starts to give another answer, saying "and...", then his eyes change and he says no quite firmly while hiding his head.

Yep, sad... and cringeworthy.  Poor kid.
The particular accent is very hard for me to understand (Spanish isn't my first language, and it's a regional accent I'm unfamiliar with from the DR), but it is relevant to the subreddit.  She asks him what he likes to play... blocks, lego, etc... what else he likes to do... (something), cooking, and....  she asks what else... he's thinking while picking his nose.... before he can answer she makes a joke about him liking to pick his nose... he pauses a while, starts to give another answer, saying "and...", then his eyes change and he says no quite firmly while hiding his head.
Companies don't agree to a lot of regulations, but if we voted in lawmakers that weren't in their pockets it really wouldn't matter whether they agreed. Either escrow it, or don't sell it. 
I have a K-Mart near where I live, within walking distance.  It's been there forever.  I frequently go there when I don't want to cross town for Target or Walmart.   They carry the same brands of the same sealed packages.  Yeah, it's no longer in its prime (and I still remember the cafeteria that I loved going to as a child every time I walk through the area where it used to be), but it's convenient and never crowded.
It seems that strong consumer protection laws should require the code to be put into escrow and release to the public when the device is no longer supported or hasn't had an update in a while. 
I said I like what he did
One thing that I really appreciated about his feed was when somebody asked him to improve their appearance he would post the exact same unaltered photo and complement/encourage them instead.
Could it be that adaptive white balance feature?  (I forget what it's called)
Ugh.. .beat me by two minutes... I hit permalink on u/faceonacake 's post so I could reply to it, and found your response.

I found that yesterday and was dying laughing. :-)
You can burn down your car, bedroom, laptop, and electrocute your wife.

Ever seen a teardown of a quality charger vs. a cheap knockoff?  Stick with quality, proper mains isolation isn't added just to waste space.
What the fuck is this subreddit?  I was searching for reddit links to this story to read comments and stumbled into this shithole... you guys have some serious fucking problems.
Nightshirts can be comfy, I agree. :)
> one board member said that “transgender students should be castrated,” as per her “Christian” belief.

It's nice to see the fundies coming around in support of free SRS. ^/s

But, damn, that sounds like a very hostile environment. 
Your country?  I was born here too, and in the state in question even -- I'd say it's just as much mine.
Yes, fireplaces are banned here on bad air days, and require particulate catchers on other days. I also believe that fireworks should be banned and have frequently said that, but they're used infrequently, and nothing compared to millions of cars. 

Electricity might not be as clean as it could be, but it's easier to clean up a few point sources than millions of individual sources. Moreover, the pollution is more isolated, not wafting into bedroom windows at night, etc. Yes, it opens up the political issue of generally the poor living near the plants, but that's easier to address than everybody living in the polluted zones. 
I'm really sorry that you feel that way. Yes, I passed it on to my son, and yes it makes me very sad when he complains about the worst days, but he's a great kid with a lot of friends and promise.  Like I said, for the vast majority of people it's more of an annoyance than disability. 

I just saw a kid with TS a few minutes ago, with his mom.  He seemed happy and well adjusted, and his mom seemed to love him very much.  Most people probably wouldn't have seen his tics at all. 
In my experience, most people who I've heard say that  think "no brains" refers to "protecting" your assets from the government.  In other words selfish. 

The sad reality is that if they actually had brains they'd understand that a strong safety net protects people who fall from the top too. 

If you're not liberal you have neither brains nor a heart. 
They buy another used car.  Are you just being an annoying troll?
Where did it say that everybody would be forced to go out and buy a new car?  Generally these bans are on new cars being sold.  Poor people aren't buying brand new cars.
I'm only laughing because if I didn't I'd cry.

That's insane... much worse than anything I've encountered.  I feel truly sorry for people who suffer coprolalia as it feels like it's in a whole other class of suffering than TS w/o coprolalia.  Sorry to hear about that, and I hope that you don't have any more bad experiences!

I now understand your comment.  Yes, I'd definitely want a doctor to document all of that in your situation. My tics are not severe enough to feel a need for that.
If you saw my reply to your reply before my edit, please refer to it again... I should have checked the context before replying.
Interesting.  If I may ask, what are your tics?  Which ones are you most concerned about?

It's interesting that you mention cops.  A family member who is an officer once told me that he'd assume I was under the influence of something if he were to do a road-side sobriety check, but I've never had an issue with police, even though I used to drive quite aggressively and had far too many interactions with them.
~~I actually did quite a bit of research when deciding whether to have mine removed, and found quite a bit of peer reviewed articles questioning the value.  You threw out a number saying 85%, but haven't provided a single source, yet complain about mine, which came from the nih.gov website, not some mommy blog.~~

EDIT:  Sorry, you're not the 85% guy... you did provide sources, I should have double checked the context.
I could bring the videos of my children being born...  I was a mess in those. :-)  That said, I don't really feel the need for an official DX since I'm not seeking treatment (why give the insurance companies another reason to discriminate against me?), so I've discussed it with docs who concurred, but never went to the next level.
:)
It's more like lamenting the fact that every old "friend" who you ever crossed paths with suddenly wants to remind you of how stingy you are and expects a substantial handout and warning against blowing it all in two years and ending up worse off than you were before winning.
Here's an article arguing against routine extraction:

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1963310/
You might want to consider this:

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1963310/
This article claims 12%

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1963310/

Your number seems inflated.
In the most strict definition of the term, you are correct, but it is direct in that we can measure the effect and see it occurring.  By that logic I guess a factory dumping toxins into a river isn't at fault for the resulting deaths and destruction to wildlife as long as 50 other factories are doing the same thing, only if they're the only one doing it?  And in that case we can't regulate it?  I call bullshit.

Just like emissions controls in the 80s, it's only by collective action that the problem can be resolved, and waiting for individuals to make the choice will never work as people are afraid of change and we don't have time to sit and watch as people die.
Interesting... can't say I've ever done that, but now I'll probably find myself doing it frequently. :-)  I'm much more likely to forget to type git at all... what else could I mean by fetch, pull, push, or commit? :-)
I subconsciously hold in my tics in front of people, which also includes doctors.  So, I feel the tic coming on, but then I have this internal struggle between containing it (my natural reaction) or letting it out (but then I feel like I'll look like I'm faking it)...  yeah, doctors (and most people who haven't lived with me) have only seen me at 5%.
"in public" is key here...  Many people who know me well don't even realize that I have it and seem baffled when I mention it (assuming that there's no way they could have not noticed), even though my tics can be extremely severe (causing physical harm and 'violent' bouts lasting 30s or longer), especially in the evenings.
Here is a direct harm:  

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1240770/

Maybe your car individually isn't causing the harm, but that's the reason why it must be regulated.  People screamed about how their freedoms were being restricted in the 80s when emission controls were required, often removing their emissions control parts out of protest, but eventually they got used to it, and look how much better our cars are today for it.

EDIT:  have you ever noticed when an older car drives by you it envelopes you with a cloud of stench?  That's how most cars used to be!  Modern cars can idle next to you for a long time and you wouldn't even notice.  My dad (in his 80s) talks about how when he was young cars were rarer, yet so smelly that you could smell them for a very long time after they passed.   (yet he was one of the people who protested emission controls, hrm)
Emissions are about much more than the environment.  They're about public health as well.  Millions suffer from the effects, from asthma, pulmonary disease, COPD, etc...

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1240770/
Awww.... Why the frown?

EDIT:  -11 points guys?  It was a joke about the chalkboard having a frown drawn on it, not about her.  Apparently most people aren't very observant.
https://youtu.be/oPr7cYLq3dk?t=108
And will often install a substandard battery that risks starting your house on fire, probably right next to your head while you sleep.
I agree!  Freedom is an extremely important value.

But...  your freedom ends where it causes harm others.  Gasoline is destroying our environment and the pollution is killing an untold number of people.  Just because it's not an immediate death, doesn't change the fact that it's causing harm.
I wonder if that 85% number is inflated due to the fact that it seems likely that a high percentage of people who don't have it done are in an income bracket where they don't get general dental care, meaning they're more likely to have dental problems.  

Because of routine extraction (for those who can afford dental care), the majority of those remaining are those who cannot afford care.
Safe?  Simple?  Have you read the threads here? 

Did you know that there's a risk of facial paralysis?  Loss of sensation?   Death from infection or reaction to the anesthesia?  Yes, the risks are low, but they're non-zero.


Yeah, every dentist I've been to (US) has pushed for me to get them removed "just in case".  I tell them that I've made it to my early 40s without issue, so why would I do it now?  My teeth aren't moving (my fitted mouth-guard fits just fine at the end of each year when it's replaced), and I take extra care to clean behind the last molar and use an oral irrigator to clean down in the pocket to keep it from getting infected.  I see no reason to spend thousands of dollars and risk facial paralysis for no apparent help.

Last time they pushed I went to an oral surgeon.  3D CT showed that it was extremely close to the nerve, so I said hell no.  I then did some research and found that most countries do NOT do routine extraction, so I told them to forget it.

EDIT:  here's an article that supports the conclusion that I came to:  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1963310/
Was a single one of them dancing with the beat?  Did they manage to hit a single beat on-beat? haha
Yep.  To be honest, I'm very happy that it works that way.  Far better than being this way all day long. :-)
I don't want to pile on, but as others have said it's not guaranteed to go away.  I'm well into my adulthood and my TS is worse than it was as a child.  My son is your age and his has flared up a bit recently as well.  That said, it's not a life destroying condition for the vast majority of people, and in the vast majority of cases it's more of an annoyance than a disability.

If you happen to be experiencing a bit more stress than normal that could explain the temporary increase in symptoms.

...and we're all here to support you.  Keep a positive outlook, don't let it define you, and try to get enough sleep and avoid stress and it should be fine.
I saw a guy in his early 60s the other day.  I looked up from my work (was working on my laptop at a coffee shop), made eye contact, and then saw him nod hello, then quickly turn around and tic away.  I suspect he'd been watching me for a while.

It's frequently stated that TS gets better with age, though I retained mine into adulthood (and it might actually be worse).  Could it be that there seem to be fewer just because fewer adults have it? 

Actually, I really only see somebody with it about once per month... at that rate, it's not too surprising that I've yet to encounter anybody truly old with it.
It looks like the word Theme would fit up there.  Could you just push your heading further up into the notch?
> Exit doors that lead to the outside have to open outward because of fire code. This doesn't help you if you're in a building but it should work for all exterior doors in america.

Wait... wouldn't that be inward, so that you can't be blocked inside by an obstruction?

EDIT:  I guess opening out would help in the case of mass panic, causing a crush.  Both have problems!
Thanks. Raw seemed hard and possible to choke, so I wasn't sure. 
Raw, or cooked?
I have an app installed where the free ad version was updated weeks ago, but the paid version was rejected. Same app, same changes. I contacted the dev to see if it was an oversight or review hiccup. Yep, the paid version was rejected. I still can't use the new features. Thanks Apple!
I missed that. Now I want to see it. :)
This is a safe place, please tell us more about your inability to satisfy your young girlfriend.
It's nice to see that the production company is an equal opportunity employer, willing to hire one-eyed dogs.
Must have sucked to get all of the way home, wait a few weeks to finish off that roll of film, wait another week for it to be developed, just to discover that--oh, sorry, wrong decade.
This is why I never want to go on vacation. :-)
Interesting. They came up automatically for me. 
There are English subtitles.
Is this your video?  How long have you been barefooting?   (assuming it was you) I got the impression that you might not do it a lot as some of what slowed you down wasn't too bad, I suspect you'll get faster and won't have to be quite as 'dainty' as you practice more.

EDIT:  I went back and watched some more and saw the phrase "beginners like me"... so my observation was correct.  Keep it up, you'll eventually look back at this video and realize that's a very easy trail. :-)
If I saw the edit and only two replies, then clearly it was made whle there were 0, 1, or 2 replies.
Your edit "RIP, my inbox" was made when you had <= 2 replies (I had to refresh to see more)... a bit early for such an edit, no?
Under-regulated for-profit insurance, more specifically. 
And we'd be glad to hide him (in shame) from the rest of the world, if only we could.
Here was my post about it yesterday: 

http://reddit.com/r/ios/comments/71fnp6/did_spotlight_app_search_get_worse_in_ios_11/

Do you see the same thing?
I'm really liking the vast majority of the changes, but am somewhat upset about the changes to Spotlight search, making it worse for one of my primary uses cases (opening apps).
Do you have auto-updates turned on?  Could it be the glut of app updates to support iOS 11?  I've been seeing more updates than normal this week.
Did the zip ties cause the crash, or just fail during the crash? I've had bolted metal parts fail during a crash, so zip ties probably would as well.  I mount all of my fenders with zip ties and have had fewer failures than I have with bolts that can back out from vibrations, even using loctite.
I knew that would eventually lead to a Sheldon link.  I miss Sheldon's wit and humor and his encyclopedic knowledge of everything bike related.
Concurring with other comments here, I've had my recycle bin riffled through before.  I shred anything sensitive, but not everything that has my address is shredded.  I'd be pissed if somebody just assumed that I was the one who dumped the stollen materials and did this to me.
Wow, you just made me feel like a geographic dunce.  Thank you (honestly), I learned some new things on Wikipedia.
I suggest Colorado Springs if you want to find a lot of common sense liberals!  ^^^/s
That's all true, when your environment is an exact match, but it gets much more complicated if you're using a different distribution than the package developer and trying to build the latest source that has dependencies on different versions of things that your distribution depends on. It's still easier than Windows, but far from trivial. 
Isn't that setting for searching within the app's data?  I had it off for most apps before, but did try turning it on before posting and it didn't seem to help. Maybe it didn't have time to add them to the index. 
I was having that problem sometimes on 10.3.3, so it might be a latent bug that you're just now experiencing.
No, I'm sure there are many who have managed to use them without mishap. 
Please stop with this.  It scares people away.  I've never fallen using clipless, and started using them almost 20 years ago.
A few days ago one got onto the tail of our dragon.  He happened to see it (he usually doesn't seem to notice the hitchhikers) and tried to get it and was chasing his tail in a circle like a dog.  It was quite funny to watch.
Wow, I just watched a video about you a few days ago! Before that I had never heard of you, and here you are!

I don't have a question for you, but I just want to thank you for your efforts.

We need more people to try to bridge the divide, make peace, and increase understanding. It is especially important in this time where the divide seems to be increasing, and is something that I wish I were better at. People like you are an inspiration to continue to improve.


BTW, your piano playing is amazing...   I wish I could play like you too. :-)
I miss the one on my Yaris. Best place for the cupholders, by far!!
I would have been tired of pink before picking it up from the store shelve. :-)
Why don't you like cordless?  I've had an amazing all stainless one for almost 10 years now that has worked flawlessly multiple times per day.  What I liked most about it is that it had no seams and no plastic viewing window or handle bits in contact with the water, so it's very clean.

EDIT:  Of course the newest model of it has a viewing window...  here's the one I have, and it's been amazing, if you can still find one.

https://www.amazon.com/Hamilton-Beach-40898-Cool-Touch-Cordless/dp/B000ES7I8A
Any updates?  How did it go?
Nice!  Thanks for the info!
The comment was in response to info vs man "fighting to the death". Both give the same documentation, but IMO, info is a mess and man is MUCH easier to use. 
Watched your video, that's going to be tough. I'd try these things: 

Try removing the training wheel, put that left nut back on tightly, then remove the stuck right nut first. 

If that doesn't work, can you get the wheel off without completely removing that right nut?  If so, remove the wheel and put two nuts on the left side (you may have to buy another nut if you don't have one) using the extra threads that are now exposed and tighten them against each other. Hold a box or open end wrench on the inner one and then remove the one on the right. 

Either way, a bit of penetrating oil on the right one first might help. 
Media from any app?  I don't use Apple music, and don't store music on my phone. This has been one of the bigger things keeping me from considering their earphones, but this could change my mind. 
This is exactly why I won't buy most of these smart devices. They rely on proprietary software and are practically guaranteed to not be supported. 
Why do people keep calling it that?  It's quite the opposite of UNIbrow. A unibrow is one long continuous eyebrow. 
I've yet to find a fake manual shift mode to actually work well, it's NOTHING like driving a real manual transmission -- purely a gimmick to sell a "sports mode".
Too much work!  Having to feed my cultures and transfer them ever two days got so tiring that I finally dumped them all down the drain.
Not always.  For some (me included) it's about the frugality.  I have a very cheap no-name razor and don't go crazy on soaps and brushes.  $25 in startup costs and I get a much better shave that takes less time (my neck hair [all that I shave]) used to always clog my multi-blade razors and take forever to clear out.  I no longer get clogs, so it's faster, easier, and cheaper.  Rub some stick soap on my neck, fill the brush with some Proraso, face lather them together, and about 30 seconds later I'm done with a super smooth and comfortable shave -- no clogging.
That's what my cube-neighbor thought when he moved in next to me... after typing on mine, he joined me.
Disappointed that it's not /r/mechanicalheadpenpans
I test drove the Impreza with manual.  Agreed, worst manual trans ever.  Sad because my 2005 Outback had one of the better manual trans I've ever driven.
I have a 2015 Forester and 2015 Impreza.  I bought the CVT because I wanted EyeSight (first auto-trans cars I've owned in ages -- I actually had a hard time adapting back, always looking for the clutch),  it was worth it, and I love the CVT in the Forester, first auto-style trans I've ever liked.  It stays in the right gear ratio, making it amazing in the mountains, and it's extremely smooth.  What didn't you like about it?  The Impreza I don't like as much because it has fake shift-points, which makes it sometimes be in the wrong ratio and it's just silly to fake the shifts when it would be faster if it just stayed at the optimal RPM range.
As long as info is the one to die.


That's not very dirty, I've had much worse.

When I was in a house I'd wet the sidewalk a bit and rub my feet on the cement, my feet would always look clean.  In an apartment and my feet are now permanently stained from not cleaning them as well, but my current approach is a jar with a wet towel near the door, wipe them down, dry towel to finish it off.  Clean out the jar every few days and wash the towels.
Took, past tense, more than 20 years ago. I'm not OP. :)
I to-tic-ok no-tic-tes too-tic, but click-tic-ing the-tic pen-tic repea-tic-tedly (a tic) made-tic the pe-tic-ople around-tic me-tic com-tic-plain.

:-)

I took notes too, but clicking the pen repeatedly (a tic) made the people around me complain.  I use fountain pens now, no button to click and piss people off.
The Tesla was successful long before the leaf (not to mention their older roadster).

https://cleantechnica.com/2017/02/04/tesla-model-s-clocked-as-worlds-best-selling-electric-car-in-2016/

Looks to me like the model S sells more cars, even though it's more expensive.  Even if they don't it's still the car that captured the imagination of people and made the general public realize that electric is a viable future.  (as for the SUV look, you're talking about the X, which is not the car that most people think of when people say 'Tesla').


4G ɥɔɹɐǝs!?!  I want that feature!
The first majorly successful electric car isn't iconic enough?
I guess you googled it. :)
Yes, and 100k is often the first major service interval now, after not lubing zerk fittings and changing the oil every 6000 miles instead of every 3000 miles. 
They also sell a glass lid to replace the stock lid for that very purpose.

(tagging u/FreightTrain30 as well)
One of the best developers that I've ever worked with doesn't have a CS degree.  Technology is as close to a meritocracy as any other field that exists.
Would you be willing to share with us how severe your tics are?  Our experiences might not mirror yours.

I am fortunate that even though my tics are what I'd call intermediate severity, they are at their worst in the evenings, so they're mostly mild during the day.  Unless I end up having to work super late (I now work from home), or go to a party (alcohol makes them worse, so don't drink for that reason, plus your age!), etc, then it's not generally too bad.

I'll share some of my worst stories to give you a sense where I'm coming from:

 * 2nd grade teacher put my desk in the coat closet 'because I was a distraction to the class'
 * A tutor (retired school teacher) around 5th grade had me look up the word "retarded", read it to her, and said "that's you" 
 * 6th grade teacher put me on detention for the entire year
 * high school was a bit better
 * college was a bit better
 * employer at McDonald's in university years said "if you don't stop making that noise I'm going to fire you"

Now, a lot of that was a long time ago... "a different time" when people could get away with that shit, but I give you the background to hopefully help you understand where my answer comes from.

So... how is it now?  I honestly am not bothered by it.  I come here to offer support to others, even though it makes my tics worse to focus on the subject, but it's worth it.  You learn.  You learn to hold them in subconsciously, to release them when people turn around, or when you turn a corner, or...  you learn to hold them in for the most part until the evening (at which point they come out much worse, but you're with family or alone)... you learn to integrate them with other motions so that they don't look as out of place.  Yes, you can never hide them completely, but depending on your exact tics you might be able to minimize how much others notice them.  It's hard, but it gets better.  When you're an adult people are less likely to give you shit about it.  I work with another guy who has more severe facial tics than I do (at least during the day, and I've not seen any other tics) and I've never heard anybody say a negative thing about him, and everybody gets along with him and he's one of the lead developers.

It gets better.

It gets better.
Wait... is that a Woz signature?

This makes me feel old.   That wasn't that lo--oh... 21 --oh....
27 years later and I still have at least one instance of vi(m) open at all times.  Unfortunately you just have to admit that you're stuck and can never escape now. :-)
https://demeterfragrance.com/cannabis-flower.html

Cannabis flower, for that extra hint of "probable cause".
I wouldn't associate it with my TS, but the GD are constantly playing on my car stereo.

If you have an iPhone, get the Relisten app, you can thank me later. :-)

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/relisten-formerly-listen-to-dead-listen-to-recordings/id715886886?mt=8

If not, their website:

http://relisten.net/
The Amish do not grow their mustache as they associate it with the military (they teach that they should not be in the military).  It's an old teaching from when mustaches were actually a thing in the military.
Dopey, sleepy, grumpy....