They should play the Price is Right fail horns when this comes up. 
I played this game for 6 months straight when it came out, but stopped because I didn't want to get burnt out when multiplayer came out. At this rate I'll be reading The Winds of Winter before I play multiplayer SDV
Good idea. Also, in response to your Bluetooth/wifi remark, I agree Bluetooth is useless (it comes in the base model), I used to think wifi was silly as well, however now that I commute longer to work, I realize how handy it could be depending on your situation. People use it by setting up the anova and steaks in an ice bath, then when they're a couple hours from home they'll start it up so it's ready to sear when they arrive. Something to consider, anyways. 
I don't really mean adding functionality, but inevitably bugs will come up when you're not updating for new Android versions.
Was interested in this, but I'm wary of spending 5 bucks on an app that hasn't been updated since 2016
If you hold out, you can find the anova online for about 90 or so on sale. 
It's really all about thickness, so I'd imagine 6 hours would still be fine. If you want, leave it in for an extra hour, it won't hurt it. 
Thanks for the comment, I'll probably take them in to get professionally sharpened. I don't know how to sharpen and I'd rather not practice on my first nice knife. 
Awesome, thank you very much. 
It'll fade, you'll move on. It still might remind you of her, but not in a painful way. 
If this is actually your friends ticket, I'd remove it if I were you, a lot of identifying info on that ticket. 
What the actual fuck is wrong with people
Same reason you can't spell. It's retarded.
Lok'tar, friend. 
I don't have a free couch for him, but I'd love to give him some free periods and a comma or two. 
Reminds me of that time Ryan Seacrest tried to high five a blind guy. 
Nope, I watched it a second time
The Hobbit. For some reason I really liked it at the premiere.
When did I excuse bad behavior? Just saying I don't revel in anyone's death and just write them off as "bad people" when it's obviously more nuanced than that.
You should also try posting to /r/tipofmyjoystick
Seriously. I got laid off 5 months ago and they still haven't even paid me the months of expenses they owe me.
https://i.imgur.com/tYIJPLZ.gif
Actually, you can't even sue until that law is enforced. A good example were anti sodomy laws that never got enforced but were on the books. People were just waiting for someone to finally get arrested for it so they could sue. 
Yep, this really freaked me out when it first happened. 
I'm not crying you're crying 
How is he sounding like a tool? He's willing to give out the design for free as long as you sign something to not sell his own design. On what fucking planet do you people live on? Go ask any other business for their design specs for free and watch them laugh in your face.
It was probably refreshing to get some honesty for once!
To be fair, people would pay that just for the crt. 
https://youtu.be/xSVqLHghLpw
That link is staying fucking blue. 
I've never bought something so fast. Can't wait to put this in my kitchen! Might buy another for a bedroom. Hope you stockpile a ton of these, I'm spreading the word!
I had the same exact thought. I can't decide either.
I got this offer a week after I got laid off. It was so cruel... 
I got one of these for my 13th birthday. Worst birthday ever. 
They're still around 
he's coming. HE'S COMING. *HE'S COMING*
I'm a dick for pointing out to someone who was "pretty sure" about something was in fact wrong? 
Meh, it's a little sadder than all that. Most of these people are roped in as kids and couldn't leave if they wanted to. 
Well, you're wrong. Today you learned! 
Yeah... Why? I'm just making an independent statement. Is that against the rules or something? 
That's not how argument works. You asserted a fact, it's on you to provide evidence. 
Things are worth what people will pay for them. If women are willing to pay more for stuff because it's marketed toward women, don't count on the pink tax going away any time soon. The blue disposable razers work just as well as the pink ones. 
White is a combination of every color, so technically correct 
I don't understand your down votes, it was a pretty decent straight forward joke

Edit: Since I made this comment, his post went from the negatives to the positives. Just so no one thinks I'm crazy. 
In the US, even salaried positions get overtime. 
As someone that preordered the 2 xl, this suggestion makes no sense. If you're an early adopter, you pay a premium for the latest and greatest. All tech is like that. The price will never increase, only decrease with time, some stuff slower than others. You know this going in, they don't owe us a damn thing. 
/r/im14andthisisdeep
Well, we know Varimathras is (was) evil. I think pre-WotLK Silv isn't a great way to demonstrate how evil she is now. 
Maybe if you shit talk an undead banshee and her dreadlord servent with no backup, literally after they helped you, bad stuff might happen to you?
Oh you mean after he called them wretched animals? Yeah, he wasn't asking for it at all.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNv9nR7QVPk
Sorta hard when you're literally mind slaves. Thanks for Arthas making it all possible, by the way.
When you're high on meth, anything is possible! 
That boy ain't right
You can use soap and water for cast iron, it won't hurt it. Just make sure to dry it off when you're done. Usually I put it back on the stove got a bit and heat it up to make sure it's dry. 
Happy birthday doot doot
I volunteer as tribute 
Don't let your insurance company see this 
I was just watching the new adventure video thinking how much better it would have been with Brode in it. Too bad, his personality and enthusiasm for the game will be sorely missed. Thanks for everything /u/bbrode, good luck in your new adventure.
Agreed. It would be one thing if the change, regardless of if people liked it or not, made the game more consistent. But it made it less consistent AND less fun to play. 
True, but once they get popular they'll have the same problem 
That's a pretty average price for a decent wood cutting board.
You literally need iron to live, so... 
I sear my steaks on my cast iron. Pretty much the only way to go, works amazingly well. 
$500...
Came for this comment. At least I'm not crazy. 
Tedcruzforhumanpresident.com
I get a fun one where I sometimes get two separate instances of ringing at once that don't stop when I answer. Yeah, had to turn that off. 
Agreed. The premise is fun enough, but sweet Jesus it takes forever. I was so thankful I won my first game. 
His Clark Kent is the best by far. 
I don't think so, but I'm sorry if you read it as such. 
You do understand that both statements can be true at the same time, right? 
Can't tell the difference. I bet younger people would find Blazing Saddles offensive. 
Most people can't. 
The crazy thing about firefly isn't just that they canceled it, it's the fact that they aired the episodes in the wrong order (on purpose). They also constantly moved Arrested Developments day and time slot around. So it's not even that they cancelled good shows, sometimes that has to happen if they don't gain an audience, but it's that they actively sabotaged good shows so that they were impossible to thrive. 
Mankey isn't even an option for people that had blue. 
First two gyms were rock and water... Why the heck WOULDN'T I take bulbasaur? 
Drivers up to date? 
Is there any special reason they don't just start the teams at their end bases each game? That would ensure they have to fight each other. 
I loved AV so much when it came out, I played it constantly. Sometimes I'd queue and play before I had to go to work, log and leave. After work I'd come how and queue again and it would still be the same instance I left earlier in the day. It was glorious. 
No taxi service for you, then! 
This isn't really much of a getaway plan. Now they just look for her under the new name... 
The thing that always blew my mind about Halo, as a AAA shooter, it has awesome as fuck driving physics. If that game had just been a racing game it still would have been fun as hell.
If it's vacuum sealed, pretty close. 
Pretty easy here in kzoo. I reserved a four back but also found some just casually walking into stores to see if they had any. Seems they made a lot this year. 
That's why you're the judge and i'm the... law...talkie... guy. 
Are you sure? I read the wow afterlife as something like hades, something everyone goes to. Maybe it's not as bad for everyone but still unpleasant. Am I wrong? 
No, the opposite, she raises them from the dead to become undead. 
Silv has seen the other side, and it scares her so much she's actively looking to be immortal. Maybe she thinks she's doing people a favor by resurrecting them as undead
I mean, that's like every ptr ever. Eventually it goes away when it's officially released, you think people that played ptr wouldn't want to play on their original accounts after? That makes no sense. 
I agree that there are so many interactions, especially in wild, it's hard to test everything. But there's some pretty busted shit just in standard. The priest chameleon card is doing some really weird shit they absolutely should have caught, for example. 
I'm not defending NDT specifically, but I think the internet has a bad habit of reading one specific story about someone, believing it's true, and using it to form an opinion on someone. Even if it is true, sometimes people just have bad days, or the story is taken out of context. 
Sudan all over again 
I played him for a bit in my minion only mage. Not gonna lie, he actually saved my ass quite a few times. 
I think that's the main complaint, at the moment. No one is suggesting it's too strong 
I'm onto you, OP, cropping that photo to hide you're playing against the Inn Keeper
I think it's waaaay too early to even look at these stats. Meta hasn't settled at all yet, people are playing crazy shit that will never see play a week from now. Not saying you're wrong, at the end of the day I don't think shudderwock is op, but he's definitely busted as far as how long and annoying he is. 
I get that getting frozen every turn is frustrating, but at least you got a turn in which you could hypothetically do something. 
Don't be a dick, it was certainly news to me. 
Move it chowderhead!
Same. I can get tilted easily playing HS sometimes, so watching guys like Savjz and Day9 really helps me chill out. 
We didn't leave him, he sold that shit while the getting was good. 
Looks fishy to me 
Yeah, weird, mine is doing it too. I even tried other units. I know for a fact I've used it for conversions before, I wonder what's going on. 
"Investigators found that the 'Emoji Movie' star had... "

Shots fired 
Whatdoyamean I'm not helping? 
Jokes on you, UC has always sucked. 
www.tedcruzforhumanpresident.com
I mean, you're right, we have no idea if they'll find anything incriminating. However to get a subpoena they'd need to show something pretty juicy for a judge to sign off on it. I don't doubt they already have a pretty good case against him already.
Yarp
Agreed, really anything would be an improvement. Even if the timer went off on the original home you set it on, but maybe on every other home the notification sound went off.  
It wasn't even context, they just weren't ready to discuss it yet. Why would they prep a graphic they had no intentions of ever showing? 
I wasn't suggesting the volunteers do three days, just that finding three days worth of volunteers would be difficult. 
Nothing kills the mood like whipping out your "kidnapped women" playing cards.
I agree with the sentiment, but good luck finding volunteers and locations for a 3 day event. We can barely pull off one. 
He reports news as he sees it. I think the format is pretty clear, and it's been around forever, on all types of media throughout history. Every channel, newspaper, and radio station does the same exact thing. I hate the guy, but you can't specifically pick on his show or Fox, everyone does it.
It's always been that accurate for me. I guess it could vary, if you live with someone that sounds a lot like you.  
I guess it wouldn't work with guests, but how often are guests setting timers in your home? I doubt often if ever. I'd much rather design for most common occurrences than weird off scenarios. I bet it's also pretty rare that you set a timer at the same time someone else is setting a timer in the house.  

I have an AW watch, but I generally don't wear it when I'm cooking. It's why I specifically bought a home mini for my kitchen.
Same. If I see this it's 75% Glover and 25% I really liked Rogue One. In my mind RO is a million times better than either of the new trilogy films.
You pay condo fees, which I'm sure is quite a lot in new York city 
It wouldn't tell you, though. GH recognizes and distinguishes voices, it would only tell you the times that you personally set. 
New channels still air things that aren't news. Just like newspapers have editorials, which is just someone's opinion on a subject. Not saying I'm a Hannity fan, but all media does it. Rachel Maddow isn't news, she talks about news and gives her opinion. 
It's not a news show, even Fox doesn't claim he's doing the news. 
What's that have anything to do with anything? I don't live alone either. I just want all the homes aware of what I have going on. If you have multiple timers, it will list all of the different ones, just like it does now. 
Maybe there's still a rogue weapon buff left to unveil, but yeah otherwise it's dead. Maybe the weapon would still be good in a control style deck? 
/r/madlads
I can see initially that being the reason, but since GH can recognize different users based on voice, can't that be a solution? Or at least be an option.
> These guys almost succeeded in tearing Azeroth apart. We can use that.

Fuck, you really are a Warlock.
 Lok'Tar Ogar
It is, however orthodox religions don't measure using the  gregorian calendar, they use the Julian calendar, so the dates are usually a week or so off (though sometimes as much as a month difference). Sometimes they're the same. My family is Greek orthodox so we celebrate today. 
And they don't stop coming 
Leasing basically ensures you always have a new car. You'll lease for a year or two, then swap for a newer model. People like this because generally after such a short period of time you don't need to fool with any major maintenance (usually). You can usually talk them into giving you free oil changes and such too. 

The downside is, it's not you car. When you turn it in, they expect it to be in good shape. That means anything you dinged up or broke is your responsibility to fix. If it was a car you owned and got a little ding or scrape in it and didn't care to fix it, you don't have to because it's your car. You can do whatever you want with it. Also, as others mentioned, there are mileage restrictions. You can get a really cheap lease if you have a low mileage cap. But if you go over, the penalties add up quick. 
What!? ... Oh yes, all that stuff I did.
Definition: "a practice or phenomenon perceived to be evil or destructive and hard to contain or eradicate.

"racism is a cancer sweeping across Europe"

synonyms:evil, blight, scourge, poison"
Don't break your arm jerking yourself off! 
Back when I played fantasy football, I always drafted him as my kicker super early in the draft so I could be sure to get him. Dude was a lock for some decent points every week. 
I've seen his videos before. Like you said, I'm definitely not defending the people he's "catching", but he's trying to make money off this shit. Some of the people he's caught definitely had psychological issues (aside from being pedophiles), the whole thing was fucked up and felt really wrong. 
Your suggested Gul'dan nerf would completely bust him, he'd be fucking awful. 
If you can see your neighbors devices, either they're on your network or you're on theirs. 
I didn't think it was possible, but you might actually be too stupid for this sub. 
Never lucky 
It's even funnier when you realize how many cds it took to hold 700,000 shitty low resolution clip art
I've never seen them both in the same place... Interesting. 
Hah I was going to say, I bought some of these as a kid, maybe twenty years ago, but your example is even longer ago! 
Doesn't she have at least one or two lives left? 
They're all fake. All of them. 
Thanks! I'll check it out. 
I imagine for some scenes they do if it's not much, however if you're giving someone a suitcase full of 100's, or the joker burning a literal pile of it, that's way too much money to be fucking around with.
Generally movie money is way more obvious, I wonder if people make these to try to pass them off as real.

As a Greek, I have no idea what you're on about. 
Never heard of this album before, but that's an actual museum in Michigan, and it was fucking rad. We used to go there all the time as kids. 
Delete this, nephew 
I liked "Dan 'he literally fucks kids' Schneider" 
I wish they wouldn't censor it. Pretending it didn't happen doesn't exactly fix anything. 
Alternatively, what if after a year they gave up and then something happened to him, everyone would pissed they quit so early. Damned if you do, damned if you don't.
Look man, I'm not gonna go back and forth with you about what the word "cheating" means. Sure, people using M+KB are going to do better than people using touch screens.  I don't think anyone is arguing that. I'm also fine with them taking steps to even that playing field. But don't tell me it's unethical or cheating or some shit, it's not. It's totally allowed and supported by the app, and until it isn't, it's a perfectly legitimate way to play.
I'd like to report a murder 
It's not cheating if they allow it. It's not as if people are bypassing something that prevents them from using mice and keyboards. It's like choosing to use a controller on a pc for a fps and complaining other people are using mouse and key board. Both are allowed, it's not my problem you're choosing to play the least effective way. 
What if I don't have a PC that can play it? (I do, I'm talking about hypothetically), this is a great option for people who don't have access to a gaming pc, which frankly you need a decent one for PUBG because it runs like shit. Or people who are traveling or any other reason.  

There's no reason they couldn't do that for Android, and I don't see how detecting hardware to determine what game you get into could be a bad thing. It already has to detect the hardware in order for it to work.
Perhaps they should group people using peripherals together and those only using touch screens. I guess my point is that I would use a M+KB to play on my tablet, not to gain a crazy advantage, but because touch screen controls are awful and they hurt my hands. 
If the "spirit" of the game is to be able to play conveniently wherever you are, then yes I still think it is. If the spirit is that you have to play with touch screens, then no, but if that's the case there's no reason they can't prevent people from doing that.
I don't understand why it wouldn't be okay. They certainly don't prevent you from doing that. If I had a capable tablet and wanted to set that up as a way to game on the road or something, I don't see what the problem would be. 
I wonder how many of these things are actually real.
Just bought [this one](https://www.amazon.com/Calphalon-Tri-Ply-Stainless-Steel-1-Quart/dp/B003L0ZNVW/ref=sr_1_1?s=home-garden&ie=UTF8&qid=1522127852&sr=1-1&keywords=1+qt+calphalon+saucepan+stainless), so far I like it a lot. I got it at Marshall's for a bit cheaper.
It's not air tight, if it generates smoke it's going to get out. 
You won't get a good sear if your steaks are damp, give them a good pat down after removing them from the bath, get them nice and dry. 
I wore a blue polo into a best buy one time. People just kept coming up to me with questions, eventually I just gave up explaining I didn't work there and started helping them. 
I made the mistake of watching the interview while eating dinner 
All good, man
That's literally what I said I do in my post. It's obnoxious that they break their mobile site on purpose so people need to install messenger. 
They put Judy Garland on a strict diet of cigarettes and amphetamines 
There's no cancel button when I try, only a giant blue "install" button. 
Ah nice, thanks. I feel like I knew about this at once point but forgot. Yeah I haven't had facebook on my phone for years, it's at best a shitty app that sucks battery. I don't really use FB that much anyways, just on occasion a friend will message me on there.
Whoa there, Satan
The thing that really pisses me off is that the mobile browser view of Facebook doesn't let you check messages. I have to view the desktop version and zoom all over to look at messages. 
Not that it helps your current situation, but invest in a vacuum sealer. You won't have this issue again (ziplock bags tend to break apart, especially when submerged for long times), plus vacuum sealers are super handy anyway.  I got a cheap FoodSaver off Amazon, works just fine.
Home defense, sure, but what if you were trying to do some major damage? Obviously you'd chose an AR-15 over a hand gun. I'm not suggesting it's some crazy full auto Rambo style weapon, but let's be real, it has more ammo capacity, easier to aim, and is more powerful. 
It's so weird that region is so unstable... 
Rate of fire isn't the only factor. It's clearly more capable than a handgun, or people wouldn't buy them. 
Did you pat down your steak before searing? 
It took me 45 minutes to figure that out. Their site design is fucking awful. 
Trucks are required to drive in the right lane in the US, this is just a game :-)
The tortoise lays on its back, its belly baking in the hot sun, beating its legs trying to turn itself over, but it can't. Not without your help. But you're not helping. Why is that?  

Whatdoya mean I'm not helping??
I don't doubt for a second that players who are being avoided by a lot of players get tagged for Blizzard to look at. Overall I like the system, 2 players for 1 week seems a little low, but then again you don't want to make it too high or else no one would be able to find a match.
Yeah, Verizon service has always been solid for me in the past. Obviously they're a shit company, but you gotta do what you gotta do, sometimes you just don't have much of a choice.
Just curious, what internet provider do you use? And if you say Comcast, delete this nephew.
Am I the only one that's irritated that the "easter egg" is a literal easter egg?
And it's working! Who's stupid now???
Outdoor cats spread disease, can get harmed by their environment, and completely destroy their local eco system. They kill everything in sight. There's no reason to keep them outside at all (unless you live in a rural area and use them for pest control, that I can understand). I live in an apartment with an extremely active cat. He has tons of things to play with, jump and climb on, and spend his energy. It's a total joke to think that he's miserable just because he isn't outside. Hell, cats sleep 12-16 hours of the day anyways. 
I mean, I really couldn't have laid on the sarcasm any thicker.
I usually get 1-2 a day, all spoofed. My number has been on the do not call list for years, hasn't made a bit of difference. Most of the calls come from over seas anyway, they could give a shit about the do not call list.
Fyew, we were *this close* to accidentally giving that money to schools. Close call guys, well done.
He seems like a sweet cat, I don't know why people let their cats outside. If you still have him, take him to a vet, he might be chipped.
Holy shit, I thought you were joking 
You're right, I knew he put in 200k but I didn't know that was reflected in the gofundme page. So only 19k has been donated so far. I still don't understand who would donate to that. 
Woosh
I can't fucking believe that they've raised 200 million already, essentially donating to a rich business man to buy and make money off a new business. Fuck that. 
Is there an online calculator that will convert days into Mooch's? 
I take it KS is doing well now? Last I heard about him he had just had his heart attack 
Ah my bad, I didn't realize bloodlines was so recent. 
My understanding is that none of that stuff is canon anymore, only the films and the cartoon is canon. 
Reboot
Came looking for a Fan Man reference, leaving disappointed 
Invest in a good sharp knife and take care of it. It will last you forever, plus a sharp knife is far safer than a dull knife. It sounds counter-intuitive, but it's true. A sharp knife does all the hard work, you just need to focus on where it's going. A dull knife you need to apply pressure, makes it a lot harder to control and more likely to cut yourself.
Exactly this, I don't know if people around here are too young to remember that stuff or what. Even popular shows that would eventually come back like Venture Bros would take long breaks without anyone knowing if it was coming back. AS might figure they have plenty of R&m episodes to rerun for a long time, and still make plenty of money and not need to order new seasons. 
I really wish I could upvote you more, thank you, this is amazing.
My first flank I did sous vide I cooked for about 2 hours at 130, turned out really nice. The next one I did for about 8 hours and I can't say I noticed much of a difference. It might have been a tiny bit more tender but not enough to warrant 6 extra hours of electricity.
No racks, just toss 'em in. 
Cast Irons take a little longer to heat up and evenly distribute heat. 20 mins seems like a lot, but I wait about 10 mins or so for mine.
I bought [this container](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000R8JOUC/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o05_s01?ie=UTF8&psc=1) with [this lid](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B071L6PRY8/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1), really glad I did. Perfect size, fits the Anova perfectly, and keeps the water/heat in.
Everyone does it now, it's just annoying 
I know what you're saying, and that's definitely sometimes the case. I usually work for the defense, so their client is footing the bill either way, they would rather hire someone to tackle on the tech side. But for the vast majority, they'd be completely helpless. A lawyer I worked with today, mid to late thirties, had never seen a Wifi hotspot before. 
I work in the legal field, helping lawyers with tech during trial. For a while I was worried that my job would become obsolete as younger generations replaced the old guys, it's not like anything I do is that complicated. Nope, they're somehow just as clueless. I don't get it at all. 
It's a long established reddit truth that when it comes to bathrooms, women are the gross ones. 
While we're at it, can we fix robes? They look awful. They don't look like cool wizard robes, they look like dresses. 
Basically because of that scene, I've mained a warlock for 14 years. 
There is no dark side of the moon really. Matter of fact, it's all dark. 
And, frankly, depending on your price range, now is a pretty shitty time to build a pc. Memory and GPUs are at an all time high. Might be better off buying pre-built 
/r/buildapc /r/buildmeapc www.pcpartpicker.com
I agree, just totally change what he does. Even if it's useless, at least he won't break games. 
Didn't they fix this a couple of expansions ago? I remember decks purposefully exploiting that bug and playing decks with a ton of animations in order to deny their opponent a turn completely. 
He would have lost either way
Give us a link, OP
Cats really prefer moving/flowing water rather than stagnant. If you haven't already, get him something like [this](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0009EXMES/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awdb_t1_1dERAbFNFSZFA), he'll love it
This guy dragonballs
Except the risk is still pretty low, they can just repo the car. 
I come and go with expansions, recently got back into legion, it's a lot of fun. 
I went into one yesterday and was shocked that everything was still regular price. 
I ONLY WISH I HAD MORE THAN TWO HANDS TO SERVICE YOU
Bad bot
Pretty sure he took a plea deal, no jail time 
While he's having a smoke 
Eh, if it's cut pieces of chicken or something I'll throw it in the pot to brown, but a big hunk of pork is going on my skillet
That's not usually what conspiracy people do though. They arrive at their conclusion before they examine any evidence. They form a narrative to support their already made up mind. 
So weird how I'm watching AD and that part literally played as I read this. 
Honest question, how can you tell? 
*cues It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia music*
"Paranoid I didn't close all the incognito tabs" should definitely be represented on there. 
I bought [this one](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01D5TMBE0/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_W6DQAb9VCK9RA) around Christmas time for about fifty bucks. Definitely a cheaper one but I use it all the time with no issues so far. It's very handy for sous vide, but I also use it a ton just for storing stuff longer, especially freezing meat. A vacuum sealer is overall a good investment in my opinion. 
Let's look at this from AMDs point of view. AMD does a lot of things, but it primarily sells GPUs/CPUs and now APUs (we'll ignore APUs since they're new).  

Let's say I'm in the market right now to build a new gaming PC. My whole life I've had AMD hardware. I do my research and see how insane the video card market is right now. This causes me to opt out of building a pc and I instead decide to buy something else, like a cheaper Nvidia prebuilt or a console. Here's the tradeoff that just happened, AMD is gaining non-brand loyal customers (the miners) who aren't going to be buying AMD cpus (at least not new ones), AMD chipset motherboards (which they don't make but I'll get back to this later) and Freesync monitors. They have zero brand loyalty whatsoever, unlike the hypothetical me, who would have bought all those things, and if happy would continue buying those things well into the future.  

Back to the motherboard part, if companies producing hardware see less of their high end boards selling, they're going to make less, which will start a vicious cycle of price and demand. They make less, price goes up, people less likely to buy AMD, they make less, price goes up, etc etc.  

Keeping this stuff at a competitive price is huge, and miners aren't buying high end hardware aside from the GPUs they need. They don't buy cases, monitors, M.2 drives, SSDs, a lot of RAM, none of it. Which seriously hurts the industry as a whole.
As big as it is, mine mostly just lives on my countertop. I use it constantly so I just gave up on putting it away. 
Eh for something that only comes around once a year, I don't mind paying a little extra. It's def one of my favorites.
Nvidia and AMD aren't as happy as you might think. Sure it's great their cards are selling, but GPUs aren't the only products they make. Plus if and when the bubble bursts, the market is going to FLOOD with cheap as fuck GPUs, which is going to hurt their bottom line too.  They'd be much happier going back to "normal".
Getting used to them has nothing to do with it. Unless something significant happens with crypto (bubble burst/significant regulations), supply, or technology, this is the sad reality for a long time.
I first watched the movie a few days ago. I kept hearing how bad it was, but I ended up liking it. I think anyone removed from Warcraft lore probably won't enjoy it, I watched it more like a really long WoW cinematic than a film. It absolutely wasn't perfect. I didn't really like Medivh casting, and I wish they had stuck more to the actual lore instead of trying to streamline the story, but in their defence that would have taken a long time.  

I'd be down to see a new one.
Do they not? I've only lived here a little over a year, just figured all Hardings were that nice, it's the only one I've ever been in.
Save yourself a hundred bucks and buy an Instant Pot.  Cooks rice perfectly, plus does a million other things. I use it constantly. 
Np. Seems like they brewed a lot this year, definitely the easiest I've found it. 
By using certain devices, you're making the choice, which is exactly what I said. 
Why can't you have an email or cell phone? There are plenty of email options for people who value privacy. If you're concerned about privacy with your phone, pretty easy to just use a burner phone. 
Is what I said wrong?
Here's the difference. I get to decide if and when I want companies listening to me or  logging my emails. If the government is monitoring me, I don't get a choice. 
It's even more fucked up he was tasked with defending Garrosh at his trial. 
Agreed. Dying instantly at the beginning of the game isn't exactly what I call fun. 
It's "cool" because it's the original game I grew up with. They've rehashed the game with newer graphics tons of times, so it's good to know it's the original. 
They always had early cameos, though. From Michael Jackson to George Bush, some of my favorite episodes. 
Haven't seen that one, I'll add it to my list. Thanks! 
I like Kate Winslet. She's great in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Also hilarious in her episode of Extras. 
Has nothing to do with cops being stupid, it just varies state by state. 
https://www.avvo.com/legal-guides/ugc/a-state-by-state-guide-to-biking-under-the-influence
Okay, well the fact of the matter is people can get DUIs riding a bicycle, so I'm not sure what other facts you need. 
drive
drīv/Submit
verb
1.
**operate** and control the direction and speed of a motor vehicle.
Too bad, because she would absolutely win. 
But to would be "driving" (operating) a bicycle. The argument is that the horse has its own brain and can act independently. 
RIP
It's pretty decent. I've played WoW on and off since vanilla, so I'm a little more up to date with the lore. I've watched a lot of Nobbel87 videos on Youtube, he goes in depth with all the major characters and does a really good job. 

At least he asked. When I lived in Detroit, this guy downtown would hang out and just start drawing people without their knowledge, then he'd give you your picture basically to guilt you into giving him money. He was pretty good but just a crappy situation to put someone in.
quite the opposite
**Why are we yelling??**
Yep. Also, the reason this is true about beef but not chicken is that the surface of the beef is thicker, the bacteria can't penetrate it. 
For the most part, it shouldn't matter. The IP can't get up to pressure when something is frozen, so it will always thaw first before cooking. 
Same, I haven't paid for an app in years. I've earned $101 dollars since 2015
Holy shit. This is amazing. Instant subscribe.
Courts? The owner has already successfully sued, he's going for round two. 
It's an episode of The Office.
I can't even watch that scene anymore, not even for laughs. It's up there with "Scott's Tots" cringe level.
I was just reiterating what the wiki says.  "the rule of wealth maximization for shareholders is virtually impossible to enforce as a practical matter. The rule is aspirational, except in odd cases. As long as corporate directors and CEOs claim to be maximizing profits for shareholders, they will be taken at their word, because it is impossible to refute these corporate officials' self-serving assertions about their motives."
That's a Michigan Supreme Court case from 100 years ago, it means nothing to the other 49 states, and it's regarded as out dated in Michigan 
Roses are red, boobs are for squeezin',  
**YOU FACE JARAXXUS, EREDAR LORD OF THE BURNING LEGION**
...you know that's not why he's in jail right? He was convicted of securities fraud.
The bubble bee is endangered, the honey bee is not (though they're not doing great either)
NSFW =/= porn
Who said anything about honey bees?
Thanks for this, I believe this is correct. Like you said, couldn't possibly be blood. 
Most atheists aren't like that. I'm an atheist and I'd never give someone shit for saying they're praying for me while I'm sick. I'd say thank you, and leave it at that. 
Learn about Helen Keller, she lived a far more accomplished life than most seeing/hearing people ever will. She even learned to talk and gave speeches. She was extremely educated and had a full life.
I'm not crying you're crying
Well, it was both. But if white supremacists started using the Pillsbury Dough Boy to recruit, that doesn't make Poppin' Fresh a hate symbol. They purposefully steal innocent imagery and bastardize it and use it for their own bullshit. Labeling it as such basically gives it up to them. Fuck that.
I feel bad for him too. I'm actually surprised the meme has lasted so fucking long, I thought it would die out eventually like everything else does. It didn't help that organizations are actually labeling the frog character hate speech, giving it even more life.
Solved!
That's it!  Thank you very much.
Hah, I've never seen this before. Thanks.
How is he a shit wizard? According to the lore he's one of the most accomplished and powerful wizards to ever live. 
How is this not auto-flagged for removal at this point? It's posted every fucking day.
Getting high rank isn't an indication of anything. If you win 50.1% of your games you'll eventually hit legend. 
By all means, don't value the Oscars. It's just one award show, it just happens to be the most popular one.
"Brown note setting for non lethal take downs" 
O_o
I don't think just because he thought you were sleeping with his wife means he also thought you were financially capable of taking care of them. 
I mostly agree, but this is /r/funny. It's like going to Long John Silvers and being surprised when the food sucks. 
I was extremely excited for the Echo when it first launched, but I specifically passed on buying it because I knew it wouldn't play nice with Google services. I hope they realize how they're alienating people by doing this stuff. I love Amazon but I won't buy their hardware ever, with the exception of my tablet because I could sideload Google apps.
Meant to post yesterday, but I went to a Meijer near me, same deal. They usually don't have a ton but I've never seen bare shelves before. 
Steam says I have 4 minutes of playtime for Amnesia. And 4 minutes it shall stay.
Pretty sure Canada still has murder. 
I'm not really super interested in getting into a dick measuring contest with you, but what freedoms do you think you have that I don't? 
Hate to break it to you, but Canada ain't that far behind the US. Looking at the data, you're about a decade behind us. In ten years y'all will be just as fat as we are now. 
I can basically never listen to "Super massive black hole" ever again because of this. 
Again, putting words in my mouth. But whatever, nice talking with you. 
When did anyone say they all had to be on their person? You made an assumption about that a person with a lot of guns is simply a collector, I'm making a point there are many other options. Also, I live in Michigan, home of the michigan militia, so I'm pretty well versed in gun nuts
/r/karmacourt
And that's why you always leave a note
As the old saying goes, the greasy wheel gets the Google Home Mini
Yeah, all those crazy militia members are "collectors". 
No, I believe he just shares publishing rights. 
Do people generally not play in windowed mode? That's the only way I play
He clearly ded
I'm a little disappointed but not at all surprised. I think ice block is a really awesome identity card, and creates really interesting strategies. The problem comes from being able to play 2 back to back, and also being able to discover more on top of that. Landing a killing blow three turns in a row and not winning is extremely frustrating. They could have done something interesting like make it a legendary so you only get one or make it not discoverable, but that's probably more hassle than it's worth. 
Yeah, I'm especially annoyed with this. My girlfriend and I poured so many hours into this game at launch. After a few months, we decided  to stop because we wanted to play multiplayer together and didn't want to burn out on it. 2 years later...still waiting...
So underrated. Such a solid game.
Not when you need to put in dividends and trades, TurboTax will charge you
It's like a Far Side cartoon
Or that's just an awful price. One or the other! 
I mean, you have to admit having easier access to something makes it more likely to be abused. Let's say I wanted to try some illegal drugs. I have no idea where to look, I'd have to basically start asking strangers and risk getting caught. That's enough to dissuade some people. 
I agree with the point, but I'm down voting for the blatant misuse of this meme. 
How isn't this thread higher 
Reminds me of when I was a kid after they won. We went to Westland Mall to see the cup on display and take some photos with it. We got there and the line was out the door. Disappointed, we left. Not long after that my grandma (who lived close by) swung by and there was zero line, she just walked right up to it.  Sigh.
I watched Dog play the other day, he played Hunter three times, each of those times he anticipated the turn 4 Barnes into y'shaarj. So on turn 3 he dirty ratted, and every single time he pulled y'shaarj. It was pretty funny. 
Check now, there are a ton up, regular price.
My logic is that they'll just get more and more expensive to the closer to the show date is. Why do you want to wait?
Score! Tried with app and browser, app struck out but browser got me 4 tickets. Hope everyone else had luck
It's a weighted score, he already had 3 weapons, including another gore howl. The first one is going to last him a while, along with the other weapons, I think it's an appropriate score considering what was already in his deck. 
I shouldn't have said gas, what I really meant is mileage, as I only used my own car. So stuff like mileage, hotels, food for overnight/long stays out of town, sometimes equipment I needed immediately. I also got reimbursed my phone bill for the month.
Checked my spam after reading this and found I just received one. I'm debating getting it but if I decide against it can I give someone the promo code? Or is it tied to my account. 
That made me feel real old
Hit F. Turns on fast mode, you can easily outrun him. 
Telltale's Walking Dead, when you tell Clem to leave you after you get bit. Really fucking sad.
Honestly, everything is worth a shot, but man I think you just hit the customer service jackpot. No way in hell that would normally fly. 
Remember when he was alive? Man, those were the days. 
I overall agree,but Jesus did say and do some weird and disturbing shit.
Fuck yeah, back then that was one of my favorite things about getting a new game, reading the entire manual. Always had good info, cool pictures and sometimes story elements.
Ah gotcha, yeah I'm not really sure what people are more confused about in the comments.
I think reading the comment, it's pretty obvious he didn't how to do the move at all. He even said "they say it works on NES". I don't know how you could read that any other way...
Hah, did that many people really not know this? IIRC they mention it in the instruction booklet.  

Edit: [Here's the page](http://skirmishfrogs.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/Mario3Booklet.jpg) 
Is this actually interesting since just about every car will accomplish this? 
Took me forever to beat warrior, but stealth + pirates is how I eventually did it as well. Stealth in general has won me a ton of games. 
Scamaz
Good bot
Can i have a third option? 
Where? 
Fuck no, you don't get bond after going on a murder rampage 
I've seen them twice, once a few years ago for free at a festival and once in concert last year, they played this entire album and they were fantastic. 
And then, almost instantly, ceases to exist 
I think a big part of it too is choosing to be alone rather than being held against your will. 
I don't think that's universally true. There are many people that spend very long periods in isolation and don't go insane. They probably lose a lot of their social skills, but that doesn't equal insanity. I think the important part is being able to keep your mind occupied and stimulated. If you're trapped in an empty room for a long time, then yeah you'll probably lose it a lot faster than someone who just lives by themselves with no human contact. 
[This should be your ring tone](https://youtu.be/5Rzao52ndNA) 
For the Forsaken! 
A damage counter from the Pokémon trading card game 
Even if they were allowed to do it too, it's super unhealthy and weird. 
Doot doot
Yeah, I did it. I can't remember if they sent a text or not
I thought I misunderstood because it's not true, I had multiple other secrets from the same class. 
I had as many as four secrets down at once, so I don't think that's it since when it happened I only had 2 and 3
I don't understand what you're saying 
It calls over wifi, you don't even need to register your phone number with it I don't think. Google has offered free local calls for a while now through Gmail/hangouts, I think it's just through that. If you register your phone number it makes it look like you're calling from your own number.
Thank you for posting this, we got this for my great Aunt with the same situation in mind. Really glad it all worked out and I hope she's feeling better.
Okay thanks!
Thanks. I generally don't. I don't know what it is lately, I used to add people all the time and just have a friendly conversation. Since the last expansion I literally get rage added every day now. 
To be clear, when I said "good game", I meant I emoted "well played".  I did it once, at the end, he didn't take it well.
I'd guess not much? It's not like the founding fathers weren't rich. 
[Bring it on](https://media1.giphy.com/media/e2wFIvRQ71MaI/giphy.gif) 
Thanks, I'm not exactly sure what people think I'm arguing. 
GOP have more gerrymandered because they control more states. That's the only reason 
Yep, it sucks. A few years ago I got a bad stomach flu, so I didn't leave my room for days. The first day I was feeling well enough to go outside, I found the side of my car scraped all along the side (parked on the street). My drivers side mirror was almost a half a block away. Never found out who did it, still pisses me off. 
Lets not pretend that Democrats don't do this shit either. It's a bipartisan problem.  Check out [Maryland's 3rd Congressional District](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/28/Maryland_US_Congressional_District_3_%28since_2013%29.tif/lossless-page1-1920px-Maryland_US_Congressional_District_3_%28since_2013%29.tif.pngif)

Edit: Downvote all you like, it's a problem with both parties. 
They have both, just like NPR. 
CBC isn't completely taxpayer funded, they have sponsors and commercials. I'm from Detroit, we watched CBC all the time. 
If, on your journey, you should encounter God, God will be cut.
I think it was a bit of a misunderstanding. I think they were just upset that the government stopped funding space missions, not that they disapproved of Elon doing it. 
I don't buy that at all. Album/CD sales hardly made money for the artist at all. Most of that always went to the studio. 
Yep
Thanks, good to know. 
It's just a joke, I just meant that sometimes it feels like it isn't sealing as fast as it should be so I get up to check if I forgot to set it to seal, and as soon as I get to the instant pot it instantly seals up.
Plz stop
No way this passes. 
I actually did for a while, I liked it. 
Bleed American was the soundtrack to my high-school years. So damn good. 
It's not like they're the same exact card. One is a priest exclusive, the other is neutral. One requires no duplicates and is a battle cry, the other is only in effect when she's alive. 
I got two, but they were crap (Shaman quest and Blood queen). Better than none, but I was still disappointed 
Aside from that, it's just extra dead weight to have to account for. It's not like the car actually needs to work. 
How is it a dying profession? 
Yeah, I know, thanks, on mobile. 
The NHL is over 100 years old, I don't think this is a short term solution.
Letgo/Offerup has been super awful for me lately. I have like 3 or 4 things on there now, and every other day I'll get someone asking me if an item is still available. After that, they'll either drop off the face of the earth, or offer some stupid bullshit trade (even though I specifically say no trades).  
I had no idea this was a thing. That's amazing.
No bikini top, it was a necklace, bit other than that you got it 
Which the judge is completely entitled to do. So he decided he was above the law and ran. 
Honestly I believe it. He's delusional enough to honestly believe that either he didn't do anything wrong, or that he could outsmart Mueller (probably a little of each). 
I feel like you're holding it way too close towards the end there.
That's cool that interior is even part of the plan, the exterior is awesome by itself. Please give updates! Would love to see the interiors.  
It's pretty bad. I don't have a ton of money tied up in stocks but the last couple days lost me a good chunk of money. Obviously you only lose it if you sell, and the market will rebound eventually, but who's to say how long? It might be years. Some people about to retire got fucked hard.
https://www.reddit.com/r/tradeXIV/comments/7vi6oa/xiv_after_hours/dtsldem/

This dude lost it all, and he ain't getting it back either.
Gotcha, thank you for the response!
My biggest dream in MC was to create a city like this, where you could go into every single building and every floor. Unfortunately I have neither the time nor the skill.
Thanks for the response. So would I notice any big difference in my cook tonight if I cooked it for 4 hours over 1 hour?
Yeah, and having sex with a minor is called "Statutory Rape".  Minors can't give consent, and sex without consent is fucking called rape. You don't get to redefine something because it doesn't "sound right" in your own head.
Yeah, laws are laws. Wonder why he left the US and hasn't come back?  Because he's dodging the law because he knows he's fucking guilty.
I love Journey, and I do like that song, but being from Detroit it drives me a little crazy.  People around here go nuts when they sing "Born and raised in south Detroit". I can't help but lose my mind, because THERE IS NO FUCKING SOUTH DETROIT.  South Detroit is Windsor.
Links Awakening will always be my favorite. Played it for hours and hours on my OG Gameboy. I still remember the trading order to get the magnifying glass. 
It wasn't, that comic is from 2004 (Cable & Deadpool, awesome comic btw).
https://youtu.be/y_PrZ-J7D3k
Damn that looks ever worse than I remember 
Because you're a dipshit
I think it looks awful, how the fuck am I part of the circle jerk? 
He's the only reason I'd even sort of consider seeing it. 
Yeah, Instant Pot is absolutely the way to go 
/thread
Well, you're not wrong, but it was wrong of you to assume it! 
Yeah I noticed that too. They must be his guardians at least, but I wonder why they left out their relationship 
Congrats! Good luck on the job!
Same. Just the juice parts though, I still get all the white dude privileges. 
They're mostly college kids from the country now living in the big city attending college. Reply All did a good podcast on it. I don't think they all hate Americans, though I think a lot of them justify what they're doing by telling themselves "all Americans are rich, they don't need the money".
The ebay listing says "unbranded", so probably a knock off? I would think if it was an Instant Pot it would tout it as such, since that's a popular brand. 
"7. Anti-Hack"
In the US the usual pitch is that the money goes to schools. What they don't tell you is that they just uee the money they used to spend on schools for something else. For example, if (I'm totally making these numbers up) the budget for schools is 1 billion, and the lottery brings in 500 million, the new budget isn't 1.5 billion, it's still 1 billion, they just spend the extra somewhere else. 
/r/madlads
It's only extended if he won, did he? 
Nope, here is a list. Incidentally last night I was watching Dog stream and he counted 40 as well.  
https://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/Mage  

Edit: Didn't see your edit on the original post, disregard
By my count, excluding quest, there are 40 spells? 
If you're in the city, then I'm guessing you don't drive too much. I drive an hour to and from work every day. Longest it's taken me after a snow storm this year was 3.5 hours one way. Shit gets old real quick. 
I could spend 3 dollars more and get papa John's faster... Or spend 5 dollars more and get a real pizza... 
Snow loses its appeal real damn quick when you have to put up with it's bullshit for four months straight. 
Is he actually played in wild that much? If not then I guess he's not that OP there 
Figured as much but it's good he cleared it up
Oh good it's this joke again 
Man, the Pentagon doesn't fuck around, they didn't even try to humor you!
Yeah, i liked the idea of him having a charge battle cry so he wasn't totally worthless in hand, but honestly if I never see that fucker again I won't feel sad. 
Def not as much combo, you're right. I think it could still exist as a control deck though.
Fuck it, I hope that little bastard doesn't see the light of day after getting nerfed.
2/5
Yeah, that's why he was so ridiculous.  Hell I put Captain and Patches in my Secret Mage and he was awesome. When cards are good in every single type of deck, they're problematic.  That goes for all of these cards (except Raza), honestly. 
I'm really shocked about a lot of things.  First off, I'm really surprised about Bone Mare nerf. I've been complaining about this card for a while but I didn't see too many other people complaining. It still might be viable for some decks but not for literally every deck anymore, which is great.  

I'm equally shocked at how both Corridor Creeper AND Patches got hit hard with nerfs. I always thought it would be one or the other, and almost definitely not patches because it was a legendary and it was moving to wild. I also thought if they nerfed Patches, that would really in essence be a nerf to Corridor Creeper as well. They absolutely gutted both cards, which I'm really happy about.  

Equally shocking was killing machine gun Priest in the way they did.  Raza was also on it's way out, and also a legendary. It's a solid change. I still think it could see play, but Raza priest will be more about control than crazy burn.  

Overall I'm a happy camper, good job Blizz.
He's really cool, I have him. I don't even own an Nintendo console anymore, I just collect for looks. If you play BotW the amiibos don't add a ton but you can get some cool gear.
Why did they take a reservation for a time they weren't even open for? 
Honest question, would you be okay with a needle in your bone if it literally saved someone else's life? 
You're the kind of person that takes Facebook articles your uncle shares at face value, aren't you? 
But surely not your last! Muahahaha
I get his logic for keeping the legendary alive but I don't think if I was at 2 life I'd let my opponent draw 3 cards. 
Don't do it, unless you want to keep doing it. I shaved my chest once and I itched like a crazy person for what seemed like forever. 
If I die the same way, can y'all do me a solid and not write an article about it and include my full name?  Thanks.
As stated, you can get by with zip lock bags, but you can get a decent vacuum sealer off Amazon for 50 bucks. The one I got works great, and I buy the off brand bags for (20 dollars for two huge rolls). Look into it, sealers are great to have, I save so much more food now. 
Well done! 
I lasted five minutes during sex last night, guess I should just post a photo of me. 
The sub is called "premature celebration"...not "premature whatever". 
You can get a cast iron super cheap, and you can get them started in the oven if they take a long time on your stove top.
How is this a celebration?
There's no way he was mining Bitcoin. Probably Ethereum.
He missed out on that sweet sweet karma
Why do people think it's okay to just take someone else's content and host it on their YouTube channel? 
I'd rather have a new Elder Scrolls at this point, to be honest 
Hey, no problem. I did end up doing an RMA. If I remember correctly, they shipped it 2 day so I got it quick. I got a new unit, but I'm not sure if that's because the phone was still pretty new and there weren't many refurbished yet to give out.
Probably not the route you'll end up going, but worth mentioning, that a perk of using Google's cell service Project Fi is being able to text and make calls on your computer. You just use the Hangouts add on through Chrome (or through Gmail). 
It's easily my favorite feature. When cleaning I'll play my podcast on all my speakers, and cleaning room to room I don't miss a thing. It's amazing.
I put him in secret mage along with two seacaptains, seems to work well. 
Oh, and just to preempt this response, I've tried channeling this behavior into play, it doesn't work. He only wants to bite... 
It doesn't really bother me, if it bothers you that's fine too, I just don't get your holier-than-thou attitude. 
Probably would never happen, but maybe like  a custom game section, you could just scroll through custom games people are hosting, join and play by their own rules (or host your own). Could be fun, and you'd probably meet a lot of people. 
All that proves is that ballpark hotdogs are cheap, which everyone already knew. There's different quality hot dogs. I buy kosher dogs, they don't contain any pork at all, and are pretty high quality meat. 
"I'm going more for height than distance, do you have anything for that?" 
That's not really where hot dogs come from (not exclusively anyways), they come from meat trimmings. Which is pretty vague, but I'm fine with them making use of all the animal, there's nothing wrong with that meat. 
It's nice to see bi-partisan politics in this day and age.
Also way cleaner
And yet Nintendo is outselling them all (or on pace to) 
That I can't say, I've seen a couple larger dogs but mostly smaller. They may have a weight limit, but worth calling about.
I live in Dover Hills Apartments, they allow dogs and even have a little dog park. We pay 950 but there should be slightly cheaper options.
My bad, I didn't complete my thought, I meant to say a real substitute for *most* people.  Obviously you can't use Visual Studio on a chromebook. Just like I can't use Adobe Premiere. 
I read that in the original voice. Man that shit is funny
I'm not into fighting games that much, and I never got into DBZ as a kid, but fuck this game looks cool. 
Couldn't even wait 24 hours to repost.
Eh, I live in West Michigan, gets pretty cold here but I've never had problems with chapped lips.  My gf on the other hand hits her chapstick all the time.
I forget the statistics but some kids die from the procedure as well.
Easy to say when you're still getting a paycheck.
Seems like they're fixing up someone else's house who doesn't have money. I don't think the poster is benefiting  
If we're going to be pedantic, jackpot doesn't mean top prize, it's a prize that accumulates until it's won. You could win a small jackpot.
No gun, a crowbar, and two 8x scopes.
He had one job. Now he has none. 
Silicon jackpot?
There's a lot of control lock decks that run mountain giant too, it's not necessarily cube lock. 
Thanks for the info and clearing up my misunderstanding. Nice talking with you.
Yeah if you could link me that, I'd appreciate it.  My understanding of the law is that basically anyone can say they have a service animal for whatever reason and it's legal, simply because making someone prove they have a disability is illegal.  If my understanding is incorrect I'd like to know.
Thanks for the response.  

First off, I just want to say I'm not advocating bringing my cat on a plane and just telling American Airlines he's a service cat just because I want him on there.  That's abusing the system and it's not cool.  

I don't really buy the argument that business owners would start turning animals away. They'd be pretty explicitly violating federal law. No one would want that sort of heat on them.  

The law is vague on purpose.  There's no legal requirement to have any sort of training or certification to be considered a "service animal".  A friend of mine served in Afghanistan, he has a dog and it really helps him calm down when he gets stressed. It's just a dog he adopted, not trained in any way, but he's still considered a service dog and he takes him with him as such.  I don't think there's anything wrong with that.
Unless the ADA gets repealed I don't see how. Can you explain? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jg7JmEA-tbY
When I say bloat, I mostly mean redundant. I also mean that you couldn't delete them (but I've been informed that you can now, so that's good).  Redundant in the sense that they make a lot of apps that Google also makes but aren't as good (all my opinion, obviously).  I use Google Pay, I don't need Samsung Pay, I use Google Assistant, I REALLY don't need Bixby, etc. etc.
This game is pretty fun, but the queues took forever and I frequently got matched up with the same people over and over. Has it gotten any better?
I've played with the S8. It's a beautiful phone, but like I said, so much redundant junk and stupid features.  Bixby and the bixby button are a joke. My Pixel 2 XL may have a worse screen but I'll take it's usability and functionality over the S8 any day.
Wow, I had no idea, thanks for sharing that. 
Would much rather own a a Huaweii, my 6P was one of my favorite phones.
Motorola treats Android like Samsung should. They add some stuff, but it's minimal and it's almost all really useful stuff. It never seems like bloat. I can't buy Samsung anymore, their hardware is amazing but their bloat is disgusting and I don't like to fuck with rooting phones anymore 
All the British kitchen nightmares are fantastic, the US ones are garbage reality show shit. 
That's not what this guy did, this guy almost killed him. You seriously don't understand the difference?
I have a similar TCL TV, as long as you had the app and don't delete it you're fine
Good one bro. 
That's the fucking dumbest shit I've ever read.  Who are you, Jaden Smith?
It's hard to say what anyone would actually do, but I think I'd forcibly take them down and contact the police. I wouldn't sit over them and beat them. That's way crazier than I'm capable of being.
No, I'd forcefully take them down and with your assistance restrain him and call the police.  I wouldn't repeatedly bludgeon his face after he was already down until he was nearly comatose. That's psychopath shit.
"Hm wonder where that plant is from"   
*clicks link*   
"Australia, because of fucking course it is" 
Yep, that's right. There's literally no option between beating someone within inches of their life and politely asking them to stop.  

Edit:  Apparently budgening someone within an inch of their life is the only course of action according to this sub. Some seriously fucked up people here.
Look at that photo, he went above and beyond defending, he beat the shit out of him. If you want to say he was enraged and had a lapse of reason and went overboard, at least that might hold up. 
For sure, we should just throw the legal system out the window and let people enact their own justice. What could go wrong?
B
I've watched that video so many times, and I can't believe how fucking bad that tackle attempt was. 
It's round, like an eye.
Counting and judging are two seperate things.
(It's just a joke) 
They said he reached for his waist. After hearing the account given by the mother, I call bullshit. They had itchy trigger fingers and shot the second he opened the door.
If they don't care about it, then why do it at all? 
I don't expect them to dodge every event, but I thought it would make sense for them to dodge the biggest charity event on Twitch.
That's true, but GDQ is pretty huge on twitch. Just seems needless, they could have just as easily started next weekend.
Games Done Quick, it's a week long event of speed running video games, raising money for a cancer charity.
Thank you for explaining that, every once in a while I'd hear about adoptions and wonder what that was about.
I play a lot of casual, and I have a similar experience. Definitely more net decks than non, but I definitely get matched up with new players. 
This is the actual reason. 
Or Premiere 2018, with a memory leak they refuse to fix! 
Who hurt you?
CNN and MSNBC have both been talking about it all day
It mods are actually doing their job, it will make it way easier to ban people though.
That's why cyclists piss me off so much. They wanted to be treated like a vehicle when it's convenient. When it's not, they want to be treated like pedestrians.
I was saying boourns
I don't read the times, I don't think that's a new narrative at all. People have been talking about his finances as a potential issue for a very long time. I don't think the DNC were involved with Russia but if Hillary was involved throw her in jail too. That's the difference between you and me, just because someone shares my ideals doesn't mean I want to give them a pass. 
I didn't mean to sound like a dick. Obviously it depends on where you live. I just meant for a job where you could potentially get shot at or die it seemed pretty low.
At least it's for charity
They are now because their numbers were dwindling so much, but for most of their history it wasn't that way. 
Holy shit, that's fucking awful. That's barely better than minimum wage. 
But if you break his legs how will he GET DAPORTED TO TAHNEJA
What a prick. 
Same, I'm pretty much over it. I'm not mad, just disappointed. Glad some people are enjoying them, but clearly this series just isn't for me. 
Content costs money to create. I'd much rather pay 60 dollars a year and just get everything and stop with free to play nonsense. What we have now are groups of people who casually play for free without ever getting all of the content, and people who try to get most of the content who end up spending hundreds of dollars.  It's an absurd and stupid trade off.
You can't spend 30 dollars twice a year on a game you play for new content? 
I'd MUCH rather pay 30 dollars to get a guaranteed complete set then what we have now. Maybe make the new cards craftable so you don't completely shut out F2P players.
I'm not saying it wouldn't bum me out, but obviously they felt like they weren't making enough money off them, which is why they're gone. And frankly I always thought they were really reasonably priced for gold, if I remember correctly they were 700g per wing, released weekly. It's pretty trivial to grind out 100g per day.  

I'm just saying I'd rather have them back and have to pay money than not have them at all. The alternative is what we have now, which is WAY more P2W. At least for 20-30 bucks you're guaranteed an entire set of all the new cards.  Now we pay 50 dollars for prerelease 50 packs and pray to get 3 legendaries out of it, which may not even be all that great.
Didn't we already settle this? We'll chat in 3 years. 
I really really wish they'd reconsider adventures. They provided great content at a reasonable cost, and let players catch up on other expansions. I wouldn't even care if they removed the ability to buy wings with gold. 
So what I told you was true . . . to a certain point of view.
Sure, why not. 

!Remindme 1034 days "Did Trump win re-election?"
I don't know how the Russia stuff is going to go, but he's absolutely going down for tax fraud/money laundering.  Even Bannon knows it. The NYC real estate business is crooked as hell, it's not exactly a mystery as to why he doesn't release his taxes.
Tell me how the market reacts to impeachment.
Tell that to the cops that came and arrested them. It happened all the time. I think it's clear that if you're stuffing merchandise down your pants, you're probably intending to steal it. If I'm waving a gun in your face threatening to shoot you, and you call the cops, they're not gonna say "well let us know when he pulls the trigger so we can come arrest him".
It's not, though, I used to work retail and we stopped people all the time in store. 
I wouldnt mind a source but I wouldnt doubt it. I like him but he says some batshit crazy stuff sometimes
It's definitely a hard game. If you want to cheat a tiny bit, you can go  into your game save files (C:\Users\YOURNAME\Documents\My Games\They Are Billions\Saves) and just make a copy. That way if you fuck up you can still go back and restart. I appreciate the idea behind not allowing save reloads for scored runs but it can really get annoying when you're just trying to learn but make a silly mistake.
I'm enjoying They Are Billions so far. They still have a lot of work to do, but so far so good. 
https://media.giphy.com/media/8kqrtQiz9YqnS/giphy.gif
That was actually more classless than I thought.  I figured they were walking through the forest, saw him at a distance, showed him for a brief moment then peaced out. They got right up to him, showed him several times, even panned up and down as close as possible, then stuck around to give commentary. I can't imagine a normal human being doing that, that's pretty fucked up.
Personally it's really not all that difficult
It was just a score based game, you didn't "win" if you outran the Yeti. He was just there to kill you at the end of the mountain so you could start over. If you outran him the mountain just repeated itself from the start.
Hah, well I just bought an Fire HD 10 for 100 bucks during one of their sales, and I gotta say i love it. You can deactivate the ads for like 20 extra dollars. 
It's pretty trivial to get the Google app store on Fire tablets. You just sideload the needed apks and you're good to go. Just bought a Fire 10 HD a week ago and did this, works fine. 
Their behavior really fucking confuses me. If I'm amazon, I want everyone using my services, regardless of what hardware they use. That's where the fucking money is. Sure, I'd keep selling Fire tablets at a loss to get more people into the ecosystem, but one time tablet or fire TV sales aren't what makes the money, it's people buying shit from Amazon. I don't know why they give a shit if I watch Amazon video on my chromecast or stream twitch on my roku. 
1. Don't take it too seriously and have a fun time.

2. Give positive and negative feedback. If you're not enjoying something or it hurts, tell him. Same with if he's doing something you like.

3. Sex is messy. Be prepared to do some laundry.

4. Use protection. Don't reuse condoms. When in doubt, get a new one. Condoms are cheap, babies are expensive. 
No, just depends on the person. Some girls need a little help in that area and some don't. Also if you're using a condom some of them come pre lubricated. 
I'm definitely enjoying my time with it, but I still think it has a little ways to go before being a complete game. Needs a lot more research options, different modes, there are some balance issues for certain units, pathing is absolutely awful, etc. It's fantastic for an early access, but still a ways to go. 
They need to implement saves you can go back to. Just make it so it totally invalidates the score at the end. 
Miss me with those 60 Hz tvs 
Thanks, I started a new game and I'm doing much better. It might be that I didn't notice, but I feel like I wasn't getting good alerts when I was getting attacked.
My cousin did something like this a while ago. Someone was hot linking from his site, and he replaced the urls to some gay porn. The guy was apparently not too bright and couldn't figure out what happened, and it stayed that way on his page for a pretty long time. 
They actually took a shit ton of photos on the moon. 
Thanks. Frankly I'd be happier with the glassware set.
What was the original? 
I don't think Olivia Munn was ever on Screen Savers, she was on the show that replaced it, Attack of the Show 
To be fair, you can run office on it, as well as a lot of higher end software like Lightroom. But I agree with the sentiment. Why handicap yourself with an OS that might not run everything you may need down the road?
Over a year, I live in the Midwest so hot summers and cold winters. 
They specifically ask you if serving would create a financial hardship on you. If the answer is yes and you aren't lying, I have no issue with that. My issue is lying because you don't feel like serving.
I must have had a lucky one, mine never had that issue at all. One of the best phones I've ever owned.
Real nice.
The post office by me told me they don't really have tracking like UPS does, it's really more for delivery confirmation (good for ebay stuff).
Man, look at you dodging your civic duty. Aren't you proud of yourself? 
Jurors don't always have a right to ask questions. It might vary state by state, but here in Michigan it's different with every judge 
No where does "deleted" really mean gone forever. In Googles case, you have a certain amount of time to contact them for retrieval, after that time passes they can't get it back. I'm much more likely to want to retrieve an accidentally deleted document than I would want to perma-delete anything I'd upload to the internet. If it was so sensitive, you probably shouldn't be uploading it to a 3rd party to begin with.
So I think I found the issue, I guess I must have updated to the 2018 version within the last month or so (thought I had it for a while), and this seems to be a common issue with the new version of Premiere.  Back to the old version I go!
Just so people know, you don't need to put a lost drivers license in a stamped envelope, you can just drop it in any mail box as is. 
Thank you! 
I mean, whatever, beggars can't be choosers. 
I personally felt like it was a TLC bamboozle. Chris already said he was paying for the wedding. 
I just did it on my HD 10 running the latest firmware with no problems. You just need to make sure you install in the correct order.

Google Account Manager

Google Services Framework

Google Play Services

Google Play Store


I bought the 10 for myself on sale for 100, and I'm really loving it so far. Screen looks great and it's pretty quick. Annoyed with all the Amazon junk but for 100 dollars I can tolerate it just fine. 
Honestly the movie just bored me. All the main plot lines were devoid of anything remotely entertaining. They made some really poor decisions. 
Is there a non reddit version?
tourette syndrome 
Honestly it's worth waiting a little bit. They'll be excited no matter when you tell them. 
Thanks OP, happy holidays 
That was it, thank you.
Thank you! It's so funny watching these again after all these years. Aladdin at the beginning used to be really scary to me.
Solved!
I'm sorry, I should have specified, they were not Animated. All live action.
Huh?
Damn, that's a sweet deal. If I had a big freezer I'd totally stock up
I mostly watch on my Roku TV and another stand alone roku in the bedroom. Sometimes through a browser.  The tv and roku get power cycled often so I don't think that's the issue.
Interesting, I definitely just use pause. I'll give that a try.
There was a photo of him holding a sign at an anti abortion protest. Haven't seen any anti gay stuff but it's not like it's that hard to believe I guess
Incidentally, I love these so much. They're pretty cheap, easy, and so much better than canned. I get the stir fry mix and make rice with it, super easy. 
I don't know how any grown adult couldn't know that he could say no to something.
Here's what I don't fucking understand. Why would you agree to say this stuff just because some producer told you to? I get maybe the couples feeling some pressure to do it, but the friends and family? Fuck that. Chris' massage comment was supposedly just for the show, why would he agree to say something that made himself seem like such a creep?  On top of that, in the tell-all episode they ask him about it again and they just went with it.
https://retropie.org.uk/docs/First-Installation/#installation
This is the correct answer.
There were programs to buy cheap run down houses for trivially small amounts of money, I don't know if they're still around. But the deal was you had to bring the house up to code, which required either a ton of renovation or just demolition and rebuilding. This is further complicated by the fact that a lot of those homes contain asbestos and lead.  At the end of the day, the house may have cost you 100 bucks up front, but it would end up costing a lot more in the end. If you were handy and had tools, it still might have ended up being a good deal at the end of the day.
How much did it cost to fix the suspension on your car?
You can cast to a group, I don't think there's a way to use bluetooth for a group.
"Humans being bros", not "Mods being bros".  Duh.
That's too bad. There are tons of sites and do ads very reasonably (that I white list), and they depend on that ad revenue to exist. 
Bitch, get up.
A deer!
So? It's in their best interest to figure out how to responsibly display ads. Everyone is starting to use ad blockers because of how obnoxious advertising online has gotten. 
I subscribe to Google Music (which comes with Youtube Red), so I don't see Youtube ads anymore. I recommend it if you can swing it, it works in-app too.
There's a lot of big name on the board, I don't think they'd have it setup to where Google could run the show.  Worst case scenario, I just reactivate my ad-blocker.
Huh that's weird, I've never had that issue at all.
On Swiftkey, you can begin your swipe just about anywhere, from right to left, and it will delete the word. That's the main difference, it's nice to not have to aim for anything specific for it to work.  Did you have flow type turned on? You can't have both turned on at the same time.
Yeah, they'll always light up, it's just that only one should respond after they figure out which device makes the most sense.
Who decides?  
Edit:  Nevermind, found it. The Coalition for Better Ads.  Thanks for the info, now I'm pretty positive about the whole thing.
I agree about SwiftKey. I still love it, but the last 6 months or so just haven't felt right. Switching phones didn't help much either, now I'm on a Pixel 2 XL, I CONSTANTLY hit the period key instead of space bar. It has to be a symptom of the screen being just slightly larger than my original XL.  

I tried switching to Gboard, but I absolutely cannot live without being able to swipe backward to delete a word. My favorite Swiftkey feature for sure.
Personally, it doesn't bother me at all. I'll usually have 2 or 3 devices that listen when I say "Hey Google", but I've never had an issue with the wrong device responding (except a couple times a while ago, but I think I had my network setup a bit funky).
In practice, only one device on the network should actually respond to you. When I say "Hey Google" in the living room, my living room home, my bedroom home, and my phone will all turn on to listen, but only the living room home will actually respond to my question.  I have noticed a couple times this not working correctly, but if it happens regularly maybe you have something not set up right.
Thank you for the explanation, I guess I was taking the term "win trading" a little too literally. Makes perfect sense now.
Maybe I'm dumb, but I don't understand the point of wintrading. Could someone explain it to me? If you're just trading wins back and forth, wouldn't you just end up in the same place where you left off?  Same in hearthstone, people got in trouble for that too, but I don't understand how it's supposed to help at all.
On the plus side, I am very willing to disable my ad-blocker and try this out. On the negative side, it's a bit worrying that Google, an advertising company, gets to decide what constitutes as "non-compliant ads".  

**Edit:  Apparently, Google won't be the ones deciding what ads are non-compliant, they'll be relying on "The Coalition for Better Ads". Google is a member of the group, however, but so are many other companies.**
I don't think that's true. Even their latest album is really really fucking good.
Gives me goosebumps every time.
Holy shit, I'm 31 years old and still thought it was illegal haha. 
...that's the joke
Bamboozled! 
Possible he's just renting the suit, or he had it from before. 
She wasn't free, she cost him two water buffalo! 
Man, I completely agree with you. Just rewatched Rogue One for the first time since seeing it in theaters. Granted, I really liked it the first time, but the second viewing really made me appreciate how good that movie is, especially relative to TLJ and TFA. It's definitely not perfect (forced Vadar scenes, ending was a tad too long), but all it all it was extremely well done. The pacing is so much better than the other new films, and I actually really liked all the new characters a lot, so much so that I actually had an emotional response when they died. I'm still amazed they had the balls to kill off everyone in the end. It was just so damn good.
Kill - Myself.  

The end.
I still subscribe to the "Muhammad is probably gay" theory. He needed to get out of his country, so he just took the first ticket out. He's a good looking guy, he could have found someone rich, or young and attractive, or even both, but he just wanted to get out of his situation.
I mean, I definitely didn't like her character at all, but I don't really give a shit if she was into Star Wars before hand.
He spoiled shit accidentally with "every person he comes into contact with"? That's not really how accidents work.
Do tell...
You don't need to convince me, friend, just the judge.
I thought the writing was abysmal. From the overall crappy plot of two slow ships chasing each other, to a ton of really awful dialogue. 
(Season 4 GoTs spoilers below)  

My friend was dating this girl who was into both the books and the show.  I had just started reading the books not that long ago, and was almost caught up to the show. This was just before the season 4 finale. I was talking to his girlfriend, and specifically told her where I was story wise in the books, then she proceeded to talk about Tywin's death to me. I was so pissed at her. 
At the two hour mark I almost walked out, I was so damn bored. The last half hour was really the only semi interesting part of the film. 
They keep pushing the "out with the old in with the new", and then with their next breath they show the millennium falcon, or reference a line from the old movies, or show an old character again. It's like, if you really want to make this series your own, then fucking do it already. But after two movies they're still leaning hard on old themes, old tropes, and old characters. 
Nope, she kicked him out. She ended it (because he was acting like an ass and trying to get her to kick him out) 
Ultimatums are the foundation of a healthy relationship! 
It looked like she stole it from a museum 
Yum! 
Seriously. People that take joy in ruining shit for others are fucking awful people. 
I totally agree.  I actually overall like what they did with Luke's character, I enjoyed "Old jaded dickhead master Luke". It's too bad they didn't do more with him.  

Is it just me, or does anyone else get whiplash watching these movies?  They don't ever take any time to breath, every scene feels like seconds long (except long action scenes), no one really has any meaningful conversations with one another, character development takes a total back seat to just having "more stuff" happen.
Honestly couldn't have said it any better. I feel exactly the same way about it
This never would have happened if he had lawyer Morty on his side 
I'd say they have the opposite of genetic diversity
If it really is you, you sure repost this shit a lot.
Not *yet*, no high ranking politician grew up with the internet. When people from my generation or a little younger start running, their entire lives are going to be memorialized on the internet. 
Reminds of me of Tim and Eric
Doesn't have to be racist, I could see someone taking a crude posed picture, or making an off color joke, then having it used against them much later in life. 
To respond, you'd have a hard time convincing me there are people out there that have *never* done something stupid. I also think mistakes were learn from can teach us valuable lessons. 
We also had a rule where if you could, without looking directly at it, quickly stick your finger in and out of the hole (yeah I know), you got to punch them instead.
No, not at all, I'm saying it's possible the bar keeps getting pushed and pushed. Maybe someone said something racist and shitty on a message board when they were 17 years old. Should we hold that against them many years later? Just an honest question.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metropolis_Rescore
First off, thank you for your reporting.  

Secondly, I want to preface my question by stating that I do not consider the recent tidal wave of sexual misconduct allegations to be a minor thing. Sexual crimes are extremely serious, and should disqualify someone from office.  
  
With that said, do you wonder if we're quickly approaching an era in which the level of scrutiny public figures/officials undergo will basically disqualify just about everyone? In the age of the internet, nothing is forgotten, and as time goes by people who grew up with the internet will have their entire lives documented and readily available for anyone to look at. 
As someone who practices Byrd law, this is true.
Reminded me of [this scene](https://youtu.be/KGaS3e7J40M?t=16m35s) from Metropolis (1927).
No, they don't. There's even a term Cc companies use for people who never carry a balance, they're called "freeloaders" 
I was disappointed that he winner didn't offer a fistbump as the loser was being helped up off the ground.
Fuck that, tell him what's up haha.  
Can you post your response? 
I dunno, what's stopping you? 
I make peanut butter and honey sandwiches, they're amazing. 
Which is nice. 
I don't think brawls need to be too conscious of level playing fields. They're not competitive, only for fun. 
The Goldshire draw at the end is really the cherry on top. 
I was born in 1981 and I was wondering if you could give me a call whenever you have a chance to talk. 
Which is fine by me. I love the mode but I don't want them to feel limited to that forever, we'd be missing out on other cool things they could come up with. 
The biggest problem for these people is that they don't have the resources to cook. Even something simple like pasta, you need a working stove, a pot or two, some utensils, ingredients, and someplace to store it in order for it all to not go to waste. 
Cooking, even simply, takes resources. 
I dunno, it's kind of a big deal. He supported two separate candidates, one in the primary and on in the general, and they both lost. 
To clarify, I actually like The Killers music, but live they aren't good. Very much a studio band. 
Whose? I've seen both live, The Killers were awful. 
I'd rather see QotSA and get kicked in the face than see The Killers and not get kicked in the face... 
Android has song identification built in anyways, I haven't used Shazam in years.
I actually ended up RMAing my original phone, so I got a new phone with new charger.
Depends on what you're doing. i7 is overall better for gaming, but if you're doing anything like a lot of multitasking or video editing, Ryzen is the way to go for sure.
My cat was a rescue from the humane society. They charged $50 for him, but it included all his shots and getting neutered, plus they'd see him for free at the vet up to a month (I think) afterwards in case something was wrong. Also it helps fund the humane society. Totally worth the 50
Hey man, I'm sorry this happened to you, I'm just trying to explain how to avoid it next time. This happened to me years ago before smart phones. I had a flip phone that I was paying insurance on. After having it for a couple years, it broke (I may have thrown it against a wall...), so I called to get a replacement. The deductible was almost as much as the phone was worth, that plus all the monthly payments I made, I was paying way over what the phone was worth. That's how I learned the hard way. Happens to the best of us. 
I do video editing on my gaming pc, I highly suggest going the Ryzen route for a cpu. I love my 1700.
If they're so incredibly popular, then why can't those people fund his opinions? Why do I have to? 
Just go into your Facebook account settings. You can see what demographic they've put you in to target you with ads. Simply delete "autistic" and you shouldn't see it again. 
Your insurance isn't a bank account, it's a policy to replace what you had if something goes wrong, or the equal value. It makes sense to insure a brand new phone, but eventually it stops making sense. Simply setting the money aside starts to become a wiser investment. You learned the hard way. It's not a Google thing, it's an insurance thing. 
Why do you hate the print screen button so much?
So by not funding literally every world view in existence, I'm actively supporting censorship? What kind of insanity is that? 
It's not censorship, people don't want to fund his bullshit, so they're crucifying him by canceling. It's not like we don't know what he stands for, he has an entire career of work to look at. 
I use it all the time, it's strange you're so insistent that I don't have enough information to make an informed decision. I'm glad you like your shield, they're cool.
In the end, it's a preference. If you like your shield better, that's cool. My girlfriend likes roku better than the chromecast too. But I don't get the argument that it's more clumsy to use, I always have my phone with me, touch screen/voice search will always be more intuitive and faster than menus with a remote, especially roku. Some of the roku apps are really lacking. Hulus new interface for it is really awful. 
I do actually, I have a roku tv. I like roku just fine, but there's no way it's faster than my touch screen with my chromecast, which also supports CEC
I can't see how... Unless you have traditional cable. But then there's no argument anyways because you can't use chromecast with traditional cable. I'm mostly talking about Netflix, hulu, plex, etc. 
Yeah, that's definitely an example where, if your friends don't all have the app, chromecast isn't going to work very well. Luckily I have a roku tv, so I get the best of both worlds. 
Right, but if you watch the videos they make perfect sense. They're always cohesive stories. 
I use Plex as well. I think I bought the app on sale for 99 cents a long time ago. I get not wanting to pay $5. Do you use Google Opinion Rewards?  Free money for apps, I've probably made $100 in credit over the last few years using it. 
Touch screen interface will always be faster/easier than using a remote to navigate a menu, in my experience. How old is your phone? Unlocking my phone with my fingerprint takes a fraction of a second, and launching an app takes maybe 1-2 seconds...
She looks like she's being held against her will
I love it! 
What are you talking about?
Aside from Android TV (which still works), I can't think of any.
No, that doesn't make sense. It's a money scam, no two ways about it. Why sabotage the whole thing by making videos with themes clearly inappropriate for children? The whole scam would work fine if they just made brainless kids videos.
I don't even think that's true, tbh. There are some CG channels that are absolutely procedurally generated, but the animated and live action ones (obviously) aren't. Even when they borrow stories from each other, they are never done in exactly the same way, even though they could totally get away with doing it like that. 
Yeah, Google didn't really need Waze, they just bought it so no one else could. 
Hah, fun story about that. 

Had a party at my place, a friend brought over some bacon vodka. We all tried a little bit, everyone hated it. Later in the night, after drinking a lot, we end up in my roommates room just talking. The friend with the bacon vodka finds an empty water bottle on the floor and pours the vodka in. We all laugh, forget about it, party ends and everyone leaves, I go to bed pretty drunk. 

The next morning I wake up to the sound of my roommate screaming profanities. He woke up super hung over, saw the water bottle, and took a huuuge chug of bacon vodka. Poor guy... 
As someone who's watched a lot of this stuff, the vast majority of it isn't procedurally generated 
I actually agree with you, but your explanation doesn't explain some of the content on there. If the scam was purely for money, I don't understand why they inject fetish stuff into some of them. It's not just foot stuff, it's slave/rape/stiletto/urine/etc etc
You forgot to add "learning colors" to the end. 
Agreed, I never understood why people have a remote control fetish. With my chromecast, my phone is my remote, and I always know where that is. Plus chromecast works awesome with my Google home. 
Hell, we only just recently got Amazon video back on the play store. 
Yep, same here. I was pretty hyped when Echo first came out but I made myself wait for Googles version because I knew it wouldn't play nice with my Google stuff. 
Moved here from Detroit about a year and a half ago. Can't bitch that much, last year wasn't all that bad. 
I'm on the west side of the state. Doesn't look like it'll get that cold here, but we're going to get snow every day of the week.  Love that lake effect snow!
There are plenty of places to do snowmobiling, skiing, etc. Doesn't mean it's not a pain in the ass to clean off your car and drive in snow every morning.
Michigan here as well. Snow is pretty cool until after New Years, then it looses all of it's appeal for me and turns into a giant pain in the ass until March/April/May, or whatever fucking month is decides to stop being cold here.
It's a perfectly cromulent word
Not really justice server until he wins. 
I'm so pissed they're bringing him back
Supposedly, we're slowly getting it. Someone on the subreddit said they got it, they might be doing it in waves.
I read somewhere that when merchants are selling items on Ebay and run out of inventory, they'll put the listing at a crazy high price until they get more inventory in. That way they don't have to pull the listing and relist (which costs money).  

It's possible that's what's happening here.  Or they're crazy. One or the other...
Oh I've played Hanzo. I'm not great at his left click, that's true. But his scatter shot? It's such an easy kill it's pathetic.
Well, they're two different classes, one is pure DPS and one is a sniper class. DPS classes are supposed to do high damage, and Bastion has to be completely stationary in order to do it. He's a sitting duck when in sentry mode. Hanzo is a very mobile sniper class, he's supposed to be rewarded with accuracy. He's hard to aim with, but good aim is rewarded by insta-death (for most chars). But for some reason he has an ability that rewards crazy inaccuracy and does insane damage, enough to completely melt tank chars. It doesn't make any sense.
Tight spaces = giant warehouse. Got it.
That's the dumbest counter example I've ever read on this sub, and that's really saying something.
It was probably my fault. The second I express interest in watching something, it gets pulled from Netflix.
Hey guys, I found Putin's alt. Maybe someone can give him the proper flair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOgUiPYVssI
Out of the loop, why is there an issue with T-Mobile stalling updates?
You're arguing a point no one's making. No one gives a shit about if they have a right to their opinion, they're just saying it's unbelievable that someone could get away with having that as their name. 
That cartoon owl settled this years ago. It's 3
Who the fuck implied it was illegal? 
Don't feel too bad, I doubt he runs his Twitter, just some young intern. I doubt McCain gives a wet shit about how many Twitter followers he has. 
Like the Nights Watch, wallstreetbets mods take no wives. There's no rule against it, it just never seems to happen for them. 
Hah for sure. Might be a decent media server with some more storage 
It's not the best because "murica", it pays the best (generally speaking) and frankly is the most prestigious league in the world. The vast majority of the players aren't American, they're from all over the world.  Don't be foolish.  

Also I literally just said I watch KHL hockey, so I don't understand why you're saying I don't know how good players are from other regions.  

Edit:  For the record, leagues like the KHL still pay big time bucks, don't get me wrong. But there's a reason most players go there as a backup plan. The NHL is still THE league to play in, and the best players in the world play there (certainly with some exceptions).
I mean, it's a POS but hardly a shitty tech deal. It's 100 dollars with windows included, you'd pay 80 just for the license trying to build something. 
Mostly just NHL and KHL
Just like watching the best of the best compete, which is sort of the entire point of the Olympics 
Would you risk millions of your dollars on something that doesn't benefit you at all?
She's taking all that shitty beer to the dump? 
Ah, I guess I remembered wrong, I knew they took a break but I guess they made up the games later. 
I think some teams have on an individual basis allowed players to go since then. Maybe you're right, but I doubt the NHL will make that the overall policy again. 
That's my memory of it, when Simpsons ended I turned it off. Going to have to marathon it soon. 
IIRC, the NHL used to take a break in the middle of the season to let players go play for their respective countries. This shortened the season, meaning less money. 

But probably a bigger reason, these teams are under contract to play for them for millions. They don't want to risk sending their assets off to play games that don't benefit their teams, and risk season ending or career ending injuries. 
I really hate that the NHL doesn't participate anymore. I totally get why, but those games were so fun to watch 
I never tried to watch KotH when it was on, I feel like I missed out. 
Hah, I guess it's a generational thing. 
All video game consoles are now called "The Nintendo" 
... With CLUB SAUCE
https://i.imgur.com/f5wINmh.gif

Oh, for sure, obviously if I'm looking at a mostly static card game, that's different than if I'm playing a fast paced racing game.  In general, you can absolutely tell the difference.
Just tell them it was for internet points, they won't mind. 
Most monitors/tvs have a 60 htz refresh rate, meaning that 60 fps is the max you'll see. There are monitors with higher refresh rates, though. I have a 144 htz for gaming, and I can very much tell the difference between, say, 60 fps and 120 fps 
"In Dominican Republic, kids don't act this way" 
 
... Accidentally spill ice cream? 
I always thought he was a creep, but this episode put it to a new level, to the point where I think he's actively trying to sabotage the relationship. Maybe he just wanted a free trip to the US, maybe he just wanted a green card and thought he could tolerate everything, or maybe he genuinely liked Molly but doesn't want to have to take care of kids. 
Will definitely keep an eye out 
You mean the "average everyday underwear" store? 
The one I had would usually start to charge when I plugged it in, but then it would eventually stop charging. 
For what it's worth, there were a few of us on here (myself included) that got a faulty charger.  Sounds like you have the same issue.  It's probably not the phone.
Looks awesome, enjoy! Now you'll forever chase the high of getting all your parts together and finally putting them all together. 
I'm with you about the first season, I didn't really like it much. As others have already said, second and third seasons are much better. It's still not the show I wanted, but it's definitely enjoyable. 
It's nbd, I originally had the same thought as you. 
I think they're just going as "stuff you use with coffee", not to imply that sugar plus coffee equals half and half. 
That kid is my spirit animal 
There were so many weird rp servers like that, they created some really hilarious moments 
Seems like most of these "issues" are just server client lag. Like the McCree ult, he killed you before your wall, it just looked different to you because of latency. 
Prettay, prettay, pretty good
Fight that shit, that could be literally anyone's giant Rickmobile.
From what I've read and experienced, it's true. Just takes longer to warm up. 
Last night I dumped 3 totally frozen chicken breasts into my instant pot with some   salt pepper and oregano. I greased the pot and put in a cup of water. Turned it to fifteen minutes. I gotta say, it wasn't the best chicken I ever had, but for doing basically nothing it was pretty damn good. 
/R/humansbeingbros
What the fuck are you talking about? You had to go out of your way to give them money for this, they specifically said what they were going to do.
I had to turn it off in hangouts.  It was handy, but 90% of the time super obnoxious. Sometimes I'd get two separate alert noises, sometimes the alert noise would continue long after I answered, or sometimes it wouldn't stop at all.
I never said Judaism is better than Christianity. Why do you keep changing the subject instead of addressing the points I make?
Nothing is more pathetic than a christian apologist taking his religion a-la cart. It's your fucking holy book, you don't get to blame the bad stuff on "the Jews". 

“Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them. I tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen, will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished." (NIV, Matthew 5:17–18)  

Jesus specifically says he isn't here to erase the old laws. They're still valid, and if you're actually a christian you're supposed to follow them.  Which is unfortunate, because they're awful.
Dude, read a Bible, it's fucking horrifying.
Literally all they had to do was give Hangouts a long overdue face lift. Update UI and functionality to what Allo does, continue allowing text messaging, integrate Duo video, etc. They already had a user base. Also get rid of the default SMS Android app, then all of a sudden you have everyone on Android using the same exact app for messaging. 
Well, sir, there's nothing on earth
ike a genuine,
bona fide,
electrified,
six-car
Monorail!
"Sign language" killed me.  I still cannot believe he fucking did that.
Np! It's just south of 94 on Westnedge.  It was pretty insanely busy when it first opened but hopefully it's died down since then.
That's sad. I mean, whatever, have one fast food chain in there if you want. I understand there would probably be a need for grabbing something quick, but they should absolutely have one or two healthy alternatives. Especially in the food court.
Just south of Kalamazoo, there's also a stand alone in Grand Rapids as well.
They just built a standalone in Portage. Obviously not SE Michigan, though.
IIRC There's been a Subway in there for years too, just adding more garbage.
Joy Reid and Sean Hannity are two sides of the same coin. They're  partisan hacks and don't have a brain cell between them.
I've definitely seen it somewhere here on the west side of the state recently 
Pretty sure they made him and his wife sign something saying they wouldn't talk about it until after the release. Even if he was the type of person to want to do that, he wouldn't have in fear of them coming after his family. 
Someone should dip those controllers in disinfectant 
I... Hope you meant "like" 
I really disliked Ep. 7.  I enjoyed Rogue one, though.  We'll see how ep 8 turns out I guess.
How good a Star Wars film turns out is inversely proportional to how much input George Lucas had in making it.
As someone who now works in Grand Rapids, pretty pissed I can't use Founders to lure my friends to visit anymore.
No particular recipe, but a beef stew is pretty easy and you'll be amazed how fast it cooks. 
Man, how isn't this higher, I've never laughed so hard in my life when he dropped that line

You could sell a million in Amazon stock with the push of a button in about 30 seconds. 
Yeah but it's not the same, I can swipe left from anywhere on the keyboard with SwiftKey. I'd rather use gboard, though. 
I really wish they'd copy some of SwiftKeys functionality... Specifically swipe to delete. I absolutely can't live without that. 
I subscribed to the WP after reading this. 
No video, but here's a pic of me getting my Genesis.  My sister also got a red Gameboy.
https://imgur.com/a/pgMpK
No one wants Eric.
This sub is getting ridiculous. Just because you have kids or aren't traditionally attractive doesn't mean you don't deserve a nice person or someone who "has their shit together". 
I'd rather set my $20 on fire and eat dirt. 
Good bot
That's totally untrue, I can tell my home to turn on youtube, Netflix, etc on a specific TV and it will turn on my TV for me and play whatever I say. I've never messed with IFTTT
Pretty much every test I've seen puts Google on top. 
Really? I got one with my Pixel 2 as well, I also have the original Home, and another mini on the way. They're really useful! Even if you just use them for music/weather/setting timers.
31 here, I do as well. Maybe it's a cultural thing, but it doesn't really strike me as odd unless you really sit and think about it. But then again everything is weird when you sit and analyze it. 
If that's true, then good on him. Haven't heard anything since the drama. 
I just hate people that abuse systems that are supposed to help make the game better. 
Nah I'm good
While all those things are true, I really don't play her all that much anymore. I think he's just a twat. 
Are we still talking about this moron? 
This mode just gets dumber and dumber 
Get your devil worship out of here! 
I mean, seems like you're not too worried about the cost based on your list, so yeah two of the same is best. I only game on one monitor, so my main is a 144hz, my secondary is a 60hz (same size) 
That's exactly the point of the white list. It would be a limited but ever growing library of curated and reviewed content. The bullshit wouldn't be able to abuse algorithms to get seen, because they haven't been whitrlisted
Hot 
Usually venues have a license to play music. I believe it only covers a certain pool of songs, which is partly why you hear the same shit at weddings all the time. 
Don't forget Pepe Le Pew, if that guys not a sexual predator, I don't know who is! 
I mean, digital content is a recognized thing. It's taxed just like physical items. It doesn't need to have resale value. 
I feel horrible for the devs. Nothing like your art work being ruined by greedy suits. 
It doesn't have anything to do with value, it has more to do with expectation. If you're at a slot machine and put in 10 dollars, you're not guaranteed anything. You could walk away with nothing. With Pokémon cards (physical) or hearthstone (digital) you're guaranteed to get something for your money. 
Are... Are you driving? 
It's going to be a long wait til season 4, isn't it? 
No, it was in the United States, I just meant in case people tried to get something similar passed in the US that perhaps that case would come up. It was physical, but I'm not sure that's relevant. 
This came up with Pokémon cards. There was a lawsuit alleging that buying the packs of cards was basically gambling for children. The end decision was basically it's not gambling because you're guaranteed to get something (certain number of cards with a guarantee of at least one rare). Seems applicable in games with loot boxes or card packs as well. 
Does he work at Equifax? 
You'd be awarded tens of dollars! 
God I watched The Simpsons so much I can hear this shitty kids voice in my head while reading it. 
Et tu, Bowser? 
They actually had to plead with people to not use their money as toilet paper. It was cheaper to wipe your ass with it than to buy toilet paper. It didn't take long for their sewer system to get all jammed up. 
I don't want to know your name, I just want BANG BANG BANG
I thought we concluded it was a bug, not a nerf? 
Same here. I regularly get email "reminders" from Amazon. "Remember that Amazon Prime Video is included free with your Prime subscription! We notice you haven't used it lately." Well no shit I haven't used it lately, you basically hold the service hostage on your own devices 
Damn
I was on the receiving end of probably the most hilarious burn on the internet. Search for "gamefaqs dirt expert", it was a long time ago but people still talk about it. 
I thought this was already known? I know there are people who teach their kids sign language before they can speak. 
As someone who recently moved to the west side, I'm a little bitter that I can't make my friends jealous when I go to founders anymore... 
https://youtu.be/3KquFZYi6L0
I had always heard that too, guess not! 
Do you even read the garbage they post? They invite the mockery. It's not like they're just depressed people, they're racist and sexist garbage. 
What gpu? Maybe contact the manufacturer and see what they say. If it's brand spanking new I would just see if you could exchange it
Am I crazy for thinking she needs a tiny damage buff? I've been playing her a lot, and overall really like her, and I'm fully aware she's not a dps char. But sometimes I'll be locked on someone and it doesn't even seem like I'm doing anything. It seems like Lucios passive heal heals at the same rate as Moiras damage. 
Update! 
https://www.reddit.com/r/ElsaGate/comments/7dw1w2/slowing_down_speech_from_elsagate_style_videos/
There's another post on this sub where people tracked down where they're getting their audio samples, have you seen that yet?  They linked to the exact site, just a royalty free samples site.
Christ.
Coke seems to be a common theme. McDonald's too. My guess is that it's what someone front another country thinks of when they think of America 
I can't bring myself to click it, what is it? 
I've definitely heard it before and want to say it's an actual children's song. However searching for it yields so much of this garbage now it's impossible to tell. I'll do a refined search when I get home. 
For sure. In a world where AI and Machine Learning have basically turned into marketing terms, they definitely get thrown around too liberally. 
If you can comb through all the spam comments, you'll find some genuine reviews saying how the game is barely playable because of all the ads. Seems to confirm my previous statement about how everything is motivated by ad money. 
Good call, I look forward to it 
Well, I can't answer for everyone on the sub, but even though I believe there is some element of automation/ai, technology is a tool (like a pen or pencil) and there are absolutely people behind all of this, people who need to answer for what they've unleashed. 
Man, good find. Especially because these go back 2015, fits the theme and the time line of when the videos started. 
To be clear, I'm not the person trying to connect the apps and the videos. I haven't seen any evidence they are connected. But for the sake of argument, let's assume they are. I strongly suspect that most of the work is already done for the videos and possibly apps. They have templates, sound effects, graphics already available to them. It doesn't take much skill to key frame animation. I used to do it in the old days of Macromedia Flash. I was 12 or 13. They weren't great but with practice I got better, and if I had stuff pre-made for me it would have looked pretty damn good. This could be done with apps as well, make a few skeleton game types then dump whatever Disney or marvel assets onto it you wanted. 
Forgive me, I meant specifically in the context of the US legal system. Other countries may have laws against some of this imagery 
Yep, just like when people desperately wanted to hear secret messages in records played backwards. Paul is dead! 
Incidentally, could you provide any examples of similar stuff in apps/games? I clicked the link to the website, but I'm obviously not about to download any of that garbage onto my phone. None of the photos seemed to resemble any of the themes of ElsaGate, but that doesn't mean that stuff isn't in there. 
I don't see many theories that the entire process is AI with no intervention. I concede that most of the animations would be impossible to create without human intervention. But that's not what your title says, you say it disproves the Click bait theory, which it doesn't. Regardless of how the content comes into being, the click bait theory still stands. 
That doesn't prove or disprove anything. Even if there aren't any micro transactions in the app, they still get money from ads from within the app. Same scam, different product. 
I'd definitely link to the different types of videos. The cartoons, the CG videos, the "claymation" videos, and the live action. That way they're not just looking for one particular style of video, they'll understand that these things can take on any form.
To play devils advocate, I think kidnapping is a pretty easily understood conflict for videos with no dialogue. Kidnapping, stealing jewelry or money, and jealousy are the most common ones I've seen. Reminds me of the silent film era, a lot of those movies used the exact same kinds of conflicts because they were easy to convey without dialogue. 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCawoeM28kp5w6wQwwDl5GsQ

I believe this is the channel. 
I think pointless conjecture like this really does a disservice to how serious this all is. Stop coming to a conclusion first, then working backwards to prove it. 
I don't think there's any question about it. 
I'll post it later, at work on mobile now. I believe it's listed on the main stickied post but I forget the name. It follows all the same weird tropes as the rest. 
I don't think that theory can explain everything. Many of the videos aren't sexual, for one. They also bend over backwards to get youtube to serve their videos to children. 
Yeah, most are clearly from poorer countries. Not all of them are, though. I think there are a lot of copy cats jumping on the band wagon. There is a popular channel that appears to be from Italy. They seem to be pretty wealthy, nice house, nice cars, etc. 
If there's any product in the world that doesn't need covert advertising, it's porn. 
That wouldn't accomplish this level of story telling. All of the videos I've seen tell a pretty clear story. They all "make sense". The animation always matches what's going on pretty perfectly. If it was an ai or something computer generated there would definitely be instances of weird stuff that makes no sense within the context of the story. 
I honestly don't think these are coded messages using YouTube as a medium for illicit activity, BUT, let's assume that it is. At this point, I would imagine that anyone doing anything illegal would be jumping ship with all the attention this has been getting 
I subscribe to the "click bait for children" theory, however I don't think most of the videos are from an AI. Some certainly are, like the "egg city" channel, but that's pretty benign compared to most of the channels posted here. The animation would have to be done, in my opinion, by humans. It would be one thing if it were the same scenarios played out exactly, with an ai replacing the skins with different characters, but that's not what's happening. You'll get skits that are thematically the same, but the animation is different. I don't know how an AI would be able to accomplish this. 
After watching a lot of these, I honestly think these have gotten so popular that they're basically their own genre. The live action ones are clearly using readily available popular Halloween costumes. The Joker makes a lot of appearances in the cartoons, so I think people are just carrying it over to live action. Honestly I think it might even be a meme at this point 
A really quick and easy fix would be to just white list channels that have a long history and can be trusted. 
Overall I reject the hypothesis that this is a giant pedophile conspiracy. There's just way too much of this stuff. Thousands of videos, some channels upload multiple of day. No attempt at subtlety. Many of the videos are overtly sexual. I would think a group of child predators would attempt to be discrete. If you look at my post history you'll see my theory that I posted. I admit it's incomplete. It doesn't explain the obvious fetish themes in many of the videos. I can't figure that part out. Perhaps to attract as many clicks as possible. Children click for the marvel and Disney characters, adults click for the "what the fuck is this" reaction. To them a view is a view. I think their main goal is cracking Googles algorithm and raking in the cash. 
Of course, I'm not advocating looking thr other way. Report the videos you find objectionable, keep talking about the issue, spread the word. There's no way Google stands by doing nothing. It's bad PR, advertisers are going to be pissed, which means less money, which means pissed off stock holders. 
There isn't, and frankly there shouldn't be. We don't want the government to sort this out, because there will be tons of collateral damage. Youtube has to be the ones to do it. Worst case scenario, never let your kids touch youtube again. Problem solved. I grew up without it, I turned out fine.
What would you even report? I think these videos are disgusting and the fact they target children repulses me, but this clearly falls under freedom of speech. 

The disturbing videos featuring actual children, however, that's a different story. 
For one, it would interrupt their revenue stream. They'd also have to regain all their lost (legit) subscribers, which would take time. Also, YouTube could hash their videos, and put them on a blacklist, so they couldn't simply re-upload all their old videos. They could easily make new ones, but at least that would take time. 
Honestly I don't know. It seems really weird to me for a lot of reasons. Seems like this money scheme would work just fine without that stuff, so I don't know what the point of it would be. It's not even like covert, some of the videos are so obviously fetish inspired there's no denying it. 
Oh I don't doubt that something is being said, I just don't think the video maker said it.  They're all ripping these sound effects from some database somewhere (or off each other). I doubt what is being said is nefarious in any way, but if you can slow it down and hear something I'm all ears. Seems like a clumsy way to send coded messages if we can't even clearly hear what's being said.
Be careful you're not searching from your own account.  Everyone will get different search results based on their history. If you've been watching ElsaGate shit all day obviously you're going to see it everywhere on your account.
I think these are just copy cats, cashing in on the success of the cartoons. If you watch their videos they seem like they're pretty wealthy, someone pointed out they have Italian license plates. 
Aren't these sound effects just being recycled over and over in all of these types of videos? I don't think you can say there's specific messaging in any one of them. 
That's a pretty wild idea. There's no reason for Disney to get mixed up in all this. It's a massive scandal if caught, and the money generated is fucking small potatoes to one of the largest corporations on the planet 
That's fucking nightmare fuel, why would you let a toddler watch that? 
All the live action videos always are set in really nice looking houses,expensive cars, etc. Some don't look "lived in" (though the one from this video did). 
Someone linked an article somewhere talking about how Disney really relaxed their copyright claims on youtube, realizing that it's basically free advertising. With how blown up this all got, I wouldn't doubt they reverse that position really soon.
It seems pretty clear (to me, at least) what's going on here. Some foreign content creators are exploiting the fact that children watch Youtube. They add popular characters (Elsa, Spiderman, etc) to attract clicks. ~~They then make them odd/inappropriate to keep them around. Kids know when something is off or wrong, and it keeps their interest. I remember finding an old porn mag in the woods when I was a young kid.  I hadn't hit puberty, sex or women didn't interest me at all, but I knew it was something I wasn't supposed to be seeing and I couldn't stop looking at it.  Same here, except obviously they can't show porn on Youtube.~~

Edit: After watching tons more of these videos, I've changed this aspect of my opinion. There's pretty strong evidence indicating these videos are coming from other countries (like the Philippines). I think that they believe this is just what American audiences want/like/expect to see, even children.  Sex, violence, Coka Cola, McDonalds, candy, potato chips.  These are the themes they think of when they think of American pop culture, and they're all found in these videos. I don't think that necessarily explains away all of the common themes (like the weird pregnancy/injection stuff). I'm interested to hear others thoughts. /edit

It's purely a monitization scheme.  

If you notice, most of the cartoon videos are just over 10 minutes.  That's key. 10 minutes is the magic number for Youtube creators, it means you make more money off ads.  

Now, since all these weird videos blew up, now there are people copying them/turning them into a weird meme (like the live action ones).  Which is why they're fucking everywhere (with varying lengths).  They kept the themes because they're so fucking weird to begin with, why mess with a proven formula.  Ironically, now they're all getting WAY MORE views because we're all talking about them. 
Exactly. If you look at the videos, the VAST majority of them are just over 10 minutes, and if you're familiar with Youtube monitization that's no accident. 10 minute videos make more money off ads.
To be fair, it's a gigantic pet peeve of mine as well. I fucking hate it.
Exactly, if we were smart we wouldn't be on here at all 
I talked my gf into a chromebook for work when she wanted a laptop. Best thing ever. She's had it a year and I've only had to trouble shoot one weird thing. 
Two Hearted
Just out of curiosity, how much in labor would this lady be getting for free (in her dream world, that is)?
Seriously, I barely cared to begin with, no clue who this idiot was, now a billion posts about it. 
Show me some clips of Tim spam reporting someone for picking off meta, and I'll be happy to agree with you. And can you prove the sym was throwing? I haven't seen any proof of that at all. 
I didn't do shit, I saw the clip and moved on with my life, then I saw he got banned. He abused the report feature. He deserved punishment. He could donate his time to charity and homeless shelters every weekend and walk old ladies across the street, doesn't mean he didn't break a rule. If he's a good guy, hope he proves it by saying he messed up and doesn't break tos again. 
Seriously, what is it with this area and banks?? I moved here a year ago and I still can't believe how many banks there are by me. There are at least ten within a half mile of me
Isn't that how children justify things? They get caught, then instead of just facing the music and admit they did something wrong, they start pointing fingers at everyone else also doing it?  If Tim does that, he should be punished, but it has fuck all to do with xQc getting caught.  
I'm...not a one trick?  I play all chars, I don't even play Sym all that much in competitive, she's just my favorite in general.
I've seen several clips of him being toxic as fuck and just spam reporting people, then writing "fuck you" or other dumb shit. He's being an asshole for his teeny bopper fans. Fuck him, hope he gets permabanned next time. 
I don't spam report people because they main a character I don't like. I also don't write "fuck you" in the comment section when I report. He's an immature moron that got caught being an immature moron, and got punished. Fuck him and his toxic bullshit, and fuck his 14 year old fan base too. 
sadtrombone.com
I saw a clip where he reported a sym main a bunch of times for everything possible, and wrote "fuck you" in every comment. Guessing he does that often. Fuck that guy. 
This couldn't be less accidental 
It's true, PD was better in every conceivable way. It even had pretty amazing bot ai for multiplayer, with tons of different settings you could fool around with. 
Bears diss AND a "Don't Hug Me I'm Scared" reference?  Can I upvote twice?
I mean, he IS a writer, I don't doubt that he wrote all of that.
I mean, there's definately a point where it gets to be too much, but I don't think posting about it on (shock) gaming subreddits is such a crazy thing.  It's less about this one instance as it is people are fed up with the entire industry doing this sort of thing, BF2 just broke the camels back.
Ah, you're right, ctrl shift switch window then!
What if I told you I can worry about multiple things at one time?
That's actually hilarious, I've never even thought about that until now. 
That's how the Japanese get around gambling laws with Pachinko. You trade in your winnings for a stuffed animal, and coincidentally there's a shop next door that happens to be in the business of buying those exact stuffed animals at a really high price. 
Or, even easier, Snipping Tool, standard in Windows
Got mine too, glad they're finally going out.
Just received mine 5 mins ago.  Check your email, hopefully you got it too.
It's eminent, not imminent, and if you actually read their site you'd see they anticipate that. 
Are you fucking dumb? They get travel visas, fly commercial, then over stay the visa. 
The vast majority of illegal immigrants don't cross boarders illegally. They legally obtain a travel visa, then over stay on purpose. Thinking a wall will stop people from doing this is idiotic. 
Thanks for this, was going to contact support but now I'll give them one more day
They're supposed to come out of Beta before the end of the year. So technically they'd make it...assuming they actually do it.
Who's deflecting?  Just because you're hearing what you want to hear. I don't have any opinion on Podesta, if he's a criminal I hope he goes to jail, but this video has been floating around way before any of this pizzagate stuff, and they aren't saying what you think they're saying in it.
Thoughtful response! 
"No, what's my other name?"  "Dad" "That's right I am your father".  Doesn't fucking sound like "Skippy" at all, and "dad" plays into the next thing he says.
After his interview on Real Time, I can't take this guy seriously anymore.  
Just stopped by to upvote people shitting on albom.
Something is still fucked though, they only have a handful of posts, even if you ignore the negative ones (which are massive) you don't even come close to 7k comment karma. 
He loved that nickname
Literally no one is calling it rape, Mr strawman 
If you read Louis CKs statement, he acknowledged why it was wrong. Maybe try reading it 
Gertrude's Secrets. Some pretty fast action stuff! Haha
Ah, hello fellow Corsair RGB whore
I much prefer the snes sprites. Still charming to this day. 
What was it? 
Classic political gaff
I'm talking about boot camp for Vietnam, where people were drafted as 18 year old kids and sent into hell. Not to play the film school card, but that's my degree, and I actually spent a lot of time reading essays on the movie, and that's the common theme...so...not saying you can't get your own unique experience from it, but that's kind of the point of the movie.

Here's a good read https://deepfilmanalysis.wordpress.com/2016/02/24/full-metal-jacket-the-individual-is-dead/
How doesn't it? I mean, that's not even just the point of the movie, that's the point of boot camp in general.  

"The deadliest weapon in the world is a Marine and his rifle. It is your killer instinct which must be harnessed if you expect to survive in combat. Your rifle is only a tool. It is a hard heart that kills. If your killer instincts are not clean and strong, you will hesitate at the moment of truth. You will not kill. You will become dead Marines. And then you will be in a world of shit. Because Marines are not allowed to die without permission! Do you maggots understand?"
Honestly that's sort of the genius of it. The first half almost gives you the same trauma as the characters. Boot camp numbed you for everything that came after, just like it numbed and killed the humanity of the soldiers. 
Man, I think that's really selling his movies short. He's my favorite director. I've heard this critique before, and the fact that parts of his movies stick with you for the rest of your life shouldn't be a downside, it's a positive. Plus I don't think that's true of most of his work anyways, Dr. Strangelove for example. Plus, Clockwork Orange was a book, so he followed the narrative pretty closely (except for cutting off the end). 
https://i.imgur.com/zNP85pW.gif
Not I!
Still a shit position to put someone in, no one's saying he did something illegal, just immoral 
Mods are asleep and I done fucked up
I don't think they just "make stuff up", I'm saying they publish any whiff of anything they hear from literally anywhere. They published the CK thing from rumors and 3rd-4th hand accounts, which is total bullshit.
Goddamn you Lochness Monster!
The big difference is, the NYT did actual fucking journalism, vetted their facts, checked into everything before publishing.  Jezebel and Gawker are shitty gossip sites that will publish literally fucking anything. The fact that they got this right just means that if you throw a bunch of shit at the wall, some of it will stick.
Didn't they find the guy? Some American chemist, killed himself afterwards. 
Is there a reason women accusing Louis CK of stuff makes him a pervert, but women accusing Trump of harassment means nothing? Asking for a friend.
Free Mini with purchase of a Pixel 2
Okay, well, whatever, the point is all the extra bullshit just needlessly complicated the case.
Well, you'd be wrong, because the theatrics of it all gave the defense enough to appeal her conviction and hang a second jury up.
Out of the loop, what is it?
Thanks, I got mine the 27th so hopefully I get the email in a couple days.
When did you receive your phone?
This was happening to me multiple times a day after getting my 2XL.  I wish I could tell you what I did to make it stop, every time it asked I just confirmed my number.  Eventually I stopped getting the notification.
I haven't played long enough to have an opinion about if the mines are OP or not.  If the consensus is that they aren't OP, they should reduce the rate in which his ult charges, I think that's fair.
The woman is disgusting, but all the fucking theatrics the cops pulled after the sting was absurd. The whole fake crime scene, telling her he's dead, etc. Totally unnecessary, they had the video, arrest her and call it a day.
Yeah I feel the same way. Every time I hear his ult I think "how the fuck does he have his ult up already". 
He should have been wearing a pfd but it doesn't matter, it's still murder. If I'm drunk driving and get into an accident, killing someone, I don't get off the hook because they weren't wearing a seat belt. 
You don't WANT to salt the snail, but she leaves you no choice! 
Four years for murder, hardly justice. 
And credit card companies.
Seriously.  Some little kid flipped me off as I was driving the other day, but I didn't pull my car over and beat the shit out of him.  Act like an adult for fucks sake.
Wish I was in Arizona, then.  Sounds like a good deal. I'm in Michigan.
Yes, I have a degree from a state college.  In fact, I did substitute teach for a while, and I overall liked it a lot. Thanks.
Thanks!  Something to look into, in either case.  I originally was trying to avoid just getting a masters, from what I've read/heard it's a lot harder finding work with a masters.  They have to pay you more off the get go.
Thank you for this reply, it cheered me up a bit.  I've been down since yesterday finding out how far off I am from being able to apply to the program I was looking into.  It took me a very long time to obtain my degree, so it's disheartening to hear I'd have to go back and take so many more credits.  But after your comment I decided I'd look into it some more, perhaps I wouldn't have to take as much as I think. Thanks.
Depends...I can fake it if I have to! Haha.
I don't doubt she's telling the truth, but there's no way I'd let some reality show producer make me look like a creep like that.
Basically, more characters = longer message = something probably important.  We really have no idea, they could be wishing someone happy birthday for all we know.
Frankly, you shouldn't ingest anything at the rate in which Sessions says "I don't recall".
The design of 4 irritated me. It was supposed to be set quite a long time after the bombs hit, but everything looked like it happened last week. I don't expect people to have rebuilt a thriving down town or anything, but christ, people had shops that still had skeletons in them. Clean that shit up. 
... Because they're standing close to each other? 
White balance 
Maybe not initially, but now that they've proven themselves to be able to make money I don't see them stopping. 
I get 15% to 75% in 25 minutes. 
I agree it was a little out of place, but I think people are really disproportionately shitting on it. It wasn't that bad. 
Hm good point.  Cut it in half and sell each piece for 500k?
Me too. These factions are not friends, it's the backdrop to the entire story.  I'm pretty pumped about it.
If I had a million dollar rug I'd fucking sell it
Here's some proof. Wasn't quite as quick as I recalled, but close enough.  https://imgur.com/a/wHlxm
Did you think I forgot?  :-)  Just finished this test.  Went from 13% to 75% in a little under 25 minutes.  Not exactly what I stated from memory, but I think it's close enough to prove my point (perhaps you'll disagree).  Still think it's damn impressive.  

https://imgur.com/a/wHlxm
I don't remember saying anything about that being the only thing I cared about. Please don't put words in my mouth, thanks. 
It was pretty funny when they made him an elite. 
Holy shit that site is cancer on mobile. 
I'm white and I'm hoping he is white. I don't need to listen to more of Trumps bullshit for the next week. 
They sure gave hunter a weird hero power, then. 
Not exactly what you're looking for, but maybe working construction equipment? You'd be outside, probably not anywhere beautiful. Other than that, I don't think you'll be able find a job outdoors that pays well, isn't labor intensive, or high skilled. That's not really a thing. 
You know, Mr. Burns, you're the richest guy I know. Way richer than Lenny.

Yes, but I'd trade it all for a little more.


That's a lot of effort for an "I told you so". I totally approve. 
Calling GameCube "old school" makes me feel old. 
Man, look at the persecution complex on this guy. 
It was a bad joke... I'll leave now. 
Where can I find a 2.6666666 gig stick of RAM? 
Nice try, arch nemesis. 
Plus, I'd imagine successfully intercepting it over a populated area would drop a lot of dangerous debris. 
https://i.imgur.com/seh6p.gif
Basically the guys that started it were film students, giving money to the cause just bought them a bunch of nice gear to make videos with. 
Ah Ok, thanks for explaining that, here I was enjoying myself but now I know I'm doing it wrong. 
It's almost like it's completely subjective and different people like different things! 