Why would you wish harm on a single person while she could be used as a lesson for others?

There's no benefit if she just dies in deep regret. She needs a trial like everyone else, and we need to think about those things.

I know this is the internet and we're all anonymous but how about we don't wish people die...?
Je sais pas pourquoi le mythe persiste que les version dietes sont aussi horrible. Il y as pas de sucre, c'est pas "santé" puisque c'est vide, y'a rien de nourrissant là dedans, mais pas de sucre alors oui, c'est vraiment moins horrible, voir même pas néfaste du tout. Le goût est horrible, mais that's it. 
And yet we all wanted transformers here in QC too.

I look at those crazy commercials on youtube nowadays sometimes and it blows my mind that some people grew up with them.
Is that a Will it blend refference? Haven't even thought about that channel in like 6 years
Jesus christ Reddit... Yes, it's so obvious. Why are there so many comments above this one just calling the guy stupid.

Why is sarcasm and obvious humor constantly going over people's head on here? 
Ooooooor they just look better and innoffensive pictures of toy guns have more potential uses. That's what I'm saying, to tons of people this political debate doesn't cross our minds, and it's weird when people make it about that.
I'm not..? This has 1k+ points, it was on the second page of /r/all
As someome who's not from the US, and doesn't really think about or cares about guns in any way; I just preffer how the cartoony ones look.

Nothing else to say really, but it just seems like everyone makes this about politics and I just want you guys to know that people like me exist. I want them all to switch to those colorful lazer type guns because they just look better and I'd find more occasions to use them as opposed to an actual weapon.
You don't need statistics. If you get a call from an unknown caller you just don't answer. If it's important they'll leave a message or text.
Just like a musician can play by ear, you can become pretty good at judging when the water is at the right temp. I did for years. Buying a kettle with a temp setting just removes the (small) burden of having to care about it at all, you just set it and you can walk away and know it'll stop at the right time. But yeah, you definitely can live without, and the difference of 1-2 degrees you're missing out on won't make much of a noticeable difference in taste.
Sure you can, but this is a meme about how lobbyist paid off scientist to get the public to think it was all about fat.

You can make a meme whitout having to be 100% right about everything. 
I mean, look at literally anything with a label in the grocery store. There's nothing honest in marketting.
Does anyone do that? Like really, maybe you know someone who knows someone who's seen it happen once. People don't do that.
Same. I moved last summer and there's one literally next door. It's the only thing around at a reasonable walking distance, and I *love* coffee. I should be there all the time, but I went like 3 times and it was awful. The staff yelling at eachother, the weirdly divided 3 different waiting lines, and the overpriced greasy wrap in a cardboard thing that makes it get all soggy... No thanks. Haven't set foot in there for months.
You can't both be normal and also let yourself turn into this.
I don't know about "some states" because I'm not in one.

I thought it was nearly universal that only the pharmacist can write down a new prescription from a doctor. Just like as techs we can't give any medical advice, we can't create new prescriptions either.

Maybe it's not a law, but I just don't see it happen. It's too much risk for most pharmacist's taste and it's not like our lines are clogged up by doctors wanting to give verbal RX, they just send it by fax 99.9% of the time.
This one bothers me more than it should...

If you're a doctor, you should know the basics of how a pharmacy works. The other day one just started talking about someone's medication, without prefacing anything, and it took me a while to realise he was actually giving me a verbal prescription. He got angry when I told hin I'd transfer him to the pharmacist, realising he'd have to start over.
Put on another coat. Problem fixed.

There's no such solution in summer, and the discomfort is everything but mild. You just instantly feel tired and sticky once you go out the door, and you can't do anything about it.
I usually agree with this, but that's what I'm saying. Taking out XXX $ in cash every month as spending money is the system. If you can't actually follow the system and go out of your way to break the limitation, I feel like this goes beyond what just a system can fix.
>and it's comfortable to be outside

No it's not. You must be a reptile.

Also I don't have a car, and I do admit that this seems to make winter a billion times better for me, because that seems to be the one thing everyone else complains about the entire season.
Same here... I'll take too cold over too hot any day. 

Sure I like summer, but I don't get why everyone LOVES it, when most days you just don't feel comfortable ever if you go outside. That sucks. Months of feeling exhausted and sticky, so I end up canceling every plan and just go out for a walk at night and play video games with the AC on in the day.
Well that's a bit intense.

The point of having the money in cash is that you don't have to remember numbers anymore. If you forgot or just underestimate how much money you already spent this month on non-essential stuff, it's easy to spend too much. If it's in cash you can visibly see it.

If you literally can't stop yourself with your own will, then some neat trick to simplify a buget will not cut it.
I do the same, but with Google calendar. I color code them according to the method of payment, and set notifications for ones I might wanna keep an eye on.

It really helps a bunch, and it's much less daunting than a full fledged buget program. Just gives you an overall idea of how to spend your spare money. 
You've never seen cameos in cartoons before?
This just SCREAMS satire. Can't believe I had to scroll this far down to see this.

This is almost as worrying as anti-vaxxers, not being able to perceive humor whatsoever. What else does everyone just believes??? No wonder /r/atetheonion got so popular recently
No it doesn't say app anywhere.
''cultural''?

I feel like this is a SJW looking for something to complain about and not even knowing what words to use.

>sweet like honey. stings like Bee

Ok or she might just be 12. 
Why? Unless by ''care'' you mean ''be an aggressive asshole trying to convince you''.

Of course, we should care about what we buy, and when some companies do things you disapprove of, hold values that you don't, or just make shitty products, choosing not to support them matters.

Sorry I just don't like this mentality. I see way too many people jump, almost aggressively, to the ''Well that's what I like, alright??'' whenever you try to have a mild discussion about choices at all, and I think saying things like this encourages the behaviour.
I'm just dropping by to say Fuck you to whoever wrote that title. "Illegal party drug", what a way to demonize something for no reason.
The 30k figure is an obvious joke about how much the picture alone cost.

Your sarcasm-o-meter needs to get checked.
I'm using pornhub too.

I have adblock so I've never seen an ad on it, all the videos I see are full lenght, and the stuff asking you to join is just a banner at the top.

I'm not convinced. Do you get anything else?
Who gets paid in cash? What sort of jobs? I would be so suspicious if my employer paid me in cash, I don't know anyone who is.

Why would they ''intend to pay something in cash''? That's more trouble than a card so why would you? (again, except for drugs or other illegal things I guess) especially expensive things, you're carrying around something that attracts attention.

I just can't come up with examples. Even my landlord specified to me he wouldn't accept cash.
Genuine question; Other than for buying drugs, why does anyone carry 50 or 100$ bills? I've never had any of those in my life and I can't think of a situation where I'd need them.

Well, I haven't had *cash* at all for years apart from quarters for the laundry but that's another story. Like you have to go to an actual human bank teller and ask for those things that just make every transaction more complicated. Why?
I'm just here from /r/all and I can't believe you guys talk like those are normal names and things to say. ''Taco to liquid confirmed''. What.
It wasn't dickish I just saw your question as unanswerable because a "meal portion" literally could be anything depending on who you are.

I couldn't imagine people calculating this by *size* though. That kinda blows my mind honestly. I'm not sure how size indicates anything.
Look at the recipe and find out...?

Some people need 1000 calories a day and some 3500. Some people eat 1 meal a day and some 7.
Idk, I live in Montreal Canada and my apartment is 670 CDN (520 USD) and I could have found cheaper if I bothered to look. Last year I rented one that was 470 (367 USD) and it was perfectly fine too, close to a metro station, but it was a studio and I could hear my neighbours a bit so I moved.

This ''average'' doesn't really mean anything IMO. You have to make a distinction between actual places to live, and places you live in to show off. The 0.1% are the one renting 50,000$/month mansions.
Their sketches are all still very funny. They had a ''meh'' phase but the new cast is great IMO.
Well it matters when someone asks where it is because the answer is "nowhere"
Super simplified version: Asian cultures usually use loose leaf green or oolong (between green and black) tea in colder water for shorter periods of time. British tea is the black powdered tea in bags under boiling water.
Green is more like 75-80, and herbs depends on what it is.

But yeah, It's dilution, nothing magical happens it's just as if you brewed the tea in more water in the first place.
Because who cares, my neighbours hear me and that's fine, it'd be creepy if they could see me.

Also you have a phone with you at all times which has an even better microphone.
No, but there's quite a difference between loose leaf, green, fresh tea in 75 degree water for 3 minutes vs powdered who-knows-how-old black tea in a bag from a box in boiling water. It's like asking for a slice of french bread and getting grocery croutons. They'd be fine in a cheap salad but it's not breakfast.
I mean... It's cheap and delicious. I don't even have regular sugar actually.
The bane of every pharmacy tech...

To everyone explaining the 90 degrees thing; you're wrong. The bond between the little plasticky bit you grab and the paper is just weaker than the bond between the paper and the bottle like 50% of the time. There's nothing you can do about it.

Then you just stab the living hell out of it with the back of your pill counter spatula and call it a day.
It still doesn't work a lot of the time, trust me those things are awful and glued on way too tight. There's also no way you can tell how OP did it from the pic.
Maybe that's just a very teapot-looking kettle. My electric kettle actually kinda looks like that.

BTW British people took tea and made it into something completely different, everyone in asia is also "raging like the incredible Hulk" every time you guys mention tea. It's just a matter of perspectives.
Depends what you mean by "tea purists". The classic british tea is black tea, powdered, in bags, under boiling water. That's basically not even tea anymore, if you compare it to loose leaf green/oolong tea. It's kinda weird honestly that people think of england when they hear "tea" and not china or japan.

But basically, yea if you're brewing grocery store tea bags it's already pretty awful so do whatever you want to make it slightly better.

Disclaimer; I have a big box of twinnings earl grey, sometimes I get lazy too. It's okay. Add milk, water and sugar (or maple syrup in my case) if that's what you need to be able to drink it.
You could watch the video and find out?
I don't know, I trust complex algorythms and instant access over me thinking the cover looks cool and some old guy who likes 60's jazz a bit too much recommending stuff to me.
No one is yelling at anyone, you told me to get my shit together when no part of the conversation was about me. Just saying most people are fine on minimum wage or slightly above and thus saying that someone with said full time minimum wage job with half a mil in bank could'nt possibly live comfortably is not true. It's not like I'm not aware some people live in New york in a 15 million dollar condo the size of my wardrobe, there's tons of ways to live out there.
My shit is together alright, chill. And okay if you live in a place where your rent is 2k a month then sure. Your mileage may vary.
Most people are working minimum wage jobs and get by, and you're saying they would'nt be alright with an extra *half a million*???

Yup, no need to argue I don't think we live in the same universe.
Yeah but OP said he/she has 500k saved. Pretty much any job is sustainable in that case.
What's so awful about it? TBH everyone at starbucks always seems chill and they get free coffee. Plus you're not really responsible for anything beyond the customer in front of you right now, once you leave your day is truly done.
I know someone will chime in with something like *"being frugal is about the values, not just the money"*, but I still can't look at this whithout thinking it's a waste of time. This probably saves you 25 cents a year if you're lucky.

But hey if it's already a habit and you'd spend more effort *not* doing it, then whatever, but this is on the same order of magnitide as going down 6 flights of stairs because you see a penny on the ground outside your building.
Ok but how does this have anything to do with legalization? They're already ill-equipped for it, it's already illegal to drive high and it'll remain so, nothing changes on that front...?

I don't get it. You have a thousand upvotes, can someone chime in?
Yup, exactly. 
How is your point about avocados moot after discovering it only applies to processed foods, when your point was about a processed food item containing avocado? 

Your point is very valid. I think it's too hard to define healthy ammounts of anything, and this might steer the entire population towards one type of diet, which IMO is a bad idea.
I mean... Still probably healthier than doritos just because of the variety, there's more nutrients in a bunch of various colored vegetables than russet potatoes mixed with flour and god knows what. Plus even if the ammount of fat or sugar is the same they could be different types of fats and sugar which changes everything. It's still chips, but I'm sure they're less awful.
What do you mean by not everyone knows how to read it? It's a chart telling you how much there is. PLUS another number (DV percentage) to give you another angle. What more could they advertise on the front? How could it be dumbed down more? 

"This candy bar contains a couple proteins, some fat but not that much, and a crap load of sugar" in big bold letters? Well now that's way too vague and I'm gonna look at the chart instead anyway.
...does it become a new molecule when it's "added"?

All this stuff just confuses people... "orange juice, 100% pure, no added sugar"

Well sure, but orange juice is *already* nutritionally empty sugar water. Surprise,  there's sugar in fruits.
From my Game boy advance, to my galaxy S8, I've never had a screen damaged.

What. Are. They. For? Seriously? The touchscreen on my DS is scratched on every mm, and yet it's still completely functional and the image is unaffected. And modern phones are basically scratch-proof.

I don't get it, it won't protect it from cracking either. Do you carry your devices in a bag of rocks while jogging?
When you call people walking a ''revolution'', a complicated issue ''common sense social justice'', and a democratically elected president a ''tyrant billionnaire'', you're hurting the cause more than anything.

I don't agree with a lot of things happening in this world either, but I don't think talking and acting like that is the way you wanna go. You're not very far from saying we should tear it all down and start from scratch, which you do **not** want to happen in a world like ours right now.

It's not ''fearless'' it's ''trendy''. You can be too scared to *text* someone to say something important or call your grandma on her birthday and still go to a march like this.
If I use facebook *literally only for instant messaging*, as in, I don't like anything, comment on anything, post anything, there's a single picture on my account and it isn't me, and I only use it through messenger lite; Should I be worried about anything?

Everyone says you should delete your account but then I won't be able to contact anyone anymore.
I feel like no one at a bank would actually say something like this.

Just like how I work at a pharmacy and can't make comments about what people are prescribed or when someones comes for a viagra refill. You just don't. A big check could mean anything.
I'm not sure how this would ''disconnect us from nature'' more than a cellphone does. Can you elaborate? You're still doing all the same things, the information is just in your field of vision instead of in your pocket. In fact, if they make some AR games where you can see weird creatures wandering around, I'm about 1000x more likely to go for a walk in the woods somewhere, which I never do right now.

I don't trust the government either, but neither do I trust them with what's on my phone. I think if you were to trace a line anywhere, you should have traced it way way way way earlier. We're in this now. Technology is exploding and I'm not sure we can stop it.

To me this just seems like the logical next step. People walking around right now with a smart watch already have a foot in the door, if they set it up to vibrate to give them directions for instance (vibrate twice to turn left, once to turn right). You can have a weird 6th sense through those, without having to look at a device. This is just the same thing but better. If you've ever watched cable TV or been to pretty much any website without an adblocker, you know we already don't have control over what we see, so again nothing really changes here. We'll still be fighting the same fight over the control of our content, just with better technology.
Well the instantly-translated video chat is amazing, you could speak to anyone from anywhere.

Instantly seeing the names and ratings of shops, the shopping list stuck to your shopping cart and the floating names of what's in the aisles, directions etc.

The reason this feels ''viscerally revolting'' is because the video seems to be made that way for some reason. The women sounds like she's on 6 different anti-depressant, and obviously, you'd have to have the ability to turn the virtual stuff only when you need it, which doesn't seem to be the case there.
This would look pretty cool without the incessant desperate sighs.

Of course you'd have to get some laws passed to reduce the advertising, and the ability to turn off all the street traffic signs and all the other unecessary stuff, but other than that... I want basically everything in this video.
>and now I have an Android phone with more processing power than our family PC from 20 years ago.

If you have a recent phone it's more powerful than *any* computer from like *ten* years ago.

The S9+ has 6GB of RAM, a 2.8ghz 8 core processor, and can film 4k 60 fps videos... What in the actual fuck, that's basically my gaming computer from 3 years ago. Time flies.
For some reason my podcast app (Pocket cast, Android) wouldn't let me download the episode, only stream it. For whatever its worth, it may just be a random bug, but the fact that the podcast opened up with this ''new audio equipment'' talk I think this may be worth mentionning.
That should be tagged NSFW for sure.
Wasn't the Hitachi magic wand originally sold as a back massager?
There's no downstem. That's it. I keep thinking about it but it doesn't make less sense.
It won't just ''perfectly replicate'' it will enhance. 
That's so weird. I'm in Montreal (way colder than New York) and going outside at -30 feels like life punching you in the face, which is actually awesome. Just dress appropriately. Cold shock feels great and is good for you, you may just not be used to it
I think most people saying this support the *values* of communism, rather than the way it inevitably expresses itself in the type of system we have now. 

It'd be great to share and all have equal opportunity and whatnot. But as long as you have a monetary-market system, a government, power, etc... It ends badly.

So they "sort of" have a point. It wasn't "real communism" because what they mean by "real communism" is pretty much impossible.
So how is a chair made? They bend the tree into the right shape?

This whole thread is confusing
Well you can't agree or disagree with the note (assuming you don't know who Jordan is), and sure I would just move on too, but you're going to judge it if you look at it. You're a human being, you apply meaning to stuff, and all I'm saying here is that the meaning I apply reflexively to a shitty handwritten note promoting some guy is *''ew, someone trying to get me into some cult or group again.''*, because that's pretty much always what they are.

Like graffitis, or pandering public posts on facebook, or banging on the windows during a speech... You gotta chose a medium that doesn't make you or your point look dumb. And to me this looks dumb.

But hey, if I'm completely disconnected from reality and this somehow doesn't make people cringe and associate his name with the kind of people plastering stuff on walls, and it rather makes them look him up, listen for hours, and gain something out of it, great. I just can't see that being likely at all.
Perfectly okay with them because they're advertising an event which is happening near and you can attend, and they usually tell you everything you need to know right there on the poster. They have one unambiguous purpose. They're also usually in the entrance of venues, or on dedicated things like bus stops or certain walls in populated areas.

This is just a random ''I LIKE THAT ONE GUY'' written sloppily on paper. It gives off all the wrong impressions IMO, unless there's a bunch of context I'm missing. The first thing I thought seeing this is those ''research flat earth'' post-its that were all around my city a couple months ago.
We're talking about humans here, not dogs. I don't have kids personally, but you can't act like there's no difference between an adopted kid and a biological one. Tons of people chose to have a kid of their own for a bunch of very valid reasons which you'll figure out yourself if you think about it for a second. It's definitely not ''ridiculous''. 
I'm pretty sure that students, unemployed people, retired people, people working in arts/writing, people working from home, and people working alone on contracts, probably consists of like half of the population. So, tons of people actually. The 9-5 in an office full of interractions with other people is far from the only option. And even then, most likely the kid unloading the truck at your local grocery store is probably high.
The dreams I get when I take a break from weed are so intense they kind of follow me around in the waking world... Like they're so real I can barely come to terms with the fact that they didn't actually happen.
Agreed. I like the guy as much as anyone else here but this is honestly a bit cringy. Just putting someone's name on a piece of paper. This has nothing to do there at all. It"s like graffiti, if I didn't know him and saw that, I would think less of him.
Yeah, I think he's reaching for an ''edgy'' metaphor for him being great in bed, and he accidentally reached way too far.

This falls more under *ExtremelySociallyUnawareFacebook*. As in, he's not literally advocating for domestic violence. (hopefully)
OK can somebody ELI5? I've had android forever and everyone around me too. I thought green messages were just indicating someone was texting from another device than an Iphone..?

How does that ruin anything?
Completely disagree.

Which makes me believe we're gonna have quite a hard time figuring out how to use this type of technology when it becomes a real thing...
Well sure, if you're doing something insanely ridiculous, fine. Ive seen the videos too. I'm talking about laughing at a chubby guy on the elliptical.
There's a few comments like this and it blows my mind.

No one does that. Ever. I really feel you're making this up. Does your gym allow minors?
I know what you really mean, but that also kinda sounds like a way to destroy an entire society.

Caring about what others think about you is a fundamental aspect of being human. People who don't care are often people with various issues.

IMO it's motivating. Everyone should be in decent shape. The uncomfortableness of being judged is pushing you towards that.
It's a weird environment where we're all in it together, but also all watch eachother. Let's not pretend otherwise.

I look ay the cute girls. I notice the old guy that uses *nothing* properly and is probably slowly breaking all his bones. I see the morbidly obese person who should just eat 500 fewer calories a day for a year befote coming here to get a heart atttack. I'm bothered by all the people using the cardio section to barely move their legs while they're on their phones.

That's just reality. I'm not bothering anyone though, but predenting that deep down we're all 100% kind people, is a bit dishonest.

Have it be your goal to be fit so no one judges you badly. That's actually motivating IMO.
It might seem rude, but when people just stand there to get on the metro I walk out straight and bump into them. 

There's no excuse. You know how it works.
Or you use a machine improperly. For 20 minutes.

Yes I'm looking at you, elderly asian man destroying his back on the rower, and teenage girl casually walking on the treadmill.

As long as you're honestly working out, no one will be bothered. But some people are there for some other weird reasons it seems.
First time actually watching a clip from this show after seeing memes about it for years.

My god, it's awful.
Idk what we've been telling you, but it's all wrong.

-Canadian pharmacy tech
*Vice* is supposed to report on ''actual news''?

Who goes on Vice to see what's going on today?

This isn't even putting them down, I like some of their articles, but I'm not gonna go on there to check the status of the stock market, politics, or if there's been a shooting somewhere today. They just write opinionated articles about fringe stuff.
I've never seen a gif deliver on a title in such a surprising way before. 

Thought it was an exaggeration/play on words and he'd just hit a tree in his yard. I was wrong.
That's super interesting. I work in a pharmacy in Canada and we have a 52,65$* monthly ''ceiling'' after which everything* is covered, so the max you can pay monthly* is this ammount. The price of each medication is different*. You guys charge *per refills*? Or per visit to the pharmacy? I'm confused/curious.

*: a bunch of conditions apply.
It is, but you usually take it per os, not SC.
J'ai dit 50%, mais ouais en effet y'a encore pire. 

I mean, you can also just buy [this](https://www.saq.com/page/fr/saqcom/alcool/global-94-/12209012?selectedIndex=3&searchContextId=-10026181738763)
L'alcool c'est pas illegal, et le guarana non-plus.

C'est pas cool de faire des grosses pubs ciblé aux jeunes et pas vraiment mentionner que tu peut pas en boire 3-4 comme des bières normales, mais la boisson en tant que tel est pas du *poison*. Y'a du whiskey 50% ''en vente libre'' aussi, mais la pluspart des gens savent que t'en boit pas une bouteille complète d'un coup... 

Sa prend juste une histoire qui parait mal, comme celle-ci, pour qu'on realise que si on es pas capable d'éduquer les consommateurs comme il faut, on devrait pas leur vendre le produit.

Personellement je pense pas que sa va regler grand chose, un kid qui veut se saouler peut le faire facilement, mais d'un autre coté je trouve vraiment sa ridicule comme produit alors je verse pas de larmes pour eux. ''Fucked up'', alcool+stimulant+beaucoup trop de sucre pour des papilles gustative normales... Yeurk. Bon débarras.
Yeah, TBH as long as you're a consenting adult, and this isn't funded by taxpayer money, or advertised as a solution by any sort of professionals... As fucked up and inefficient as it is, let it be.
Does it though? I haven't seen any one ever ''simplify'' it like that, so it still has to be a cultural thing that happens somewhere specifically.
RIGHT?? Why is all porn suddenly incest porn? I just gave up now and just skip to about the middle of the video and actively try not to listen.

But even then, I'm probably screwing up the statistics by encouraging them to make even more.

I don't watch because of the step-sister thing, I watch because it's the only decently shot thing around...
Well, it *will* be trending if they put it there, so they're not ''wrong''...
That shouldn't have to be the solution. Also, it's not even really one, I wouldn't want to lose my watch history.

Personally, I just don't go anywhere else than my subscription box. The recommendations are shite.
Looks like a modified version of the photo we got like 3 years ago to me..
What bothers me is that it's actually pretty hard to discern what's a completely dismissable conspiracy theory and what isn't.

I mean, I'm *preeeeeeeetty* god damn sure the flat earth thing and lizard people is BS, but when you get into some specific stories about specific politicians, or companies having ties with this deal or that event or this trial... 

It's not good to be conspiracy-minded, but some things end up being true. Putting a blanket ban on everything on the edge makes me really nervous about where we're going.
''Something happens at around 40 below zero they become the same. I don't know if it maintains for very long, or like degrees get colder or... I don't know.''

So the farenheit scales has bumps in it and sticks around at -40 for... Several degree, but how could it if it doesn't change, and...

Jesus Christ, this California weed. 
About the ''why do companies employ so many people?'' thing

Definitely with Grey on this one. Especially youtubers.

I remember very vividly when this thought first crossed my mind; when the guys of Game Grumps mentionned that they have an editor. To sync up the audio with the video and put it on an automated upload schedule...? Now I think they're a team of like 10 people, doing essentially the same thing.

But then again, people in LA seem to consider normal having a maid clean their house or a personal trainer motivating them to do cardio, so... Who knows what makes sense or not.
I haven't actually seen any of those, but I do have some concerns about this. It's not like they *wouldn't* get vaccines without the VR. I think there's probably some pros to learning to face your fears (and trust medical professionals) at a young age. I'm not a psychologist, but this definitely has a *different* impact on them, can't tell if it's better or worse though.
Yes but this is Reddit. There's always someone at the top just kicking one or two people buried in downvotes.

We like to pat each other on the back here.
I'm no conspiracy theorist, but people honestly saying this is caused by seagulls might turn me into one. 
See? Those mountains are still above water. The sea levels aren't changing, we're fine.
Is this serious?

Sorry I'm here from /r/all, know nothing about keyboards. This looks like any other old keyboard from the 90's that I would assume is worth 5$ and there would be 20 spare ones in the basement. 

I don't destroy things at work for fun, but I might dent or scratch some stuff with my nails if I don't pay attentionm, and my coworkers do too. Office supply doesn't last forever. 

The fact that people here are encouraging him to report this behavior as harassment and threats to the higher ups, instead of just telling those people directly to stop and move on, is kinda blowing my mind. Seriously, think about potentially losing your career because you scratched an old keyboard. What the hell...
Pretty good odds... I've seen so many people this winter with the exact same grey/white snowflake pattern tuque from the dollar store, I could have snapped a picture with 5 of them easily.

Probably similar circumstances here.
Well he deserves credit, but not acting credit.

I too think it'd be weird to classify him as highest grossing actor if his *acting* paycheck isn't what we're looking at. Otherwise, any random person in the background in a huge movie is also a top star.
Okay well if that's how it's defined, what would be the difference between highest grossing actors and highest grossing directors?

If it doesn't actually refer to the actor's salary, then nothing makes sense anymore. Is passenger #458 in Titanic also one of the highest grossing actor?
And then there's this Gucci Gang guy...
Ok right, you guys have like 4 school or whatever. Still really young though, kinda freaks me out.
Because a 5-11 year old is reading them?
When I said ''preparing compounds'' it should have clued you in that I'm talking about the techs and not the pharmacist. But yeah it applies to nurses too and various other jobs.
Don't forget the bagels. And that one singer, too.
There's a lot of programs to help homeless people. They might not chose to BE homeless, but some definitely become acclimatized to their new way of life and stop seeking help that they could get. 

If they have a steady supply of food and change from people on the street, it **is** undeniably less incentive to reintegrate.

Give a man a fish, something something...

The way I see it is that buying a fast food meal to a guy on the street is super inefficient. This 12$ could go a much much much longer way if it was used properly.
I think a lot of stuff gets traction because of some appeal (in this case, celebrity), and then once it's pretty high up and close to the front page, people just upvote whatever regardless on what sub it's on.

That's why subs like /r/creepy will get something on the frontpage once in a while even though there's nothing creepy about it and it's just a neat picture of an abandoned house or something.
OP is in middle school.

Every reply in this thread kinda makes me uncomfortable, knowing that, but this one especially.
Wtf were they doing with them!?
Lmao way to randomly bring up this old debate.
Well okay, sure. They can also come from the US with 929874239865 times that debt. We're having a conversation about Quebec though. Guy in the article is from Quebec too, so this 100k+ thing you bring up doesn't relate to anything, plus even with 100k in debt they'd pay it back in a handful of months with that kind of salary, it's completely insignificant, like when a big company CEO cuts his bonus by a couple millions to look good when he has *billions* in the bank.
Yeah I mean... You don't need *any* degree to get 100k in debt if that's how you play your cards.
>17 hours a day

>No breaks

>Less than 1$/h

>Cannot drink caffeine

I think our advice to you is to kill your master and denounce this slave ring you're a part of.

For real what is this? What country is this legal in? How are you not desperate to find help? I'm missing something.
[Technical death metal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqWkszRLlgU)

Were they still burning people at the stake in the 80's? I might not want to risk this.
What? No. You know the government's money comes from our taxes, right? This money could be used much better. I don't know how much we can trust this number, and it's probably not a static ammount/day, but let'S say it is. 5k X 250 work days is 1,2 million a year.

I work in a pharmacy and I'd be lucky reaching 30k. Healthcare salaries are very lopsided. Sure I don't get my hands dirty and *directly* save lives, but I wouldn't say I'm worth *50 times less.*
It's more about the fact that, for instance, people working downstairs in the pharmacy, preparing compounds and coordinating basically everything are barely paid more than a barista.
I thought this was a discussion about Quebec. No one has ''well over 100k'' in student debt here.
What? How?
Montrealer too.

The metro is alright (Outside of rush hours, and when it doesn't randomly stop for half an hour), but just pretend busses don't exist, and you'll be better off.

For real, they don't. Well sometimes they do, but you'll never know when they manifest out of thin air, it has no rhyme or reason, so just move close to a metro station. Sad but true.
Can we just get better battery? I don't care about literally anything else. Make it an inch thick if need be.
I see this all the time on Reddit. 

I guess it's super gratifying to find one shitty person buried in downvotes, and make a hyper-positive circlejerk out of it.

It literally does nothing, the shitty people won't listen (or probably even see this post. **EDIT:** OP said he saw them on Twitter. So I'm sure they'll find their way to an obscure sub-section of a different website...) and it brings nothing to the conversation apart from making us separate ourselves into groups even more.
No it's not. This whole thread is kinda blowing my mind.
His or her.
It is. The World Health Organization even classifies processed meat as a carcinogen.

There's different degrees, it's not like cigarettes, but it's a real measurable increase.
10: Archeologist. I just liked digging in the dirt and dinosaurs I think, never realised it implied a *lot* of knowledge, grunt work, and wasn't very realistic/sustainable at all anyway.

18: Musician. I still play guitar, but so does everyone. There's thousands of channels on youtube of people 10x better than me with expensive cameras and amps and pedals who get maybe 40 views on their videos...

23 (now): Pharmacy tech. It's nothing glorious, but the class was easy as hell and only a year long, it's a stable job always in demand with an okay salary, and I get to jokingly tell people I'm a drug dealer.
>30 Years from now you’ll say “let’s watch that old ‘10s move” and everyone will know exactly what kind of movie you’re suggesting.

Superhero movies and culturally-empty remakes?
I mean, I know 30 year old people who haven't really ever watched TV apart from cartoons as kids. They were like 16 when youtube came out. 12 in 2000 when there were enough flash games and animations online to keep you occupied for a lifetime.

It's not ''I think there will be'', this generation has been here for a while.
My brain is slowly adjusting to the knowledge I'm taking in about cars and their statistics... I can no longer just chill in a car on the highway, knowing it's basically the most dangerous thing I could be doing. There are so many accidents all the time and this person driving is TALKING TO ME. JUST LOOK AT THE ROAD.
That is much much smaller than I thought actually.

And also goes to show that in absolutely no way will the new jobs keep up with the old jobs being replaced by technology... That's kinda scary.
This had already been happening for years... I'm 23, I genuinely haven't watched TV since I was like 10. Youtube came out in 2005. Made my account in '06, and there was other stuff before that.

I guess I don't hang out with anyone over 40, but to me it's not ''most'' people that get their entertainment from the internet, it's basically everyone.

For real, no one I know has cable.
I said this back then and it made everyone angry, let's see if it goes down better 2 years later...

Either move to a city, or don't expect a community based game to work as well where there's no community?
Uhaul uhaul, uhaul uhaul!

*Proudly sponsored by Uhaul*
Can we get that other comment that says *''That guy was a piece of shit, but words don't deserve violence. This isn't justice served.''* above this one? I'd feel a little less depressed about the state of our world, kthx.
It's nonsense to enjoy food? We have to be empathic and decent towards a fish?

I don't know man, at some point you gotta stop wasting energy fighting against things that are just part of this world. Don't go out stabbing squirrels for fun, but if you start analyzing the living condition of a *fish* in the last minutes of its life... You also need to stop scratching your arm because that kills billions of bacteria every time.

This cat's food is made of meat, the cat needs to eat. The suffering isn't ''for no reason'', and its prey (birds and stuff) would suffer much more if it was a wild cat.
This is totally new to me, Ive been microwaving frozen veggies forever. What's all this about?
Oh god, take the lighter off!

It was lit after like 2 seconds, nobody needs all that butane in their hits!
Subtitles are super distracting, english isn't my first language and I never have trouble. What weird mumbling movies are you guys watching? This thread is blowing my mind. Do you all live next to construction sites? What am I missing? Everyone agrees but no one explains the logic behind *not understanding people talk*...?
Jpeg'd the fuck out, too.

But hey, we wouldn't have known it was cute without this person replying ''Aww''.

This is a disgrace I tell ya.
I mean, you gotta use your judgment a little. You really think there are fruity pebbles on weed? Does this look remotely like a real picture? What about all those little ridges and textures super typical of electron microscope pictures? (or just the fact it's zoomed so close at all), the equally typical pure black background?

I kinda don't believe you can't tell.
Something something, ''shithole country''.
It's not the same drug. Person who replied to you is confusing things I think.
Are we still talking about Gravol? Gravol is dimenhidrinate. Not diphenhydramine. It's one active ingredient so no caffeine.
You probably don't gulp down 15 of them at once, though.
Well, that's true of every drug basically. Don't buy Tylenol either, buy generic acetaminophen. They're required to have the same effect, only the appearance/fillers can be different, and that changes so little no one will ever truly see a difference.
The amount of people here who took ridiculous quantities of Benadryl to trip out is kinda scary honestly... Almost makes me believe all those anti-legalization people who say everyone will abuse weed and LSD and whatnot if it's available legally. 

Like WTF it's allergy medication guys. How desperate do you have to be?
...No? Why are you upvoted?

Gravol is dimenhydrinate. 
>I've never tried prescription, so I don't know how I'd react to those.

There's no drug that is strictly a ''sleep aid''. If you have real severe insomnia you'll get prescribed something like a benzodiazepine or an ''hypnotic'' drug like Zopiclone maybe. Those all have a pretty big impact and side effects.
Well, just as the entire Benadryl conversation here... It works most of the time for most people.
Your pharmacy most likely has a store brand (generic) version of Guaifenesin / dextromethorphan which is cheaper still.
Like, how much faster? I store all my root vegetables in the same place and none of them ever go bad. Do you keep em for months on end?
I know you're joking, but just so that anyone reading gets a couple facts straight; you won't get those and you don't want those. 

We don't just throw them in the bin next to the back door. They're sent in sealed containers to be destroyed properly. And narcotics (basically those you might want to get high off, as opposed to cholesterol pills) are denatured before they even leave the pharmacy (we usually mix them up in soapy water so they're unretrievable)
I mean, that's not exactly how it works.

We don't often throw away anything expensive, it's mostly expired cholesterol or blood pressure pills that are worth almost nothing. 

The pills are worth pennies (or literally nothing since pennies don't exist anymore here) and people get them for almost free anyway (Canadian)

It's not like there's a drug shortage, and it's not like there's any legal way you could give expired/improperly stored/handled pills to people, but I get your point though.
Most Sennoside brands are dark brown or grey. Areds Preservision (Multivitamin) look basically exactly like Kalamata olives (dark brown)
Well, yeah. Exactly. You don't take it.

Just confused why people complain about something that's optional. Unless you buy like a 300$ razor there and are worried it won't work, you leave the receipt.
I work in a pharmacy and we have *buckets* of mixed pills about to be sent to be destroyed. I'm pretty sure we could, under very strict supervision, let an artist have them to make this.

Problem is though, he'd probably still have to re-color them. Very few pills are brown or black for instance, I can only think of like two off the top of my head and they're not that commonly prescribed.
I grew up on an island (~15k habitants). There were *no* people of other ethnicities. As in none, at all. I saw non-white people in person for the first time when I moved out at 17. 

I got over it pretty quickly and now wonder why anyone cares...
Is it not a thing in the US to say ''keep the receipt'' and walk away...? 

Why do you guys all take those in the first place?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfEE3Xbq1oA&t=20s

Nightmare fuel right there
''after researching''? Nearly everyone I know who had a gamecube had that thing! Metroid Fusion on a TV was awesome! You missed out
That's just wrong. People can't change and let's mock em. That's... No, you haven't lived at all if you believe this.

It's not about looking at scientific papers from both sides, those people just picked a ''team'' and cheer for it. You most definitely can change *that*.
Ok, I'm sorry but this is an awful and infuriating argument. 

Not because it's false, it's definitely true, but put yourself in the shoes of someone who opposes climate change theory for a minute...

Alright how did that meme feel to you? Probably just angering.

All it says is *''Everyone says you're wrong''*. That's completely empty, and a very very easy reply to that is: *''well the scientific community agreed upon a ton of stuff that turned out to be BS''*, which would be absolutely right...

I don't think we convince anyone by mocking them, even less by mocking them with empty appeal to the majority type arguments.

I'm not going to change this sub's circlejerk, it's a humor subreddit, but I'd just encourage you guys to think about how to approach the opposition sometimes, because stuff like this is just motivation to anyone on the other side.
>I would not have left the ER for 21days.

That's what got to me to. 

"Oh alright we're gonna send this *worm from your eye* to some lab to be analysed we'll get back to you in a couple days. Just keep removing the worms when you can"

How about no, I stay right here and you take them all out today. It's that or you call a cab to take me to the psych ward because I will never know sleep again.
Yeah there *is* a shady side to it, too. You shouldn'T jump on either side of the bandwagon.
Option 1: Get the kid on some medication.

Option 2: Not travel with the kid.

The *actual* first option is to raise your kid properly but I think it's too late for that one.
I would 110% have been the guy who asks for the plane to land somewhere by thretening to open a window if we don't or something. This is insane and no one deserves this. It's mindblowing that they went on with the flight.

In fact since it seems it was hell already before take off I would have just gotten out.
Well, yes? 

It's the prevailing theory, but it's not ''undisputable'', so it's ''almost indisputable''.

IMO you're actually contributing to ignorants fighting over the science when you say stuff like this... It makes them angrier to just go on about how it's a solid impenetrable fact. Present things for what they are.  Climate change is happening because of humans pretty much for sure, but it won't be a fact unless we simulate another planet earth and run the simulation for thousands of years, basically.
This is basically fruits and grains, you're right but this sub will downvote any feedback that isn't positive. Nothing to do with blood sugar levels, it's still unhealthy in the long run.

"Fruits and vegetables" should be renamed "Vegetables, but mostly the green ones. Also eat an orange like once a year so you don't get scurvy and you're good."
Also fruit juice is basically sugar water and probably not the best way to start your day in the first place
Yeah, there's something to be said about the economy and the price of rent, and then there's something to be said about giving up completely...
Well sort of, a plan B is always good but it's *needed* if you're studying music or literrature without a position in sight already IMO. 
Does something weird happen in this podcast? I'm like an half hour in and I have no clue why what you just said has anything to do with Marineland (or, Sea World?)
You can use google too. Just look up ''employment rate'' + whichever specific program you want. Not sure why you need that though, I don't think you actually believe it's as easy to find a job with a painting degree or a women's studies degree as it is with an electrical engineering degree. 

Follow your passion, but have a solid plan B if your passion is anything that isn't related to technology or service/public jobs. It's kinda just common sense.
I mean, there are jobs but way less. It's one thing to mock someone for their branch of study (you shouldn't) and another thing to tell them they're unlikely to get a stable job. 

Not *everyone* with an art degree ends up as a barista. But statistically *way more* than people with engineering degrees. 

Sorry but I know many people in debt over ''useless'' degrees, and I wish people looked at statistics instead of just hoping. Maybe then they'd still go study music, but have a solid plan B. The stereotypes are kinda useful in that way, as long as you aren't being a dick through using them.
I mean there are other people objecting to modern feminism than specifically supporters of the current US president... That's one hell of a generalization. I think they mostly stay in The_Donald, I filtered the sub and its cousins and don't really see this ''brigading'' thing much. 
The 1 in 3 thing is definitely bullshit. It's definitely bad for you but nothing works like that, randomly killing you.
Pretty much... 

Also props for making me discover the word ''obsequious''.
>so bully for then in getting that right

..what?
Yeah same (altough I dip back in sometimes). It was fine as a teenager but real life requires you to do unexpected stuff sometimes, and you feel like an asshole quitting a game.
Pretty much.
No you can buy them with in-game currency. You buy them with money if you're lazy/a completionist who wants them all NOW.
That doesn't sound like a plus to me at all, the opposite actually
Oh no, you could tell if he was a smoker... You could smell it with your eyes.
I guess so, it still seems ridiculously unproductive though. Spend 5 hours gambling and maybe win money (but statistically, most likely lose money) *or* spend 2 hours working on something that will reliably profit you, and then 3 hours doing something you actually enjoy.

I guess some people enjoy gambling so much it goes beyond the cost/benefit analysis, and there's no point in me trying to understand that. S'just weird.
I do too but you could make it for like 50$...
Yeah, you kind of lose all potential impact and badassery when you end your statement with some weak empty shit like *''This is seriously the most moronic post on this page''*. That's what a kid with nothing to back his opinion says, borderline cringy.
So League of Legends except you can lose cash. Got it.
>the game that takes your money the slowest will provide the most bang for your buck.

Gambling must be such a depressing hobby if that's the upside.
I listened to Infinite Funk and 7th Dimension on loop for hours on a long solo bike trip through eastern Canada. Really does bring back the memories vividly.
Sounds like someone's still a brainwashed neo-marxist!
Ok so have we really reached a point where this is material for this sub?

For real? Bringing a delusional person back to their senses about some basic health science is some hellish stuff?
My local coffee shop just fills my thermos and charges me for a large. Been doing it for ages. I'm pretty sure most places would have no problem with doing that. Honestly, cardboard is waste too... It's kind of crazy not to reuse a cup.
I'm 23 and honestly I think I told a handful of people I was 24 this year. When you're the type of person that doesn't really celebrate his birthday (or care about age much) it's actually hard to remember. Can't imagine when I'm this old.

When I get to 40 I'lll just start rounding to the nearest 0 or 5.
Ok now when the flame hits the side ones, throw them straight into two of your buddy's mouths simultaneously.

Doesn't matter if yours goes out in the process or something, we'll still think that was dope.
Yeah I was thinking the same. ''Ate KFC that one time'' *gains like 7 pounds*...
Econofitness (Canada) was 10$CDN and was bumped to like 12 recently. All the typical equipment is there. You have to pay 20/month for access to showers and massage chairs though. 
Why isn't there a ''Stay in or get out of the car'' poll yet? This is all everyone is talking about.
Sounds great, quite a shame you need 4 different types of cheese though. This grocery bill isn't going to be pretty. But it does look worth it.

Definitely. So many words and actions associated with visual feedback, it's actually a great way to learn.
I'm 100% sure someone must have told you already, but for some reason I can't find the comment. So: You know you can turn those notifications off right...?

EDIT: Is that an Iphone? If so maybe nevermind, no idea if you can. With Apple you usually *can't* do stuff.
That only made it more confusing. That's still bread. What?
Get a place with no carpet (it's disgusting anyway) and broom? I've never actually used a vacuum in my life. It's not like that's uncommon.

I wish ''silent appartments'' were a thing too, that'd be awesome and I would pay extra for it for sure. There's a market for it IMO.
This has been posted dozens of times on this sub about chromebooks. I have one and it *never* happens because you have to hold the power button down for like 5 seconds and the whole screen sort of zooms out while you do. Doesn't something like this happen with the surface? I'm 99% sure it would.
This reads like satire to me. At least the last part is an obvious exaggeration, and with that considered this isn't that crazy. We did shape most animals into something new.
I'm a new-ish tech in canada and... How could it work without baskets? I can't even imagine.
Ok that dead lady story is a bit gratuitous. Tons of people die in stupid ways with any object you can point to in your house. Nothing to do with anything at all.

It's not BS science, it's just nothing magical. If you take it for what it is, it does work. Cold exposure has effects on the body, and that's just a quick and convenient way to do that, who cares if that's what they wanna spend their pile of money on.
This was a very special experience for many people, myself included. I know this is just normal beard bros commentary, but the dissonance is just stunning. It didn't fit at all.

Oh well, it happens.
It's Reddit. The visible aspect of culture = all of history. Clothes, marriage rights and pronouns. 
How could it possibly cost 5k??? When I order a 10 ml vial of insulin it costs us, the pharmacy, like 40$. 

This is some insane stuff
I'm a canadian pharmacy tech and we deliver the already-free medication to people at no charge. 

Kinda weirds me out you describe this as a rich person's thing. Most of my customers are poor old ladies.
I still occasionally meet people who don't know dogs came from wolves... Really goes to show how we don't think things through sometimes, since the idea of a "wild untamed poodle" puts the issue into perespective *reeeeeaaaal* fast.
It's a joke about how the website looks older than a dinosaur turd... Woosh.
Because it's so ridiculously cheap to make that no one would care. If you mass produce cannabis, it won't be 10$ a gram, it would be some ridiculously low price, which you could *then* tax to make it go back up to what people are used to paying anyway (or lower still). So basically you pay the same thing you used to (or lower) but it has a crazy % of tax which we could use for a bunch of stuff.
No kid had a cellphone back then in my experience.
> since for the most part the negative effects of smoking tend to come around the same time in life when we would be losing our parents anyway if we havent already (older age)

So you basically just said smoking doesn't affect life expectancy...? It does. It absolutely does, you most likely will die way earlier if you smoke. Wtf.
I saw one while out for a walk at night once, it actually fell behind me and the light was so bright I was convinced it was a car's headlights and that I was about to die. Until I turned around and saw the tail, then I thought *everyone* was about to die. It just faded away in the ocean.
Why is this upvoted, that's an assumption based on literally nothing but two events on opposite sides of the world 3 days apart. 2 isn't exactly a good sample size, and all this stuff about trump and the navy is out of absolutely nowhere.

Can we not start conspiracies here?
Do you ever need the actual card for anything? I'm Canadian so it might be different but I lost mine and people told me the government doesn't even issue them anymore, just send you a piece of paper reminding you of the number... So I just remember the number.

In what situation do you need the actual card?
This happens?

I feel like I'd be absolutely fine with just walking out, even if someone made room for me and set the table. That's just dumb.
Okay so it doesn'T *need* it, but does it cause any issues? I live in a small appartment but if I had the funds I'd definitely get a smart home setup. What's wrong with it?
Canada

I mean they're definitely accessible, they're sold in every corner store all over the place. I just can't imagine them being sold in a place that also sells asthma medicine.
I mean, Homeopathic medicine is entirely based on a concept that is placebo. He never said that all other medicine works 100% to cure every disease, just the basis of homeopathy is BS by definition. ''you’re too busy swallowing up the med establishment narrative to seem to care'' sounds like a 14 year old trying to whip out an agenda out of nowhere. Most medicine works well...

Homeopathy is just more angering than a cough syrup that doesn't work very well, because it's *literally just sugar pills* and they're sold at a ridiculous price with outrageous claims.
...You could buy cigarettes in a pharmacy in the US recently? Like how recently?
Untill it randomly decides to eat it.

Don't watch too many Disney movies, that's a small tiger that just isn't hungry enough *right now.*
TBH, I get the anger because that's false advertising and all... But who would/why would you pay for 400 mb/s down in the first place, and then expect to actually get that on top of it?

I pay for 15 mb/s and get, well, between 14 and16 mb/s. It's enough for 4k video playback, so why would I need more ever? What are you guys downloading? If I download a 10 GB game it would take 10 minutes...
Ex canadian shithole dweller here; Just moved to Montreal. I pay for 15 mb/s and actually get 16. Stable, never gets slower. Move to a city ASAP, looking back my situation was almost unliveable. Having 360p videos stop to buffer...
And the robbers are so casual after getting shot too. I freak out when I hit my toe against furniture, I feel like I'd instantly pass out if I got shot in the arm. Just blows my mind they can even stand or talk.
When someone makes a literally 3 letter joke and gets this as a response...
That's because when you hear ''left'' nowadays people think accepting gay people and smoking weed. When you talk about true left *economics*, most liberals will freak out too.
Yeah that's the only thing I could think of reading the title. ''You can't do that normally?''
Could be a contender for weirdest cardio exercise if you keep it up for a while.
And weed doesn't leave me with a cough once I'm done smoking... I think he's pretty much right.
I thought extroverts were banned from Reddit long ago...?
Alright, they're dumb. I guess you figured it out, couldn't possibly be that you haven't read the contracts and ran the numbers. They're just dumb and willingly losing money. 
He didn't stop making content, just slowed down. And that barrier is called a "contract". Youtube gives him a butt load of money to make Mind Field, and in exchange they control some aspects liek release dates. 

I don't like either that youtube Red isn't available to me, but nothing is surprising here.
Comments like this are probably what created /r/childfree/. TBH they almost have a point. We get it, everything is horribly different with kids. 
Probably lots of people. I live 3 minutes from work and my day ends at 4. It's not really special.
Okay but that's your own psychological twerks and literally every quantifiable thing says cards are better.

If you're like over 40 fine, but otherwise I think you should try to move on.
Tons of languages do, like french also. A spoon and a fork are both feminine though.
That'S actually not what it started off as at all, but then again ''Troll'' used to mean someone making funny provocative comments online in some sort of clever way to get a rise out of people, and now it just means ''any asshole on the internet''.
People say that every year...
I've long ago crossed the loose leaf border, and I try to drink amazing stuff, but there's *always* some Twinnings in my cupboard... They nailed the earl grey long ago. Lady grey ain't bad too.
At 6 I thought I was a wolf-man and just couldn't figure out how to transform.

I mean it's just an anecdote, but I swear I was.
It's THE FIRST SENTENCE OF THE ARTICLE. 

>One province in Canada has decided to sell its marijuana in liquor stores.

That's just willingly misleading, putting a title like that.
Is it just that you never really thought it through, or you thought they did it another way? If it's the latter I wanna know how you pictured it because I have no clue how that could be done.
Not too fond of stereotypes, but I've never seen a man type like this. This is a women. Or more appropriately, a girl.
> The woman in charge of the project is convinced the streets are filled with fentanyl-laced weed, she's an idiot.

Fentanyl in... How, wuh, why? How would you even? Are you making this up?
...Me too?
I mean, no. That's not how statistics works.

Quick google search and it seems like the average age of a smoker is 37, and older folks who do smoke actually spend much more money on it, so more regular users.
>like 70% of daily smokers are millennials

Where are you pulling that from? Doesn'T our generation actually smoke less than the ones before?
for the first 10 seconds or so I was convinced this was CGI. I know it isn't, but there's something ''off'' about it.
Basically everything. I don't get it either. Did something happen today? Why the date?
I don't get it either... Probably a false sense of security for people who drop their phones all the time?
Just FYI your diet is much more important (as far as losing weight). IMO it's easier to eat less than to drag yourself to the gym, too. Good luck!
Ironically, the way you totally lost your cool and used ''le'' (2008 called, yadda yadda) makes you look like the twelve year old. I haven't even seen these comments, but wtf warrants something like this? 

I actually agree with your decision, /r/hailcorporate is pretty cringy usually, but so is this post... Like, a lot. Why even mention ''fedoras'' and put down some people who are either not going to read this, or have it go way over their head? Just ban some key words and move on. 
Doesn't that apply to every ad? People who want the product happily buy it, company gets money, ''net positive''?

Not trying to be a party pooper, good for that guy and his bro, but you gotta read into things at least *a little* sometimes. Or not, whatever.
This makes no sense, you guys are blowing my mind. That's like saying you can climb stairs hopping on one leg but can't stand still on one leg at all.

What happens when you hold on but don't actually pull yourself up? I'm no fitness experts but it's pretty much like getting in position to do the exercise and then not doing it. I could hang for quite a while before anything hurts and I'm in regular shape, you're just there not moving. Unless you have shoulders issues or whatever.
Not just ''the only first world country'', but ''one of the only *3* countries.'' The other two being Myanmar and Liberia...

It makes zero sense.
...In what world?

Tell them you're closing? If they refuse to leave, call the cops?

What am I missing here? Closing time is closing time, even a pharmacy will close its door to people needing medications when it's time to close. I just can't picture myself standing there looking at one dude browsing with my arms crossed for almost *an hour*. Where is this a thing?
You got a lot of great responses but I'm just wondering if you were serious.

I feel like I'd have to live under several miles of rock to not know what it is, and unless you're about to tell me you're 76 and this is your first day on Reddit, I'm wondering how you managed.
He was so deeply ignorant about it that he talked as if the term "net neutrality" was the bad thing. As in, "if this net neutrality thing passes it means companies could do XYZ".

It really blew my mind, didn't expect him to play the devil's advocate at all on such an issue, let alone almost agree with said devil. I get that you're busy but I'm not even from the US and I couldn't use the internet without reading about it for like 3 days this past week. 

At least he said he's open to learning more about it. But yeah there was a big oopsie segment on the podcast with Redban, most surprising is that neither Jamie nor Redban jumped in at all. I hope they were just being polite and aren't clueless too.
I mean, do you unplug everything and turn off the heat in every room every time you leave? I'd say a crock pot is as safe as anything else, it has pretty much no chance of malfunctioning to the point it would heat so much it'd catch fire.
I don't think you understand "im14andthisisdeep". Stuff on here isn't inherently wrong, it's just presented in such an empty, "duh" kind of way that it just makes you look like you think you just figured out all the secrets of the world.

TV is bad. A charicature of some business guy shitting in toilet-head people doesn't add anything to that discussion or convey anything that a grown adult wouldnt already know.
You don't understand it if you think the dumb shit is "occasional".

Being addicted to masturbation is a thing, sure, (altough 99% of people over there seem to have such a mild addiction it doesnt really disturb their lives at all) but this sub is the creepiest of support groups.

Every day there's something on their front page claiming that you'll get essentially "super powers" if you stop jacking it, they blame everything in culture that's remotely sexual for their downfall, they imply a buncb of stuff that doesn't apply to anyone ever.

Seriously, you shouldn't have respect for this place. They're not trying to help the handful of people hurt by obssesive consumption of porn, they're trying to paint masturbation as unnatural and weak and whatever else.
I've seen this in like 3 different spots in Montreal. So there's really no explanation for it? Just lazyness?
In french (and I assume many other languages) "raisin" is the word for grapes, and raisins are just "dried grapes". "Raisins secs".

It's kinda confusing to have another word for it IMO.
My father was sooooo not down with putting his credit card number on anything back in the day, that he made me send them the 7$ through the mail.

It felt like such a big deal to me too, felt like only a handful of people could afford to keep paying for a game over time. 

Now 7$/month feels like a bargain...
Artificial sweetners [have been studied a bunch](https://youtu.be/Mf82FfX-wuU) and none of them are a major concern. It's still just water with flavorings and carbonation, but don't perpetrate the "artificial stuff is bad" thing.
I don't think he meant it as "so little vitamins it's only worth a penny" but rather "it's water, sugar, and a penny's worth of stuff, that they sell to you for a gazillion times the price"
I mean, it's a low cost/low effort/potentially high reward thing to do. He didn't write anyone a prescription, just said that it's *likely* to help.
Well I literally just learned it's not. I thought sexual content was allowed but most people used it for gaming. The more you know.
That's what we do with every pharmaceutical drug though.

If legalization happens, weed is going to go from like 3 forms (flower, concentrate, hash) to *a gazillion* different extracts of isolated cannabinoids. So many pills will contain ingredients from cannabis.

This is just a normal thing to do in a lab. Purifying a product and standardizing it should reassure the public IMO.
The keto diet's only goal is to put you in a state where you run off of ketones. It's all pretty regular stuff, unless you believe it cures cancer or something there's nothing BS about it. 

Paleo selects food items based on a time frame rather than Nutrient content. It's probably better than nothing, but the idea behind it is a bit weird.
Paleo isn't about anything, it's a vague fad diet. You're thinking of Keto I think.
Keto works because it's a real tangible effect, it puts you in ketosis, where you burn fats instead of carbs (gigantic simplification but you get my point)

Paleo is barely even defined, you found studies showing it works? Works for what?
Buying chinese knockoff pokemon games off of ebay.

They were actually really cheap and did work, except for the save function and the ability to trade pokemons between games,  the two functions I really needed to complete the pokedex...
Point 2 is essentially what got me and everyone else through highschool. The divide was as clear as day, those who just *actually paid fucking attention in class* passed easily, and those fucking around waiting to get drunk/high after school didn't. Anything before college requires no effort whatsoever beyond paying attention.
Idk it looks like a gun and it's just a gif on reddit that most people will give about 7 seconds of attention to?
Yeah, this is like 2 bowl's worth of weed. Maybe a dollar. Why would I risk it when I could just grind more weed?
I have an android phone and I've been having similar suspicions about google ads forever. Good to know it might not be just confirmation bias.
I still can't find what demographic those things are aimed at. There are cheaper, better, more ecological, equally convenient alternatives, and yet everyone has a Keurig.
Man, the 4 top comments here are exactly the same and have exactly the same reply.

Yes its a thing but the screen dims and zooms out, you'll notice it. This is really a non-issue and this gets posted every other month in this sub.
My acer c720 was 199$ and it's still snappy and battery still lasts the whole day almost 4 years later.
I remember this game being hugely popular like 5 years ago. It's still a thing? Is it updated ever?
How much do you have to browse Reddit for it to become a data cap concern? I never even asked for the wifi at work because even if I spend my whole 30 mins break on Reddit it doesn't come close to my 4GB. Just don't watch the videos.
I get vision loss/blurryness when a migraine comes on and I thouht that was it. Sloppiest pixelating job I've ever seen.
Well that baby cheetah gets to eat today!
*Eeeeenjoy~*
It sounds like you're lumping people who care about his health with people who are just being assholes. I might be the weird one here, but I don't like these empty feel-good bad advice type of comments... I'm glad he's got a happy face, but no it's not all that matters.
It's just coffee brewed in cold water for like 12 hours. 
Every time I see weird dogs lile this, that's all I can think about. Maybe I'm just projecting, but I feel like this dog must feel so weirdly inadequate and uncomfortable...
I'm pretty sure that's something on your end. I see posts like this pretty often but never ever got one of those. When I get ridiculously long ads, they can be skipped after 5 seconds. Always.
Honestly, it's even better in winter. There's something magical in Old Quebec around December.
Sure, but my situation is most people's. A generalisation. As in, everyone here is saying "welcome to adulthood" type of stuff, and I'm sitting here with my common and typical 40 hour work week job wondering why adulthood should mean no free time. I get home at 5h30 and go to bed at midnight. So if he doesn't have any free time, it's kind of his choice, to some extent. It means he preffers doing other things rather than gaming. Which is fine too, but then don't buy a huge battlestation maybe.
Ok. I do have a job though. 8 hours is definitely still the norm. I live close to my job, I meal prep in the weekends, and other than putting my lunch in my bag I'm not sure what preparing for work means. Household chores take maybe 20 mins a day if you have a regular sized appartment.

I really have 6 hours. I don't "think" I do.
It's the most emotionally fullfilling thing that can happen to you in life. It's the most destructive thing in every other aspect. It definitely ends your life and starts theirs.
If you work a regular 8 hour shift you have like 6 hours of free time a day, plus entire weekends. You definitely do have time.

If you have kids, are studying something, take 4 different fitness classes or have a bunch of other hobbies, then that's all on you. If you wanna make room for gaming, you can. There's nothing to blame about "adult life" here. It's just deciding what to do with your free time.
I saw it as an innocent joke and everyone down here thinks he's being mean... Why would we default to that?
So every day is wednesday?
This is the kind of thinking behind every /r/OSHA post.
I'm honestly about to unsub from this subreddit, because although I don't see a single ''toxic R&M fan'' anywhere, everything that I see from this sub is posts complaining about them.

I'm not sure why you guys hang out with cringy 14-year-olds, but I'm not sure I'm gaining anything from seeing you complain about them.
I'm *still* not over the fact that it means something else now. 
It's not a different version, just the actual game
Well then do you also do yearly checks for biological children...? What's the difference?
If you buy regular cream in the US there's sugar in it...?

You guys are the weird ones, not ''europe and stuff''
You guys have ridiculously high standards. Or you have a 2k/month rent and/or several kids to feed? I'm around 27k (CDN) and can put like 500 aside every month.

If 75k is ''just when it gets comfortable'' you're doing something horribly wrong, IMO. That's like way above the average, too.
Most of the times I come to this sub it seems like people are just enjoying cool pictures. This is more like /r/deepseaphotography or something.

I think being afrais of fishes is a pretty niche/rare thing, so whenever this reaches /r/all people just enjoy it.
Alcohol is an exclusively millenial thing...? Wtf does that first line even mean?
This is thw one time where I'd support a trigger warning.

That shit's disgusting.
They do have to look different. Pharmacists have to be able to identify them by appearance only. 
Really? I've never come across this trope at all and OP posts it like it's common knowledge.

I was 100% sure this was a weird way to carry candy around.
I think those stats would change drastically if you changed the wording of the question and made it about work hours/responsability.

I do like my job overall. I don't like that it occupies the **majority** of my time and that I have no choice but do it whether I feel like it or not on a given day. 
I mean... There's a reason people call it *weed*. It is a weed. It will grow pretty much anywhere as long as the conditions aren't awful, but since people grow it for the flower, you need to optimize everything. Hydroponics is miles better for that, but yes it can grow in a regular pot of dirt.
It's the same every time something like this happens. Even smaller scale crimes, like a rape story, people will write inhuman things and wish for the criminal to be diamembered slowly abd whatnot.

There's a justice system, and it's doing its job, don't worry. I wish people could move on with their day. There's 7b of us on here, those things actually happen remarkably rarely. It's tragic, but spreading fear and anger is really counter-productive in every way.

I tried talking people down in some of those threads when I joined Reddit, and I got downvoted into oblivion and immediately labelled as a supporter of said crime. It's crazy.

Don't go on the internet if you're mad.
Crucial difference.

You take the joint, you hit it, you taste it, you pass it, and *then* you ask what the strain is. Politely.

Asking if there's tobacco in there beforehand is fine though, some people somehow think it's okay to sneak it in. Gross.
*casually mentions weed while not realizing they're weed candies*

Yeaaaah I think you can get rid of that "maybe". This is so obvious it hurts.
I know what's in them, and I'm a vegetarian.

Don't try to start a fight with strangers for no reason. I said they are expensive and a real veggie meal is better. 
That's honestly the only shitty thing about this.

Sure veggie dogs aren't the best, but they *don't need to be cooked so why would you boil them???*

Just heat them up or grill them a bit with some oil.

IMO there's no real reason to eat pseudo-meat stuff though. It's very expensive per calorie, unhealthy (basically a brick of flour with seasoning), and doesn't taste as good as meat. If you're not vegetarian, eat real meat. If you're vegetarian, eat an actual meal with beans or whatever. I still don't know what demographic this is aiming at.
I'd feel very creepy doing that for some reason
Nope. This guy's very late to the party.
Well then you wouldn't be delivering anything to me and probably most people.
Yes it does. Computers are ridiculously fast and electrical signals are pretty much instantaneous. 

This looks impressive because it's a manifestation in the physical world, but playing a song on your computer is even crazier if you think about it. Millions of bits of information instantly turned into soundwaves without any errors.
He clearly said it had nothing to do with her voice though..?
Do you guys hang out with 14 year olds?

I love the show but never encounter any of those "high IQ" people everyone is making fun of on Reddit recently.
This happenned to me with my local grocery store brand frozen broccoli. It was probably even 80-20. I was mad, but then again I paid like 2$ for the bag...
I mean, you can draw the line where you want it to be. They'd drink Twinnings or whatever but that's still bagged tea, which is miles below loose leaf, which is miles below fresh bulk green tea in spring, etc...

If you're gonna drink grocery store bagged black tea powder, who cares about the brand IMO.
You don't want information about drugs in your society? Again if someone wants to do something, they will. I'd rather people know exactly what a drug does and then decide if they wanna try it or not.

There are already countries where drugs are legalized (ie: portugal), so we don't have to make anything up. The usage rates remain basically the same.

There are thousands of drugs sold in a pharmacy, all with different effects and side effects, some you can get for free just by asking for it and some are ridiculously controlled and monitored. It's kinda silly that we picked a handful and said that those ones should just be flat-out banned.

I can't think of a reason to leave meth users in the dark and let them die instead of making ads, support programs, and safe clean dispensories. ''Legal'' doesn't mean sold by the KG at every corner store. Just you won't go to jail for putting something in your own body.
Ok but would you suddenly do meth if it was legal?

Usage rates doesn't really correlate with legalization. Making it legal would just help with those problems since people could seek out help without fearing jail.
I've never encountered anyone or any situation relating to all of this gender weirdness we hear about nowadays outside of the internet.

Either those are 4 *really* vocal angry people on Tumblr, or they all live in LA or some other big US city I've never visited.
So do you have any clue as to how a bong works?

The vapor will just go over the water. You don't realize it's not bubbling?

This is very confusing.
Yeah, quitting smoking is a very long process, Steve is right. I've seen many people get overly happy about not smoking for a week and feeling good about it, everyone encouraging them, and then they relapse.
It was a pretty classy way to do a slight topical joke. IMO they knew what they were doing.
Idk if we needed 7 photos from pretty much the exact same angle.
Or any city in america/europe?
TIL they had a fair. We just got a pamphlet catalog thing at school and ordered books through the mail.
Unpopular opinion, but I think the reason this is messed up is that he was deranged enough to do something like this, not the thing he did itself. If you eat meat you're indirectly doing something worse than that. *But* you're not doing the slaughter yourself so you're not psychopathic, just lazy.

They're locking him up because if he gets enjoyment from directly hurting animal life, he could also hurt people. He's not going away *just for* the death of animals. That would be dumb and hypocritical. So slow down with the hyperboles about how anyone killing cats should stay in for life and get raped and whatnot. 

I eat meat too btw. But a cat is no different from a chicken IMO.
Also there are 192 other countries
>I always play as a darker skinned character since it's not as bright to look at all the time

...Really? I have so many questions. Do you have some weird medical condition? What about everything else on-screen, there's bright stuff all over. And which game do you even play where you can see your character's skin on-screen, let alone so much so that it blinds you?
ITT: People disrespecting OP for having giant hands.
Not to side with this guy, but isn't this kind of a stretch? 

Making a blowjob joke is comparable to disrespecting women in the way they do in some muslim countries?
Oh, I did, it just didn't cross my mind at all for some reason. 

Probably because I avoid these places like the plague. But good on you if you made money through those means.
How do you ''know how to make money out of it'' with a fixed salary of minimum wage...?
Holy mother of overexposure
Millenias of not understanding the brain *at all* is why there is a stigma.

This is just a meme. 
Some people legit enjoy weed, occasional fast food, watching TV, etc. 

Medication being abused is as common as fast food being abused. I don't think it's different from the other things on there.
I was waiting the whole time for him to actually start talking about people sneakily stealing things at self-checkout and got pretty confused. Thanks.
It blew my mind that they didn't mention this as an option.

I actually lost my credit card twice. The first time no one brought it back, it took about 8 days for my bank to produce a new one and get it to me through the mail. 

The second time someone brought it to the bank, they called me instantly, and 25 minutes later I had my card back.

It's such a no brainer, and cutting it up seems like the last thing I would do.
When walking is considered exercise...
I've been living in appartments for years and never had anything remotely weird happen. When I lived with my parents we had strangers drunkenly walk in our house for no reason like 4 times.

I guess it's more about the neighbourhood than anything else. Both of them are just 4 walls with a door you can lock.
100 mg would put any normal person on the moon, those guys are just crazy.
Stop making this even more confusing!
A brocoli has no nervous system so no...?
You can live your whole life getting your meat from the grocery store, but it's hardwired in our DNA to enjoy chasing and killing animals. So of course it doesn't make you a bad person to enjoy it.
Well, the chicken is dumber but suffers much, much, *much* more. So it's not that crazy to compare. 

Also you're kind of confusing consciousness and intelligence. The chicken could be as conscious as the elephant even if it doesn't have any measurable traits like incredible memory.

Plus those hunters get permits and actually contribute a lot to conservation by paying exorbitant ammounts of money for it.
The *only* time I see anything from this sub on /r/all, it's when some article downplaying ebooks gets posted.

You guys are too upvote happy about this, love your stories regardless of what you read em on. 



^^^Also ^^^ebooks ^^^are ^^^superior ^^^in ^^^literally ^^^every ^^^way ^^^but ^^^whatever
>People commenting saying how this wouldn't be helpful/wouldn't work... - It will.

...But then you presented exactly 0 argument as to why it'd work, though.

Would they even read the NPC's text? Would they understand it? Would they actually keep it in mind when trading with others? Would the scammers not shift how they work their scams accordingly? Just saying there are scams happening justifies putting NPCs in the game that constantly yell out that you have to watch out?

My gut tells me no. When you don't even bother to double check a trade, I don't think anything can help you, really, other than putting in some sort of algorythm that literally prevents you from giving away expensive items or over/under-selling, which would be awful.

IMO there's already way more than enough security measure/noob friendly warnings all over this game (especially for a game made up mostly of people who've been playing it for *years*) I don't see how this would do anything.
I don't get it. If you put up an item and another player puts up 2.5m and you fully accept the trade, where's the ''scam''?

That's about as ''bad'' as not trading back someone when you forgot a 0 and bought a zammy hasta for 760k instead of 7.6m. A dick move, but not a ''scam''.
And why do we come here and read those comments?

I think bottom line is; everyone on Reddit is wasting their time, one way or another.

At least reddit's NSFW subs comments are marginally better than comments on porn videos on porn websites... Oh god don't ever read *those*.
I've never seen someone give up and start whipping out insults that fast before.

I agree with his point. It's maybe not 100% right, but it's not crazy. Relax.
I'm sure there's some story being this and he's not just filmed by strangers. I've been going to gyms for years and for the most part people either totally ignore or encourage overweight people. I've seen a lot of people transform completely over a few months.

No one would go to a cellphone free gym. Just the thought of exercising without music gives me goosebumps.
I know more dog owners who should'nt own dogs than responsible dog owners. They're a living being, not "a great stress aid". So many people leave them alone all day, don't make them walk and exercise every day as they should, feed them horrible stuff just to make them happy, etc...
I guess this is true if you have absolutely no idea how micro organisms work.

Your kitchen sponge is about a gazillion times dirtier than someone's breath. Also people exhale when they talk, so better just stay inside forever.
Or talk to anyone, as they expel particles when exhaling and we could breathe them in. You wanna avoid that at all cost.
I would'nt call my job an office job either...?
No I just work in healthcare. There's never nothing to do.
Habits and logistics. We get so many customers during our last hour, we would never hear the last of it if we started closing an hour early.
Yeeeeeeah nah. Maybe 0.1% of people are able/willing to do those jobs though.
I'm still confused and perplexed at how many people say stuff like this. "Browsing reddit is 80% of my day" and whatnot. I don't know what weird office jobs you guys have, but keep em. 
You have to pay full price for your medication when you're unemployed..? There's no program out there to cover it?

The more I read about this healthcare system the more I wonder why you guys aren't just dying all over the place. This makes no sense.
You're saying this like it's an inevitability
I think he's saying he wished for 5-6 hour days instead of 8, or 3-4 days a week instead of 5. Which I'd gladly take too.
I would'nt recommend a medication to strangers on the internet.

I'd be *even more* reluctant to recommend a specific dosage.

I'd be **even more** reluctant to recommend a high dosage known to have negative side effects.

You can try melatonin folks, but know that it creates a dependance pretty fast and that you have to dose it very carefully. Smaller doses are recommended. Not an everyday solution either, occasional at best.
This. 

All those weird counting sheep type mind "tricks" are pretty much nonsense, as in they'll be different for everyone and are basically placebo. 

If you go to sleep tired, you'll fall asleep. If you don't, you have some health issue and should consult a doctor and not strangers on Reddit.
We're apes, we want sex with other partners. Not to excuse secretive infidelity, if you're not into polyamory it's a dick move for your partner to sneakily meet other people, but don't go analyzing your house chores to try to find a "reason", or you'll go mad at some point.
As someone trying to gain mass, that sounds like a life-saver of a breakfast. I'll try that soon, thanks
ITT basic carbs.

I'm not sure how rice, oatmeal, beans and fruits are any healthier than ramen. It's various types of sugar.

I'd say a cucumber/tomato/feta salad. Takes maybe 5 minutes to make, and season it with whatever you want. Or a tuna salad, tuna+mayo+green onions and seasonings. 
I don't know on which device/browser/app you guys are getting those, (nor why you don't turn them off), but what's the point in complaining here?
That sounds ridiculously cheap for chicken and ridiculously expensive for potatoes.
>The 2004 tsunami was 30 m tall

Where did you get this number? That's as high as a 10 storey building. No matter which video I look at it seems more like 4-5 meters at most. 30 would be absolutely terrifying, there's no way it was anywhere close to that, right?
You have a nice day too.
I'm not sure which part of anything I said indicates that I'm angry (or whatever you mean by "triggered"). I just work in the field and saying that a drug has effects and side effects and affects different people differently is not only the norm, it's pretty much the first thing you learn.

Insulin is 100% harmless if you're diabetic and dose it properly. It can kill you if you're not. Cannabis is harmless if you use it as a pain killer in a small dose. It can exacerbate underlying psychological conditions, or make you faint if you have low blood pressure. This isn't me being an "elitist", it's basic medicine.

There's a difference in saying cannabis is a safer therapy than other current common treatment for things such as pai  reduction or epilepsy or fibromyalgia (which I would 110% agree with) and saying it's a "harmless plant". I'm not mad at you or anyone, it's just an extremely loaded phrase that anyone working in the medical system would have an issie with. I'm just saying you shouldn't say that because people won't take you seriously. If you have an issue with that and want to continue using the argument, fine, but no one is angry/triggered/elitist here.
Okay well if you don't actually want to have a conversation then don't start one next time. If you're gonna ignore everything and insult people you're wasting both of our times.
Alright, that's kinda immature. There's no "triggering" happening here. Every drug is a drug, and every drug has effects and side effects. Weed isn't magic.

Tons of drugs come from plants, even some really strong and objectively harmful (but also effective) opioids. Something being "natural" not only doesn't mean anything (because everything is "natural") but it creates a false divide between medicines. On top of it, this phrase has been so abused by pro-legalization hippies that it instantly gives off the impression that you're biased/misinformed.


I work in a pharmacy. We *consistently* give patients advice about not abusing even the mildest products. *Especially* the ones in the "natural supplements" section, because they're simply less studied.

If you legitimately have a medical condition you're treating with cannabis, you should be aware of all this above anyone else. "Harmful" doesn't have to mean something visibly awful like "will make your teeths fall out". It can be a lot of things, and cannabis has such a wide spectrum of effects that it can be harmful to tons of people for tons of different reasons. From messing with blood pressure, to affecting appetite, to the plethora of mental effects that can mess with almost every psychological condition known, it's far from "harmless". 

I smoke every day and I hope it's legal and sold in corner stores ASAP. But we have to stop using phrases that hinder the cause and make us sound dumb.
>a harmless plant

I love weed as much as the next guy, but please don't use that phrase. For a multitude of reasons.
It just goes to show how differently the same drug can affect different people. I wouldn't say weed *suppresses* my appetite per se, but I never feel like/think about eating when I'm high. I actually gain weight in periods where I don't smoke.
I've never *actually* considered hiring a prostitute, but the thought crossed my mind in times when I was horny and had some extra cash laying around. But then I imagine how it would go down, and the awkwardness of doing it with someone who visibly doesn't want to have sex with you is soul-crushing. I just think you have to be broken inside, or see sex in a really fucked up way to actually do this.
So that's why this one's foam is so slick and reflective instead of bubbly?

I've never had one like this. Does it affect the taste much? Would anyone know what I'm talking about if I asked for a "wet cappuccino" or would I just sound dumb?

I'm slowly getting into coffee and this looks interesting.
> I just want to sit at the kids table again while my parents play cards with their friends. 

Man, what's with all this dust in my eyes right now
Yup, he said aspirin though. Definitely ibuprofen > AAS. Aspirin probably won't help much.

Also unless you're taking like 2g of ibuprofen every single day you're not getting anywhere near stomach bleeding. Just take it with some food.
I'll have *one* beer or *one* shot of maple whiskey in a coffee once in a while, but the handful of times I actually got drunk, all I can remember is feeling weirdly angry. Angry about how I felt, angry about the fact that my head felt both empty and confused at the same time. Angry about feeling confident but awful at the same time. It's hard to describe.

I think beyond a single drink to loosen up, the only reasons to get drunk are trying to forget a problem, or summoning the courage to do something dumb. So I don't drink.
If your definition of a salad is the iceberg lettuce/unripe tomatoes/ceasar  and soggy croutons mess that fast foods occasionally serve. Otherwise carrots are pretty standard in there. 

Get a spiralizer!
I thought people with celiac must have a hard time avoiding wheat, but now that I think about your situation it seems equally incredible. Root vegetables are like 50% of my family's meals, plus there's carrots in like every soup, every mixed vegetable bags, any vegetable juices or sauce, and even in egg rolls and whatnot. You must really hate the taste
Or maybe he's taking into consideration other factors than taste. Such as not feeling like a piece of crap after you're done eating said snack.
Or maybe he's taking into consideration other factors than taste. Such as not feeling like a piece of crap after you're done eating said snack.
And here I was thinking "6 pounds is minuscule, I must eat like 30 pounds a year".

Carrots are so ridiculously cheap, they're a perfect snack. I buy a 3 pound bag every other week, so it's more like 80 pounds/year actually.
A lot of them are most likely still teens. At least I like to imagine so.
No matter how good the beans were (and I doubt they're great if you buy them already packed) they'll be pretty meh after a year in your cupboards. If it's already ground I'm not sure we can even discuss quality at all.

I'd be willing to bet starbucks has fresher beans.
"A cake is 100,000% more expensive than buying and eating a bag of sugar yourself"
Fruit juice is sugar water. It's better than a coke, but *barely*. Unless they add vitamins or leave the fiber in (Eww...) they're best to avoid too imo.
Pretty sure people are just using it as a shortner rather than to censor "fuck". I don't see how it's any worse than "ikr" or "atm".
It's trying to be.
Yup. Saw a pretty much identical post a while back about how it's the same on a chromebook, and everyone was freaking out. I actually had this exact model for 2 years and I never even came close to accidentally turning it off, you have to hold it down for quite a while and the whole screen sort of zooms out as you do, it's impossible to miss.
Those are all over the place. Are they uncommon wherever most of reddit's demographic lives?
Yeah adding cocoa powder, sugar and fat to chocolate... isn't that essentially just adding more chocolate?
As a guy with long hair; you're putting doubts in my mind again...
Well that's a good way to maintain a divide between people, but okay.
Which is why they specifically mentionned trump supporters. Right.
A mild sexual innuendo joke that you could hear in a sitcom is insanity wolf now?
With the part about how his laptop is worth 1.5k for some reason.
They're expensive, polluting, and fresh coffee taste better. The only possible appeal is convenienve, and it just baaaarely wins at that, so there's really gotta be something off in your life if you feel the need to use those imo. I will never understand it.
Some older Quebec folks don't speak a word of english, but you won't interract with them. Everyone working a public job is *at least* fluent, I wouldn't worry.
This is blowing my mind, I almost don't believe you. How does metal detecting look threatening enough to call the cops? I feel like I might get a fine for wasting their time calling them for this.
If you're doing mushrooms often enough that you're worrying about this you're doing mushrooms too often.
Maybe Canada..? That's minimum wage here.
I live in a sizeable city and I have yet to see a single person with one.

I don't get it, it's a portable console, I was expecting to see tons of people playing BOTW in the subway/busses. Yet nothing. I'll believe the stats but it really feels nothing like the wii launch, when everyone was talking about it.
People just see this, think it's a cool pic, and upvote it. No one on /r/all really thinks about which sub pictures are on.
I just started playing again after stopping last august or whatever and I can't believe it's still as buggy.
I'm not too sure how what kind of sound people make with their mouths to communicate (let alone years after you died) is scary.
As is anything when you crank the contrast to a gazillion and change the eye's color.
When does that happen..?
I went to a normal school. They don't teach you about the stuff *explicitely* but things like being given responsabilities and having to follow a schedule instill some discipline in you. I think it sounds like you're either still in highschool or hold some sort of unsettled grudge. School doesn't feel like a prison and you won't get punished if you don't do anything dumb.
I understand Arin's position and mostly agree with him, but I think he took too much liberty in saying "I don't believe that at all" when Dan explained that school isn't all about the *things* you learn but rather the methods of trying to learn them and the discipline it forces you to have. I'm pretty sure that's a fact. 

They're probably not the most efficient, but school definitely teach you how to learn, to some extent, as well as forming a few other good habits. It's not worthless just because you won't use the maths, if learning the maths helped devellop your brain and gave you long-term benefits.
>FINALLY

This is like the third time we make a thread about this. The artist even answered in the previous one.
Yeah I'm kinda confused as to why this is upvoted, doesn't sound like the best advice. 
The local indian restaurant is doing much more harm to my nose than some kid vaping.
I know nothing about this and yet I can name 3 in Montreal right now. It seems pretty big indeed.
All I read was about the show being cringy overall, whats this LGBT stuff you're on about?
1.) You should know what that sub is (great sub, really)

2.) You should be able to deduce what this sub is

3.) You shouldn't browse Reddit around people who should't see you browsing reddit.

4.) You shouldn't click links around people.

If he bypass all of those, it's kind of on him imo.
Idk about him but I'm using a reddit app (Relay) and it displays the file size at the top while it loads.
Mobile. 
Well here goes my daily allowance of mobile data.

How is this 40mb? I feel like a full HD video with sound would be less than that.
Yeah whenever the thought of a migraine crosses my mind I get paranoid and look for the little growing blind spot in my vision that would indicate one is coming.
Same here, painkillers work a bit but for some reason I feel like it's just a waste and I might as well wait it out.
Ever since I tasted one I reffer to them as "bland kiwi's", that's exactly what they feel like.
What the honest fuck is wrong with your country guys...
Ah, so I'm not crazy after all!

If I worked 8 hours today, my day's gone. It's not like I'm going to plan anything that evening, so I'd much rather work all day instead and get 3-4 days off a week which would actually allow me to visit family or go on a hiking trip or anything else that requires time.

Surprising that I couldn't find a job with that kind of schedule anywhere.
I've never seen them called "spice grindera" once. Where is this happening?
Heh, I completely disagree. It looks good.
/r/minimalism would strongly disagree
Then it becomes healthy if you eat 200 fewer calories in another meal during your day. That's a really flawed way to look at it. Calorie dense foods are fine, you just eat less.
Yeah, and no mystery meat, and also way more nutrients because of the kale. More calories =/= unhealthy, this whole story is kinda misleading
As much as I loved the new Cosmos series with Neil, it gave me the same impression...

We get it, there's a subsection of the population in the US that believes crazy nonsense, but it makes the whole show cringy when you cater to them.
I get that this is an anti-scientology circlejerk and I'm definitely not defending them, but you're just playing with words. You know that's not how they would call it and that distancing themselves from mainstream science is the whole point.
Yeah this phrase is as mainstream as it gets I'm not sure who's going to hell for what here
Or anyone in the develloped world with no obesity problem...

I get that it's common, but I'm having trouble eating enough myself, those mosquitoes might be the end of me.
A fuck that thiks its worth 2$?
I write emails not letters, the only contract I sign is my lease when I move, and you can definitely take electronic notes. I dont know what argument wr're having
Because we have computers and phones?  No need to get worked up I'm just saying it looks like a generic pen that companies give away to me so I'd throw it away unless someone specifically told me I could sell if for hundreds of dollars which somehow is the case..?
If it looks like a 2$ one and I know nothing about pens and have no use for one, yeah most likely
Tbh I would have thrown it away myself. Looks like any pen.
All those comments are crazy. All the walmarts around me close at 9 like any other store and I've been there at 8h30 once and we might have been 3 in the entire store. Where do people go on shopping sprees at 3 AM on a wednesday?
Yes... at 9 like any other retail store? 

Are they open 24 hours in the US??
So "tourist" and "immigrant" should be the same word too?
If it works as well as my Galaxy S7's fingerprint detection, we'll see a lot of angry customers yelling at cashiers in the coming years...
Lying to a doctor will affect the decision they make. It *will* come back and bite you in the long run. I get that you live in a country where for some reason affording medicine is an issue, but I'm sure it's still not worth lying and risking your health.
People who know they don't wanna get married?
When they have those type of episodes where they're talking about a random thing the whole time I wonder why any of you watch the gameplay.

I just can't see myself ignoring the youtube red discussion and trying to find faults in the playthrough. That sounds like willingly trying not to enjoy a thing.
Where do you live? I mean saying you can only pay with those methods isn't really a criticism, it's just the norm. 
Same here. Montreal isn't exactly a dry desert, been sleeping with a foam mattress on the floor for years, I have no idea how it could get damp under there.

I guess some people live in the rain forest
And the rest of the world just stands there, confused.
I still won't believe anyone wipes standing up. They're all lying.
Yeah I think this showerthought massively confuses public outcry and actual allocation of resources. Not everything Reddit has a collective freakout about gets solved and a lot of charities are thriving.
Oblivion?
I mean... if you're 14 and/or have no sense of responsabilities I guess. Pretty sure not "every" cannabis user has no self control. That's a weird stereotype to perpetrate imo.
Pretty much what I was thinking too, this tip is an awful way to move on...
And this one really wasn't
But don't reply to an unrelated comment though..?
It's not baffling, people are just saying don't go to school without a plan. Almost everyone I know who went to college/uni got a completely unrelated job.
So, "be nice to people"?

Okay. I mean, not just "the right people" either, this just sounds like common sense.
Not ranting, it's just weird to unknowingly have conversation with kids
Sounds like an occular migraine, caffeine can be a trigger. An espresso has less caffeine than a typical cup of coffee by the way.
14 years old took over the internet. You'd be horrified at how many people you interract with on Reddit that are children/teenagers.
I'm a pharmacy tech. If it even *looks* like I'm not doing much I'll get sent off to do something more productive. What is "time off"?
Nah, I'm just surprised your boss is okay with paying you for those thumb-twiddling days, but good for you
And none of them care to investigate and realize they could double their profit...?
You guys and your mysterious "office jobs" just confuse the hell out of me. I have no idea what you do or how you could work only 60% of the time and still get paid.

EDIT: I get it. "60%? More like 5% hahah"

Fuck all you guys :(

*-anyone in healthcare, manufacturing, or pretty much anything else*
You people are describing a medical condition. How does anyone live like this?
*Especially* for porn.
OP just chose two awful pictures to convey his point. 
I was just eating, don't make me throw up.
>Keurig

>Folgers

You're digging your own grave, stop before /r/coffee (or anyone who cares) hears about this
40 seconds isn't really "forever"
Guess I'll just yell at the train to go faster or pray to the transit gods that my bus isnt  early.

Or ill catch the preceeding bus and stand in front of my workplace for 40 minutes unti it opens.
Some people have complicated commutes, including infrequent busses and trains. It's not the 30 seconds in the escalator, it's that bus it makes you miss and now the next one is in 45 minutes and you'll be late.
Saying it's "already legendary" implies that's a status you can reach through evolution. 

Yes, it's nitpicky.
My process goes as follow;

1.) Is there a default name for the character? Keep it (ie: Name myself "Link" in a Zelda game)

2.) Can I make an obvious pun that will be funny during in-game dialogue? (ie: "Fuck, I" in a pokemon game)

3.) Fuck...
So has no one here seen a dentist in 15 years or something? If ice cream hurts you should be concerned
The top posts on Reddit threads always give me the impression that no one here remotely has their shit together. I'm dealing with a lot of shit in my life (as anyone does, really) but at least I can tell if my clothes are clean or not, so there's that. I don't know how or why the *majority* of you guys live like this.
I just hope you don't really believe that's how it works
Thatsthejoke.jpg
I'm sure it is, there are thousands of players online. But to me, if I wanted some resource managing game I'd play something else. If I go back to RD it's for the nostalgia and doing things I wished I could do as a kid but never got around to it.
I've done this like 7 times since OSRS came back. I log on hoping to feel the adventure again, but now I know everything and all everyone talks about is efficiency and whatnot. Completely different thing.
[Gee, thanks](http://lolworthy.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/you-can-tell-its-an-aspen-tree-because-of-the-way-it-is.jpg)
I am so glad my neighbours speak a language I don't understand.

Our walls are thin, they are *loud*, and they talk all day long. I basically never take my heaphones off at this point, but at least I don't understand what's going on. If I did I think I'd go insane, I'd know everything about their lives and troubles.
Ville-Marie, yeah idk what that was but it was loud as hell
And I love how your reply is just another jab. I don't know why you're looking for a conflict online, do you have any actual question or a point? 

You opened up saying I was ''fucking dumb'' for mentioning that I do use cannabis sometimes at work, what are the actual dangers? They wouldn't joke about it because they look down on it as a drug, but no one will actually go up to my boss and ask him to... Call the cops on his employee for doing something in his off time?

Do you even know where I live? (Hint, not the US) what the legal status is where I am? Literally anything about me before calling me names and looking for holes in my one paragraph story?

This is a thread about double standards. There is a double standard when it comes to weed/alcohol, in that weed is seen as worse and usually addictive. I don't think I'm breaking new grounds by saying this, but I don't think I'm being dumb either since I kept said jobs and my coworkers eventually laughed it off because they're not psychos.
That's a weird guess I'm not even from the US
Chill out all my coworkers are mostly OK with weed they just wouldnt joke about it as they do with wine. No one is gonna get fired for saying they enjoy a joint, I don't know where you live where it's considered a hate crime and you colleagues will suddenly forget their relationship with you to rat you out over weed or some shit and I haven't described any conversations with anyone so idk what you're on about. I'm not "fucking dumb" nor 12. I think youve had too much Reddit for the day if that's how you start an exchange.
Seriously lol?
I'm not saying they're right, but I'm pretty sure "the media" didn't come up with the idea that women should have children if they can. It's pretty much been part of every culture forever.
I don't think anyone is *preventing* you from doing it. You should just expect to get weird looks, just like you should if you're eating with your bare hands or some other child-like habit.
>followed by the parent watching TV from the moment they get home till they go to bed.

This completely blows my mind. So many people seem to do this, while also having access to the internet. I haven't watched TV in 10 years, I don't know how anyone can sit and let someone else decide what they watch and when, and be okay with it.
Your coworkers are absolutely free to joke about how they're going to drink a glass of wine, "or a whole bottle by myself HAHAHA" when they finally get home from work. If I mention I take a couple hits of weed from a vaporizer before going to bed they'll think I'm an addict that can't make it through life without a crutch.
I don't expect people to bring their life to work, especially not their kid. I don't think that's a cazy position to take. 
You're going off script. This is Reddit, we're supposed to love vengeance and wish he falls in a vat of acid regardless of context.
Should be at the top. This is absolutely disgusting.
It is kinda fucked up but if you bring a downer of a point about the greater ideologies of government in a thread like that you 100% should expect to be downvoted.
I've been late to things maybe 15 times in my entire life, and all 15 of those were 100% public transit system's fault. Damn bus just doesn't show up sometime.
Other people are looking at you, not you. So if it's not for other people's attention then...?
And what if it makes 5 double down because they don't wanna be associated with him?
I don't know, depends on the model. I think my air is much faster and more convenient than rolling joints or having pieces to clean all the time.
Well, that's good. Making decisions based on ridiculously strong emotions probably isn't the best idea.
Or just a different viewpoint. I can imagine many ways to keep someome from doing further harm without killing them, and I can also imagine quite a few downsides to having a system and cultural attitude based on vengeance. I'm sure you can too, even if we both sometimes wish some people died.
According to certain people in a certain culture at a certain point in time. That's why that's a stupidly simplistic approach, you'll never get everyone to agree.
So you're saying someone shouldn't voice opinions on political topis that he doesn't understand fully but you're doing a psychoanalysis of someone you've never met and their relationships?
Aren't all most common smartphones waterproof now?
**11mb**... How???
It's really *the item* that makes you look like an inexplicably uncool old lady, yet it's the one item I find myself wishing I had on me the most often.
Cheese is protein. When you're bulking, every way you can get protein is fine.
So why do you wanna stop if you can't find a downside?
I went to the gym high for about a year before facing the fact that it does reduce my cardio and energy output a bit. The workout goes by faster and is more fun, you get way into the music, so if it's either that or not going at all then fine, but now creatine, oatmeal and coffee is all I have and I keep the weed for post-workout.
Well well, hey there clone. Exact same situation. I bet you also have those 11PM splurge where you just shove everything down your throat because "I'm missing like 700 calories somehow even though I've been sickly full all day but whatever I won't feel shitty if I'm asleep... :)"

Wish I could find a solution. Even weed which used to give me munchies doesn't work anymore. 2800 calories is my goal too and realistically I'd be fine and satisfied with like 1500.
Just like any other aspect of a person, something you like shouldn't become your personality. I'm a vegan stoner atheist, but I would never ever call myself any of those things because all these groups have had their cultural image ruined by a loud minority and stereotyping. People just assume things about you if you treat an aspect of your life as a religion or something.
LOL
Yeah this is the only topic from this sub that ever reaches /r/all... /r/music doesn't fight over physical albums vs digital, or at least that's not what the entire god damn sub is about.
Literally the only time I ever see anything from /r/books , it's something about physical books over ebooks making it to /r/all.

I get that people can have prefferences, but I'm not sure why *this one* is celebrated. All entertainment is going digital, because it only has advantages. The only appeal to physical books is the old "I like it that way", which is fine, but we should expect the cultural tide to change. I'm not sure why anyone is glad the upcoming generation also likes to cut down trees "because they like it better".
I'm not from the US.
Do you think LA or San Francisco are the only places in the world? Look at a map. There are tons of beaches. I was born on an island and had a similar view, and my family was nowhere near rich. In some entire *countries* living by the beach is normal.
I don't think he went out to buy a coffee and a joint in a dispensary and then came back home. 

If you brew it at home and roll it at home it's about 2-3$.

There are tons of places, small towns, where being next to a beach is normal and everyone does and it's not more expensive than anything else. 
Nope, Canada.
I mean, they might not ''really'', but they still are part of it by definition. I don't think ''The cannabis community'' should be reserved for teens with caricatural annoying weed activists personalities.
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/5y38lp/slug/dena8c1)
If your typical oz is 150$ then 2$ gives you about 0.4g. That's a joint to me at least. A cup of coffee is almost nothing if you brew it at home.
A coffee and a joint is like two dollars, and some people are just born/live near a beach (I grew up on an island, had a similar view, but definitely far from rich)
IMO He's acting pretty normal compared to everyone else around. Such as way-too-into-it dude in front of him and obviously-bored-out-of-his-mind Mcgee behind him.
Ok so, I don't know if this post is upvoted just because people are upvote-happy in this thread about bashing cannabis, but that's a bit crazy. Tons (and I do mean tons, way more people than you'd think) use weed and just... Don't talk about it. Don't wear rasta shirts, don't go around with a joint behind their ear. I just take one or two hits from a vape at home at the end of my day.

If you don't like weed culture, fine. If you want to stereotype users as stupid young people and claim that the drug is both inherently addictive and dangerous, then you're crossing a line that I don't think needs to be crossed, even though people seem to agree with you somehow.

EDIT: Judging by your thought-provoking reply of *"Found another manchild, lol."* to another comment, I'm not expecting much discussion and I'll just pass this off as people being emotional and hope no one believes the stereotype in 2017 for real.
The cannabis community is actually mostly people who take a couple hits at the end of the day and don't really bother mentionning it to anyone. Most people can handle weed just fine as part of a balanced lifestyle, the loud annoying ones are usually young and/or in states and places where it's still frowned upon. Hopefully it dies down.
Or "there's a lot of altered state of minds out there and it's hard to draw clear lines or to enforce laws on them".

There's no point in putting words in people's mouth. I happen to think it should be illegal because some outliers probably do drive dangerously while high but for the most part I think it's harmless. There's just no point in making the debate a spectacle where everyone on the opposite side is *obviously* saying outrageous stupid shit if you read between the lines long enough.
Well the deceiving part is unfortunate, but not the hookup part. Communication is key, if you straight up ask a guy (or girl, for that matter) if they're approaching you for a hookup, they'll probably give an honest answer and then whatever happens happens. I think there's more weirdness around sex and relationship than there needs to be.
I'm just gonna drop in and say that this is a ridiculously broad questions and everything here is advice from complete internet strangers who don't know you or this guy. Even the very best generalizations down here will only be right like 80% of the time.

Sure most men want sex if they approach a women. Not all. Not always. Pretty sure you can use social cues and a general understanding of how humans work to figure out what someone wants, at least better than people on Reddit.
That's kind of only a question for typical large company office jobs. I'm a pharmacy tech, the only step of the ladder above me is being a pharmacist, and that's way more years in shcool and dollars in debt than I care for.
Because schizophrenia is a disease that will keep developing at a certain percentage in humans, and its manifestation will adapt to the current state of culture. 

AKA crazy people out there picking the first crazy shit they find which at least *some* other crazy people believe.
I'll take not breathing in cancer if it means only having access to a pool of several millions of women rather than slightly more millions of women.
I was about to reply that this is not really normal, but then googled it and the statistic says 17 is precisely the average age where people lose their virginity.

That's crazy, I feel like in early highschool everyone was already sexually active, like 13-14 years old. It might even be younger now.
There's no nice way to say this but a piece of advice: We can all smell insecurity through those ''...'', don't do that on Tinder, where text is sadly the only way for those strangers to get an impression of you.

Beyond that, it just seems like you don't know yourself. No ''dating strategy'' can overcome that. I wouldn't try to get into relationships before knowing what I actually want beforehand. Incertitude and insecurity is the biggest possible turnoff.
It both surprises me and kinda scares me that this is upvoted so much. There's hundreds of recipe you can do with just one pan. Put the food in it, stir occasionally, and the cleanup is about 20 seconds if you have a non-stick pan. What's awful?

If you bake some weird complex thing and do an elaborate mise-en-place with a dozen bowls to hold all your ingredients and taste 7 times during the process with 7 different spoons, then sure, but I've been living for years with one pot and one pan, never get more than those two and one utensil and one plate dirty, which you just clean while your meal cools down in a minute...

It's not annoying, you can decide exactly how your food is prepared. Just put on a podcast or something, I really think there's no excuses not to cook, the money you save is staggering.
Don't feed the trolls, especially if they're called "muslimpigfucker".
I think he just used that wording to get an idea across and you're associating it to a bunch of other things for no reason. Don"t let a couple of vapid hippies steal the rights to some words and ruin a decent practice.
I see where you're coming from but I disagree. I don't think meditation won't be worth it unless you get some deep eastern philosophy perspective changing thoughts. 15 minutes a day is pretty much nothing, and most people won't take it from an activity they enjoy, they'll do it before bed or after waking up, when they'd probably be browsing facebook otherwise.

I don't have the "outward perspective" I think, yet the reduction in anxiety is as notoceable as a pharmaceutical drug. I think the general population can get most of the benefits out of meditation even if it "just calms them down". Alone time in silence will be beneficial even if you "do it wrong."
[Hey there brother](http://imgur.com/AmRDQOn)
So what do they say to justify the fact that basically everyone on earth is living just fine without those "essential" things? I don't believe it either
...Is it though? Sometimes I feel like Reddit builds some ridiculous strawmans to attack them, and this feels like one of those times. Does anyone legitimately know someone who drinks essential oils for breakfast to avoid death...? Or even remotely thinks they're essential while 99% of the population is doing fine without em?
It's things like this that remind me some people play pokemon go and never really played the main series games. Those poor souls... It looks nothing like a Lapras
It's very healthy to recognize your mistakes and feel bad about them. I think the real advice to the people this is actually addressed to would be "if you have an anxiety disorder or intense confidence issues, consult a psychologist", because otherwise I don't think that's a really good tip.
Then just be aware that you're ''laughing at'' people who just want sensible regulation. It's really weird and pretty angering that progress is avoided because it's ''political suicide''. I don't think people don't realize this, I think people are pissed that this is the state of things and want it to change.
This is a weird sub to post this in... You definitely can't motivate your way out of depression, and as someone who has experienced it the metaphor doesn't personally sound accurate either. I feel like this could mislead people more than anything.
I think you're overly invested in an argument that isn't here. Don't push it too far on your side either, there is no cure for depression in the form of a drug. Drug treatment coupled with therapy is somewhat effective to mitigate symptoms but speaking like anti depressants are a 100% safe cure is just as bad as what you're speaking against.
I think Pokemon Duel does the f2p model well. You *can* spend real money to be able to get better decks faster, but there's enough ways to progress for free. I've been playing for 2 weeks and my deck can compete in top tier. Those who paid just got it faster but still had to battle their way up the ranks.
This definitwly extends to Reddit too. What media you consume is part of your "environment". I filtered a bunch of subreddits out and just use the site less in general and I feel better for it.
Well yes you can be in your peak and drink soda, and some athletes smoke cigarettes. They aren't mutually exclusive. There's no reason to drink soda other than addiction, and I don"t think I can name an item in a grocery store worse for you. Sure he was a bit alarmist in tone, but it's weird how reddit buries opinions in downvotes based on tone.
Wasn't there some stuff about diet things raising your insulin levels regardless?
There's a study showing that drinking a can of soda a day has no health impacts...? I'm sorry but that just sounds very wrong even though I know little about the subject
Today you learned: A sensible argument is completely dismissed on Reddit if you don't cushion it in caveats and keep mentionning it's just an opinion.

No one should drink soda ever. Sure, one isn't literally gonna kill you, but it's pretty much the worse thing you can buy in a store and eat. It's also part of our culture though so saying it like that ruffles people's feathers.
Aren't you supposed to put barely enough butter to cover the shake? With 3 lbs it's probably not so potent and you'd need to eat a lot of it, no?
I get the sentiment, I understand being careful with who you let into your life, but sometimes those advice memes (or just the attitude to relationships in general on reddit) is so black and white... If anyone does anything wrong they deserve to be left behind by everyone. That would make for an incredibly shitty world if people actually lived like this. It's discussed as if humans are disposable.
I mean, sure it won't kill you or anything, I love pasta too, but it's not like you shouldn't watch your nutrient intake or insulin levels or anything else *unless* you're trying to gain weight. The way you feel after eating a big bowl of spaghetti and the fact that you're somehow hungry 2 hours larer isn't just a coincidence.
This is ridiculous, why is it upvoted?

Life expectancy isn't the only measure of how healthy your diet is, and the fact that empty carbs like wheat should be avoided isn't breaking news or anything.
Vape pens, vaporisers, edibles, drops... But they light up a joint.

This is not people trying to be subtle, that's people trying to get attention, and maybe it's just because I'm not 15 anymore, but it doesn't look cool either.
I know you're joking and all, but it perplexes me for real that someone could dislike the best vegetable. It's crunchy and sweet instead of bland and soft. How?

Like those people who eat unripe bananas, because why *wouldn't you* eat them when they are bitter and feel like sandpaper in your mouth, right?
FYI advertising to kids directly is a US thing and looks really creepy to anyone from anywhere else. 
They must be able to... Otherwise what's the point? What do you have "just on your phone" that could be of any use?  They'll look up what kind of music you store on there? What weather forecast app you use?
>Who wouldn't want to try out women's fabulous soft silky clothes, fun make-up, and perfumes?

Well, the overwhelming majority of men actually
For 6 months out of the year I don't really have a choice. The sidewalk is really dangerous, I don't want to slip and hurt myself.
>but we still have that instinctual emotional response and natural aversion to violence.

I really don't know about that part. You ''naturally'' should be hunting for food right now as we type, so I think predating and violence is as ''natural'' as it gets and our ''aversion to violence'' is probably mostly cultural.
All the angry stuff down here and all this is about like a 40 cents a month difference.
This back and forth discussion of ''They should pay more attention to the game'' - ''They should focus on jokes, it's a comedy show''. People were going at it back when the channel started, in 2012, >4 years ago. I don't really have a dog in that race I just very rarely come to this sub anymore and seeing your comment made me see that things don't ever change *too* much.
It's funny to me how this exact same conversation is still going on 4 years later. 
Meh. This won't bring me back personally, I'm waiting for something like trading and being able to battle my friends. And now that Pokemon Duel is out (as well as Sun and Moon) it'll take quite a bit to make me go back to another pokemon mobile game that is inferior in most ways.
Some people would much much much rather have no conversation at all rather than small talk. TBH I'd love if cashiers at the grocery store could just be 100% silent, the small talk is awkward and just reminds me that they're forcing it, because it's painfully visible they don't enjoy it.

If you have a genuine subject to discuss that's great, and sure it's not that hard for him to just say "hi" back, but hating being ignored is kind of on you. It's not on him to have pretend-conversation to make you feel something.
FYI the average is like 5.1
But then you also gotta buy a car
Its awful in the eyes of people who try to do it with stale ground grocery store coffee. Go to any coffee place othet than starbucks or whatever your local equivalent is, and most people order espresso's/Americano's.
Those machines where I live produce some sort of paper which isn't quite a receipt *even if you say no*. They end up overflowing in the compartment and falling to the floor.

To be honest I'm glad it makes a mess. If you're going to give me a "yes/no" question and both answers end up giving me a piece of paper, then fuck you. Design it better.
...Is this seriously what it is? 

I'm sorry but unless it's some refference to a line in a show or something I would never have gotten it either. That's just dumb.
Probably as much as any other herb, in other word, almost literally nothing at all.
I have no clue, thought that was just a mild pedophile joke
I recently moved to a city with a subway system and people who stand half an inch from the rail freak the hell out of me. The tip of their nose would touch the train if they ever so slightly leaned forward, what's the point? No one thinks you look cool
As someone that also occasionally tries to bring some sense into conversations like this; stop. It's sickening, but somehow people will 100% of the time downvote you for saying maybe we shouldn't murder or consider humans with any issues as disposable trash.
Why do you draw conclusion about the relationship of two complete strangers based on a single piece of information?
Sounds like that was his point, yes. It's harder to make and less demand thus inevitably more expensive.
It probably has a lot to do with the fact that we want a very very specific temperature. I'm sure it's like a 2 degree window while the whole dial probably covers like 60 degrees, so of course the sweet spot will be small.
I see no one proposing anything. What's the solution? Just banning them? Censorship? But I thought everyone freaked out when we censored anything.
I'm confused as to why this is so high up.

>Congratulations Trump supporters for trying to normalize islamophobia.

Is that really what they're doing or are they just 14 y-o with alternative opinions who like to yell their positions through anonymous text?

>Congratulations Reddit for allowing them to spread their hate on your platform.

...So we want censorship now?

>Congratulations to everyone who simply ignored islamophobia online instead of responding, voting, or reporting it.

I'm not even from the US, nor near any islamic community. Not sure what I can do about anything.
I have the same issue and I genuinely think someone could devellop psychological issues from this. I hear my neighbors whine and yell at eachother all day, as if they were right there in the room with me. I don't know what silence is anymore. It honestly stresses the crap out of me so I'm paying for an appartment yet only using it for sleep at this point.
I don't like Milo at all and disagree with pretty much all his positions and yet those two podcasts were great, I re-watched them both at least once or twice. I just don't think Alex Jones is remotely as open to being confronted.
I heard that WOOSH in the shower and just had to go on Reddit to figure out what caused it.
Are you chewing your pills? Why would you know what pantoprazole tastes like?
Yeah I like my coffee black, I tried it at Tim's a couple times and I just can't stand it. It's worth the detour to Second cup or whatever local cafe there are nearby.
*"And here's the other problem with that, 500 years ago people died at like 20. Nobody fucking lived to be 49 it wasn't possible back then"*

Is it just the weed that fucked up my memory, or has there been like 6 guests on the podcast who debunked that myth *and* Joe even corrected someone on it at some point?
Yeah but try and make a bacon joke over there...
This sub has a much better sense of humor than /r/vegan
Was talking mainly about the job discussed here, cahisers. As for AI, that's what I meant by "and almost all jobs in a couple decades". I think we have the *mechanical* means to replace most simple task jobs right now (but we don't for many reasons), but as soon as we figure out AI (IMO, a couple decades from now) pretty much all other jobs are instantly out the window.
I'm an autonomous adult that does all the typical adult-y stuff, plus I've worked as a cashier for a year.

I've never seen a cheque. Never. I'm not even joking, I only technically know how they work. Almost the same with cash, if it wasn't for the dru-... Cookies, that I buy from those nice girl scouts, I wouldn't ever need it and would only use cards. 

In what circumstance do they offer any advantage? Why would a cashier like them? 
You're going to be *really* dissapointed by the future if this isn't sarcasm. Tons of the smartest people on earth designing something with none of the biological limitations we have and a "brain" millions of times faster and more efficient definitely beats whatever our DNA randomly came up with. Definitely enough to replace many jobs right now, and almost all jobs in a couple decades.
Pretty sure we all know what a smartboard is, and pretty sure everyone can see this is just a wall.
You guys have some pretty active and vivid dreams. I usually just get a minuscule glimpse of boring stuff like sitting in class or walking a dog, and I can't ever feel or control any movements.
There's nothing inherently ''unhealthy'' in there, you need fats, if your other meals that day weren't especially fatty there's nothing wrong with this.
Same. It's really confusing.
"He"? 
You seemingly do
When you deal with this stuff half the year or more, you stop bothering with the gloves and whatnot. There's no way I'm putting all this stuff on just to take out the trash or what have you.
I saw a guy trying to sell a 50 cents package of spaghettis for a dollar in Hochelaga yesterday, *right next* to the Dollarama where he presumably bought it.

Nothing surprises me anymore, honestly.
Is that the sound of someone feeling like they can relate?
I have a facebook account that I just use for the chat, to contact people. I'm friends with like 20 people, only adding those which I can't contact through skype/phone/face to face easily. I have [this browser extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/news-feed-eradicator-for/fjcldmjmjhkklehbacihaiopjklihlgg?hl=en) that hides the feed completely. I have all the settings set as private as possible, my profile picture isn't of me, and I never post or comment on anything. If I ever really want to know what someone is up to, I'll go to their profile directly. I used to do it all the time, but now it's very rare. You slowly realise you can still be friends and feel close to someone without knowing about what they think/are doing 24/7.

I think you should try something like this, it has all the benefits of being away from the shitty content of facebook, and none of the downsides of suddenly "dissapearing", because people can still very easily talk to you through the chat if they have something meaningful to say.

EDIT: Oh, looks like you already deleted your account judging by other posts. Well this advice can apply to other people too, it definitely works for me.
Probably not stupid, but definitely unable to argue serious topics without losing their shit after 15 measured and calm yet shitty responses.
Agreed. Altough I don't understand when people say this about facebook; you decide who you follow and who you're friends with. I don't use it but I'm pretty sure there's no equivalent of /r/all on facebook, right? So when people say everyone's dumb on facebook, they're talking about their own friends. Just unfriend them, no?
And also, "the internet" is wide and encompasses everything, but more often than not people gravitate towards communities and stick to them. Reddit is a left-leaning website, so most people here also are, and if you don't go looking elsewhere, you'll only see things that support this view, so you'll get even more convinced that you're right.
Reddit's community.

I'm currently in the process of completely re-evaluating how I'm using this website, because what used to be a flow of memes, interesting discussions, or news, has now become a battleground of subreddits building their own little bubble, patting eachother on the back, and attacking anyone that comes in their little safe zone. Reddit just makes me stressed and angry above anything now, when I participate at least.

The orange inbox used to be a good sign, someone took the time to reply to me! Now, it makes me dread what's hiding behind it... You can leave the most innocuous comment anywhere and you'll get destroyed. Someone commited a murder? Better wish he slowly dies in a vat of acid like everyone else, otherwise you're literally supporting murder. Mentionning a certain diet isn't perfect nutrition-wise? You animal-abuse supporter! 

And then you get caught in discussions with people who are most likely 14 year old kids who got mildly good at arguing and have proper grammar so you confuse them for adults with actual opinions and end up wasting a ton of time trying to reason with them.

All the serious stuff here is discussed in such an angry manner, and all the meaningless cute stuff and memes must be nothing but empty discussions and mildly quirky unfunny puns. I might just find some other web aggregator and give up on Reddit for good.
>This sub helps people find idea that fit into that amount.

That's the confusing part; anything can fit under 1200 if you adjust the portion. There's really no consistency to the recipes over there, it's anything and everything, and, worryingly, some pretty unhealthy processed packaged stuff simply because it makes it easier to count calories since it's right there on the packaging.

I mean, anything that gets people to monitor their nutrition is a good thing, but I just don't see how this sub is different from any health/nutrition/diet subreddit.
Isn't there a difference between saying something is ineffective, and ''telling people what to do''?

I'm glad this happened and all, but everyone down here is calling anyone remotely asking questions a ''The_donald brigader'' and classifying people asking ''what's the point?'' has *''silencing women''*. This is just kinda confusing, honestly. If you're going to make a huge event to attract people's attention, maybe use that attention instead of going full us-vs-them and not making any point?

I'm not even from the US nor really invested in any of this, but as a generic bystander, all I saw from this march are the silly signs and the hats posted on Reddit. And then comment sections like this where literally not a single women's issue is brought up, people are just either patting each other on the back or arguing about politics.

Am I allowed to support your cause and simultaneously wonder what that was supposed to accomplish?
I've seen this sub pop up a few times and I'm really confused at to what it is. Why 1200? And most of the posts are just generally low-calorie food, nothing specifically 1200. 

Description says *''1200 kcal/day is not enough for teenagers or those working out regularly.''*, well I'm neither of those and my weight **maintenance** recommended intake is 2500 calories. Is it a weight loss sub? Because 1200 calories seems minuscule. But then no one posts about weight either. And it doesn't seem to be about health/nutrition/diets because there's ice cream booze smarties and pre-packaged stuff over there, as long as it has a calorie number on it.

Literally any meal can fit into 1200 calories if you adjust the portion. I don' get it.
I guess it's all relative/cultural. I'm mid 20's and getting married at 27 sounds horrible. Do it when you need it (if ever), nothing to do with age.
You know, sometimes Ill give a pass to people for saying "race" instead of "ethnicity", but this guy literally said we marry *different species*. He actually reached for the scientific term. You know, the one that says you it prevents two animals from breeding?

That's mindblowing.
Trick question, we all know a pound of black matter is the heaviest thing.
I've always wondered too... The most I ever had was like 15 pounds overweight, and when I realised I was out of breath after after going up stairs I just ate like 200 fewer calories a day and walked 15 extra minutes and it was gone in a couple weeks... I don't understand how some people's alarm just doesn't go off at any point, not even getting-out-of-your-chair-is-exhausting levels.
Or, you know... A 70 pound dumbell at the gym
And I'm sure its 512kb of RAM and 3mb hard drive were still plenty 21 years later, in 2005.
>Edit: it was a girl who gave me the handjob, I don't know why that needed to be clarified

...Because gay people are a thing?
I've never been on their website because I only hear awful things about it, but their youtube channel has started producing funny videos again, after a couple years of "meh".
Same here, Canadian too. And they have the audacity to ask us to pay like 3$ per episodes of their shows. Now I'm all for supporting creators but allowing me to watch 3 videos for the price at which our southern neighbours can watch *unlimited* content is a farce. Imagine if Netflix did this...
...What?
This makes very little sense but more importantly, youtube creators mostly disagree with you. [Here's John Green explaining it pretty concisely](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2v3i5pRmqI4)

The really confusing part is this;

>You create a demand by buying stuff that should otherwise be a free part of technological evolution and natural development.

What? How so? If we just wait long enough people will start producing content with the same quality but not expect to get paid...?

You can say that starting to pay for stuff is "the wrong direction" if you want, but then propose an alternative. Right now, that's advertisement, but you probably don't like that either.

>Monthly subscriptions to otherwise "free" content providers spells doom for your future bank account. Fight greed and capitalism or be destroyed by it.

That's just downright cringy to read. 

Youtube red doesn't put any free content behind a paywall, which is what you're implying. You're getting **bonus content** with youtube red, along with **no ads anymore** while also **supporting creators** AND you get **google play music** for FREE as a bonus. All that for 9$ a month. If that "spells doom for your bank account" you should be worrying about other stuff than web content creators and their sources of income.

Not only that, but so many youtubers have patreons now, so many people willingly donate to creators directly for bonus content. It's not even a source of controversy, unless it's youtube themselves doing it?

If you wanna "fight capitalism and greed" get some sort of a scientific degree and try to help the world, right now you're just yelling at the corner store cashier for asking money for that water bottle while you can get water at home for free.
I just noticed that whenever I see pieces of a foreign language I just completely skip over it and mumble some nonsense in my mind. I couldn't even come close to telling you what I just read if you asked me.

I mean what even is an "ð" anyway?
I live in Quebec, Canada. A francophone province in an anglophone country. I wouldn't even know where to start... There are so many.

Most often we do have an equivalent word but just decide to use the english one anyway. **"Toaster"** would be *"grille-pain"*, but if you ever say "grille-pain" in a conversation, you'll get some really weird looks.

If you're in a car, you **"break"**, you don't *"freine"*, you're telling a **"joke"**, not *"blague"*, and **"anyway"** rolls off the tongue way better than *"en tout cas"*.

Also we use "fuck" all over the place, it's like we *know* it's a swear word in another language so it adds *some* weight to what you're saying, but you wouldn't actually refrain from saying it in front of your grandma or anything.

There's actually hundreds of words that are exactly the same in both languages too, which makes things overlap even further. I only learned recently that "focus" isn't even a real french word, yet we use it all the time.
First year of secondary school (whatever the equivalent is in your country, the grade where you're 12-13 years old)

All of my good friends suddenly stopped talking to me. People started picking on me. Even though I did well through all of it, I started seeing school as an "option" rather than something I had to do. Started staring at the clock all the time and hoping time passes by faster.

I "entered the real world", realized people can be shitty, and went from an energetic kid to an anxious confused one. I'm mid 20's now and members of my family still look at me with this "where's this kid I used to know?" look.
You think that a normal non-shitty-commenter meat eater who sees this won't feel targetted whatsoever?

You genuinely think insulting a vague group of people as the top comment won't increase conflict?

I'd very strongly disagree with both of those statements.

Also with this one *"But I do think given all the shit we get, we have the free speech right in our own forum."* I'm not sure how free speech has anything to do with anything here, free speech isn't freedom to say anything you want without the expectation of repercussions, and it doesn't magically become more deserved after persecution either.
I'm unmeasurably confused as to where you're seeing me "threatening people so they act how I want", like, *very much so*. I'm just saying it's weird that the top comment here is preemptively insulting people who will come here to make silly comments about them eating meat. I'm just saying that if a meat eater comes and sees it at the top, it will do the opposite of convincing him to stop eating meat. That's literally all I had to say, if you see any more than that in what I wrote please know it's your imagination, and don't snoop in my comment history and draw weird conclusions, that's creepy, thank you.
I mean, ever been to a comedy show? They make jokes about slavery, 9/11, pedophiles, etc... Making a joke isn't making a statement. That's what I'm saying, if you guys genuinely freak out at someone commenting a silly "tasty tho" for internet karma points to the extent that you start insulting them before they even show up, you're never going to convince anyone of anything. So unless you're arguing that this subreddit's approach to the debate is to make it a war, then fine, but I don't think that's an effective way to get people on your side.

The last time I was on this sub I said something about the fact that a man hunting for his own meat is at least better than eating factory-farmed meat in many ways, and I got downvoted to oblivion. Just be aware that the general public sees vegans as very hard-lined borderline extremists, and that you should be doing things to *get rid of* this image, not encourage it, even if doing so feels good. If your goal is actually to get people to stop eating meat, that is. 
So the fact that it's common justifies insulting a generalized group before they even show up? Won't that just increase conflicts?
I don't know. If I saw the top comment being just someone saying "tasty tho" I'd giggle. Sounds like something meant to be funny. But regardless of what the comments actually would be, I'm just saying that it's weird that people here preemptively start to fight back against the opposing viewpoint and reduce it to this level.

I don't eat meat myself but I would never call myself a vegan for this very reason. Seems like this community is very divisive, and often uses argument based on morals/emotions rather than more basic fact-based info (ex; impact of animal farming on the environment) that would more easily reach meat eaters. I'm just sad that this is the second highest comment, it will only make your "opponents" mad. 

Like "oh you came here? Great we're already bashing your viewpoint and calling you names! Come in!"

That's not what we should be aiming for.
If this community calls anyone that eats meat and/or feels like making a silly joke on reddit "disgusting insensitive animal-abuse apologists" before they even have a chance to say a word, that's probably going to encourage such behavior.
[The station nightclub fire](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xY59mR44TLs). 

A fire starts in some basement night club during a show, everyone tries to get out through the same door, they all trample on eachother and get stuck in the door. You can hear a hundred people freaking the fuck out as they slowly suffocate and burn to death not knowing why they can't get out. I watched it a bit too high a bit too late, and it still makes me uneasy thinking about it.
It blows my mind too. Say whatever you want about capitalism and whatnot or wether or not anyone should have that much money, but it's just *weird* that throwing away something that could make a handful of people pay for everything they need in their entire lives is a ''meh, whatever'' type of deal for anyone.
Jobs. They don't define people as much as I thought.

I thought high education/high pay jobs were way more demanding and only a select few could do them. Turns out there are every type of people occupying every type of jobs. Shitty low-end jobs look way different now knowing what minimum wage is and what living costs are. 

Degrees and experience aren't as relevant as I thought, you can get into anything, and also fail at things you thought you were amazing at.
> ExtraLongMetricRulersAndMetricTapeMeasurers.com

I really hoped you weren't kidding, it seemed just crazy enough.
That's a thing? Where would you get that?
VR and AR is coming. More expensive than a tab of LSD, but *sooooomeday...*
>You're literally saying saying that you would say no over hair, no matter how good a person

No I'm *literally not saying that*.

But let's end that here because I skipped to the end and noticed you still dismiss the fact that people have preferences, and are *really* pushing to convince yourself I'm saying anything beyond that. I'm not sure what would convince you anymore. You're just completely dismissing appearence as a factor in what people like. So whatever, let's both keep enjoying whatever we like, have a good day.
Well sure, cold is fine. Shitty pizza is better the next day anyway, but frozen...?
Am I missing some reference or are you guys really that weird?
Well then I'm a sad shallow person I suppose.  I like people to shave as much as I like people who brush their teeth, put on deodorant, and use salicylic acid on their skin if they have pimples. I don't think I'm breaking new grounds here in saying that taking care of your body to be attractive is expected and kinda normal.

I was just pointing out that it's weird that you put the burden on the observer. As in, it's your fault for not liking "natural" bodies with hair all over. Well I don't know about you, but it's not really something I decided. I'd love to be a fully bisexual, anything-goes, no prefference at all, nothing can disturb me type of person, I could then be comfortable with 100% of the population. That's not how it works though, we have preferences, and shaving is a pretty common one. Probably as common of a physical turn off as obesity or body odor or skin issues. In fact it's literally the norm, so I don't think I'd even be weird if I asked this hypothetical perfect blue-haired girl why she doesn't shave her armpits.

This isn't some broad statement about the nature of humans or what have you, I just really disliked how you framed that. Preferences are not about "being ready to be around bodies", they're just preferences. If you don't mind hair good on you, but if you do preffer shaved people, you're not shallow or "worrying" about what others do too much. You're just not attracted to hairy bodies. It happens. Sorry I'm that way...?
No one talked about demanding anything. I'm just saying it's normal to have preferences and that this says nothing about what a human body "should look like".

>If you can't handle an adult human body, then why are you fucking around with adult human bodies?

What do you mean by that? You're not allowed to prefer when a body looks a certain way? 

Why are you fucking around with adult human body? Because that's our nature to want sex and proximity? Can we do that but also like shaved bodies...? I'm really confused. I like girls with colored hair, is that too unnatural too?
>And thanks to brain plasticity, those changes can be pretty permanent (in the sense that they won't be reverted by simply quitting)

Are we sure about this? I don't think either of us are scientists but I read a bunch about the subject and I thought ~unless you smoke daily while your brain is devellopping~ that all changes are reverted once you stop long enough for your brain to drain out all the extra cannabinoids.

I don't call it damage for the same reason I wouldn't call painting my bathroom turquoise "damaging my house". If someone comes up with a solid study showing that people who smoked weed daily for 5 years and then stopped for a year have a significant lower performance score in some area than they would have, then yeah, we'll talk about damage. Superficial changes like loving oreos a bit too much for the rest of your life or having different taste in music isn't brain damage to me.
You won some sort of genetic lottery, like people who will never lose their hair or people who can eat a bazillion calories a day and not gain a pound.
So basically no one's allowed to have aesthetic preferences without it meaning they're "not ready to be with other people"...? That's harsh
You might be talking about state or context-dependant learning. That's definitely a thing, but my point is cannabis will not harm your brain, if you fully stop smoking for a month to get all those extra cannabinoids out of your system, you'll be back to normal. Of course cannabis changes how your brain works, that's why we use it, but I wouldn't inherently call this "damage".
You're making some strong claims here, maybe not the best idea to start a conversation by telling me to "grow up"...

Of course you alter your brain. That's what drugs do, that's why we take them. Cannabis can hinder the brain's development if you are a heavy smoker while growing up, but as an adult it has essentially no proven harm, show me some studies if you have em. My main point was that the dose doesn't matter though, everyone has a different tolerence. I smoke (or rather vaporize) maybe 0.5g in two doses a day, and it gets me pretty damn high for the rest of the day after work, while some people can smoke like 50 blunts in a day and pretty much look sober.

I'm not even sure how saying cannabis is a depressant means anything. It's not inherently a bad thing, and it barely even is one, it's a muscle relaxant and has some sedative effects like some depressants, but the effects of some cannabinoids like CB1 do the exact opposite of what depressants do. But again, I'm not sure how that says anything about it causing brain damage. It chages how your brain operates while you're high, but stop smoking and you'll be back to normal.

Cannabis has been studied a bunch. "As a X, trust me" anecdote type of arguments are kinda meaningless. If it doesn't work for you, great, don't smoke. 
>a tree that likes to "say hi" at least once a day

Oh lord. Don't try that again anytime soon please.

To actually answer your question though; you're the only one that knows. The fact that you're making a Reddit post about it, and that you're *negociating with your wife about what you are allowed to do (really???)* kinda answers your question by itself. That's some really intesne stuff. Even weirder if you actually were hiding from her.

Half a joint a day is pretty much nothing as far as daily users go, you're on the very low end of the spectrum. You're never going to get ill or anything really serious from smoking weed, but if you do notice that it impairs your motivation more than you'd like, then stop. You have willpower, it's all up to you. Some people literally should never smoke while some people go through an ounce a day and pretty much look sober.


You're definitely *not* getting brain damage from weed no matter how much you're smoking.
Anywhere? Any podcast app? Download the file? 

Most people have shit to do and listen to podcasts while doing it. I don't know how I'd find 3 hours a day to sit down and look at Joe's face.
My first language is french and to be honest, growing up with Runescape, I probably learned more from the game than from english class at school. So many objects and actions and concepts associated with visual representations, it helped me expand my vocabulary really fast.
I'd edit that comment again, it's 2018 at the earliest. Let's not give false hope.
I dislike Trump as much as any other guy, but when Reddit rolled out the filtering option, I filtered /r/EnoughTrumpSpam first, before /r/The_Donald .

It goes above my head completely. I don't get the point, it's like Reddit is now the battleground for some culture war fought with immature shit, ridiculously over the top generalizations, and number manipulation. And no one even stops to think about it. There's so many /r/Xhate or /r/fuckX subreddits nowadays, just fighting eachoter with *upvotes*... 

So many self-contained bubbles of people patting eachother on the back. It's insane. I barely browse Reddit anymore honestly, I have a couple subreddits I visit for news from specific sectors, and I'll check out some specifically discussion-oriented subs sometimes, but the general Reddit ''culture'' isn't mildly funny memes and inside jokes anymore, it's angry immature political nonsense. It sucks. 
Can we, just for once on reddit, not go down the train where we wish horrible things on people? There's a reason the entire justice system isn't based on eye-for-an-eye vengence type shit. She was arrested, we'll see where that goes. You probably ate meat today and those cows were treated worse than that dog, so let's have *some* perspective and relax. Awful stuff happens everyday. Piling more awful stuff on top probably won't solve anything.
So we go down to that level and create hate subreddit? You said demonizing people is the right thing to do and I'm very skeptical about that, in fact I'd say it only makes things worse.
What age are we talking about here? Any more context? I'm from Canada myself and I've never heard of philosophy classes anywhere below college, I'm not sure what they'd be teaching to kids, I'm curious.
Pretty sure reducing birth rates would be a better option morally than killing people already alive (or letting them die, in this case)
It's psychological. We feel stressed out when our bank account is low, anxious when we have homework due soon, etc. We're not apes being chased by tigers anymore so our brain looks for things to worry about, and everyone needs some reassurance. If you've been brought up in a culture that accepts/encourages guns, that's probably what you're going to gravitate towards, even if it doesn't necessarily make you safer.
In what world is it? I mean in college/uni, sure, but I think this thread is about the mandatory 5-17 y/o period, because otherwise pretty much everything is taught *somewhere* if you look hard enough.
Can you name something economics-related that you would need in everyday life that you can't comprehend in a couple minutes of googling? I've always heard this being proposed, people raving about how children should know how money works.

I mean, I get my paycheck and I pay the bills. If I want a retirement plan, my bank provides free counseling. If I need to compare insurance companies, I can google it. I don't need and never will need to understand the stock market. If I wanna calculate loan interest I'll feed the numbers in a calculator that does it for me.

I'm just not sure what you'd actually teach in such a class.
Yes. I'm a vegetarian, which tons of people still believe is about morals or whatever, but I couldn`t care less about the philosophy behind it. We've always killed animals and I'm fine with that. It's just that the way we go about factory farming is extremely fucked up and environmentally destructive, and it's both easy and cheap to eat well without eating meat. If I had the opportunity to hunt a wild animal in a sustainable environment, I'd gladly eat it.
You'd be a really bad scientist.
There's some extremely worrying stuff on tumblr, and I've met many rational conservative people. Tons voted for Trump just because they didn't like Hillary and wanted to disrupt the status quo.

I just don't see the point in generalizing and dividing people like that. I don't know why you oppose those two specific groups, which are more caricatures than actual groups of human beings, too.
I'm not exactly a fan of waging culture "wars" bit I'd say rational discussion of actual policies is probably better than making subreddits with actually the word "hate" or "fuck" in them to create a bubble of people patting eachother on the back.
Like, *all* of them are nazis?
So we just generalize groups and casually hate each other online now? That's how we're going to improve the world?
>This is even worse. You're taking something that is part of many cultures for centuries and taking it away.

Pretty sure other drugs have all been part of human culture for far longer than cigarettes
1.6 litre of beer is "certainly not enough to get drunk"...? We have very different definitions of drunk then
[It's all about culture/perspective](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz7S4tCQhvo)
Found the little bitch.

*Oh, just in case;*

**/s /s /s /s /s /s /s This is sarcasm reddit, just a joke, a funny, please chill out /s /s /s /s /s /s /s**
To be honest, I'm a 22 year old white guy in a north american city, the perfect demographic for this stuff, and the only place where I observe it is Reddit complaining about it. 

I think it's like a really niche thing, most of my friends don't care how we speak or if we "offend" eachother (I'm still not sure what that term means. Feeling like you disagree? Sheesh, how unnatural) Maybe it's more common in California or whatever, but from what I can tell it's only a handful of people forming a loud minority generally speaking.
Google tells me a pint is 473ml. If that's right you're drinking about 4 beers a night, which isn't too awful.
This is a pretty striking case of the grass-is-greener type of situation. 

You're complaining that you're being paid to browse the internet.

There are people working at Mcdonalds or in Hospitals reading this. Let me tell you, on most days we'd swap places in a heartbeat. Heck I'd accept being paid below minimum wage to just browse the internet and I guess put some numbers on an excel sheet once in a while (or whatever it is you do in those 2 hours)
What are those jobs though?

I always see them mentionned on Reddit. Those "desk jobs" where I guess you sit in a cubicle and... Do things? But what exactly?

How do you end up having nothing to do? What are you supposed to do in the first place? Why isn't your employer giving you any work?

This is all very confusing for someone working in the service industry where "downtime" is just an old forgotten legend.
*Binge drinking* is the stupid part. In low ammounts (1-3 drinks) alcohol, even everyday has health [**benefits**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIEJvsDakj4).

You could drink a glass (or two) of wine every night and get reduced risk of heart disease, but if you go out binge drinking every weekend the harm will far far far outweigh the benefits. Alcohol would probably be *recommended* if it wasn't for the huge potential for abuse. The effect is so dose-dependant it's crazy.
>it all depends what you're trying to attain. But generally speaking

Meaning I'm speaking very *generally*. The usual north american diets contains lots of carbs and sugar (soft drinks, candy bars, bread, pastas, granola bars, cookies, processed stuff...) So it's nothing crazy to say that taking away empty carbs is probably a good thing. 

And an empty calorie has nothing to do with the goals of anyone, I mean it contains lots of energy (will fill you up) but little nutrients. Bread is great at that, a bagel is like 250 calories but nothing besides some traces of minerals as far as nutrients go, while cheese has a lot of protein, more fats, and more vitamins.

it varies for everyone, eat bread if you want. I just replied because you said cheese isn't a healthy replacement for bread, while generally speaking, it is for most people.
Nothing is quite inherently "healthy" or "unhealthy", it all depends what you're trying to attain. But generally speaking, yes cheese is better than bread. Bread is pretty much empty calories and mountains of carbs. Cheese has more proteins and fats.

Can confirm that it works just fine. I have dry eyes all the time and put artificial tears in my eyes that way. It's not messy if you do it properly. Also for most it's an unavoidable reflex to close their eyes, nothing about "being a fucking man", unless you'd also tell that to people swallowing their pills with water to avoid having them stick in their throat.
Some people (like me) instinctively close their eyes no matter what. It's a reflex, I'm not scared whatsoever, I know artificial tears aren't going to hurt at all, I just can't do anything about it. Just like some people who aren't actually afraid of needles will get a vasovagal response and faint when getting their blood drawn.
Same here. Of course when *doctors used to tell us they're healthy*, it was normal to start smoking. I have no beef against my grandma (or pretty much anyone over 60 in my extended family) but I don't get it with teenagers/young adults.

The weirdest part is that we have patches, vapes, gums... There are so many ways to stop now, and yet some people just keep going. There are even cigarettes healthier than others, or heck you could just smoke plain tobacco in a pipe and get some bonus style point, that would be *marginally* less cancerous. But no. The habit sets so deeply it's like they don't think about it whatsoever anymore. It's a really creepy drug.
...What?

That sounds like an extreme no-no, if I'd start talking about money as soon as I get in a cab I'd probably get thrown out. They have GPS and the price is calculated by the mileage/minute, why in the world would you try to mess with their company's policies? How would they get lost? Let alone *not go in the direction you tell them to go*, that's an abducter not a cab driver.

If this is really something to worry about somehow, just open google maps and look up directions, and if they deviate considerably from the proposed route politely ask them why.
It's completely arbitrary. I *sort of recognize* one of those faces. All the others are complete strangers to me.
I mean, it's kind of a shitty thing to do, but if you drive a car, eat meat, buy physical copies of books/music/movies, etc... You're also wasting resources. Life in a modern society implies a ton of stuff like that, and among all those, littering isn't actually that bad because someone will eventually pick it up. (insert that Louis CK bit here)

I mean it still sucks and don't do it, but I'm not sure how that's more baffling than any other crazy thing we humans do, especially in this specific situation where it's almost a form of protest more than anything, "there was a trash can there, I'll leave my trash here as I always did so then maybe you put it back" (I don't know if that's effective but that's a pretty clear logic behind it)
So you're going to absolutely ignore the one and only thing that spawned the comments you're waging a needlessly angry war against?

Do you honestly not see how that makes 0 sense?

But hey if I'm a dipshit and this is just entertainment I guess anything goes. Have a nice day.
I'm not defending anyone I'm giving you a wake up call. I don't think people need "defense" from an internet stranger's comments, but I think if you've been on reddit 4 years and still behave like that, you might need a little nudge.

No they're not my "virginal brothers" or "asshats" (???)

Claiming their opinion is the only valid one? That's precisely what OP did with a title like "Beautiful by anybody's standards". People replying here are just saying "actually no, not mine, so some people's but no mine". You've got it 100% backwards.

Yes your replies are shitty you're literally telling people to go eat a dick, and that they're worthless while completely unprovoked, and again, in reply to people saying they don't like a certain body type.

Yes it reached /r/all because some people like this, that hasn't been contested by anyone but your imaginary opponents. You're way too worked up about this.
Anal stimulation is great for (most) women, but porn made us all believe that means hardcore, fast, colon-puncturing penetration. I think a lot of em would benefit from just a buttplug. Gives some stimulation to the women, makes the vagina tighter for the men. Anal doesn't have to mean not being able to sit down for a week.
This is a picture of an overweight women that reached /r/all. The majority of the population doesn't like fat women. The majority of Reddit's userbase are young people, and everyone on here is anonymous. It doesn't take a rocket science degree to add all of this together and deduce that there would be comments here complaining about such a title ("anybody's standards"). In fact it almost sounds like OP's asking for controversy. 

I don't know why you're leaving shitty replies to everyone here, is she your sister or something? No one was even really awful as a matter of fact, only pointing out that it's actually not up to most people's standards, which is just true. It's childish that this conversation is even happening, but it's plain sad that you're getting so invested in this. It's business as usual. You complain about people having pre-defined constructs of what is 'chubby" and whatnot but then you go on to tell complete strangers they have tiny dicks and spend their lives jerking off in their basements.

Chill.
There's about as much cringe on here as there is creepy stuff on /r/creepy.
Oh, you poor innocent soul...

It's not instructions as in instruction manual. It should be called "direction" I suppose, but hey just look it up, you never know.
Depression is a state to be in. Like being exhausted, or happy, or aroused. It's not "you", it's not a personality trait like what kind of music you love. You can get out of it, so don't turn it against yourself. You're still here, so you've overcome *every single obstacle* in your life up to now. That's a 100% success rate, which I'd say is a pretty good track record. 

This too shall pass. Surround yourself with good people and seek help if you need to.
It could have been. If you still jave any troubles with it I'd advise seeing a professional, and not strangers on Reddit, but yeah that does all sound very familiar to me. Glad you're on your way up though
Can I substitue Significant other with VR headset and/or more fire extinguishers?
Being depressed puts you in a sad mood, but being in a sad mood is not like being depressed. 

That's what people get wrong.

You can't "cheer me up" or help me "put my mind to something else", because that's not how I think anymore. It's not like grieving over your dead pet, it's a weird mental state in which you are still 100% yourself, you still have your passions and interests, you still know you love your friends, but somehow the only mildly appealing thing seems to be staying in bed mindlessly half-watching videos all day.

You *can* make some moves to help someone with depression, it does have an effect to some extent, but don't expect profound "results", you're not cheering up someone who lost 200$ playing poker last night, you're dealing with someone with altered brain chemistry that will just think and process things differently for a while.
>they are just regular people

And isn't that terrifying? Regular people are extremely fucked up sometimes, except those ones have high-tech equipment, firearms, way more rights than you do, and will often be the ones to get out of any situation as "in the right" if any conflicts arises, regardless of whether that's true or not. They're also *required* as part of their jobs to enforce laws that no one agrees should even be a thing and are sometimes scientifically proven to be wrong/innefective.

It's not "the people", it's their duty and the power that's given to them to accomplish it that's scary. They do help society a lot, but when they're just walking around patrolling or whatever and not actually going after organized crime, I think they're a bit scary. Especially if you enjoy some specific drugs, like to get to your destination faster, or just if you're a student/some minority ethnicity.
I'm gonna go against you on the no booze thing, unless you're talking specifically to alcoholics drinking specifically beer. Tons of form of alcohol have very little calorie and unless you go crazy and drink several drink every day, it won't affect your calorie counting much at all.

Being on a diet is shitty enough as is, I wouldn't take away something that makes people happy or more apt to socialize from their habits if it's unecessary (alcohol consumption even has some proven health **benefits** in reasonable dosage, both physical and mental)

So yeah, if you down 5 beers every night you might want to look at what your life has become, but for other reasons than weight-loss.
If you eat perfectly steamed brocoli with a pinch of sea salt and think it tastes awful you've probably burned your taste buds with energy drinks or something for way too long. That shit's delicious.
Not if you don't augment your intake. I've been on one cup in the morning and one in the afternoon for years and it still most definitely works. Just don't end up like that coworker who has an extra large triple espresso americano with him through the entire workday and you'll be fine most likely.
This is how I felt about the Cosmos sequel with Neil Tyson. I think all science enthusiasts/scientists/educated people (and stoners) enjoyed it a lot, but it felt very preachy. Lots of "people used to believe THIS but with SCIENCE we found out it's actually like THAT" moments, which rubbed our ego but probably didn't burst denier's bubbles.

I hope this show takes a different directions
I simply cannot count anymore the number of Reddit threads I've seen where the first 10+ top comments are something along the lines of "I can't believe the comments down here, people are deplorable", and then no insulting comments anywhere to be seen.

I guess some people come in *really* early and reffer to two or three shitty people who are now burried in downvotes, but then why do people upvote those comments all the way up, putting aside any actual discussion? Too often it feels like Reddit is just a place to pat each other on the back.
meditation, exercise, cutting sugar.

Some people with actual depression could use clinical help and medicine, but I think so many people are just slightly depressed and feel "off" just because they don't care about their body. I was one of those. I'm glad I feel better now.
Is it really that common of a thing? I mean if you calculate the percentage I'm sure that just driving a car is still thousands of times more likely to kill you, right? I'm not sure people are stupid simply for being outside, there's technically a small chance of dying doing anything else too.
I uninstalled the game recently because I realized that while I was definitely having fun sometimes, more often than not I'd feel weirdly ''off'' after the game. Like I just went through something more exhausting than it should have been, felt on edge all the time.

I guess it's cool if you're a naturally competitive person, playing with a team of positive friends and whatnot, but as someone just playing the game in solo queue to pass time it just wasn't doing anything for me. Too frustrating yet weirdly addictive.
Tylenol isn't making her sleepy, that's placebo.

You can't get drunk off of cough syrup either, but some have dextromethorphan in it which makes you feel pretty weird if you take too much.
They talk *all day* without taking a breath at a volume that would be considered ''yelling'' to anyone but them, apparently. It's nothing special, but as an introverted mostly quiet person it just blows my mind how two people can literally yell all day and constantly have something else to say. It's insane; they start as soon as they get up and abruptly stop when they go to bed, at the exact same time every day. I mean one of them will be taking a shower (yes our walls are so thin I can pretty much know exactly what they're doing at any given time if I take my headphones off) and the other one will be yelling at her over the sound of the shower.

At least I don't understand their language, I can't imagine hearing someone yell all day and get inside their heads, knowing about their lives and problems and whatnot.
It's not. This is just this sub being /r/Im14andthisiscreepy again. They'll upvote a slightly blurry picture of a normal person on a security cam to the front page. I don't get it either, that's just a clown.
This sounds like the exact opposite of what you should do. Getting engrossed in a fantasy is the opposite of meditation. It's actually what most of us are fighting every night. Glad it works for you though...?
>Hearing that NSMB had them with four-player download play made me buy the game on just that alone. I can't even begin to count how many times I played Wanted with other people on long car rides and such.

Exact same situation. My dad was still borrowing my DS to try to beat my Wanted score years after I got the game. Those were pretty addicting before mobile games got any good.
This honestly felt like you guys were forcing yourself to express how "shitty" they are. 

For real, if I didn't know the beard bros I would almost guess you were paid to diss on those. Jirard just lets out "this is such a bad mechanic" after losing a game as a consequence of *literally not doing what you're supposed to do and just pressing go*. That's not "bad mechanic" that's you having so little patience you literally refuse to play the game.

They were extra content on a launch title of a 12 years old console meant to just be little games to play with this new impressive technology that was a touchscreen.

You spent so ridiculously little time on every game that you couldn't figure out any of the actual mechanic, like on the trampoline one if you make small trampolines they make mario jump higher, and you get used to the angles after like 5 minutes and the game becomes super fun. 

Or the wario one with the coins in the brick, "there's literally no way to do that" well yes, if you look where the coins go? Maybe more than 10 seconds in the game would have made you realise it's not RNG.

They're all "good". Sure there's nothing special about poker or a memory game, but those concepts have been around forever, they're not "shitty" just because you've seen them before. 

"What an awful way to end a series", well, sure Alex. If you spend half an hour letting out desperate sighs and complaining.

I enjoyed the series a lot as Mario 64 DS was one of the first video game I actually owned, but that final was disappointing and not because of the mini games.
Why are you (and most here) talking like this is news? There's a "Obama says weed should be legal" post on the front page every other week, heck he was saying it in his first campaign like a decade ago.

This has nothing to do with timing if he's been saying it (and doing nothing about it) forever.
He actually was pro-legalisation during his campaign like a decade ago now basically. And he's done nothing but allow the federal laws to become even more severe...
On one hand I want the new generation to be exposed to technology and the internet from an early age, so that they're familiar with it, so that it becomes second nature to them and we can make society progress further in terms of engineering and sciences.

On the other hand sometimes I wish we could give a 5000$ fine to anyone under 20 posting anything online under any circumstances ever.
I lived in Quebec city for 3 years and it's the only place I would recommend people visit in winter over summer. Old Quebec becomes a magical place when it snows, couldn't really explain why or how. The winter carnival probably helps.
Quebec is an extremely tourist-friendly city. You won't see anything that confirms our reputation of being hostile to anglophones unless you go knock on some old people's door in certain neighborhoods. Most people under a certain age have no issues with either languages.
No one talked about "abusing it for fun". The comic says "need it to be happy", and I'm sure you know dozens of people who would be slow, grumpy, and generally less comfortable without their morning coffee. Heck, I'm one of them.

Sure no one drinks 10 cups of coffee to get a "caffeine buzz" or what have you, but it's a drug that makes you functional/happy, and it has *massive* withdrawal symptoms for most people, like many other drugs. In other words; tons of people need caffeine to be at their desired level of happiness.
No one knows where the future will go, and I won't believe you based on "trust me", you're threading the line of /r/iamverysmart . People want to have biological children and this desire goes beyond logic. If you've never had a conversation with a women about having children that's fine but just know that it is a real position, and not just people who "havent looked into adoption"
I mean... You're "right", but it goes extremely far against everything our instinct tells us. Passing on our genes is literally our only "goal" as far as biology goes. If you don't feel the drive to do so fine but it's not just "an antiquated notion".
Sarcasm isn't allowed on Reddit
You can actually go to jail for weed?
So are we actually assuming this is real?

There are people so paranoid about *weed* that *while driving* they hide it in their own body?

What in the fuck? I knew prohibition was in full swing in the US but what's the common consequence for being caught with like an eight? It'd have to be a lot of money for me to put weed in my ass, that's for sure.
>Why is fat free listed as a benefit?

>How in the fuck can you be misinformed enough to shit on potatoes??

Oh, Reddit...
I just wonder why less fat is under benefits. Not looking to argue.
We need fats, and in broad terms reducing carbs is healthier too, and potatoes are almost nothing but that. In other words more fat would make a better ratio.

I mean it all depends what your goals are and what else you eat during the day, I just don't understand why ''fat free'' is listed as a benefit. It's kind of a downside in fact (probably would taste better, too)
> - They are nearly fat free.

I'm not sure how that's a benefit, this means that they're more carbs by weight, which is less healthy.  I'd have thrown some butter in there personally
I mean, he literally said on live TV while lighting up a joint that he was waiting for the cops to come get him, and let his other employees go home so they wouldn't be arrested too...
I'm not in Emery's head so I don't *know* the motivations, but it's kinda silly to put it like this. Like they didn't even notice Trudeau is for legalisation or something.

I think they're worrying he might drag this out until next election to get some voter leverage to be re-elected. The report from his task force that came out a couple days ago said we should expect it for *2019*. That is pretty far away, and from what I understand it would be way easier to pass AT LEAST decriminalization almost instantly (in political time, at least), which he hasn't done, so people are still being arrested by the police by something that both the majority of the population, AND the government in power agrees is not actually worth arresting people for. So who are the cops serving?

It just adds insult to injury, another layer of hypocrisy to this weird grey area. They probably wanted to show that weed stores can operate like any other store and not bother anyone, which they did. And then got arrested for it.
I don't get where this is going at all

You just said that we shouldn't believe what science says about cannabis. Then you talk about a documentary, and now a message from the director of some organisation. I'm talking actual published scientific paper. I don't think any of those have proven that weed makes you rape people or whatever you're saying, so yes, we should believe what *science* says, and also do more of it.
Meditation.

A lot of people suggest ways of seeing things, philosophies, techniques to trick yourself into being positive and gathered, and all those are wonderful, but meditation is the one actual *practice* I've found that works. I mean that and weed, but meditation is more reliable and also free. It's also solidly backed by science nowadays, it's far from the hippie BS reputation it had some time ago. I think it's the one thing literally everyone should do. The benefits become noticeable real fast, too.
I know about all this you said "science", a shitty biased documentary isn't science. We absolutely **should** accept what studies say about cannabis.
I mean, the dude *did* write out an anecdote in a convincing way which is actually empty if you take time to analyse it. That's what misleading people is. 

You can't measure your own REM sleep. You can notice other factors like how long it takes to fall asleep (with which weed definitely helps) and how many times you wake up during the night or whether you tossed and turned a lot (which weed also could reduce) but you can't deduce anything about REM sleep from any of this. Plus he uses this ''one night he didn't smoke before bed'' as an example. This will obviously skew the result, you'd have to compare after months of not smoking, once back to baseline, not in the midst of your brain re-adapting to missing cannabinoids.

Say what you will about him being a prick (and I don't think he even was, honestly) but this isn't about scientific studies anyway, it's about people defending weed a bit too much, which if you haven't noticed in this sub, you aren't paying attention.
>I mean if we're to accept whatever science says about marijuana then we're all liable to become batshit crazy as soon as we take one hit and might end up raping or murdering the entire neighborhood. 


...Can you point to any study that remotely says anything like this?
Because it's more like the male 95% than the male half.

Also you could have the exact opposite comment if it had your proposed title.

Plus I'm pretty sure a man needs to learn more about the cycle than a woman who already deals with it everyday and thus is familiar with how it works.
Trying to find some info on their website...

So, from what I understand they just sell regular tea and add powdered caffeine to it? (Oh, I'm sorry. "Natural" caffeine)

Can't you buy caffeine for way way way less and add it yourself? Don't want actual high-caffeine tea like sencha or gyokuro? Or how about buying L-theanine and keep drinking coffee, which has seemingly more health benefits than tea does?

Just trying to see if there's anything about Zest beyond marketting.
"The government" isn't a single guy. People in it change every couple years. Like 20 years from now you won't have a single person in government who supported prohibition.

Same for "big pharma". It's millions of people. I work in  pharmacy and I have nothing to do with any of this.

Look at the states that legalized weed in the US and see all they can do with the tax money. It's a really complex issue and saying fuck everything definitely won't help. I hope you change your mind and don't end up supporting the black market once it's legal, no matter who sells it.
As long as it's taxed and we end up swimming in money like Colorado I don't care who owns the shop, personally.
There are tons of pictures of people lining up outside, there are 10 shops, and I'm struggling to find *any* info on opening hours, prices, selection, or literally anything really. This is weird.
Really? We're expecting to pay 280$ an ounce once it's legal?

That's kinda sad
Alternatively; Everyone in early december vs everyone in february
Lol

*-Canada*
You know there are people way richer than him actually fucking up the world economy. We don't even need to make things up.
What is considered "illicit production" if growing your own plants is simultaneously legal?
I'm glad your anecdotal experience turned out great. It doesn't for most people. Beating your kids isn't an "oh come on" matter anymoren, grandpa.
That rules out video games. But I love them though
Because I want to see it when it comes out? On a big screen with a great sound system?
Sure I want people to be friendly. When there *has* to be an interraction. In a setting like this, a movie theatre, there's no awkwardness, I'd be there to watch a movie. Best case scenario is I don't even think about the fact that there are other people there.
As an introvert with no intent to harm anyone; No, please leave me alone.
This applies to pretty much any work environment nowadays. It's crazy that memorizing is still held up as a sign of competence. I just graduated in pharmacy, and had to memorize the name and classification of so many drugs I don't know how my brain still functions anymore. And what do I do in an actual situation where I don't remember what a drug's generic name is now? I look it up. It takes seconds.
Yeah the whole song sounded pretty robotic, like pre-recorded even.
I don't get it either
I've spent hours on Reddit every day for 3+ years and never saw it. I guess there *is* a reason to repost sometimes.
I think what would have made me let them know is crippling anxiety rather than honesty.

Like, there's no way no one will notice, right? I have to tell them before they start thinking I'm going to keep my mouth shut and keep all this money I didn't earn. The consequences would probably be way worse.
I haven't done *that* much research on this (not from the US; it's not really even a subject anywhere else) but it seems like the advantages are anywhere from non-existant to very minor. Just clean your dick when you shower. You'll be fine.
>can't remember

Everything that happens in childhood affects how you grow up. Heck, talk to any pregnant women and she'll tell you she alters the way she lives to make sure her baby has the impression everything out there is great, avoiding stress and all.

It would be pretty much impossible to do a study on this, but it's just logical to assume that a traumatic event like cutting part of your penis would *most likely* have an impact on your mental state forever.

But the real reason we should wait until adulthood is that pretty much not a single grown adult would willingly decide to be circumcised. 
You guys are adorable. 
Have you ever had roomates?

I would'nt move in this prison cell, but I'm more than okay with paying a lot more for rent to live alone. You definitelt don't "just share a toilet" when you live with someone.
Wait, it wasn't Italy's?
It's a picture of a cake. I don't know how people could possibly discuss game mechanics or talk about how to balance the in-game economy here. It's going to be jokes. And if it's jokes, it's all jokes or no jokes. If you're offended by the word ''fuck'', fine, but I don't know how you're managing to browse Reddit at all.

I don't see how it breaks any rules either, flaming or trolling or insulting someone directly is one thing, but vulgarity by itself directed at no one isn't hurting anyone but those looking to be hurt.
Anything regarding cigarettes somehow bypasses my usual disapproval of the government telling people what to do.

It's just so dumb that I'll pretty much support any crazy ruling around it, if it leads to a net reduction in the number of people smoking.

If at least cigarettes got you high or something, but no. They're expensive, they hurt you, they hurt others, and they make society as a whole less efficient through all the measures taken to accommodate people for them. It's literally the one commonly used drug which has nothing but downsides. I'm more understanding of elderly people who started 50 years ago when *fuckin doctors recommended it*, but it's beyond crazy to me that anyone would start smoking nowadays.

Make it as inconvenient as humanly possible. Put a 500% tax on them. Mandatory government funded nicotine patch treatments. Fine people who don't go through and keep smoking. Just make everyone stop already.
Addiction is addiction, you won't see someone hooked on nicotine steal from their family and lie to their friends because they don't need to, because it's legal, easy to get, and not really taboo. If cigarettes were as illegal as heroin, people would be acting exactly the same way if not worse. It would be creepy.

I don't know about you, but I inhale unwanted cigarette smoke several times *every day*. Including from people I know who just light one up without even thinking. And I've *never* seen anyone inject heroin right in my face. Plus that wouldn't even affect me since I wouldn't be breathing anything in. So I think the comparison isn't too crazy.
Plus this probably took like a minute and a half to film. When you live in a place that has harsh winters you just give up on caring about the cold at some point, if I'm just walking to the garage to get something I'm not putting on a coat and gloves and a scarf and whatnot. Yeah it's cold, but so what? You're outside for like a minute, and you're not touching anything that conducts heat so you'll be fine.
That's the most rational and stereotype-free reasonning I've read on Reddit concerning not smoking weed. Bravo
That's why most people vape/eat it now. Also I'm 100% sure you know at least 5 regular Joe's who smoke sometimes and you just don't know.

Not trying to convince you to try it, just to dispell the "lazy stoner" stereotype, because I hate still having to hide it in this day and age to avoid being judged.
Because pretty much everyone would rather work than take care of 8 kids, investing more time than you have and more money than you could ever make.
Came to this thread expecting "you clearly don't know anyone in the healthcare world" to be at the top, but this is basically the same sentiment.
All the podcasts I listen to just do a 5 minute~ish of ads in the beggining which I can easily skip. I don't have Netflix. I would have to if podcasts I liked moved to it. This is a bad idea.
Which sucks because 5% of the time it's actually a pretty useful subreddit with stuff you wouldn't think about doing. But it seems only the ''duh'' type of stuff gets any attention
AOFT: Yeah I was a dumb kid too. 

I got the Super Mario Bros 3 gameboy port when I was like 8, and I vividly remember beating it in a bit over a month (of playing hours a day) and feeling bad about visiting my grandparents who had bought it for me. I felt bad that they would have spent money on something that I was ''already done with''. As in, I thought that 40 days of playing all day was a pretty good time for a playthrough. I don't even know what I could have been doing, certainly not actually trying to beat the levels.

Nowadays I can beat it in an afternoon, and speedrunners can beat it in minutes. My younger self is just embarassing.
So eye-for-an-eye type of stuff? This was an error. Every error in the healthcare world is severe, but it's still an error. 

"How does this ever happen?" When you work in an environment where you have to serve hundreds of patients a day and where not everyone works *exactly* the same way, so things can potentially get mixed up no matter how organized you are. The error rate will never be 0, and sadly this time, this fraction of a percent actually killed someone.

It's very sad, but it just terrifies me (especially as a pharmacy tech) that the upvoted comments are always the "put them all in jail" kind. This won't help, and with the shortage of doctors/pharmacists, might also just make a lot of people's lives harder for no reason other than satisfying vengeful thoughts.

Error reporting systems is probably the best thing we can do (well, next to replacing everyone in the healthcare industry by a robot/program)
You're one of the very very rare cases then, for most people, going to the gym makes you feel like you've already reached your goal for the day, and makes your body **crave** food, actually more food than the calories you burned. Studies seem to show that Diet vs Diet+Exercise have basically the same outcome for weight loss. Plus, a good diet is reached through home cooking with real ingredients, something that tons of people barely have time to do with their busy shcedule, and adding an extra hour or more with commute to go to the gym on top of that won't help.

[Great summary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCtn4Ap8kDM)

EDIT: (But glad it worked for you though!)
This is getting really sad really fast
You know, I see this idea all the time and although I haven't been to college I don't really get it. You're home by 4PM, what the hell keeps you from going to sleep? I don't really believe you have **7+ hours** of homeworks to do every night. Right?
Is public transit any good in LA? When it gets *this bad* I just hope on a train or bus, this looks like you're probably going 0.5km/h and I think that's hard to justify
> You can be fat, which is fine since it doesn't hurt anyone but you yourself

Eeeehhh, I can think of many ways in which it affects others. And not all of them are nitpicky (although those ones would be valid too)
It's weird how you start off by saying she has a disorder and end with saying something that implies you have no idea how it works.
> but I like to read more than one book a day

Are you doing some pretty intense scientific research or just mildly insane?
I hope we come up with better policies and inform people. 

I'm gonna go out on a limb and say my solution is probably better than yours.
Weird, I thought it was the worse of those interviews. I like both of them and their work, but at some point I just can't stand anymore of Joe going ''I can't believe mainstream science isn't licking your feets yet'' and them gloating over how they've been shamed and ignored and theorizing on the biases of the entire scientific community at once and whatnot. We get it, you guys are underdogs, but I think the last thing that would help you is to keep framing all scientists as egotistical people.

It's fine to mention it once, but I gave up like an hour in because that's *all* they were talking about, Joe just kept bringing it back up. ''I can't believe this isn't mainstream science'' must have been said at least 25 times in this podcast.
Same here, I know it's not quite legal on paper yet, but it will be. I don't feel ashamed to say I do anymore, when both the majority of the population (according to recent polls it's like what, 74% who have no problem with it?) AND our government think it's fine, there's no one to hide it from but bigots, really.
I had a roomate who piled up trash under his bed and behind his door, so in the rare occasions we'd actually get a gimple at the inside of his room it looked pretty normal. 
But that's the weird part; He *was* a pretty normal guy. In good shape, smiling and friendly, and pretty smart. It's so weird to me that seemingly sane individuals who obviously have most of their shit together can somehow live in complete filth and ignore it.
Sugar is bad for you, not fat. 

It's probably not the *best* kind of fat, and I doubt the quality of the meat is top notch, wouldn't recommend eating it for every meal, but it's far better for you than a lot of stuff, like anything too sugary.
Unstable internet is still a much more common issue than you'd expect
Nah, I'm just saying it feels like any other big north american city; diverse, open-minded, and interesting. As opposed to the rural areas that give Quebec its reputation. I just took a generic city to compare.
>everyone lost that day

Except, you know, most people.

This is why Quebec has a bad reputation, we still have people whining about an event most people on Reddit weren't even alive to witness.
Older folks in small villages  (Where I grew up, for instance) are still not quite over with the whole separation from Canada thing. A bit close-minded, and slightly worried about "losing their culture" and whatnot. Typical rural stuff, really. Once you move to Montreal AKA New York 2.0 everything is fine.
>Can we accept already, the likeliness of marijuana being carcinogenic?

I mean, it might? But if it does it's relatively small, since studies done up to now show no significant link. So what, should we be worried to death about apples too because we've not *literally tested every molecule in them*?

And sure the actual act of smoking makes it worse. That's well known and also why vapes are becoming increasingly popular.

>Again, I am not saying outright that cannabis is carcinogenic

So what are you saying? I actually read the whole paragraph again and I'm not sure. You're asking people to vape instead? 

>I'm always reading here, "Oh, you have to be pre-disposed to those conditions." You have to be seriously naive to think that this line of thinking

>you don't know what you have until you have it.

So you're not really saying it's not true, just that people should be more aware they might have something? I'm sure there's a point in there I just don't see it.

I mean I could do like a couple dozen people already did and "debunk" your shit and ask for sources, but the only thing I'm actually wondering is; Who was this for? Your complaints are so broad, and even though sometimes contradictory, they're mostly common sense. Like not trusting the purity of opioids on the black market (...duh) Did you see a bunch of kids/teenagers say nonsense about drugs on this sub? Do you honestly think they will read this wall of text? I'm confused.

I think the misinformation problem will be solved on the scientist side of things. More open-minded laws -> More funding -> More exposure to good research -> +++Time. Not yelling at people that they don't know what they're talking about because no one *really* knows yet. 
Why is this on Offbeat though...?
It's a president, not a king. He doesn't have the ultimate power to press a big red button and start WW3 the day he gets into office. There will be a *lot* of resistance to his ideas, not the least of which putting the US in a ridiculous ammount of debt by building a 2000 mile long wall **when planes are a thing that exist**.

Clinton was careless, dishonest, vengeful (literally asked why we weren't bombing individuals to get rid of them), but above all, ''business as usual''. I think that amidst all the nonsense, this will at least serve as a test to see how well the political system holds. This is such a shock that no one really can tell what will happen, but *something* will happen. And as a natural optimist, I think there's some good in that.

Trust the people you know and respect, and don't judge anything based on social media. Wait until he actually gets in office and tries to do stupid things.
>It's conceptually MIND-BLOWING to me that half the country could fall for that in any way

He got 59 million votes, that's more like 18% of your country's population. Let's not freak out *that* much. That's a relatively low number of people.

>I've also noticed Trumps temperament reflected on his voters with almost a "nyah nyah, we won, you lost!" mentality

From what you saw on Reddit? Don't forget that this is mostly a crowd of child and teenagers just meme-ing around, I'm sure a ton of people voted for him just to avoid voting for Hillary, or just old people who simply voted Republican forever and didn't bother questioning it, or people who actually agreed with some of his reasonable-ish policies. Not everyone is a /r/the_donald idiot.

>and anyone who thinks we can be above losing what we worked hard to earn because half the country was too self-involved to research is INCREDIBLY infuriating.

Again, I think you're framing this under a single-line-of-reasoning picture. Hillary was an absolutely awful candidate too, that's what ''doing research'' would have revealed to them; they're both awful. I'd bet a big part of the people who voted for Trump didn't feel quite good about it themselves. The loud minority has gotten to you a bit more than it should have IMO.
Really? I hear them arguing about whether to set the building on fire *or* slowly flood it by leaving the water running.
I get pizza out of the oven balancing it on a spatula and sort-of holding it with a fork, because I'm too lazy to buy anything that would make this easier. And I have no justification to do so, because I still never dropped one. 

This whole thread is perplexing. 
>IT'S BEEN OVER A YEAR.

Yeah, here in Canada, our last federal election was "the longest in recent history" and the media couldn't shut up about it and how overly long it was. It lasted about 70 days. HOW DO YOU HANDLE A YEAR OF CAMPAIGNING??? What is it even for? And why is it so much about the personalities rather than the policies???
...That's what I was saying?
Sperm is not a bacteria though. It would die but for other reasons.

I was gonna say ''everyone should know that'' But then again tons of people take antibiotics to fight off viruses... So hey.
I don't know where you live, but they need *drastically* better sex ed classes if you genuinely believed it could be possible.

Sitting on a public toilet is safe too, btw. And pools are fine too.
You think Vice would have interviewed the 13 year olds? Of course there are always some creepy old dudes. But if you go to any of those streams and look at the chat and donation comments, it's obviously kids and teens mostly.
Oh, you're right. I remember my teenage years too, back when it was physically impossible to get booze or porn as well. 
I reassure myself by trying to remember that they are most likely 10 - 16 years old. In fact I do this with Reddit too. It's mostly kids on the internet nowadays. Still cringy, but less than if you thought some 31 y/o was watching this stuff.
I don'T think it's about being ''lucky''. There are dozens of ways to use every drug, but the two main reasons to smoke weed are 1.) To make time go by 2.) To alter your brain with a specific goal in mind. I actually almost exclusively know people in group 2. Group 1 people are boring and usually have such a high tolerance from smoking it all the time that they're impossible to keep up with anyway. If I smoke weed and just sit on the couch I get really paranoid about the fact that I'm not doing anything.
I think half of the responses here are made to troll people. Coconut water? Jelly beans? Exotic fruits? Fuckin' tomatoes? The main ingredient in like all sauces? Nonsense
[When you're Canadian and you hope your neighbours don't fuck things up *that* much](https://sep.yimg.com/ay/artsheaven/portrait-of-a-monk-in-prayer-9.jpg)
That's like 100x more confusing.
I think the overwhelming majority of kids (aka: all of them) lack a ''magically stop crying'' button.
Not into sports, so I can't imagine why anyone would riot (or take any action in their life whatsoever) based on some unrelated ball tossing event, but if they do, wouldn't they riot when they *lose*? The handful of times I heard about people doing stupid shit because of a sport game, it was because ''they'' lost. If there's a riot whether a team wins or loses, then wtf?

Where is that a thing? It gets to -40 ''in the middle of winter'' 'round here. No one wears shorts.
Pb&j sandwiches are basically a candy. It's sugar on sugar on fat. So of course it'll taste amazing. Just don't see it as an actual meal though.

Granola bars and cereals is still just carbs too. I ain't your dad but EAT YOUR VEGGIES or you'll regret it down the line
I'm pretty sure there's no other options than it being from a grow
Just as an aside; If you are getting into this stuff to lose weight, keep in mind that what you *don't eat* is much much more important than the exercise you do. Too many people give themselves ridiculous workout goals which they inevitably give up on, or end up eating more to compensate for the calories lost as a ''reward'' for working out. As a very broad rule of thumb; Just eat a bit less overall, less processed foods, less carbs, and more vegetable.

As for cannabis, I'd say just try it out. I used to take 2-3 hits from a vape before my workout, and it definitely makes the time go by faster. It worked wonders for cardio. Elliptical? Bike? Stairs? Who care I have my headphones on and the music just carries me through it. It seemed to hinder strenght training a bit, though. I felt awkward and slightly weaker, and used to give up a little sooner than i should. Nowadays I don't vape before workouts anymore, I'll just go on a mostly empty stomach (a coffee, a piece of dark chocolate, and some type of supplement)

The role cannabis plays in my workout nowadays is post-exercise, as a muscle relaxant. Workout -> Cold shower -> Couple hits -> Healthy meal.  Try to workout at the earliest possible time in your day. Some people get up an hour early before work to get their workout in, and I'd say they're probably not too crazy.

I had to scroll farther down than I thought I would to find a reference to the username...
*Note* 7. I don't want people to think I'm a threat with my regular Galaxy 7
So, concretely, how different is this really from any country where a leader is influenced by lobbyists and interest groups and whatnot?

Genuine question, I get that this is big news and whatnot, as there is actual proof now, but how is this "special"? "The biggest scandal ever" or "something that puts the whole country in a state of horror"? And if said oligarchs pushed their leader to take decisions the population disagreed with; what does it really matter if he took the decision himself or did so after being briefed by people with specific interests?

Maybe I'm just used to corruption being a normal part of government. I'm not sure what's the difference between a handful of multi-billion dollars corporations influencing government vs a handful of also-very-rich people doing so. The article doesn't state any actual awful things being done.
...But LPT also told me to prepare *everything* in advance the day before so that I don't have to do shit in the morning. 

So which is it???
Or just; ITT people making fun of a fad as always happens?
This is /r/trees, where everyone is constantly at a [9], unless you smoked a bit more than usual, then you're at a [13]
It gets *insanely* cringy at 15:30
A ~30 minute game of league of legends is maybe... 25mb? (I tether my connection to my PC through my cellphone to play off of my mobile data because it has a better ping than my shitty appartment's wifi) So yeah it's nothing, it's more about the ping than the ammount of data.
I guess I'd drink cocoa all day if I didn't have anything to get done.
That's a weird way to describe meditation. Or at least, it could give off the wrong impression.

Meditation isn't about not thinking, it's about exercising your brain, like a muscle, at the task of seeing a thought and not getting engrossed in it. You'll still have weird negative/violent/uncomfortable thoughts all your life no matter what, but you can "train" yourself to let them go. Meditation builds a map of your brain so you can more easily locate the chilled out zone and go back to it on the spot.
Tons of people are on prescribed amphetamines (yes, even actual meth, usually sold as "Desoxyn") and have no problem taking them responsibly and even stopping. Even if I "trust you".
I'm not sure how the mainstream media makes you educated, or how not watching it prevents you from being active. You only need to know about today's TOP STORY if you want to have the same conversation as everyone else at the office. That's pretty much all mainstream news provides you with, if you can find literally anything else to discuss with your peers, you won't feel like you're missing anything. 
Going to bed?

If you don't have time, make time. If you have insomnia, try a couple OTC things or see a doctor. Don't trust internet strangers recommending you stuff. I'm not sure there are "tricks to getting enough sleep" other than, getting enough sleep.
I can probably predict the answer given the sub I'm in, but; isn't minecraft more beneficial to a develloping mind than reading a book? We all get smartphones early on now, it's not like there's a lack of things to read.  Develloping creativity though, that's an harder opportunity to come by.
Are the comments here sarcasm or is everyone just playing dumb? "You can't eat music, troll"

Has no one heard the "give a man a fish" thing before? You guys really think helping people sustain themselves for half a day with no hope of improvement does more for society than a popular song with a positive message shifting the direction of culture as a whole?

Yes, ffs, feeding yourself comes before listening to a good song, there's nothing clever in commenting about this. The comments here are taking this to ridiculous levels.
Tablets have fillers. When you buy tylenol the pill you're holding isn't one solid brick of acetaminophen. There are tons of drugs with minuscle effective doses, which is why they're sold in diluted forms instead of pure; so that it's super hard to accidentally take way too much.
If you're building a super expensive PC, chances are it's for video games. Playing video games is still seen as a "waste of time" by society overall.

I mean, those are sold in the Toys aisle in stores, they're for CHILDREN!
The black blocks are actually for Wario to break, but hey you found a weird way to get em anyway. 

Also you should dive! I haven't seen you do it once, it's a great way to kill enemies without the awkwardness of trying to land on their head, and it also adds a lot of range to your jumps. Could have saved you a couple times (like coming back from behind that log)
I know this circlejerk has been overdone and that this discussion is never really leading to anything, but as a responsible adult who smokes weed and doesn't really drink, it really puts things back into perspective when everyone at work raves about how they can't wait to be home to "down a whole bottle of wine. Or TWO, HAHAHA" while if I mention I take *one hit from a vape* before going to bed I'll be looked at as if I was a hopeless addict with the inability to live through life "without help from a drug".
Boba *driiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiink*
I've stopped counting the number of times where I came to a thread on this sub expecting the crowd's opinion to go one way, and found out it went the exact opposite in an angry and borderline violent manner. It's like a ton of people hate being here but come anyway.
Eh, or you can just enjoy endorphins, reduced stress, and the general advantages of being in shape. I think that's giving false expectations to people; working out is working out. It's "fun" because of the results, unless you want to get *reeeeaaaaal* into like, wall climbing or some other expensive impractical stuff, you won't have "fun" working out, but you should still do it.
As someone that has never even looked at it, what's good about it? Google maps is so fast and reliable. Does it account for road construction detours? That's the one thing that would make me switch over.
Yeah sure, /r/thathappened
Probably my favorite episode yet, so many of the jokes were just spot on
So is the next game changing or you guys forgot you already told us it's IWBTG? Because I *reeeally* want that to happen.
Those type of comment almost make me as mad as those people protesting.

Yeah sure, "stop being stupid, that's stupid. Problem solved"

Great. That'll do it.

I mean I know this is just a reddit circlejerk of left-leaning, progressive, open-minded atheists and whatnot, that you're just preaching to the choir for karma and not presenting this "solution" to the UN or something, but it's really kinda sad that this is the level of discussion here. Even by itself, the argument makes no sense, try applying it to anything else. "Let others do whatever the fuck they want if it doesn't physically hurt you" so should we like stop advertising campaigns against cigarettes because smokers should just be left alone? Or should we care because treating their avoidable cancer will use *your* tax money. 

I mean that's kind of a stretch for a comparison, but point being; Big big **big** cultural decisions most *definitely* do affect you even if you're not gay yourself. Economically, culturally, politically, etc. As weird as that sounds, if those people *truly* oppose gay marriage that much, I'm glad they made this protest, so that we can outright look at the scale of the issue, and come up with real solutions for it. (AKA, better than "stop being mean you're not even gay" type of stuff)

I'm all for equality but this sort of simplified viewpoint makes you *waaaaaaay* easier to attack for those religious nuts. Just like you're reducing them to basic easy to insult units.
It's probably made out of dark matter or some shit and we can't change its physical proprieties even if we tried.
[They definitely did](https://rawfoodsos.files.wordpress.com/2010/01/avos51.jpg). It's just not perfect yet.
Ok so they *look like* fleas, and they *scratch* on your skin. I just thought maybe it was one of those instances where people use the same name for a different regional bug. Like "daddy long legs" which can refer to like 2 or 3 completely different things.

All that aside, sure I nope the fuck away from them too.
The really weird ones don't bother me too much because they stay several weird keyword searches away. The annoying ones are the ones like feet, fake moaning, unrealistically rough anal, spit, and pissing (squirting) which seem to unexpectedly show up at some point in like 90% of porn videos. I wish "actual normal no bullshit sex" was a more common tag.
But they're not though. You have a great imagination I suppose! (and are probably healthier)
Well since they [looked like this](https://rawfoodsos.files.wordpress.com/2010/01/avos51.jpg) before we modified them, I guess the better question is "why is selective breeding not perfect?" or something.
>digging into your skin

>demon fleas

...Are we thinking about the [same bug?](http://slice.seriouseats.com/assets_c/2010/04/20100415-june-bug-thumb-625xauto-84311.jpg) 

I hope they can't actually bite or anything
It definitely should terrify you. If anything that's the one thing people are really really really not afraid of enough. It kills tens of thousands every year and some people do it without paying any attention. And then most people are afraid to fly, which is *waaaaay* safer.
Avocados are ridiculously healthy, they're a wonderful fruit, but sadly I can't eat them anymore because I've forced myself to eat under/overripe ones as to not lose a dollar too many times, and now the taste makes me gag, even if I catch them in the ~4 hour window where they're perfect...

Also of course when you *do* manage to cut one open at the right time, it looks [like this](https://healthylaps.files.wordpress.com/2010/01/img_00202.jpg)
You mean when they feel like they dissolve into sand in your mouth and haven't developped literally their only appeal (sweetness) yet?

I sure hope you are alone. *You monster.*
Using a potato to film a video of some guy we can't understand playing on a phone with a broken screen held by someone with parkinson's.

You doin' okay Reddit? I thought you had *some* standards.
That's not how the word is used at all anymore though.
This sounds like the type of things where you intend to try out a bunch of solutions, and the first one *sort of* works so then you just stick with it without a second thought.
While I do wash them, I wonder what difference it makes if you try them on at the store. You probably already came into contact with the potential bacterias on it once, it won't change much if you wear it all day vs 5 minutes.
Wasteful but healthy. Toppings are nutritious and tasty, crust is literally a mountain of carbs. I could see someone a little too rich doing that and it would make *some* sense. It's kind of the opposite of chicken skin lady.
Eh, guess I'm in the minority here. I don't *hate* joints, I'll hit it if one gets passed around, but it wastes soooooo much weed, you gotta keep an eye on it with a lighter in hand, it takes paper, filter, and some tools to shove the weed in there... I bought a portable vape years ago and I'm still not bored of the fact that the process of getting high takes virutally no time at all.
Please tell me this is somewhere on the internet
I don't get these type of comments.

We're on a forum, the point here is to discuss stuff. You could whip out the "do what you want and let others do what they want" stuff for almost literally everything. What's the fun in that? I don't think anything negative is coming out of the discussion here, no one's threatening to murder a fan of a device they don't like. Worst thing that could happen is wasting your time. Just let it happen.
Yeah I'm confused as to how this is cringe-y. This is just "eh whatever", cringe would imply someone did something embarrassing, hopefully unknowingly. This is just an intentionally shitty drawing.

I don't get it.
Amphetamine and Adderral are the same person though
It's one thing to think there are exceptions, it's another to literally bury a comment in downvotes for stating an accurate generalisation. I think sometimes people just jump on the bandwagon, people liked /u/BoSquared 's comment, so literally any reply to it would get downvoted no matter what. It's super strange.
This is literally the most fleshed out, straight to the point, sarcasm/humor free respond you could possibly give and you're being downvoted. Sometimes this community just doesn't make sense. The meme itself is massively upvoted, but re-stating exactly what it says is controversial somehow. What?
Sure it's not "defensible", what upsets me is the level of discussion here seems to be rehashing old arguments and sprinkling them with anger, along with painting Kratom as being perfect. Everything else is fine, I too disagree with the DEA's decision, it's just silly that we're approaching the issue this way, the world of pharma is ridiculously complex and what we want are **studies**. 

If you want to change the world, either fund studies or go get your PHD and conduct them, or if you can't do either of those (fair enough), don't spread inflammatory articles that ask people to "wake up" and keep yelling about "natural plants" and paints an inevitable outcome of the market as literally the devil. In other words, everyone *knows* the obvious, no one needs to be told the very very basic facts, the discussion shouldn't be about how Kratom is safe, but about how we can fix this weird system and/or document drugs better. Just my two cents.

It's the same thing with cannabis, I just can't stand weed activists anymore and all those debates about how it's just a safe plant and big pharma is evil. What does that ever do? Nothing. People were way more intense about wanting to get weed legalised back in the 70's, didn't really work there either. What changed the cannabis scene was scientific research, and people investing in it, both in terms of dispensaries and lab producing reliable strains and testing individual cannabinoids.
I was expecting Linus Torvalds. I mean, he basically owns this name as far as I'm concerned.
There are so many reasons why this article and this thread about it are ridiculous, where to even begin... 

* *anonymous.com*...

* The whole header of the article has this "natural plant VS EVIL CHEMICALS IN PILLS" thing that we've been fighting against for years and is just some /r/im14andthisisdeep material at this point.

* They are placing it in schedule one *temporarily*, namely because there is no appropriate category in which to put a substance that is either a recreational intoxicant or a utilitarian stimulant and also a newfound drug.

* The **only link in the entire article** directing to "the latest research on Kratom" links to a *year old* article with the *opinions and observations* of *two* doctors with no reference to any study whatsoever.

* A bunch of nonsense comparisons between opiates and kratom with no statistical relevance since the number of people using either are vastly different and one isn't monitored through the healthcare system at all.

* ["Please share this article to wake other people up to the fact that the DEA is only operating as the guardians of the big pharma monopoly!"](https://cdn.meme.am/images/300x/12528293.jpg)

I mean... Don't get me wrong, from all the anecdotes out there it seems like Kratom could be very beneficial, and perhaps placing it in schedule one, even if only temporarily, will cause trouble to people using it safely. But if this sub is to be judged by the top comment here, simplifying the entire world of pharma to little angry goblins trying to do nothing but hurt people, I'll have to unsub and stop recommending it. 

The whole discussion down here is black and white, ignores that kratom has its imperfections, namely that it can definitely trigger addiction and most definitely causes withdrawal symptoms. Stop with the "natural plant" stuff, think about economics, politics, and motives at play, and let's actually try to propose solutions instead of yelling at made-up little demons. This reclassification is not the first nor the last unfair thing that our system has done, but understanding the mechanics behind it might help.
Elon Musk
If that saves thousands of lives and billions of dollars and makes everything faster, smoother, quieter, yeah I'll walk a 10 minute detour to a bridge as a pedestrian. I don't see how this makes a city "belong to cars" anymore than roads currently do. There'd be less people on the road overall, too, since everyone would get where they need to be faster.
So when you say "drugs" you mean opiates specifically? Nah I'm pretty sure he couldn't know what you meant.

And yeah no I'm pretty sure alcohol makes you say fucked up things just like opiates.
We Are A Way For The Universe To Know Itself, -Carl Sagan.

...Except the real quote says "cosmos", not "universe", so I fucked up. Still, ONE person messaged me once, having figured it out, since I joined Reddit.
I'm 22 and it feels like everything in my life right now is centered around trying to get said shit together. I won't know if it work as soon as I'd wish.
Gandalf. That one hit me real hard as a kid.
Omg

Have a nice day man haha, I definitely ain't upset, just hope I don't actually post this to /r/iamverysmart , the karma is tempting. I used to look for arguments and pick people apart too, it's stressful. Put your energy elsewhere believe me.
I see this the same way I see politicians in that case... Is he straight up lying and being a dick willingly? Or is he caught up in the momentum of something so big he just *has* to try to make it work? 

IMO, no matter which it is, we should behave like it's the second one. There's no need to just be mad for the heck of it, and yeah what if their next game is great? Should we not take it into consideration because of what happened with this one?
>Why? Because I used the correct term for two adults of a species producing offspring?

Hahaha now this is /r/iamverysmart 

It's just a stupid "if I ruled the world" type of idea, this is a random controversial opinion thread on askreddit with 20 upvotes, I haven't thought this through to the tiny details and I'm blown away you're trying to pick this apart. Just saying that technically, redistributing traffic flow would be doable, and the typical category of people who usually get benefits (elderly, pregnant, children, disabled) would get to drive cars still. Yes I've been to NY, and I ride the comparable Montreal metro everyday. Some adults are stupid, no solution to anything ever can possibly eliminate that factor. 
Sounds like you're coming out of /r/childfree or something. No I don't, I just think having babies and kids in a crowded metro is annoying to other people, and unsafe/stressfull for them and their parents. Plus it's just more practical, adults can behave themselves but if there's some bathroom emergency with a kid, you'd rather be in a car than a bus so you can stop if need be. Don't read too much into it, I'm just saying that a drastic but effective way to solve traffic would be to "force" people to use public transit, but you don't need 100% of the population to get the effects desired. You can afford exceptions.
Yeah sure, in fact that most likely *will* happen, soon-ish even. But **right now**, it's controversial to tell people they shouldn't use their car, even when their only argument is "because I want to". It's just this uncontested thing, partly because it's almost a rite of passage to "get your first own car" and whatnot. It's too deep in our culture.
There are various levels to this idea, depending on how draconian you want to get, but I think you should be fined if you use a car to travel a commute you could do through public transit. 

Traffic is horrible right now and it seems like everyone I see in a car is a perfectly healthy adult by himself. That's crazy, a bus can hold like a hundred people, and takes up the space of 2 or 3 cars. If you wanna get even crazier, IMO in a perfect world only people with some form of disability or people with kids should be allowed to use cars. Everyone else would have to use busses/train. There would be shared automated vehicles to drive you through your longer distance travels.

Altough I don't think any amount of reminding people that they're saving money, saving the environment and being more efficient could convince the entire population to give up on the luxury of being in their **own** metal point-A-to-point-B machine. We like stuff way too much.
I think this position becomes easier and easier to adpot the more people self-diagnose with illnesses. Sure they're all real, but we all know so many people that are *"totally OCD"* or that *"went through depression when their favorite show ended"* or think they're *"at least sort of autistic given how awkward they are in social situations"*. I've held a similar-ish position back in late highschool when I had some friends who might have been a bit sad, but *definitely* faked some depression symptoms to get some benefits like extra study time or private rooms to do their exams.
A tout les ~6 mois quelqu'un passe au metro prendre une photo de sa pis le poste. C'est honnetement les seules fois qu'on fait la front page jpense.
I'm with him on this, I don't think it's weird or projections (how do you know? You don't know him.)

I've been addicted to stuff before, and you just feel disguted about yourself. I definitely couldn't go on with life for 27 years thinking I'm one hit away from losing control again, that's insane. But I don't believe that's what OP is still going through, which is why I also feel weird calling him still "an addict".

He didn't mention meetings or programs anywhere. I think you're the one shiting on the whole concept of self-image though. Sure I technically could fall back into bad habits given the right (or, wrong, I suppose) circumstances. But I don't even wanna think about calling myself an addict or a recovering addict. That's just demoralizing and would make me focus on something that's not part of my life anymore. How you perceive yourself is extremely important. Everything but "weird".
It's one of those times where the Reddit community unexpectedly turns against you. You really didn't say anything wrong, but I guess porn is taboo around these parts.
I mean, he was just pointing it out. I was wondering too if it was the same person. By reacting like this you're the one implying there's something wrong with it. If he said "isn't she from Canada?" No one would have cared.
I'd use another stimulant?

There are tons of drugs with similar effects, caffeine is popular because the coffee beans that contain it taste amazing and are very practical/easy to dose. But I'm sure we'd fine something else. (yes, beyond micro-dosing cocaine...)

Also to everyone in this thread seemingly very proud not to drink coffee, it's actually good for your health, not just your productivity. It's all good if you're fine without, but it's far from a "vice". And if you're consuming any soft drinks or any chocolate, you're taking in caffeine.
>I'm only 19

Your perception of life and your role in it will still naturally evolve for a couple more years. This isn't to say things will inevitably get better, but don't make huge judgments on your life and personal philosophy at that age, it will change a lot. Heck I'm only 22 and 19 y/o me was a complete idiot much more driven by sexual urges (or frustration rather) and would not even come close to believing someone that would tell him he'd have a "serious" job and work in a pharmacy 3 years later. Like, 100% unimagineable. But somehow I'm there, I made some new friends through school, and life just feels like it's settling into a slow but constant flow of mild satisfaction. Which is better than the fucked up confusion and desperation I was in a couple years ago. And it just sort of "happened".

Face it, you're not going to kill yourself or abandon society and go live in the woods, so in all likelyness you're only like 2 years into a 50+ year journey in the adult world. That's a heck of a lot of learning opportunity and chances to change your life.
Are we talking practical tricks or motivational tricks?

As far as practical; **Nutrition over exercise**. [This video summarizes why very well](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCtn4Ap8kDM).

Cut out sugar/carbs as much as possible.

If we're talking about the psychological side of it, this is extremely variable. Some people can just will themselves into it, some people need some serious meditation regiment and self-encouragment, some people need to be held accountable by their friends or family, some people require medication. It's hard to give advice on that front.
>Demo unit

So I've only had 4 apartments in my life up to now, but in all of those cases, and in every single story from my friends, we always visit the actual place we're renting. I've never heard of "demos" and everyone here seems to imply it's the norm. Where is this? How is this even legal? I'm astonished. If the tenants are still there we still go visit, the landlord just gives them a notice.
Every year around April I observe the same complete delusion that people go through, saying they "can't wait until it gets super hot outside".

No, you can't wait for **summertime**. 

You can't wait for less congestion on the road, being on a holiday, music festivals, and ice cream. Don't confuse that with actually loving it when it's 40 degrees outside. You don't, you *biologically* can't love that. It's painfully annoying, you have to constantly worry about shade and water, and either take a shower thrice a day or be completely gross. 2/3 of your wardrobe is now useless, you're never *truly* comfortable, god forbid if you wanna have sex or do anything physically demanding, and I don't even wanna think about how much time you'll spend in air conditionned shopping malls. Nothing fun about that.
>I realized that meat doesn't have to taste like cardboard.

Same here. Grew up like this. Pork, beef, moose, it all taste the same when it's overcooked. It's rough and a pain in the ass to eat.

On the upside though, it's easier for me to be a vegetarian now because I don't have much fond memories of meat!
Just like coffee, as he said. Or any fast food. Or any factory. I guess it's all up to personal opinion but I think a flower smells better than grease or cigarette production chemicals or animal waste, and none of those would even be considered remotely annoying enough to close down. I get what you're saying, but there *is* a double standard.
ITT: "I don't fucking know, I ain't a doctor. I don't know how anything works higher up either so don't ask. Our stuff comes from somewhere in asia I guess, maybe, and yeah it's probably real medicine. Did I say "gray area" enough? So anyway, here's how we spam the shit out of you"

*Wow.* 

I mean I guess this is to be expected, but this feels kind of awful for an AMA. The OP is very vague too, you have to dig down way too far in the comments to see that "works for" means "am a pretty uninvolved PR person who can barely prove to Reddit I'm actually legit and they're about to shut this AMA down". No conversation about marketing, internet legislature, or pharmacology going on for sure.
Yeah, I've had an Acer C720 (the exact model shown in the picture) for almost 3 years; It has happened to me exactly 0 times.

Those bastards are ridiculously sturdy, too. And the battery still lasts me a whole day. Strongly recommend.
No.
I don't understand how what you just said relates to the text you quoted me on.  You said things like psilocybin mushrooms can change you for better or worse over a long time. I said so can every prescription drug. So what are you saying? I think we agree here.

Of course the specific way in which they change you varies, I don't think you actually believe I was saying every single drug known can cause depression specifically.

This subject is very well documented and there are real world examples (again, Portugal, decriminalized (nearly) all drugs in 2001, and several states in the US legalizing cannabis, allowing clinical trials on mushrooms, and allowing some groups to use DMT-containing brews for psychological purposes) maybe you have had bad experiences with shrooms, but the fact that we'd be better off with them being regulated like any other drug is hard to argue against. You should still try though, I'd say my age and your personal anecdotes probably won't convince many though.
>you sound 15

Well, I guess you're really just pushing an agenda and not actually trying to argue. But let's see;

>what if none of those things happen and people still have a bad trip

Sure, bad trips will still happen. But they will happen less often if the substance you take is standardized, has a definable dosage of the active ingredient, and if you're offered a setting where you're under the supervision of a healthcare professional to take it. No one says any drug is perfect. People could also be interrogated by psychologists to determine if they're ready for a trip or not, if it were legal.

>I have never had or heard of anyone having life changing depression for 3 years or possibly killing themselves because they took antibiotics

Well, sure. That would be really weird because that's not a common side effect of antibiotics. Faulty comparison. You'd expect something along the lines of gut biome issues, with symptoms like vomiting or diarrhea. Some completely legal and normal medicine like anti malaria medication can cause severe memory loss. Most antineoplastic medicines used to treat cancers have awful side effects. I'm a pharmacy assistant, and I was very surprised to learn that things like Isotretinoin, used to treat severa acne, can sometime cause depression symptoms. That's all just part of pharmacology. I'm not sure what you're arguing against. I thought all of the regular caveats were implied, "Not everyone needs mushrooms. Side effects may occur. Consult a healthcare professional before usage. etc. etc. etc."

There's a difference between arguing that mushrooms "can be bad" and arguing that they "shouldn't be legal and treated/regulated like other medicine". Like, a *real big* difference.
I hope you don't actually believe this, and please don't spread misinformation.

>more easily accessible -> more easily abused

No. In a situation where a drug is legal and controlled, and where all the required information to use it properly is available, risk is greatly reduced. This isn't just a theory, it's observable in countries that have had major changes in drug laws, such as Portugal (2001)

>and things like shrooms can change you for better or worse for a very long time.

So can literally every other prescription drug. We probably shouldn't stop selling Clonazepam because some people could have a bad reaction to it.

The prohibition of psychedelics is a horrendous thing, and we can't allow ourselves to make awful comparisons like this at a time when they're FINALLY up for debate and research is starting to get underway. We want a world where you can have a safe mushroom trip with a calculated dose, instead of this world where you take whatever your friend gives you and try to hide from your family  while you're high, freaking out about the fact that it's illegal. THAT is what will give you a bad trip.
[Can't stop?](https://youtu.be/37KEy0iReTM)
/r/creepy , where a low-res picture of a girl leaning forward is literally demonic
Your heros, your mentors, your family, your favorite musicians and entertainers... Pretty much everyone you look up to is usually older than you, it's very rare to bond strongly with/take inspiration from someone younger than yourself. So most likely, you're going to live long enough to see everyone that matters/mattered to you die.
Objects not having gender. I mean, how can I pay proper respect to my reclining chair if I can't reffer to her as a female? It was very confusing at first.
Why wouldn't anyone just double check on the spot and prove you're right, how could this possibly just go on uninterrupted???

>It happened in 1985

...Oh. Life before smart phones was weird.
Also seemed like a dick. First thing she does after being rescued is sloppily whine "get my fucking dog" and pushing her savior underwater.
I'm sure there's some logic to this, but it's so frustrating to watch. Like someone intentionally slowly walking out into the ocean. This took so long, the water was so shallow at first, how do you not get out.
Those forced perspective gifs usually only work once, and then it becomes really obvious what you're actually looking at, but for some reason I keep seeing the child as a giant in this one. I have no idea why.
10 coins is worth about 10 cents and 500 stardust is completely meaningless. So I'd go with the former, they really ought to make the rewards a bit more tempting for holding a gym.
There's two significant replies to the question, and the other one is a good joke. 
I'm not sure if it happened because the author wanted to reassure us, but I felt like the video was pretty contradictory in terms of the time frame presented. It shifted very often from *"this isn't even the future, it's already happening, there's no reason it won't get really crazy very soon, this technology is literally 99.9% accurate"* to *"But things like a leader creating an army of genetically modified humans is far far far far away, I mean it's only doable in theory, if at all"*. Unless they use "Far far away" as in "relatively soon, almost certainly in your lifetime" (as they hinted to themselves at another point in the video too...)

Maybe I'm not seeing the big picture, but I say if the technology is there, it's going to be used. Sure getting things approved and building all the legislature around this is going to be a hell of a mind-bender, but this is a topic we'll have to deal with as a community, ASAP.
So, been reading the top 15 comments are so, and they're all essentially "No fucking way" without explaining why whatsoever.

I'm all for buying local, quality over quantity and whatnot, but it's not like the food industry isn't regulated at all, if something is sold on the shelves it has to be fine to eat.

Can anyone elaborate a bit? Canned meat and fish is just a weird concept as is, but it's not *unsafe*, or you couldn't buy it.
I mean, joints are inherently the most wasteful/harsh/unpractical way to smoke by faaaar. People still smoke 'em because it feels cool I guess, but if you ask me I see more reasons to hit this thing because you're still wasting most of your weed but at least it's a big ass fruity braid. If you wanted to be "practical" you'd have a vape.
All the THC that *can be* absorbed. And it's not that reliable, it depends so much on *how* you inhale and the state of your lungs and whatnot. But the point is just to discourage people from holding in their hits forever because it might get you 0.2% higher but irritate your lungs a bunch.
AOFT: Seiken Densetsu 3
It's almost as if every situation was different and implied varied repercussions
This is one of those instances where I just completely skip over the words and mumble incomprehensibly in my head instead of actually reading the words, because I have no clue how they're pronounced.
I actually disagree with most of these.

Daily bonus seems pretty pointless, if they give too little they're uninteresting, and if they give too much they would devalue pokestops, and they're just generally a lazy way for devs to make you wanna keep playing their game everyday.

I think a better alternative to object limits would be the ability to tap on things you want to pick up and leave other items there, because as of now once you spin a pokestop, when you tap the X it automatically picks up everything, there's no way to leave items there. That would be way simpler IMO.

I don't get colored eggs either. It's not like numbers are ambiguous. More space in your bags for eggs though? Now we're talking.

Skipping evolution animations seems like overkill, and it would speed things up way too much I think, you could wait for the right time to use a lucky egg and suddenly grow 15 levels.

Same with mass edits, we were all complaining that this game devalues pokemons and makes us feel like we're just playing with numbers and grinding pidgey's, I think this brings us even farther in that direction.

The "Home" idea weirds me out a bit. I could get on board with pokecenters, which would be spread over the world and much rarer than gyms and pokestops, but even then, it's not like we have a shortage of potions and revives. It's not bringing anything new.

I think we should wait for the paw system to actually work to see if we like it. I think it's kinda cool as is, sort of like a metal detector. This radar mechanic would sort of clash with the rustling grass too.
>Or is $$$ the real motivation behind these websites/apps?

Yes.
Pretty sure people are downvoting you because you're being a dick completely out of nowhere, even though you're right about the deaths. No one just jumps into a conversation insulting people from the get-go. Don't post on the internet when you're having a bad day, imo.
Yeah I was waiting for it too, they *had* to know. I can't wrap my head around the fact that Jirard would have come up with a drawing of a pun, without knowing the actual pun.
>We alllll know about the problems 

Well if "the downvotes won't change your opinion" let's see if logic will. Who's "we"? People on this subreddit? Which I just started reading a day ago? I downloaded the game after a friend recommended it, played for a day, then decided to invest in it and buy coins, I went to buy one incubator, the game glitched and spent *all* my coins on incubators (and I didn't even receive them all considering the amount spent, so some just went into the abyss I guess). This is after experiencing a server disconnect *once* which lasted a couple minutes. I had no idea the game would break like that dealing with microtransactions. 
I'm not sure how the logic changes if we go from *paying for a full game* to *paying for elements inside the game*. It's exactly the same thing, you paid money for something you didn't actually get to use.  It's everything but "pretty dumb", this sub is overreacting in the sense that we don't need 100000 threads saying the exact same thing, but the upset is absolutely justified.
>knowing Damn well about server issues

...Or maybe I didn't? What makes you say that? I bought an incubator and the game glitched and made me waste *all* my coins on incubators. Keep your sympathy if you want but I'm definitely not in the wrong here. I agree that too many people are whining on this subreddit but it's a whole other thing to blame users for expecting a game they're paying for to work as advertised.
...what? I did. I'm not complaining, but correcting someone who says the game can get away with stealing money if you didn't pay for the game *itself*.
>Take your money? It's free

Except when you buy items, use them, and have the game crash on you rendering them useless. Pretty much the definition of wasting money.
Huh? 11.53mb to me. 
No. If a game is legitimately available on the app store and Google play, and you can safely spend money on it, the game should work and you should get what you pay for, or be reimbursed. If they did what you propose there would be a gigantic outrage, and rightfully so.

It's nothing about being "smart" or not. The game is unstable, I spent money on it before it started bugging out, and the game made me buy 10 incubators because it glitched as I was buying. No I don't want more EXP in a video game, I want my 16$ back, and I'm just about sure most would agree. As someone else pointed out too, a double exp weekend would *reduce* social interraction if anything, since the most effective ways to level up are just sitting at home with a lucky egg/lure/incense/etc.
Yeah, canadian here too, I was confused and forgot that Reddit thinks the US is literally the only country in the world, with all those "servers down" threads, while the game ran just fine. But now it's completely bugged out here too it seems.
Yeah, had to turn battery saving mode off. Sucks.
I had the game freeze during the "oh?!" thing too, reset the game, and the egg was gone. Looked back a couple minutes later, the egg was back, along with its full 5km/5km. I reset the game again, and when it turned back on the egg hatched.

This game will just keep on surprising you with its inconsistent and unpredictable bugs. That's the frustrating part, the bugs are constantly changing and everything is weird and hard to predict.
It's so weird how some people have to ration out their pokeballs when I throw about 100 away every day because my bag is full. This meme makes no sense to me. Hopefully they fix this and make pokemon/pokestops distribution a bit more fair for you guys...
This along with the music/sound effect randomly turning off, the game freezing right after attempting to catch a pokemon, the nearby list of pokemons being either empty or different from other people's, the fact that even things like buying items with actual money in the shop is buggy (I accidentally wasted all my coins on incubators because the game glithced out...), the occasionally missing vibration to warn you of a pokemon nearby, and the pokestops being blue but somehow still unavailable, makes it so that I just want to drop the game until they get their shit together.  It's incredibly fun on paper but it's been almost more frustration than pleasure up to this point.
What? You weren't doing 5 hours of homework in highschool. That barely leaves time to eat and shower. No one I knew ever did more than 1 or 2/night and we all did juste fine.
I love how Alex basically has the superpower of creating visual media support for the jokes he thinks up, through merely using the words "beard bros homework".
Yes we knew, and so could you with a tiny bit of research. This is long over, I'd delete this thread if I were you since it serves no purpose other than bringing some old drama back up.
...so what about the other 3 players who just wanna move on and join a game with no trolls/feeders? You wanna make them wait it out too?
>What's with the hate?

>**Fuck people** that think psychs can only be used to be hella enlightened

Also the top comment literally starts with "those are close minded fucks".

Uhm.

That contradiction aside, I don't really get this "fuck the haters" stuff. It's okay to have conversation and not all positions are equal. I personally think there are some more "noble" reasons to use psychedelics, and I think it's fair to be concerned if someone takes something that has a high potential for harm or abuse just for fun on a frequent basis. I think it's normal to be a bit worried, because some people *do* abuse psychs and hurt themselves, and those peoeple most definitely aren't the ones taking them once every 2 months for inner exploration and enlightnement. They're people taking it for the buzz itself, so while it doesn't give you the green light to tell people how and why they should use drugs, it's alright to question things and have an opinion. 

Very good point [right here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/4kzdz6/whats_with_the_hate_on_reason_for_taking_psychs/d3j4e2p) too. So how about we chill out and stop insulting eachother, this thread seems like a venting hub disguised as a critique of the community.
What a straight-up shitty thing to say.
I really didn't expect so much BS from joe about how a basic income makes a "welfare state" and how everyone is just too lazy to pull themselves up, while simultaneously saying he supports Sanders.
Weird. I completely disagree, I used to smoke hiding from my parents and using eye drops and all that stuff, and nowadays looking back it sounds awful. I'd much rather enjoy my joint now knowing I have nothing to hide to anyone. The high isn't constantly hovering around an anxiety trip, and I can get higher than I could back then.

To each their own I guess, but I think you're just romanticising something that happened at a young age, because everything feels more important and special when you're young. I have a lot of great memories from childhood/teenage years, none of them include getting high.

While I'm fine with someone reminescing on some good memories, I don't really like how you picture it. Smoking at a young age is really fucking dumb, and for the most part, you're *alread* pretty much "high on life" anyway at that age, just from all the hormones still flowing around in you. Not worth getting into weed that soon, IMO.
Yeah it's probably incredibly impressing on a technical standpoint, but all I could think was "This looks like a father letting his 3 y/o win. This robot will *never learn*"
Genuinely out of the loop; Is that why their wrap went from being smallish, cheap, and fresh, to huge, soggy, expensive, and served in weird useless cardboard boxes? I stopped going some months ago, and know many others who switched to another coffee place.
Actually I assumed OP was knowledgeable and was making a point about how surprisingly light this very complex and capable set-up is.
It's not retarded, it's more about having a different way of interpreting what he means. I also saw it as a "new pair" of brothers, one being 100, and one being half of that age. As if he just asked the same question again about **different** people. 

The boyfriend's insistence, coupled with a complete lack of actually explaining what he's saying, will inevitably make you dig your feet into the ground and fully believe he's just messing with you, instead of seeing the obvious.
I don't agree. This is a problem in pretty much every single subreddit, or any internet community for that matter. With something like ASMR, which admitedly still freaks out a lot of people unfamiliar with it, it's to be expected.

They're just votes, if we were dealing with a barrage of hateful racist comments or something, then maybe, but at the time being I don't see the point in splitting the community in half like that. 

This community is fine, mostly helpful and friendly, and the fact that new creators don't get the exposure that gentlewhispering or ephemerealrift gets is just normal. I don't think anyone here is reotely close to being able to create "a whole new platform" with its own content-organizing system as you seem to suggest, and the adoption rate of those "this community is awful, let's move there" stuff is usually *ridiculously* low. You'd be lucky to convince 1% of us 110k people to start using it, in other words; it still wouldn't help the small creators.
I mean, as a newborn it was probably barely conscious of anything yet (assuming birds have something we could compare to human consciousness/feelings in the first place). What's done to the animals we eat is way worse IMO. If anything that seems like the best way a predator could kill its prey. There's little to no nerve endings for pain in the brain, I'd put that leagues ahead of being a gazelle slowly eaten by a lion, limbs and organs first.
> One espresso (at Time Hortons) is 45mg

That's mind blowing, that's like a third of a small cup of coffee worth of caffeine. Do they just steep it in cold water or something weird? I guess that's why I've never seen anyone order an espresso there.
Couldn't agree less with your second edit. I don't know what you mean by avoiding the stress of PVP, just don't play ranked. Or don't play LoL at all if you really are stressed, and I think this "new mode" would totally 100% give it away, why would they release it on April 1st?
*"Photos from google image search"*
I don't know if this is a recent thing, or if I just didn't notice before, but it seems like more and more people get dogs while they shouldn't. People buying huge dogs who need tons of exercise, and leave them locked up in appartments all day long, barely ever take them out, want to cuddle with them but not play/be active with them, *sort of try* to train them but are inconsistent about what they teach them, give in to the "inevitability" that they'll bark all the god damn time.

This might be an unpopular opinion but, I think way way way less people should have dogs. Unless you're a hunter or need a dog for another practical reason, or unless you work from home and have the motivation to raise it almost like a child, you shouldn't have a dog IMO. It's not a plush toy you can occasionally cuddle and not properly take care of.
You don't know *true* horror until a smoker asks you to fix their computer...
That first level was amazing. The part where you ride flying buzzy beetles is supposed to be the part where they cross the sea riding their pokemon's through the storm (falling coins) and stuff at the bottom is waves. Super well done IMO.
It's all fun and games, until this dog hears someone knock and runs to the door with the cat caught in that thing along with his head.
What mindfucks me even more is when you guys seem to forget that your country controls the world (sort of) electing a president in the US isn't just that, it has *major* implication for the rest of the world.  And us in ''the rest of the world'' watch, scared shitless, as a small but vocal discouragingly stupid portion of your population are slowly but surely making him rise to power.

I know it would be incredibly unethical and whatnot, but sometimes I almost wish we could send 50$ to a US citizen with no intent to vote, and make him go out and vote against this lunatic for us. Yeah, it's that bad.
It saddens me that, with the *humongous* amount of solid, consistent, but anecdotal evidence there is, there isn't any more large scale firm research. There's definitely *something* about psychedelic drugs such as this one (DMT), psilocybin, and all. The impact it has on your consciousness is so striking it's a joke we're not putting more time into finding out what it is, how it works, how it could help, etc.
I'm not sure what confuses me more; The fact that I also live in Quebec and am about to be a pharmacy assistant and *didn't knoew yet* that Plan B wasn't covered (which is crazy), or the fact that it's seemingly so hard to ask your parents for 20$ vs 1,000,000$ or whatever it costs to raise a child. 

Sure, I'm a guy, maybe it differs a bit, but by 14-15 years old I was 100% sure my parents knew I was having sex, so I was also about 100% sure my girlfriend's parent knew too. You have a teenage daughter and you think she's not having sex?? You haven't had "the talk" or anything by that point? This is a crazy aspect of our culture, it shouldn't be remotely shameful to ask for contraception. You did a great gesture, but it's depressing that you had to do so.
>At least with drugs being illegal, every now and then one of them gets locked up for a few months and lessens the chances that they'll rob our house while we are out - even if only briefly.

And, you know... Costs a bunch of resources to keep them alive in jail, doesn't improve their situation at all, in fact ruins their lives even more, and as you say, "a couple of them". It's an incessant chase, the more the cops catch the more will spring up.

Legalizing isn't a magic bullet, it just shifts the perspective, an heroin addict is now "sick" instead of "a criminal". That's a *huge* change. 
>Why would I care if they're fat?

General empathy? Your tax dollars being used to care for them instead of something else? Less room on the bus...?
>people will tell me to see a psychiatrist but (1 I don't care, I just want some help because I can't help myself (2 Way too trial-and-error, I want something that will at least near-immediately give me effects (by 3 weeks at most)

Nootropics are unregulated chemicals that people try out to tweak the minute details of their neurochemistry, in the hopes of gaining some sort of an edge, get in a specific mindset, or mitigate some symptoms of a problem. They're not *cures* to something like what you seem to have.

In another comment, you address a sugar addiction, and say that quitting won't help.

I hope you don't really believe what you're saying. You "want some help because you can't help yourself"? That's **exactly what a psychologist does**. It's "*too trial and error*" ? As opposed to trying a bunch of nootropics one after the other...?

You want near immediate effects? Here's a check list, every single element on it, if dealt with properly, yields more direct results in the state of your mental health than any nootropic you could get.

**-Quality of sleep;** You should sleep ~7+ hours a night, and have it be stable. Take melatonin ~1 hour before bed, and don't look at screens or lights during that hour either.

**-Diet;** Least ammount of sugar possible, lots of veggies, drink water *all the time*, healthy fats...

**-Distraction managment;** If you fall in a loop like browsing reddit for hours on end, block the website between certain hours. If you spend an hour on your phone in your bed, the light will fuck up your circadian rythm, could cut out electronics in the bedroom. Etc.

**-Exercise;** Cardio, get exhausted, the endorphins released are crucial neurotransmitters that you hardly get otherwise, and they play a direct role in your mind not being all over the place.

**-Meditation;** Not asking you to do an hour-long sit, but the practice of mindfulness isn't some hippie BS anymore, tons of science behind it, and it's the most direct "cure" to a scattered mind you can find, if you've got the motivation to try it out.

I hope I don't sound condescending or anything, but to me it seems like you're pretty frustrated and probably reaching for the wrong solution. You don't want to go down a path of trying a bunch of experimental drugs to fix a (as you describe it to be) quality-of-life affecting mental condition, when you could instead see a professional, and work on your personal habits to fix the issue.
10-15 years ago or so I was in some summer camp type of thing, and some older man working there (a janitor or something, can't quite remember) decided it would be funny to take the water hose and spray a bunch of kids from behind a fence, so we wouldn't see him coming. Of course, the kids were all sitting there showing each other videos on their shitty early 2000's mp3 players, with tamagochi's in their pockets, and exposed earphones. Let's just say that on this very day, old man janitor guy realised the times had changed. Looking back, I'm actually on his side. It would have been funny, were it not for the thousands of dollars of potential damage.
It's humor. You probably dislike every single stand-up comedian with this approach. If you can come up with some graph that shows an increase in mistreatment towards women in correlation with the types of jokes we make on the internet, we'll have something to discuss, but in reality, this is just a place to vent and make shitty memes and slightly sexist jokes. It's not hurting anyone as much as you'd think, don't worry.
As someone living somewhere where tornado's aren't a thing; Why? I would assume it's the safest, it's gonna get moved around but not literally lifted up in the air, it's solid metal, and it's got air bags if things were to get a bit too rough.
Anyone knows what the song starting at 6:51 is?
Just my two cents; Jirard, I don't know you, but if you start an episode with "Hi! I'm awake now!" and then a handful of minutes later fall asleep (nonetheless; *while sitting, doing a show, playing a game, and talking to someone*) for... A couple seconds? You need to see a doctor. I don't know how that's even possible, and I don't wanna say you're lying, but if you aren't this is definitely something to go check out. I can barely sleep in a bed, this just goes beyond comprehension for me, kinda worrying.

Nothing to do with "being a horrible person" or whatever you were saying, that just sounds like either a weird medical condition, or you sleep like 2 hours a night. But then I'm not sure how you'd have any energy to do the talking beforehand, so I'm going with medical condition.
When you disagree with 700+ people about something really trivial in some random reddit thread, maybe you don't wanna voice your opinion strongly in a serious manner, in a reply to a joke.
I went back to school after not doing shit for a year or two, and thought I wouldn't work on evenings or weekends, thought it'd be too much, I'll just get slightly in debt and pay it back later. Now I'm considering taking a part time job because I literally just sit on my ass on evenings and weekends...
That's extra impressive, because as everyone knows, your weight is tripled when you get out of a pool.
Yeah, the comparison would work if literally the only factor at play was your subjective point of view of whether or not you're still "there". But then a bunch of other altered states could be considered as "dying", even though very little happens to your brain and body. 

In my eyes Grey's just lost his privilege of being able to complain about Brady's metaphors ;)
I know that the comparison to sleep at the end was *meant* to be sort of a stretch, but still; I find that completely unrelated to something like an atom-by-atom transporter. Sure, you lose track of time when you sleep, but that's about it. Your brain is doing a bazillion things while you sleep, and your consciousness experiences dreams. Nothing to do with a machine disassembling you, and effectively killing you. Or if it does, than so does every other altered states, or even when you blink for that matter.


I can't remember who proposed this, but thre should be an "introvert/extrovert" button, so you could select your driver (or passengers, if you're the driver) based on that. 

When I'm using Uber, you're just there because they don't use self-driving cars yet, so until they do, just pretend you're a robot and I'll be happy.
There's surely some substance to what you're saying (I dearly miss the funny edits, and the joke-barrage type of humor that jon brought to the show), but you're completely ignoring the fact that years have passed. This means your standards for humor have changed, that the whole youtube gaming videos realm has evolved a bunch, that you've been exposed to a lot more new stuff, new types of humor, etc. You're also ignoring the fact that *they* have grown and changed. We're not in some stationary world where people can stick to a specific type of medium forever. The expectations of the public, and the abilities of the content creators change over time. I think it'd be weird, and borderline *creepy* if the show still felt exactly the same in 2016 as it did in 2012. 

I don't know about the month off thing either. They've just changed as people, they started a crap ton of other projects that occupy their time, try to imagine saying this about anyone else doing any other job. It doesn't really make much sense.

If they were asking *me* for advice, I'd say "stop trying so hard." I know we won't get another Sonic 06, non-stop perfectly timed jokes and energetic yelling anymore. So don't try to emulate it. I'm fine with the laid-back, podcast-y grumps. I'd rather have an episode where not much happens rather than an episode when Dan forcefully keeps saying "YEAH!" and Arin chuckles uncomfortably.
>but most people are not sitting around lurking in technology and gaming forums

You're saying this like it's only mentioned on page 47 of some 3 years old Yahoo answers page. Almost every single big youtube personality/Let's player has tried one and made videos about it, or at least mentioned it, it's been on several big news outlet, the rift was one of the biggest (if not the biggest) kickstarter campaign ever, VR has been a huge part in most big tech conventions and things like E3 and whatnot, I mean I just randomly checked bestbuy's website and it's right there near the top of the home page; "buy this phone and get a free Gear VR headset". Anyone buying any piece of technology ever *has* to know what it is.

It's really, really, *really* not underground at all. This 2/3rd stat surprises me a lot too.
Yeah it's been *several* time they ask the editors to add stuff in and they don't. I don't know what's up with that, I'd say either put it in, put some text in to explain why it's not there, or cut out the part where they ask to do it. 

This just feels like an unexplained let down
Meanwhile, I'm thinking about blocking /r/all somehow to prevent me from seeing this stuff. Reddit *should* be used more like a multi-subject forums, with a bunch of tiny communities. /r/all is just a wall of mildly funny memes, political "news", animals, and random stuff people take pictures of. There's imgur and your facebook wall for that, IMO.
>Crappy American weed

Yeaaaah, that made sense a decade or two ago. Not anymore. Sorry to break it to you, but California and Colorado are *way* ahead of us.
You can't just get away with calling meditation "bullshit" nowadays, with all the science behind it. It definitely works. Saying it's "not a solution" doesn't really mean anything. It didn't claim to be. You *have* to get to work, just like you *have* to do a bunch of other things, there are'nt concrete physical workarounds for most of those, so changing how you perceive things is the best you can do to reduce stress and whatnot.
In my opinion; Meditate *at home before leaving*, not during your commute.

Also the one thing they got right; don't drive. Public transport not only reduces your levels of stress (because you don't have to worry about anything), it also reduces the number of cars on the road, reducing traffic, and thus everyone else's stress too. 
[Or you know, this](http://s30.postimg.org/8auj4hvdd/SAVE_BUTTON.png)
Completely unrelated to the subject at hand, but; At the end, they sell... Pokemon stickers? And called them "little monsters"? Wtf is this? What does Kurzgesagt have to do with Nintendo? And how come they randomly are allowed to sell pokemon merchandise?

EDIT: That was a genuine question, maybe they're somehow related to pokemon and I have no clue, it just caught me by surprise. Downvoting and not answering (if you know the answer) is kinda mean
I'm a full-on vegetarian animal-loving hippie, and I can't really figure out a reason to be against hunting as a whole.

What are the arguments from this 21%?

Also this part surprised me quite a bit too;

>Opposition to hunting also grows when the method used diverges from our basic means of hunting and becomes too modernized or technological to the point of challenging the concept of fair chase, such as hunting using high-tech gear like cameras and hearing devices (69 percent of adult Americans oppose this type of hunting)

So a gun is fine, but a heat-seeking camera isn't? And the overwhelming majority agreed with that?
The Reddit hivemind's opinion.

Seriously, in any given thread there's almost always 2 comments saying essentially the same thing, worded a bit differently, one at the top and one buried in downvotes, with literral death threats replies that get upvoted. It's like this random switch is turned on when someone forgets a comma *somewhere* and then everything's let loose. This guy is obviously a psycho monster and you can reply whatever you want.
I feel like this is kind of akin to asking ''Who likes salty food??''

There's a reason chefs sneak cayenne or chilli in almost everything. A bit of heat enhances the flavor, makes it feel, well, ''warm''. Spicy-ness isn't a ''taste'' so you can't ''like it''. It's just capsaicin. Some people do seem to like adding peppers to everything even if it makes no sense, and to an uncomfortable extent. So in that sense, no I don't like spicy (or spice-ing?) food.
[Yup.](https://imgur.com/U7Ghu2s)