Robin Pecknold and Rostam on one track, cool
Looking back on the albums they gave zeros, I now want to listen to each and every one.
All of these were posted in the last month! [1](https://noisey.vice.com/en_us/article/7xd35d/yeah-yeah-yeahs-fever-to-tell-new-rock-revolution-2018) [2](http://www.nme.com/blogs/nme-blogs/fever-to-tell-yeah-yeah-yeahs-karen-o-2305195) [3](https://www.rollingstone.com/music/lists/yeah-yeah-yeahs-fever-to-tell-10-things-you-didnt-know-w519507) [4](https://noisey.vice.com/en_us/article/gym7p3/the-guide-to-getting-into-yeah-yeah-yeahs) [5](https://www.billboard.com/articles/columns/rock/8390253/yeah-yeahs-maps-pop-indie-anniversary-since-u-been-gone)

One of my high school teachers played "Shove It" before class one day, and then "L.E.S. Artistes" hooked me.
I'm on the fence too, might go because I'm curious about Amen Dunes. Robin has already teased LP4 though, I don't think we'll see another long hiatus.
I hadn't thought about this album in a while. I like the phrase "cultural cognitive dissonance" as it pertains to the indie blog moment of the late 2000s and early 2010s. This article and the various ones popping up about the YYYs really do a good job of explaining the excitement. I was one of those people downloading the mp3s of Santigold and others like the author described. It is a time capsule for that cultural moment. It's *not* timeless, but I still love it regardless.
[lol](https://www.flickr.com/photos/-christoph-/14434346965/in/photostream/)
I think people who post here are more likely to give albums multiple listens to try and appreciate the whole thing. I know a lot of people IRL that will not do that, and instead just grab a handful of the stand outs and add them to a sprawling master playlist. I don't think there is anything inherently wrong with that. 
Good to hear, I love Beach House but they definitely could benefit from something fresh.
what do you think of it?
also going to Japanese Breakfast
I listened to it twice last night, I enjoyed most of it on first listen, but it didn't blow me away like her previous albums. I could still warm up to it, and I also plan to watch the Emotion Picture tie-in film.
> SAW Volume II

At first I was thinking, "wow this guy really likes Saw II" but I get it now
The terms wavy and thought police will cross pollinate for some of the dumbest takes of 2018
This post is 2 hours old and it aged horribly
I think she pulls off the Cranberries cover! 
What's your favorite indie sub-genre?
Otherwise choose one of these: 

I Can Hear the Heart Beating As One

And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside-Out

Painful

Electr-O-Pura
spill
that's my take give it back
I was kidding around too, every band he listed that I know, I really enjoy. Check them out!
The 97 in his username is becoming apparent.
holy shit you're right
Over/Under on Kanye branded brainforce male vitality supplements to roll out alongside new album?
entrepreneurial spirit
You may not like it, but this is what true neutral looks like
The song on the new album about Alex Jones is gonna be a problematic slapper
Wow, this album cover has been on my mind for about six months but I could never remember the exact band and album names. Thank you!
Yes, love to live in a [functional oligarchy](http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746) where the Supreme Court argued that corporate lobbying isn't even the ["appearance of corruption"](https://www.salon.com/2014/09/20/antonin_scalias_bad_law_bad_history_how_the_supreme_court_legalized_corruption/). Hope you would like to live in the world of *Blade Runner*.
yes, horrible supreme court decision
*Strawberry Jam* is my spring album. And if that's my spring, *Merriweather Post Pavilion* is summer.
I can't hear Jamie at all, seems like 100% Mitski.
ngl I didn't like this much at all, and I love both these acts

edit: It's not bad, I was just hoping that Jamie would come into play especially when Mitski says "Scream in my mouth / I'll barely hear you."
I'm late but here's an [article by pitchfork](https://pitchfork.com/thepitch/why-indie-bands-go-major-label-in-the-streaming-era/) about this topic. Like others say, indie is a lifestyle or ethos more than it is a material reality for artists nowadays. It's not necessarily a bad thing either.
It's a bit curious that you allow Fleet Foxes s/t a pass when it is more a culprit of the millenial whoop, self-described "RPG fantasy lyrics", and a general sing-a-long structure. For me, *Yellow House* evokes just as many pictures and little moments, but it does so while providing much stronger musicality. I think somewhere along the line you must have read that this band was "pretentious" and you strapped along your personal acrimony because of some other Warp band.
Danger Mouse and Daniele Luppi - Rome
This rate is right up my ally, "On a Neck, On a Spit" gets my 11.

What's the popular opinion on Fleet Foxes s/t versus *Helplessness Blues*? *Yellow House* and *Helplessness Blues* are both in my top 5, but *Fleet Foxes* pales in comparison to *Ys* or *The Glow Pt. 2*. I think TGp2 will win because it has the most crossover appeal to fans of other subgenres that people like around here. One more thing, *Sun Giant* is better than *Fleet Foxes*.
[VOTE HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads/comments/8cwhht/201014_chart_2011_nomination_thread/dxnls7h/) if you would like this album to appear on the 2010-2014 Indieheads Essentials Chart.

This album is so underrated that I bought a vinyl copy recently for like $5-10.  I will throw it on when I get home.
If I go, I want to snag Courtney Barnett's *A Sea of Split Peas* picture disc and put it up on my wall. Also interested in Daniel Rossen "Deerslayer" 12 inch, Robert Glasper x Kaytranada, and the most recent Wye Oak album on white/blue vinyl if it's available. 
Deafheaven - Sunbather
Bear in Heaven - I Love You, It's Cool
Chairlift - Something
As is Sleeping Ute -> Speak in Rounds-> Adelma -> Yet Again to open it (best sequenced GB album?)
I think I could have named a selection of her live videos but that one stood out, love her so much lol
The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads
[St. Vincent - Your Lips are Red at ACL 2014](https://youtu.be/q6hfIOiPwwo), really wild performance
haha, it's my favorite too!
Possible, I would bet it's named after Spoon, a band from that city with another great song of the same name.
Beck - Paper Tiger, love the first and last verses 
Agree, really enjoy the two bros and a podcast format
go ahead
Do you want to talk dude?

This puts me in a Ben Gibbard mood but I get something out of wallowing sometimes
Barry Zuckerkorn IRL if this shit wasn't terrifying it would be hilarious
stop saying this in every thread lmao
HipHopDX, The Company Man, Dead End Hip Hop, Myke C-town, and Velocities in Music -- Really enjoy the ViM podcast
which era of TLW
It's also a cynical way to farm other people's negativity for ad revenue, just gross all the way round.
Blade Runner
Caribou - Swim
I don't know what catch-all comments I could make without a bit more detail, what did you like about OK Computer? How comfortable with electronic music? Do you care about lyrics? Did any songs stand out?

I actually got into them through the *Pablo Honey* singles and their music videos. Their music videos are some of the best in the biz at communicating their ideas.
they also made a video about it last year water is wet
[I THINK IM DEXTER BASED FREESTYLE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_etjeWaj7Fg)
when SZA makes a shrine to Drew Barrymore "it's tasteful" but when i do it???!
> Jack U

whom???/ good for Suf, love it
[what the fuck can't unsee](https://www.buzzfeed.com/morganmurrell/twitter-thinks-debbie-thornberry-looks-like-white-sza)
you right, wish they gave him some respect tho
guaranteed costume change in 3..2..1
i'm being melodramatic for fun, I didn't think they were doing much for Vince either though
brave
I sincerely hope this version of "Fear the Future" gets a proper conclusion, album version is half-measure af
oh the crowd definitely sucks
you can't tease a gay disco and not deliver a gay disco
GO OFF ANNIE pleassseeee
Look, the men are completely masked, interesting.
welcome to your reeducation 
i admire the commitment
I'd fuck to this one if I fucked and if I was 40
jimmy neutron level brain
i deleted my antagonistic TWOD post so I am now living vicariously through yours
for now, STaples, Vincent
I respect his work, just didn't love the performance.
Spot on about the childhood fantasy comment. The whole time I watched that set, he was going through the motions of a rock star, but he's ... not one.
Joking, I think AMSP and Blackstar go together like peanut butter and jelly.
yodel boy is 100% going to be on the next Drake album 
high
Unravel, Stonemilker
More things any Radiohead fan will like:

R.E.M. - *Document*

Neil Young - *After the Gold Rush*

Pixies - *Doolittle*

Charles Mingus - *Black Saint and the Sinner Lady*

Miles Davis - *Bitches Brew*

Can - *Ege Bamyasi*

Jeff Buckley - *Grace*

/u/Lucario995
I finally know what your flair is, I was too afraid to ask! We have similar favorites, I need to finish mine.
I think Acabou Chorare is the opposite of pretentious, people just haven't heard it before. Everyone I show it to likes it.
Slyvan Esso show in DC just added Moses Sumney as support, I know what I must do.
Hell yeah I saw them tour with Mitski too. The singer has a million percent charisma and the rest of the band does too, still remember during the guitarist's solo he blew into the f-hole of his acoustic electric and that blew my mind.
Particularly excited for the inclusion of hip hop and R&B on this list. If the only rap group to name check Jeff Mangum and Captain Beefheart doesn't make it... (Das Racist)
I will have to think about it some more on that last part, totally love *Something* by them. Underrated band for sure
damn, that means my scientific model is flawed
tfw you were told vinyl is already in HD :thinkin:
I will have to get back to you on this later this afternoon, but aforementioned Lift is upbeat, which is why I don't totally buy that the OKNOTOK version is a true 20 year old cut.
All bad bitches have a soundcloud and a sad alt twitter
PSA: There is a new fan compilation called Every Last Crumb that's higher quality than Towering Above the Rest.

long live Lift Pinkpop 96 btw
"You Were Right" by Built to Spill, because of that riff during the bridge, where it ends with the pure tone... tasty
Multitudes of bad bitches in this establishment 
in a good mood? 80/20 new/old

in a bad mood? 20/80
But what you find unfortunate, someone else is thrilled about. It's really pointless. That can't be changed, also removing the profit motive of journalism is not exactly easy to do.

Also prop up another site that's better instead of ragging on them!
This is essentially my point, with the underlying premise that I simply don't think you can make money in the current paradigm by spending the requisite time to write a thoughtful review. I don't think their direction has changed at all, they just hired newer, younger tastemakers. They are possibly more cynical, can't tell.

So yeah, if you dislike Pitchfork, please never look at their site, that doesn't help your cause.
Potentially contrarian take regarding the dead horse that is "Pitchfork is dead because they supported x artist over y."

Hey guess what loser, we live in a pro-consumer world where Pitchfork's entire lifeblood is being a lifestyle marketing brand for what's new and what's next. Don't hate the player, hate the game... If they just dished out 9s to every 10-year-strong freak folk act that drops an album, nobody would go to their site. The outrage over their positive reviews of fuckin' Cardi B is exactly how they put bread on the table. I, for one, would prefer that music critics make a few dollars writing thinkpieces that I disagree with than the alternative.

Stop comparing what they do now with what they did in the past as if it wasn't always for people who are too embarrassed to say they used to like Vice magazine.
this bot is a crime
me: No Fear

you: *comment*

me: One Fear
Strawberry Jam is my fave AnCo album, Safer isn't canon though. Couldn't vote because I didn't want to listen to Neon Bible for the rate
Check out [Sleepwalker by Long Beard](https://f4.bcbits.com/img/a4189248190_5.jpg) if you like hypnagogic dream pop and folk. I've been listening to it for the past week during nighttime, "Porches" is the single. 
and Songbyrd Cafe in Adams Morgan, and Comet Ping Pong (yes, that one)
crazy how I went to the Lorde show and all of a sudden it's spring time
Coaltar of the Deepers, look up Yellow Loveless and find who did which cover as well.
TPAB was slated to release on my birthday, but if I recall it was pushed forward a week because Kendrick is too good to us
Mitski - "Drunk Walk Home", or "Class of 2013", or "My Body is Made of Crushed Little Stars" -- queen of tasteful screaming
Sidney Gish

jpegmafia 

Voidz

Car Seat

U.S. Girls


/u/InSearchOfAGoodPun, welcome to the resistance
That's one I already had, like minds!
Indie Rock running playlist songs?

I have a handful of Strokes, YYYs, Bloc Party songs etc. going for a theme
It is the 21st century

It is the 21st century
i will solicit you in the homogenic thread for more details
fact: we must protect bjork at all times even now in this thread
Here's my take, Kraftwerk were earnestly trying to predict the future with the music they were making. I also see a tie directly to classical music in the variations and theming. It sounds like they were composing strings through their synthesizers. That said, I prefer Autobahn and Trans Europa Express to this album. The way we voted on albums, those couldn't have won so this one is in their place.
relevant username,,,
It would be higher up there for many people if it was easier to listen to prior to 2016.
My favorite B-sides that haven't been mentioned yet are "Harry Patch" and "Polyethylene Pts. 1 & 2". "Harry Patch" is a tribute to the last surviving armed combatant who fought in WWI, in typical Radiohead it sounds nothing like you would expect, and ultimately speaks to the helplessness and futility of world war. It was a sneak peak as to what *A Moon Shaped Pool* would sound like, similar to Jonny's orchestral scores for recent movies and also "Spectre".

"Polyethylene Pts. 1 & 2" is fragmentary song recorded in the same style as "Paranoid Android" when Thom was channeling "Happiness is a Warm Gun". The song is about the uncanny world of modern middle class, working to live, and everything slowly kills you.
Radiohead in [Berlin July 4, 2000](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPEYy_nIsL8). Best performance of "How to Disappear Completely" ever -- that Ondes Martenot slices through me like butter. There's also the first ever performance of "Nude" directly into "(Nice Dream)", deep cuts like "Talk Show Host", and "Bishop's Robes" which is totally out of left field.

Best comp is *Louder than Bombs* dont @ me about Morrissey lol
*Atrocity Exhibition* by Danny Brown maybe? All in all, I don't see how the top albums from the 2010s will end up as anything other than the biggest R&B and hip-hop concept albums from this decade.

edit: Solange - *A Seat at the Table*

In the indie space, I said this two weeks ago my picks are *Strange Mercy*, Courtney Barnett LP1, and *My Woman*, and *Puberty 2*.
saw a guy wearing that shirt and I can confirm he looked comfy
this sub, for one
Thom has successfully duped us all and transitioned into ThomBot
It's so refreshing and clever and catchy and relatable 
Freshmen: Grizzly Bear

Sophomore: Real Estate

Junior: Radiohead (a.k.a. the year I binged *The Bends*)

Senior: Mitski

hard not to be obsessed with it
Yes x 42
I'm hoping in an interview in the near future we hear a story similar to that of [Talking Heads "The Overload"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remain_in_Light#Music_and_lyrics) (last paragraph), where they tasked themselves with covering a band that they had never heard a song from before.
Sunny Day Real Estate is a good fit as well as early Built to Spill a la *There's Nothing Wrong with Love*. You could name about any PNW band and it would fit as a similar sound or influence, e.g. The Posies.

*We Have the Facts* is great no question from me, *Transatlanticism* has a better sense of time and place, it's hard not to tie your own past experiences with the ones he sings about.

I've been meaning to check out that first concert tape he posted last year.

I'm into the *Forbidden Love EP* and the angst displayed on *Something About Airplanes* as well.
he's a late bloomer
It's not about length, it's about girth. Hail to the Thief thicker than a frosty 😂👌
[Built to Spill - Ancient Melodies of the Future](https://e.snmc.io/lk/l/l/d104cc0436530b3abebc2d4810f57e5c/1699193.jpg)

Total abonimation of a cover, it looks like a PowerPoint slide made by a middle schooler. On the other hand it kinda reminds me of TLOP though idk...


Same, I bet they couldn't find a way to interplay multiple vocalists so they didn't make it to the Shields demos either.
Don't call it a clapback, but that's exactly what they were: [source](https://news.avclub.com/opening-track-daniel-rossen-silent-hour-golden-mile-1798229796). "Sleeping Ute" was also initially a Daniel solo track at one point. 
It's fairly predictable for this sub to be frothing at the mouth for Snail Mail but not like this album because of the band name, which by the way is self-deprecating and understated. Scorpio Rising and Last Girl are my favorites.
Yeah this is the canon name for the underworld in Blade Runner
i hope he drops another EP of "extras" like last time GB made an album, could listen to him play all day
That went way over my head 
> "Don't Smoke"

are we talkin mitski or are we talkin mitski
It's possibly even worse than that because I'm expecting magic and anything less won't cut it
Everyone who likes Mac Demarco was one song about shitty cigs away from self-destruction
You know how they say that everyone who saw the Velvet Underground back in the day started a band? Does anyone have contenders for contemporary artists from this century that fulfill a similar role?

Oh and the correct answer is Lil B
Wow, that blows most people's first concert out of the water! 
that's a red flag and a green light at the same time
Awesome, thanks. I noticed you posted about the Lorde show, I will be there! Very excited for that (and Mitski)
On Monday, I was lucky enough to get a ticket to see Japanese Breakfast at the Ottobar in Baltimore thanks to /u/theRealPooh. Since I went so last minute, I had gone alone, but by coincidence I ran into a good friend. He introduced me to a girl friend of his and I think we really hit it off!

We ended up hanging out at the bar for a couple hours after the show. It's so nice to wax poetic with someone like that when you are coming from a place of mutual appreciation for an artist like Jbrekkie, among other things. That was special, and it speaks to how I feel about this sub as well. At its best, the people here are kind enough to pay it forward to strangers, and share their experiences, and that can go a long way.

So thank you for that, esp. /u/theRealPooh, cheers. I owe you one!


The OKNOTOK 4-track version is novel
This is a low-flying panic attack
Judee Sill - *Heart Food*

Gene Clark - *No Other*

these two are indie-cosigned and supergroups have toured their albums, done covers of them, and done compilation homages

+1 to TVZ as well

William Tyler - *Modern Country*




Underrated group!
Discovering this album through essentials list voting is what it's all about. The only song on this album I don't love is "The Jitters", but that's only because it slows down the frenetic pace. To me, this is nearly perfect.
There's a clear delineation between pre- and post- *Transatlanticism* as far as DCFC is concerned. I think it coincided with a huge popularity boom due to "The OC". I recommend *We Have the Facts* to both of you, if you haven't already listened.
F 4/27 - The Afghan Whigs & Built to Spill @ Rams Head Live 
whenever I'm on there, I end up rating only things that I like, I tend not to bother thinking about things I don't like... So I end up rating everything 3-5 stars. It's interesting that some people use it as their main music discovery tool, it's good for more obscure releases. It doesn't hook me though.
Being real though, apparently they recorded 20 hours for TP:TR, I can see why it didn't come out in the last few years.
A. Chromatics never existed

B. They did exist at one time, but they were sucked into the black lodge in Twin Peaks: The Return
This was a good video, I love the factoid about "Walcott". I always just thought it was an adventurous love song. I played this today and it has aged excellently.
UMO easily for me, seen both. Ruban is a better guitarist, I really enjoyed the pianist/synth player on their last tour as well.
telling fans of other musicians that they suck and should listen to Radiohead is exactly why RH fans have a reputation for being out of touch nerds
not here for this strawman dude i'm sorry.

If you were not interested in romanticizing tragic artists than why do you keep doing it?
What a histrionic post, Polanski fled the country and has lived out his life in relative peace I would imagine. It's not legal to refuse someone service in any of the ways that you just listed. I responded to the other guy, I am saying that we should be careful who we champion because it sets a bad precedent for future artists. Note that I am not saying that you cannot enjoy someone's work privately.
This post has me stumped. The main point of choosing not to engage with art made by abusers is that the desired goal is to end the cycle. I was speaking to what I felt was the romanticization of the tortured artist that you posted here:

> As much as you choose to deny it, the reality is that their flaws often result in more compelling art.

This is what I am pushing back against. I do not like the contradiction where on one hand there is no ethical consumption, but on the other hand we incentivize artists to struggle because that's where all the creativity lies. 

Oh please, virtue signalling? Aren't you showing your hand a bit there?
Appreciating the art produced by a particular person is different than financially supporting them or boosting their message. As an example, continuing to support artists like Woody Allen or Roman Polanski well after their work has been released suggests that as long as your art is good enough, it's okay to be a piece of shit and victimize others.
Consider that you are literally defending cultural marxism and red-scare bullshit in a thread about Anthony Fantano, and that is exactly the problem at hand. Fantano (and Sargon) have politically useful beliefs for Nazis and help commodify alt-right talking points in the so-called marketplace of ideas. 
Pro-tip, anyone who ever talks about "cultural marxism" (a.k.a rebranded anti-Semitism) is not on the left. At best he's a neoliberal, at worst he's a useful idiot for fascists. 

I wouldn't say fantano is as bad, but he definitely postures himself as an enlightened radical centrist. 
why is he a regular on that show????
Please do not subject me to the phrase "hot take" on yet another platform and we can be twitter friends. [@ChargingMyB](https://twitter.com/ChargingMyB)
I'm thinking more of a cool grey marble than warm grey 
Björk announced on Twitter that these remixes will be pressed on slug genetalia colored vinyl -- excuse me are we not going into further detail into what color that is supposed to be
What was the name of the opener, piqued my interest. 
Our Solar System does a decent cover of Bloom, not so great at covering anything pre-TKOL, but they have a lot of heart.
Grizzly Bear is my soul food. Those would be my answers as well.
I've already gone through it four times in the first 24 hours since checking it out, which is a lot for me. As far as albums from this year, I quite like U.S. Girls and Sidney Gish.
So I watched jpegmafia's interview with fantano, then I realized he had a song called on his album called "I cannot fucking wait until Morissey dies." Immediately I knew this guy was cool af, *Veteran* did not disappoint.
At first I was a bit confused which way you meant this comment. But no, I'm against it in principle; it's a stupid idea, especially considering that the American election cycle is abnormally long and drawn out.
I agree with u buddy, I thought it was genius.
I didn't vote (so fuck me I guess?) but Human Racing, Your Lips are Red, and literally any other song on Masseduction would have been nice. 
Okay then fuck Joe Biden too. We can't afford for our government to function 75% of the time at maximum.
Even if this isn't a real tweet, the fact that the GOP argued that nearly 25% of a term falls within the lame duck period is absurd and should continue to be ridiculed.
I have a higher opinion of Mitski than literally anyone in indie music right now. My favorite of the ones you didn't mention would be "Thursday Girl". According to interviews, she prefers playing acoustic live performances, so I'd be interested in an album going in that direction.
The real missing link in this chain is Port of Morrow tbh
She stays touring though, so hopefully that means she is being inspired/ has time to write. Either way I'm very happy for her as a fan, looking forward to her show with Lorde.
Real Estate is one less instrument away from being muzak, and that's okay.
+1 for DC show, this is excellent news
What's your favorite track by them?
It's 2018 and I still think Das Racist's 2 mixtapes are hot, anyone else have an opinion on these dudes? I remember Jeff Rosenstock shouted out Kool AD on bandcamp recently.
I feel you on the tax return comment, except for me I have been considering buying a canon 5d, or new glass.
I went to UMD but I'll pretend I'm a dawg this week
That song rules tbh / can you imagine it with the Hustle Bones beat
Courtney Barnett's LP1, My Woman, and Puberty 2

Also Strange Mercy if that counts as recent
*someone at a party is simply wearing a band t-shirt*

Me: yeah, I loved Fleet Foxes last album as much as the next guy, but have you heard the demo of "Olivia, in a Separate Bed"? I know Robin quietly deleted it from the net, but I think it's his rawest and most emotional song...

...Oh you just bought the shirt from the record store because you liked the design, and it was on-sale? Well it looks great. 
Extremely Shatner and Ride dual track:

I want to live like common people.

I want to do whatever common people do.

I want to sleep with common people.

I want to sleep with common people, like you
Let's put it this way, the only reason he doesn't drive a Prius is because he doesn't have a car. 
How about this as a recontextualization; Car Seat Headrest is an indictment of the current American educational system in that the most relevant literary reference he could conjure the first go-round of NYI was about Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.
I know you are from LA from your prior posts, so you may appreciate this. I have a friend who recently moved there who has since become the type of person who has laid out those same talking points you just parodied. He only drinks Hard Cider now, and he's a cider snob. No gluten fellas it bad for ya skin
That's dummy woke
This is thom's next tweet

source: my uncle thom
yourlocalthriftstore.net

This is the type of post where you actually check their soundcloud link 
This can only mean one thing ... a hint about LP10 
Studies show that viewing this photo of [Jay Som](https://twitter.com/sasamiashworth/status/973412987393339392) will improve your day by up to 300%
[3×3](http://imgur.com/B78G4nH)

Happy Friday.

Pretty good week of listening, I tend to listen to the top 10 list featured artist but I'm always indecisive about the actual list. My st.V listens were thoughtful. I got a lot out of listening to them back-to-back.

*Shades of Blue*, and all Madlib albums are so good it's unfair.

*A Church That Fits Our Needs* is a strong contender for most underappreciated album of the 'genre'/this sub. I found it about the same time my cousin died of cancer, and about the same time I first heard *Psychopomp*. So if you're in that kind of mood, check this out.

Planning on checking out the new YLT this weekend.

^(P.S. i'm the worst at reddit formatting)
So what you're saying is that it's set in the PNW? lmao I can't tell if I would like this show or not
omg kitsune maison perfectly encapsulates myself as a teenager
Even if you can't appreciate her voice or her music, I hope you can find some enjoyment in other ways she pushes the boundaries in her music videos, her strong visual aesthetics that tie to album themes, and how far she pushes against the grain in general.
Put it this way, the performances are so evocative it takes the songs from good to great, she has a commanding presence over every track, the way she sings is singular but effortless, it's real. Also the album structure is excellent. So yeah, 10/10. 
*My Woman* is AOTD, don't change my mind
respect s/t and ass education pls
acting as if the memes aren't deliberately placed there to make the ideas more palatable
whatever you do, don't be the guy who listens to Philosophy of the World and pretends it's the best thing you've ever heard -- I met a guy like that and he subjected the whole room of us to listen to it (on vinyl), and honestly the story behind it is depressing af.


My answer though: Stephen David Heitkotter - S/T (also called Black Orckid) -- it's a 60s psych/garage rock album
Death Cab for Cutie - We Looked Like Giants

or was it Technicolor Girls, or it was collectively the singles from *Pablo Honey*.

Youtube-to-mp3 was life
have you ever had a positive thought
someone had to say it
Yes I think that part is a turn off as well
cough cough: large adult son Jared Kushner
that bootleg my friend Rick taped back in 2003
is the joke here that charli *does* get the credit for the most part? because pop 2 slaps
Absolutely love the water droplet sample on "Ingenue" by Thom Yorke. Anyone have examples of songs with other water-based samples?
No More Heroes
how are you gonna be a Baltimore band and not stop in Baltimore
That tour was amazing, Dan + William Tyler were mesmerizing.
I loved the movie and wanted it to win, but can't help but wonder if it won because it is topical, and a movie like Lady Bird or Get Out have more lasting appeal. 
I want The Shape of Water to take Best Lead Actress and Best Picture. 
You didn't even mention Pull/Pull Revolving Doors, in which Thom reads a poem from a children's book, that's my prime example of an outtake track from Kid A sessions that doesn't need to exist.
the audio quality is horrible on this I can't
The takeaway I get from this movie is this; what is the point of casting real people to portray their heroics? It takes away from their actions and puts them in the realm of critique over their acting, which is unnecessary.
what a coincidence that I listened to this today for the first time in ages
Same!! I've never seen them live before and I've been wanting to for years, I'm so excited!
The man who wrote Pinkerton isn't exactly blazing the trail either
In just over 5 years, Alex Jones level conspiracy pushing has gone from the extreme position to the normal one.
DC has never had good luck with Radiohead concerts, [see article](https://www.washingtoncitypaper.com/arts/music/blog/13077223/remember-the-radiohead-concert-that-wasnt-a-disaster). I guess I'm trekking to NY if I can buy a ticket.
Been on a Bjork kick recently; transcendental is the perfect word to explain the feeling you get when you put on one of her albums. It's like she pulls you through a wormhole into her own version of reality and you live there for about an hour.

Pretty good vid, I can see why TND took such a long time to rank all 9 albums.
Can you provide a reason? Can you imagine if Thom hopped on the track and sang True Love Waits in the hopeful, desperate, painfully beautiful way that he did in his twenties?? I think the reason so many people here dislike the new version is that the older version (1995, 2001) reflects their personal situation as it stands right now.
I realized this when I was in high school, so I have chosen to find the middle ground and play basic af stuff like MGMT


preemptive yawn on another take that TLW is overrated, all feelings are overrated
that's two strikes, proceed with caution
jw what do you think is the worst on AMSP, The Numbers?
12 inch versions of Kid A and Amnesiac woo
This bugs the shit out of me, it's always when the app itself or phone OS updates. 

Speaking of Spotify, does anyone else's mobile app take forever to load the library and then the downloaded content itself? I wait like 30sec-1min sometimes before I'm allowed to select the song to play.
Okay this is a good a place as any so I'll ask: do you all prefer the album version of Identikit to the live version from Coachella 2012 with the Ed backing vocals? I have a huge soft spot for the live version, I'm not a fan of the choral swirls they do on the studio version. Might have to vote it out.

TLW is #1/2 with Daydreaming btw
no

\- thm
you are very smart
Mitski - *Puberty 2*, but also her whole discog speaks to me.
you're right, they do seem like cool guys
As a member of the Jbrekkie Stan Task Force, I guess I use Apple Music now.
i.e. girl's bio: "Looking for someone to murder"

me: swipes right instantly
Breaking: RH fans from 20 years ago are now 40
This is super interesting. I'm sure the whole album won't totally throw away their aesthetic, I like the subversion.
Are you referring to the version with "How Soon is Now?" or no? I think it's a great album... first two tracks are really great. I need to spend more time with the other albums properly, I tend to go single to single with everything sans TQID.
In Rainbows pairs well with A Moon Shaped Pool

Kid A pairs well with OK Computer.
Radiohead is your favorite boy band's favorite boy band.
Yeah I get that. And it's for good reason, it seems to me that they paved the way for what the 80s would sound like, song's a classic and a half.
I feel like such a nerd when I try to convince people The Money Store is melodic and entrancing if you give it the chance. Glad you did.
This but Metanoia
all i gotta say is real recognize real and they were sampled on GKMC ("Money Trees")
My parents asked me about Radiohead because of that show 

blinkingguy.gif
It was at that socially-acceptable-barely-perceptible volume so I couldn't tell, but yeah it wasn't off of Ys.
I'ma revoke your indie club membership card if you're saying you've never listened to Teen Dream all the way through.
Joy Division is weirdly commercialized in general, I'm struggling to find it right now, but I saw the world's greatest Unknown Pleasure t-shirt online; there were Sesame Street characters popping out between the peaks and troughs of the pattern.
They are playing Joanna Newsom on the intercom at my workplace as elevator/corporate music. We've been had indieheads.
Rappcatts is always expensive but I'm pretty sure that's the Egon affiliated website and everything the co-sign is high quality. Thank you for the heads up, you weren't kidding about how recently they announced that. 
2012 chillwave albums ^/s

before anyone judges me, I generally liked the album, but that's what it reminded me of 

Edit: Real answer - Chairlift - *Something* -- no one talks about this album on here but I love it and one of the members produced *Little Dark Age* 
Please listen to Flight to Brazil by Madlib... It makes me so happy that it exists, perfect intro to Brazilian music.
Fitter Happier, no question
Taking music seriously is pretentious. Let's pack it up folks, what's the point.
Sorry I don't enjoy music the exact same way you do.
Yeah and I'm saying you are being reductionist of art.
The album art *American Dream* is actually worthy of criticism though. It's so cynical and lazy.

The UMO cover isn't offensive in that way.

Album artwork is important.
Isn't it technically a situation like Led Zeppelin 2, 3, 4 where II is just the second self-titled album?
UMO album covers and titles severely undersell how good they are.
The lyrical dissonance with the melody is an intentional feature to make you feel uneasy, unideal wedding song tbh
I have, but not to the extent that I have with the aforementioned album.
Yes, but to some extent it's not a lie. I've listened to *Ladies and Gentlemen...* by Spiritualized or *I Can Hear the Heart Beating As One* by YLT countless times.
Just learned (yet another) of my old friends moved to California from the East Coast. He was my roommate in college too, and I found out on Facebook of all places. That one really stings. Any one relate to the yuppie exodus blues?
About to partake in a whole lotta gang shit
Reevaluate your life if you sincerely think Fitter Happier is a zero.
Okay, that is understandable. I saw Half Waif's tour dates for this upcoming spring and assumed they wouldn't be touring as well.
Reminder that you don't actually know what events truly occurred. I follow multiple indie acts that are tangentially related with Pinegrove's scene that insinuated that Evan's post was misleading and not indicative of both sides of the story. I would personally err on the side of caution when defending someone you don't even know, just because you like his work.
Exactly, everyone had a smartphone by the time I was in college. I still hate looking through a sea of smartphones while at a show.
I will go back to *A Crow Looked at Me* maybe in 2020, and I don't care about the National. Mount Eerie album is still better though.
I buy vinyl if I love the album and the artwork, if the packaging is good, or if the extras included are desirable. I also would like to think that the premium price supports the artists a bit more. The OKNOTOK 20th anniversary release is a great example of this. I owned OK Computer on CD and LP prior to this reissue. A counterexample of an album where I prefer the CD packaging would be *MASSEDUCTION*. I can't see myself picking up a 12 inch of someone's butt, but I really do like that the CD is clear on the back and you can see the CD through the case (think Yeezus).

I've had my turntable for two years and I am pleased with it, and I hope that the vinyl resurgence makes the lives of the artists more sustainable. That said, I don't use it enough and I find myself getting in a collector's mindset with vinyl as opposed to a listener's mindset.

Edit: I should add that vinyl mastering is tricky and I doubt the smaller indie labels do it correctly. CD mastering is demonstrably easier to do and most likely will result in a better sounding release. 
They didn't necessarily, they made bots and subscribed to a lot of different subs. It's still relatively easy to "hack" the algorithm and get content to the top of any sub you want with a swarm of bots.

Hmm here is some data about new subscribers compared to indieheads. In the past two or three, indieheads has been gaining tons of subscribers. The bump in all the other compared subs coincide, but the indieheads subscriber bump is after the inflation period. A lot of these subscribers are recommended subreddits, which is why they get flooded with new bots.

E: woops forgot to add source
Reddit also has experienced a mass influx of bot accounts that skew these growth milestones.
old in this sub = 20
Pokemon for Switch should just have Pokemon Snap embedded in full as one of the mini-games. Sun/Moon did a half-measure and had a camera where you could use it at certain points. Making the side content more enjoyable by doing things like this would make Switch Pokemon the best version in the series that it needs to be.
the only one that wasn't a hot take was your #1
Is this how you dream pop?
These are essentially my thoughts. I haven't attended in months. I hope their future plans go through and the new set up is bigger and better.
Pleather Vest and Pre-Distressed is king
One is contractually required to genuflect at FJM's feet and tell him how smart he is between verses.
Kid A had the blips, which were perfect for what the album is. I think they made the right choice there. 

Knives Out is a great music video, so is House of Cards. 
Don't understand why an upcoming release would cause people to view AMSP in a revisionist fashion. 
Can't believe real journalists are still using that source from an Instagram comment of a fan to substantiate this album release. It's all but confirmed now.
I've researched the Xeno modchip; as far as soldering DIY jobs go, it looks very simple. 
Look up in-situ resource utilization. You're right, this isn't a video game.
Does anyone get upset when this sub resembles a tabloid?
It converts all of your storage to 320kbps mp3s in the cloud. That said, the amount of storage you get for free is insane, probably because they know that Spotify has more market share.
I mean I just said I loved it, and I admit I had never heard of them previously so I can't make a comparison.
**Wolf Alice - Visions of a Life**

**Phoebe Bridgers - Stranger in the Alps**: These two albums are climbing the ranks of my favorites of last year, only started listening to them in November.

**The Pains of Being Pure at Heart - S/T**: underrated indie-pop/shoegaze-ish album you all should check out.
Long term, I think we will get a lot of songs we weren't expecting. They saved I Promise from the '90s, and the band is still kicking so I have high hopes for unreleased material.
Do you own a PS2 or PS3?
No Surprises is masterfully simple. Vote Karma Police instead.
This is where I grow dreary. After this song ends, I tended to look at my music player, because I figured the album was over. Then, every ballad after "Leaving LA", I assumed this *had* to be the end. Happens like four times total.
> A Deeper Understanding

I associate this album with driving, so I really don't mind the runtime at all. Bjork's Utopia is about the same runtime as Pure Comedy and I don't mind the length at all. It's all about the content, pacing, and movement.

I won't deny that some people love Pure Comedy, but I don't get it at all. It doesn't really feel like he changes it up much, the songs drag on forever. I don't think I can justify going back to it either. I preferred ILYH and Fear Fun. Although the title track and Total Entertainment Forever are really enjoyable. There is probably an enjoyable 45 minute cut of the record I would like.
HTTT was recorded in about two weeks if I recall, which has the benefit of sounding more present and alive than what they had released in prior years. The problem with this is I feel the tracklist was not as meticulously managed and some songs are duds. 

Pure Comedy was a total chore from last year, I'd have to collect my thoughts on why I found its flow so unbearable when compared to other long albums that I love, such as TPAB. 
Goodbye Karma Police
Tbh I like how Saturday looks in particular, but it seems the general public response isn't so hot.
jbrekkie stans in 2018 unite
At the rate I watch Black Mirror, I'll get to it in 2019.
Is this episode named after "Panic" by The Smiths y/n?
Pop 2 would have made the list if it came out  earlier in the year for sure.
Although some would say it's trivial to the enjoyment of the music, I really enjoy the intertextual/ cross-media marketing angle of *MASSEDUCTION*, and how its image is shaped by its portrayal, while commenting on the nature of tabloid culture and women in media. This album found a way to be a glossy pop album, while also being intensely personal about Annie's life and how she weaves in and out of her persona. 

All the while I found this album very enjoyable sonically, as well as artistically. I find this album more consistent than past efforts. I had no qualms with Jack Antonoff's production on this record, because I feel Annie Clark is smart enough to know what his style encompasses and she used this to her advantage (I also had no idea who he was until this year). One of the nicest things about this album is that it defied my expectations for a St. Vincent record.

"Hurt" by Johnny Cash
Transatlanticism is built from the ground up to be nostalgic about. Someone said it sucked on here about a week ago, so I played it on the way home from work; I sang along to every word. It hasn't missed a beat for me.
Yes, the only true way to do it would make the score inversely proportional to the aggregate score that each album received, but that data isn't here.
For the record, I think this is a more accurate way of bookkeeping your score than not including it in the average.
Reminder that 5.5 is the lowest possible. Dangerously basic alert!
For fun, what's your indieheads basicness index? Average the resulting placement of your top 10 that you submitted last week.

Mine is 18.9
*reads a Noam Chomsky book once*
I can't wait to lift half of your list wholesale and rebrand it as my "albums I missed in 2017" list (this will be a valuable resource, thanks).
Sabbath and Led Zeppelin started the same year, both are metal.
Sorry to nitpick, but it's not a fish.
I am not the person who brought up a lawsuit, that must have been someone else.
Meeting People is Easy is a must watch for people who feel this way.
Great write ups! I have been taking note of your blog since you posted that early review of SSFAP, and your posts there and on the subreddit have become some of my favorites. You put into words the way I feel about Japanese Breakfast. I really appreciate that, considering that sometimes it can be hard to discuss such things in real life. Cheers.
Am I truly off the reservation to think that it's a reasonable trade-off to slow down the phone to remedy the problem? It's either you slow it down to avoid the problem (slow speed), you let the phone turn off when the draw is to high (intermittent high, then zero speed), they could allow the batteries to be more easily replaced, or you could not update your phone OS.
OK so the alternative to not throttling the CPU to avoid shut offs would be to let it turn off, how am I crazy in this scenario? This response is a mess, I can't even make sense of your intent other than to tell me it would be nuts if a company wanted to have good rapport with its customers.
I literally don't care. And also the last Samsung Galaxy with a replaceable battery had a fine form factor. We as consumers should ask for better.
[Here is some cool info on Fitter Happier, because it's bound to fall today, but there is still a lot to admire.](https://www.reddit.com/r/radiohead/comments/6mo7yf/official_oknotok_cassette_tape_discussion/dk3x833/) Anyone who loves this album who hasn't listened to the White Cassette should do so ASAP.

Relevant: so what's going out day 3?
This is the reason, I think the anger is misplaced and the correct move would be to inform consumers of the practice instead of sweeping it under the rug. Oh, and also let's make batteries easily replaceable (Apple has never done this right).
It gets really confusing when you play older playstation games or primarily Japanese games that use 'O' for confirm and 'X' for cancel  (which frankly makes sense and should be the standard).
fuckin lol


Big Thief did really well overall.

Jbrekkie at 16

Only the singles from St. Vincent, really dudes?


Really? 2017 was one of the better years for gaming in recent years.
If this is the future we were promised, I'm out.
Shift should absolutely be top 20.
I thought it was hilarious that somebody in the Daily thread said "what's up Radiohead fans are you all doing death metal December?" so yeah the result will be essentially the same. +1 to your analysis.
The fact that so many people like FJM is why white guys aren't taken seriously.
I'm kidding, the actual hardest band to Google is the Japanese shoegaze idol band.
This guy crashes.
I counter with [The United States of America](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_United_States_of_America_\(band\)).
And they say millennials don't have traditions!
If you start "The New Year" by Death Cab for Cutie at 6:18:49 PM on NYE, you will be drunk off of cheap champagne from a paper cup by the time "A Lack of Color" reminds you to call your ex at exactly 7:03. Start the new year off right(?)
You have until the 23rd to amend your AOTY list for this subreddit, if that's what you are talking about. I will check those out.
This just in: democratic polls result in the most generally accepted albums, not necessarily the best.
1. On a Neck, On a Spit
2. Sleeping Ute


I'll fill out the rest later, but those are in for sure.
Only the production is 90s lo-fi, her voice and lyrics would never have been found in the 90s alt-rock scene. Top layer only.
I view any attacks on *Transatlanticism* as a direct assault on my 16 year old self.
If Lynch did Return of the Jedi, the fanbase for Star Wars would be very different.
HipHopDX has to be the best music related YouTube channel, right?
I don't think so at all, I think the two had a good friendship displaying through the songs they wrote. I found it endearing, especially live. Maybe you are projecting?
tbh go full Jim Jones and drink the Flavor Aid
This is so ignorant >:(, I'm not even going to knock Anti, but the comment about CB is not even close to the reality of the situation.
Luke-warm milk take
1. Japanese Breakfast - Soft Sounds from Another Planet
2. Big Thief - Capacity
3. St. Vincent - MASSEDUCTION
4. Moses Sumney - Aromanticism
5. Slowdive - Slowdive
6. Protomartyr - Relatives in Descent
7. Grizzly Bear - Painted Ruins
8. Kurt Vile & Courtney Barnett - Lotta Sea Lice
9. Lorde - Melodrama
10. Fleet Foxes - Crack-Up
Unravel >
It was American Wasteland.
>・・・・・・・・・

Shout out to however you pronounce this group


I want to mention that the Alabama Secretary of State predicted a voter turnout of 18%, the actual turnout of this special election was around 40% of eligible voters. So yes, your vote counts, and one of the most effective things to do in 2018 is to activate the plurality of people who do not vote in midterms.
Are the controller cords long enough to play 7' away? 
Maybe it was me, Yellow House takes me into its own world!
Way worse, BLOOD. is unquestionably an opener, DUCKWORTH. is a closer, and DNA. jumpstarts the album. Reverse order... no.
Japanese Breakfast would have been my number 1, but Julien Baker blew me away, it was unreal. Also it was jbrekkie's first headlining set, and there were some hiccups. Absolutely killer after they fixed the equipment problems.
Metal Gear Solid
1. Julien Baker @ 9:30 Club
2. Japanese Breakfast @ Black Cat
3. Slowdive @ Rams Head Live
4. Grizzly Bear @ The Anthem DC
5. Protomartyr @ Rock and Rock Hotel

HM: King Gizz - I'm convinced that seeing King Gizz during the FMB tour was optimal because my favorites are Nonagon Infinity and FMB.
[Use Album of the Year's website](http://www.albumoftheyear.org/album/84702-protomartyr-relatives-in-descent/critic-lists/?f=all&y=2017). It's actually doing well, 32nd on the list aggregate.
1. Japanese Breakfast - Till Death
2. Big Thief - Mary
3. Grizzly Bear - Four Cypresses
4. Tyler, the Creator - 911 / Mr. Lonely
5. Jay Som - The Bus Song
6. St. Vincent - Pills
7. Moses Sumney - Quarrel
8. Kendrick Lamar - DNA.
9. Slowdive - Don't Know Why
10. Kurt Vile & Courtney Barnett - Continental Breakfast
We Have To Start Saying Merry Listmas Again -- real talk though lists are a service, just use it to find new stuff you might like and stop complaining.
Some people say the low quality of VHS contributed to the effect of scary movies because the dark parts left more to the imagination.
Thank you for that site. The sad thing about Fallout 4 is that even for $30, my opinion of it is so mixed that I feel that money could go a long way elsewhere.
I mean no? You just changed my grammar because I suppose that they will be selling it digitally until the fall of man...
I see Roselia.
I love the live versions of "Default", apparently Flea plays bass on the record but the album version is sterile in comparison.
[OP](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/7iek3g/mapping_reddit_communities_oc/)

[Comment from the creator](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/7iek3g/mapping_reddit_communities_oc/dqy4dh3/) including an extra-large version, link to it looks broken. The center is all of the default subs though, it would be nice to fix that.
The extra large version is blank, I think something happened.
ngl I was hardcore into this album in 2008 and the hipster dudes in my high school would recite the lyrics to "Swordfish Hotkiss Night" to mock me.
*Soft Sounds from Another Planet*
Hey look at the mapping of subreddit community [connections](https://i.redd.it/5e7ebb4ivo201.png). So the main connection between subscribers to the default subs is fitness subs -> Kendrick Lamar -> hiphopheads  -> Frank Ocean, Kanye -> popheads -> indieheads. Thought it was cool.
Why is the season pass for fallout 4 $49.99 and the GOTY version $29.99? I just want to buy the DLC at a good price. What's the lowest it's been?
In 2031, they will sell Skyrim again and then you will be satisfied by the obscurity of the pun.
I wish I could buy these items in the store, or trade them; I have multiple of each, except metal coat!
Anything more granular than a 10 point scale only makes sense as an average of multiple reviewers' scores (p4k does this). It's very hard to compare across multiple albums anyway. People think in 10s, I think it's best to keep it at 10. Places like Metacritic averaging on a 100 point scale is a good idea just to throw away less data. 
Light/decent/strong is a 40 point scale.
> deffinetaly

that's a novel spelling
A digital photograph is still a photograph.
I've been bothered with the "chill" playlists for a while now. My friend, who plays music and knows a lot about electronic music in his own right, described my tastes as "chill" and "relaxed". That pissed me off, because it's not an adequate descriptor in my opinion, and I think the fact that there is an abundance of the chill playlists robs people of music literacy. Instead of using more variety in words, it's all chill or mood playlists. I've never been a fan of wide-tent genre names like alternative or indie, but describing things as chill is worse.
Lyrically, Robin Pecknold admits he doesn't care about lyrics as much as nearly anything else, the timbre of his voice etc. He even called his own lyrics "RPG fantasy". The new album is called *Painted Ruins*.

I'd say just go in order from *Yellow House*.
EVOL, Sister are closer.
I think *Capacity* - Big Thief is a driving album.
This is as close to my list that an aggregate or consensus list could be.
I did this once by accident and Real Estate's *Atlas* and its track 1 are my most played album and song of all-time, respectively. Kind of wish I could throw out that data.
Grizzly Bear puts on a great show
Schrodinger's list: each list is simultaneously the best and worst list ever before viewing.
Pretty much my impression of Monday's show. It's my opinion that any song with strings would have sounded better live than over a track, regardless of if it was on the new album or not. That said, St. Vincent is one of the best indie musicians at performing from what I can tell, and she knows how to choreograph and plan out her live show. The videos that displayed to go along with her new album was a nice touch. I haven't seen a performance of "New York" online that I was a huge fan of thus far. It's clear that the newest album is very personal, so maybe that's why she decided to go solo for this tour.
Your opponent shouldn't be able to react to the motion of a shield drop if you do it right, not physically possible.
2080 by Yeasayer
I listened to this yesterday, I thought it was awesome. At nearly ~2 hours long, it's good for commuting. They make up a bunch of ad-libs and beats and do impromptu songs about the different subjects they talk about. 
Where do I start with this Sufjan Xmas madness?
Long if not wrong
gonna name my kid Secretariat, we only raise winners around here
EVOL, Sister
Japanese Breakfast - Till Death S^O^T^Y
The Numbers, as well
I can listen to it later tonight!
Can you adopt me please? ty
Yes, use mp3tag (it works for .wav files). It's super easy to use and you can batch edit.
I'm not, but I want the Fire Walk With Me CC edition.
I think she deserves it as well. 
It's because it wasn't innovative.
She went in the day she played the 9:30 Club, she acknowledged the guy who does Tiny Desk at the show. 
Not a traditional answer, but those tracks remind me of the music from Earthbound.
Gambino, Kendrick, and Jay-Z will cause the votes to split and Lorde will win the Grammy for AOTY.
Aside: does anyone actually know how to buy this with cryptocurrency? As in, where? 

As always, Bjork made something beautiful, but it's bound to be misunderstood. It's not really a pop album, so it can be hard to follow. I think the 71:38 minute run-time actually moves along gracefully, as opposed to say *Pure Comedy*, which feels like it's about to end about 4 times but does not. That's about all I can say at this point. 

I think some people will say songs like "Tabula Rasa" are pedantic, but I find it in particular make for good commentary; "Sue Me" is a bit on the nose though.
This list reeks of Christmas advertising to be honest. Why else would you release this list today and have all the biggest pop albums listed in the upper half. Biggest surprises are *Lotta Sea Lice* at #15 and Jay Som at #29. Somehow one of their editors sprinkled a few non-pop acts into a thinly veiled ad.
I'm going to use it at my desk at home connected to my computer for music. Do you need more info -- what do you have in mind?
Does anyone have any DAC/amp/speaker recommendations in the ballpark of $150-300?
Yup, Blow Out appeals more to fans who like their later 90s work, You occupies the same space as Creep in the pop rock hit category. No consensus is made like with this album.
Can anyone name another song from a Radiohead album that is as unquestionably the best as "Pyramid Song" is to *Amnesiac*?
FWIW I think it's better than the forwards version of "I Will".
Music for Transcendental Airports 1/1
This thought experiment is so bad lol
(profit driven)
Happy Thanksgiving my dudes. Tonight after dinner, we transition from "fall playlist posting season" to "holiday playlist posting season". 
My go-to move is to never bring up our Facebook relationship until we break up, preferably at a socially inappropriate time of night, over the phone.
The Round Earth propaganda is at it again!
So it's settled, *Melodrama* it is.
Reading all of these song titles = I'm back on my bullshit 🤘😫
What songs do they play in this set? Cool they released this.
I should start selling cognitive dissonance insurance in this trying time.
We must protect Net Neutrality, or Father John Misty will subject us to another 80 minute album
Myopic Hipster Guide to 2017:

"I liked them *before* they were morally reprehensible!"
Is Portugal an apt comparison to the United States though? How good is coverage overall? How many people have access to high-speed broadband? How many options does someone have in individual local markets? These are the problem areas where regulation is important. It would be all well and good if there was actual competition between ISPs in the U.S., but it's just not the case across the country.
BREAKING: Local indie man, who derives personal identity primarily through musical taste, is devastated he will not be able to hold this exclusive release over on his uncool friends.
When are they going to remaster the Rosetta Stone? First pressing is way out of date.
Fresh sexual assault allegations; for those who want to experience psychological tinnitus in the form of a constant drone of anxiety and sadness.
I understand your concern, because I am concerned for this myself. I want to respond to the point where you said "this shouldn't be a partisan issue". Unfortunately, conservatives and free-market libertarians have an orthodoxy in beliefs, and like to think in pure black-and-white when it comes to nearly everything. They call it logic, but's it's a half-measure at that. For this reason, they all vote like temporarily embarrassed millionaires. 

They tend to take this utilitarian(-esque) perspective where everything boils down to an ethical calculus on increasing or decreasing freedom. (Have you noticed people on this sub who say things like, "hmm what's wrong with libertarians?") The logic stops after one or two steps, which is the problem. In the case of monopolies/duopolies/oligopolies, voting against regulation is decreasing freedom of more people who are burdened on the consumer side, while it increases the freedom of the richest people and corporations. So my five minute example is just to illustrate that the logic they purport to care about only goes one layer deep. 

The sad thing is I have my doubts that it's reasonable for everyone to come to grips with every single economic decision all by themselves, so it is common to repeat dogmatic pseudo-principles like "regulation is bad" and "freedom is good".
You, a lowly indiehead in the GD: is sex good? never had it

Evan, an intellectual: sex is actually bad and if you have a differential power dynamic it's a sin
I have the one true flair
Mr Jackpots!
I'm so skeptical of this comment and album due to the fact that most people here said the same thing about the soft jazz fluff album they came out with last time. I'll give it a chance.
I would say with the advent of high speed internet and limitless music streaming, the importance of genres and for that matter "pure genres" are completely gone. These things used to manifest themselves as tangible music scenes, but now music listeners can be "genre-hoppers" and musicians can be "genre-benders". 
That's a hard one because Television has it's foothold in proto through post-punk. Remember not to stress it too much, these genres are just useful shorthands. Especially the seminal CBGBs bands defy genres to the point where people at the time were probably hearing things that hadn't been heard before anywhere else. All in all, it's a mindset thing, and on some level *Marquee Moon* showcases a post-punk ethos. You can argue it either way though.
http://observer.com/2016/10/post-punk-101-what-is-post-punk

Check this article called post-punk 101. So if punk rock is a counter-cultural movement to diverge from the prog rock 'wankery', post-punk is a re-contextualization of the sound once more. 

Punk tried to be avant-garde and didn't want to be tagged as 'art' like prog rockers, but post-punk doesn't mind this as much. Post-punk embraces electronics, new production styles (see *Unknown Pleasures*) and has modernist themes derived from other works of literature and art.

The 2000s indie rockers are nearly all post-punk revivalists, because they were mirroring what the late 70s post-punk bands did. Think The Strokes, YYYs, Arcade Fire, Interpol, etc. This time they were reacting to the nu-metal and post-Britpop bands. The lo-fi era of 90s indie rock is the punk to the 2000s post-punk in my opinion.
Winter Soldier is my favorite as far as the MCU goes. You make a good point about phase one. The one I actually don't mind watching is Iron Man, the rest have a scene or two worth a rewatch. Thor is one of the worst movies ever made in terms of cinematography as far as I'm concerned. The reason I enjoyed the change in direction for Thor 3 was because it finally found it's own voice, as you put it. I enjoyed Ant-Man because it went against the grain in terms of the super-serious superhero story. 
I recently set a stupid goal to catch up on the back catalog, and the first two Thor movies are bottom of the barrel. I can happily say that Thor 3 is towards the top. Side note: I can't wait to lose brain cells reading bad thinkpieces about Black Panther (my opinion: the trailers look good).
Why not? It's high on the dumb fun index! Seriously though, the posters alone intrigued me more than a lot of other MCU subseries.
I want to offer a thread that is guaranteed at least 50% less nihilist than the average indieheads GD: do you all like the marvel movies? I just saw Thor: Ragnarok and I think they finally figured out how to make an enjoyable movie with this character. The more recent ones in general I have enjoyed a lot more than the early MCU movies.
Thank you King
Anyone see the BTS pictures for Japanese Breakfast's newest music video? I'm excited to see the final product.
*Bee Thousand* buzzes around in contempt of this comment
Too bad the Biophilia apps don't work on new phones.
I think that EP is better than this album.
Interpol flair, not surprised
You find anything good??
I would say using popularity/top 40 chart-topping as a genuine metric of quality is dense, especially with the democratization of music. These bands were propped up by the internet blog hype cycle, and Ed Droste has admitted this on twitter many times.

Also, I would say Justin Vernon's multi-track vocal production style is more influential than the fact that he sings in falsetto. Singing in falsetto was always popular. No surprise that Kanye West approached him for MBDTF, considering his taste for human vocal instrumentation.
This article sucks and the image with both Justin Vernon and Robin Pecknold is so horrible and bad. Are those other dudes even in these bands? lmao. I think there is potential to really delve into the changes in indie folk and cause and effect here but this guy dropped a deuce on that.

Some things that would have been interesting to talk about:

* Bon Iver working extensively with Kanye West and taking folk to the mainstream with electronica
* why young musicians have moved away from guitar based folk and now make "soundcloud rap", which in a lot of ways is the new interpretation of the voice of the people (aka what folk is)
* the serious problem with authenticity in indie rock and especially indie folk music. I tend to see a post every week about how new indie music is actually bad and that only people with the right identity are "refreshing"
Bon Iver is a replicant for sure but Rivers Cuomo is a later model who just learned what sex is
What would an indie record made by an AI sound like and why is the answer *Pinkerton*?
Karma Police, Pagan Poetry, gun-shy

Millennial fuck anthem
*modulates voice*: I was picking up a suit from the dry cleaners
/ Which was standard for me
just go in order from The Bends to AMSP
anyone seen Slowdive on this new tour? lmk
Well I'm pulling directly from a Thom interview but of course there are tons of examples. Happiness is a Warm Gun is one of the best because it accomplished a lot in less than 3 minutes.
You actually caught the problem that people complained about when I brought it up a long time ago. 1-3f is enough for Fox to shine out at the lowest percents where pivot grab is optimal. Add another frame if Marth is in the port closest to 1. I don't know if the common wisdom has changed since, but it seems like a problem area.
I've been reprimanded countless times for giving this advice, at one point Kadano advised against it as well.

I woke up this morning with Stonemilker in my head so I'm with you -- I'm going to check this Dirty Projectors/Bjork collab tonight called *Mount Wittenberg Orca*.

edit: also might as well listen to Xen and Arca by Arca
They were most likely writing it at the same time as "Paranoid Android", which also drew inspiration from "Happiness is a Warm Gun." I think they were going for the same effect with Polyethylene, it's even a B-side for Paranoid Android. 

Thom's writing style is fragmentary; he famously threw a bunch of phrases in a hat and used them as lyrics during the Kid A sessions.
I had a [good number of responses](https://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads/comments/7cwxlf/tuesday_daily_music_discussion_november_14_2017/dptcbgq/?context=3) to my post about this yesterday, a lot of the picks are worthy of the original thread.
Check out "Batabid" and "Ambergris March", they are B-sides but according to some interviews Arca brought them up during the production of this upcoming album and they influenced the new stuff.
Album release day is now to be Flute Friday! I have read enough, I'm pumped.
Mario Party 2 hasn't been topped don't @
That album is so good. The drums are amazing.
*turns it to 11*

I’ll take a quiet life,
a handshake of carbon monoxide 🔥🔥🔥
The Esquire article mentioned thekingofgear, really awesome website if you haven't seen it.
This comment but instead a generic call back to how Kurt Vile and Courtney Barnett share names with a 90s power couple. Now repeat this comment, buzzing in my head for a month, and you have my two newest pet peeves.
literally the only reason
*Dragging A Dead Deer Up a Hill* certainly qualifies!

I would like to think that most of these obscure albums have already been uncovered by now, it's not like the 70s where there were truly obscure albums from Nick Drake for example. Which AnCo album?
What do you all think qualifies for that AskReddit post: a 10/10 album post-millenial that is relatively obscure? (obscure being relative of course)

I say *Puberty 2*, but it only came out last year so I didn't comment there.
The alternate cover for *Vulnicura* looks like a spoiler for Stranger Things 3.
The whole thing about "marth winning neutral over and over" doesn't compute in my head. I've played a lot of Puffs, and it always comes down to the neutral interaction where they play footsies between whiff punishing and getting inside of tipper range, crouch cancel and crouch shenanigans. Recall that analysis video with PPU v. Hungrybox at Apex 2015 with another high profile set of theirs and only one statement was made: when PPU was on top of that footsies scenario, he won. When you don't win that scenario (at the right percentage range to get pivot kills) the matchup becomes much more of a grey area.

I would also argue that when you lose this game of chicken that the repercussions tend to be a wall of bairs or combo and massive loss of stage. When I get the fair to hit, it either gets ASDI'd down or Puff DIs out and away and I get some stage, but they tend to be a bit safer granted I do not get a grab.

Marth has a way harder time recovering stage position in this matchup than against other characters. I find that Puff has very low commitment compared to Marth because he can find solace in the ledge, or leisurely float back to a higher platform if he does get hit.
This is indieheads, just download a cracked version of ableton and pretend you can play piano like everyone else.
A recent poll has him at a statistical tie with Doug Jones, with about 9% still undecided. How anyone can be undecided after last weeks antics alone is beyond me.
I mean yea, the statement is what they call a "nothing burger", the article itself is a slim three paragraphs. The reason websites like to put Trump in the headline or bring him up in interviews is because of SEO.
I was hoping they would let him die in the next season. I actually thought that was going to happen in a previous season. Robin Wright has deserved the spotlight for a while.
Wow everyone here is antithetical to my opinion; We Have the Facts is the next best and Plans is their most twee album, it has some good tracks but you really have to be in the market for that. 
I play Marth so ideally I should be using shield angling and analog shield because I need to cover either my feet or my head depending on the attack. Fishing for power shields is okay I guess but I find that easiest when the size of the shield wouldn't be a factor, i.e. when fox or falco's nair would hit me near the center of my body anyway.
1. this should be in the DDT
2. What?? 

There is always value in analog shield... You want to avoid the digital press for L cancels, yes.
holy shit that's wild
Everything
Fact: Pulk/Pull isn't an interlude.

Opinion: Behind "How Do You", it's my least favorite RH song.
Regardless of how good it is, it's an interlude and interludes always lose in survivor.
Loveless, Daydream Nation, or The Queen is Dead imo.
In my recollection, it's purely English. The term krautrock really sucks in this respect because part of the impetus for the movement was to be untraditional as possible (hence no German).
Same! Also Monster Movie is more psych rock in case OP likes that. Ege Bamyasi is a tad bit easier to get into, and Tago Mago is a double LP so I'd try that last.
You should fix that, I suggest Future Days/ Ege Bamyasi/ Tago Mago if you are interested.
*spit take*

 This whole thread is important to anyone who falls into the trap of being a "know-it-all indie nerd" stereotype, it's best to keep this in check and acknowledge it as early in life as possible.
1. Japanese Breakfast - Soft Sounds from Another Planet
2. Big Thief - Capacity
3. St. Vincent - MASSEDUCTION
4. Fleet Foxes - Crack-Up
5. Moses Sumney - A Romanticism
6. Slowdive - Slowdive
7. Grizzly Bear - Painted Ruins
Their rendition is better than the Delay 1968 version imo. Also 7/4/2000 was one of their best concerts ever.
They are named after a Talking Heads song because their first band name sucked. Quick rundown...

Post-punk, post-grunge, and UK garage: Joy Division/ New Order, The Smiths, Pixies, Dinosaur Jr., Pulp, Oasis, Nirvana, Scott Walker, R.E.M., Sonic Youth, Magazine. You can see My Bloody Valentine, The Jesus and Mary Chain, etc. in something like "Blow Out" or "Planet Telex".

Apparently Thom decided to sing in falsetto because of a Jeff Buckley performance. Neil Young is a big one. If they've covered anything by a big name, that's a good sign.

"Lucky" was written for a charity compilation put together by Brian Eno. He's a clear influence on Kid A onward.

Krautrock, experimental electronic, and Jazz is apparent on Kid A and Amnesiac: Can, Charles Mingus, Miles Davis, The Ink Spots, Aphex Twin, DJ Shadow, Neu!, Autechre, Faust

Some IR and the entirety of TKOL era was influenced by IDM and afrobeat: Fela Kuti, Flying Lotus, Burial. Anything on that TKOL RMX album is an influence, as well as any time Thom has DJed with someone. Flea is an influence on some of Thom's solo work where he programs the bass.

Some more of Jonny's classical and jazz influences: Penderecki, Alice Coltrane, Steve Reich, Olivier Massiaen
There's no way he can cancel on us now, they thought, incorrectly.
Going to assume you didn't just see them tonight at the Anthem in DC.

I absolutely love Grizzly Bear. I've seen them once before for the Shields tour, so I can appreciate that some songs were performed and mixed a bit differently this time. Most obviously, Chris Bear on drums stands out live and on all the Painted Ruins tracks. And yeah, two songs in particular had really strong bass, those being Yet Again and Sun in Your Eyes (they love closing with that, the lights go along with it well). 

The sheer loudness of the bass on Yet Again was striking in comparison to the other time or the album version, but it was mostly to close off the track, and I was with it. The rendition of On a Neck, on a Spit had an extended intro and I loved it. The only real qualm I can make up is they only play the hits/singles, but they touch on each album so evenly that it is hardly a complaint. They even played Shift. The audio briefly went out during the harmony ironically; "I wouldn't have it any other way."
I'm hyping myself for the Grizzly Bear show tonight (as I tend to do) and I'm sitting here wondering how they got it so right the first time with *Yellow House*. Top 5 all time for me, easy.
I'm going to mention *MILANO* again until I'm convinced more than 5 people listened to it.
I'd reckon it's due to the culture of the sub. Since everything there is relatively low effort ("Let Down appreciation thread","DAE non-single is underrated gem?", "accidental Creep lyrics thread on reddit") people who frequent the sub don't move on really. Another factor is that they do have a large back catalogue of albums and a long list of B-sides, so these people can afford not to move on. It's a shame too because they have so many easy to identify influences to research and listen to as well.
I was there and I noticed that as well. Hell, someone in my earshot was talking about how every concert should be like this, with cushioned seats, nice upscale venue, etc.  (basically really bougie). Jen Cloher was really good, and although I totally think the Sea Lice killed it, Jen had better stage presence and kept the audience engaged between songs with her stories. The late night performances were only last week so I don't know how much that influenced the turnout.

Also, I'm getting tired of people talking about Kurt Cobain and Courtney Love lol.
This is exactly the mindset that Apple loves to hear.
One can hope something as good as this can manifest itself in the near future. Love how they mention the use of prog aesthetics like the double LP and trilogy concept songs and melded it with punk to make something that feels much more rooted in the real life. That said, it's timeless.
Losing All Sense is one of the best songs they have ever made, excited to see them tomorrow.
Japan has strong copyright laws, they are the second largest music market and I believe the strongest physical release market, and they don't generally export their music like the US/UK do. So yea it's hard to find new stuff directly from the source.

FWIW taiwanese and chinese shoegaze are good too.
No, because for the most part I think this has to do with what music one's parents expose them to. In my case, that was country music. So I went right from country music to alt. rock to indie stuff.
It's funny because I've started to see people turn on Optimistic in the same way that people have turned on Electioneering.
Seconding Joy Division and Can, the similarities and influences are strong.
I think *In Rainbows* has warmth to it and that can be appealing. I'd probably only recommend IR or *The Bends* like OP did.
On the contrary, I think it's among their most emotional.
Wow props for having 300 new albums in your log and ready to add, also shout out to *Petite Afrique* at 7.
I really hope no one falls for this bait.
Hmm I've been trying to get into this album for a while, and that song was one of the first clues for me that Pavement knew what they were doing beneath their sort of sloppy facade. I mean who doesn't like *Time Out*?
Yeah it's not serious for one and this sub is full of posts way more harsh than mine.
I'm airing my grievances for every time I have to scroll past the ubiquitous "Radiohead is every college freshman's favorite band" trope. They have been canonized essentially and it's just obnoxious to see them starting to skew towards the trite arguments of "dad rock".
Metal Fingers
Why do you not like 5-4=unity
I mean we are allowed to disagree but I don't think that ITAOTS is nearly as interesting as OK Computer. The only real knock against OK Computer I have is Electioneering, on the contrary Jeff Magnum is whaling about Jesus Christ and wacky phrases over blaring horns. The album is best when it's just guitar and vocals for me.
The internet hyped ITAOTS to mythic proportions.
It's comical the lengths indie hipster kids go to feel different. Is ITAOTS better than OK Computer? Of course not. Does ITAOTS have a chance of winning the whole tournament despite this? Yes.
*Milano* - Daniele Luppi/Danger Mouse feat. Parquet Courts and Karen O

*Turn Out the Lights* - Julien Baker


"Re: heats"
This but *Marquee Moon*
If you like Subterranean Homesick Alien, Thom said in an interview he was trying to emulate this album.
This is the album cover for Bjork's next next album whoms't leaked it
*I Can Hear the Heart Beating as One* is one of my favorite albums, *Painful* is good too.
[Daniele Luppi & Parquet Courts - Memphis Blues Again](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8s6SPn82F8)
OKC>TQID>Doolittle>Loveless>Kid A>>TLCW>ITAOTS>CRCR

Also Homogenic and Daydream Nation would still be in contention in my ideal world.
Sandman entered, communism exited.
This song is a nerd's dream. Thom trying to emulate Miles Davis and making a callout to Bob Dylan's "Subterranean Homesick Blues" (and maybe Bowie's "Subterraneans"?).
At least for me, it's been cut and dry which songs are better than others. Catch me contradicting myself when I have to choose between HTDC, Idioteque, and EIIRP.
This is a good comment. The first pass, I liked 5-4 = Unity, then I realized it's because it's a *Time Out* sample. I also liked the single "Cut My Hair". Second time through I liked more of it, and I noticed the cool, aloof quality worked on me a bit more like you mentioned.
Well we are all entitled to our opinion and our two statements aren't mutually exclusive. I think the songs after those are repetitive.

Also when people discuss ITI, do they discuss it with original track listing or the altered one?
I love Radiohead but I think it would be very lame if they win both of their matches. If you put this bracket and the 2001-2016 bracket together, it very well could end up In Rainbows and another Radiohead album. 

Alsoappointed with LCW > Daydream Nation. 

I forget exactly how the seeding was determined, did ITAOTS get the consensus number 1 in the nomination round?
Honestly didn't think Daydream Nation would lose to LCW.
Good point, I think I will go.
Have you heard anything about it, I was just reading about it earlier.
> while Reptilia is a much of 7s with a 10 thrown in there.

Anyway since I'm here, I'll add; I agree with your assessment. Julian's swagger and confidence on the first album is unmatched, the delivery of his vocals and the cadence in which he sings the lyrics is far less predictable than on *Room on Fire*. The second album is slightly higher fidelity, but *Is This It* is much more charming. I sit around sometimes when listening and think, "This is the best sounding album that doesn't sound that good." It's cliche at this point but it's raw, energetic, fun. The second album peters out by the halfway point.


Are you seeing that FlyLo in 3D event?
How Freudian (?) how you just called *Room on Fire* Reptilia after talking about how uneven it can be compared to its biggest hit.
What changed?
I respect your opinion, I just want to comment that this corniness is exactly why I dislike Pulk/Pull's lyrics. Would have preferred no words (from a children's book).
Yeah I have, that one is my favorite so far. I'm really trying to give them a fair shot, Pavement seems like the type of band not too be taken so seriously from my short experience. I'm missing the jumping off point from where it is an enjoyable listen to, "Wow this is one of the best indie albums."
[TIL that "Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors" was developed from an attempt at recording "True Love Waits" during the OK Computer sessions](https://www.reddit.com/r/radiohead/comments/6971zp/til_that_pulkpull_revolving_doors_was_developed/)

[IMBW&AMSP versions of "True Love Waits" combined with casette loops](https://www.reddit.com/r/radiohead/comments/6mt4l1/imbwamsp_versions_of_true_love_waits_combined/)

Here are some links. This was a recent discovery coinciding with the release of the OKC 20th anniversary reissue. There are two loop tracks on the special edition cassette that the above links used to compare with TLW and Pulk/Pull. It's a decent track, but for Radiohead that's not a compliment unfortunately. Not to mention that the aural effect you are describing is better on "Like Spinning Plates".

And for the most part I would agree with your analogy of Hunting Bears, because that's more or less what it is. The rumor is that it is two Brian Eno tracks melded together that they ended up adding to *Amnesiac*. I love Radiohead, I'm just trying to be honest with myself about this album.



"Morning Bell/Amnesiac" is ham-stringed by being lesser to the *Kid A* version.

"Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors" is a failed attempt at doing "space loops" for the way better song "True Love Waits" that would make an appearance on AMSP. The lyrics are from an English children's book.

"Hunting Bears" isn't bad, but it's pretty much Brian Eno worship.

The problem with asking for swaps with other Kid-Amnesiac B-sides is that the *Amnesiac* cuts are the leftovers after arranging the tracks for *Kid A*. Which ones would you actually swap?


Woah never noticed that all the setups in the Cave faced East until now. Really makes you think 🤔
It only came out last week; it's interesting and worth a listen.
Bjork strikes me as way more deserving of praise than Pavement but I still need to give *Slanted and Enchanted* a third play and try out *Wowee Zowee*.
Don't encourage them...
Yeah I second this. It was a shame TQID went up against Homogenic because TQID is in my top 5 but Homogenic is close behind.

edit: downvoting for opinion is lame af
I can't get into these Pavement albums... I'm failing to see why these are both in the top 16 for that favorite album bracket. What is special about them?
I require the true lyrics to Polyethylene Pts. 1 & 2.
7 against 5 might technically be valid music theory but it doesn't sound particularly good. My peasant ears might be to blame. I do like the lyrics to Frownland for what it's worth.
Live, in stereo
My controller sucks but I get it 95% to the right and like 65% to the left. On UCF it's 100% on both sides. Notching every controller I own is a huge waste of time for me personally.
Look up Canadian Bill C-16 and then read some articles (from multiple sources) about it. That's why the left hates him.
That song blew me away last week when I saw her perform it live. Really appreciate the modesty you are displaying here. "Hurt Less" is great, thank you.
Saying "Pavement is the best band of the '90s" is a meme. Just like saying ITAOTS is one of the best things since sliced bread. And yeah I would agree that they are better than Nirvana.
lmao they really just echoed the Pavement best band of the '90s meme...

I think we will be seeing a lot more "indie is dead" articles soon.
Bloom is so engaging, you can listen to it so many times and focus on something different each time.
Oh my bad... Madlib is possibly my favorite musician/producer as of late, I just don't talk about him on this sub because it's not hip-hop focused.
honestly *Slowdive* by Slowdive
This is my pet peeve, you aren't going to say what music you're talking about?
Now that TLW is an A-side, it is my favorite B-side.
^ SOTY
My tendency for self-destructiveness is totally *in* this fall.
Just know I read the first three sentences of your *Sprained Ankle* review for inspiration, and I am self-owning myself instead of posting about *Emergency & I*.
Madlib: I listened to ________ (bonafide essential album) for the first time last night and I can't believe I've waited _______ (duration of time)! I'm kicking myself for not listening to __________ (profilic singer/songwriter) earlier! It makes me feel _______ (exaggerated emotional state). I highly recommend it if you hate your life!!!
How enjoyable were they live? I'm sure they are good since it kick-started you to listen to more post-punk but I think I will go tomorrow (today).
According to this sub, fall comes around and it's super exaggerated romantic depression time for sixth months.
Her last line seals the deal with its self-awareness.
Sorry, it seemed like they were all paywalled when I first tried to sort through the sources.
Two of their best for sure, I just love how the audience at the 2000 performance is clearly flabbergasted, and even though there is an ambient crowd mic, they don't know exactly what to make of *Kid A*.
What do you like? The radio is not a good way to listen to new stuff. The internet is king now.
~~It's a shame that the source the wikipedia article is citing is not online~~. My intuition is that the induced angular momentum allows the ball, the screwdriver to remain stable until the precession wobble is too high and it becomes unstable.

Edit: actual reading material


["Newtonian Description of Lift of a Wing"](http://lss.fnal.gov/archive/2001/pub/Pub-01-036-E.pdf)

["Bernoulli Conundrum"](https://web.archive.org/web/20120225115505/http://www.introphysics.info/Papers/BernoulliConundrumWS.pdf)

[Coandă effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coand%C4%83_effect)

[Coandă effect example](http://lecdem.physics.umd.edu/services/demos/demosf5/f5-03.htm)

[Retrainment](https://web.archive.org/web/20141213125404/http://www.physics.umd.edu/deptinfo/facilities/lecdem/services/QOTW/arch13/a256.htm)
Practical advice, just tag people in this sub with a small note to remind you that they tend to have opposing viewpoints so that next time you realize it's about 10 people every time.
I was there that day as well! At one point while she was performing she was about 6 inches from my face, I was star-struck. I talked to her a little after the show too. I remember I complimented "Till Death" in particular, and she said it was the first time they played it live at a show, excluding this I suppose.
hey i like your writing :)
terrible advice
If her bio is not word-for-word her rant [about CRT televisions](https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2013/11/bjork-explaining-television-is-everything-youd-imagine-bjork-explaining-television-to-be/281589/), I would be disappointed.
the bootleg of Radiohead July 4, 2000 in Berlin
It's a Björk kinda day for me, and I haven't seen this discussed yet. Anyone have the sneaking suspicion that naming an album *Utopia* and tag-lining it "the Tinder album" suggests she has no idea what Tinder actually is like?   
1. Helplessness Blues
2. The Shrine~An Argument
3. Kept Woman
4. Sim Sala Bim
5. Mykonos
6. Montezuma
7. Ragged Wood
8. Mearcstapa
9. On Another Ocean (January / June)
10. Oliver James

This was tough, would have included tracks 1-3 on Crack-Up somehow but I feel like they are a packaged deal. Crack-Up doesn't have easy to pick stand outs like *S/T* or *Helplessness Blues*.
Man that sucks you live in between North and South Korea.

I kid but this is realistic, I just wanted to ask if the paycheck to paycheck gag is their shtick (as in they are fibbing) or is it their lifestyle and rent is very expensive?
Whenever I see the word overrated on a forum, I will ask why they think so if they didn't support their claim. On Twitter that's not really to be expected though, it's not the place to discuss (anything).
I think it's indicative of American culture's post mortem on the 2016 election, trying to surgically remove themselves from what they think is the root problem of the culture. I don't want to talk much about it here, I don't think it is allowed. There is also an element where larger media corporations are trying to delegitimize independent voices.

 His reputation is essentially ruined, his fanbase is used to justify distain for his platform. I really do not think the article had any ground to stand on, only a few months ago he trashed King Gizzard just as hard as he did Hopsin in his meme series. I am far more interested on what people think about "meme culture" and how it has been inextricably linked to the Alt-Right. There really isn't any way to change course now.

So in short it did not change my mind but it made me very uneasy of American culture. We rip each other apart everyday. Anthony Fantano is not important, the article is just one example of something more sinister.
The Smiths are plebian now? I hate the internet.
Saying a band is overrated toes the line between appearing subjective and objective. Most people realize it's your opinion, but being overrated involves telling other people that you think they are wrong on some level.
Hmm.. weird, I find Crack-Up way more immersive than the self-titled. S/T is built like a compilation of sing-a-long songs in comparison to HB and CU. *Helplessness Blues* is the most autobiographical in its lyrics, I think for this reason it's more successful than either in achieving its goals. I admit I don't quite "get" *Crack-Up* yet, but I don't feel S/T has much to "get" lyrically.
No but it's coded to make XML, images, and text that you put in your own overlay. You need to be moderately resourceful. It couldn't be much easier.
Scoreboard Assistant by 8wayrun is the best I have ever found.
My high school Spanish teacher would play anything from Talking Heads to Beach House to latin music and more at the start of every day; he was way cooler than ~~me~~ anyone in my high school.
I would much rather listen to Bloom, but I may humblebrag about hearing Twisted Words live slightly more.
Can anyone recommend me stuff that's similar to the Xiu Xiu Twin Peaks record/original OST for that matter? (don't @ me if you didn't like it lol)
It also highlights the slums vs. luxury class struggle that goes on in both movies.
I wonder how many female indie musicians were directly inspired by Karen O.
My biggest gripe with that show is that the parents have no chemistry at all and I had no reason to care about their family. The locals were far more interesting.
No "Past Life" edition?? 
AOTY
1. This is the best Radiohead album for me. However I think *In Rainbows* is the most indiehead Radiohead album so I'm not surprised that many people here think IR is better.
2. Favorite track: Paranoid Android, runner-up No Surprises. Least favorite: Electioneering (sorry thom chomsky)
3. No preference, I prefer that they change their sound every time.
4. Umm yeah duh this is the best album on the whole damn list.
*A Church That Meets Our Needs* - Lost in the Trees

I honestly think this is one of the better albums that most have never heard. It's orchestral folk/pop about the stages of grief, so it fits the bill of this post 100%.
I mean you said the jbrekkie album wasn't good so that was understood
I've had that thought as well, I think "Palo Alto" foils "Fitter Happier" and has a bit more depth. Both suffer from a very loud mix so it's a 1:1 trade in my opinion, with the OKNOTOK remastering being a bit better for both.
Wow, brave. Never seen anyone on this sub speak kindly of Keane.
Why are you baffled do you have trouble with the logic you just put forth??
It can't be fixed if it's intentional.
Having a symmetrical face and looking relatively healthy and they're already a 7 in my book
I would love for them to pursue the ideas behind Ill Wind on a hypothetical LP10. That said, Spectre is such a great track.
1. "I'm not living, I'm just killing time."
2. "Because we separate
Like ripples on a blank shore"

HM: entirety of Harry Patch and The Daily Mail
remember last week when you asked if industrial pop was a genre? hehe.
ugh...

whatever all I am trying to say is that the new st. vincent is really mischaracterized as some glitzy pop album that also includes "Happy Birthday Johnny". Also no I don't like modern Beck that much.
Droning is OP
Bit of a literal read on my post, I mainly just posted this because this sub seems to have implicitly agreed that it's Annie's worst album. Also wanted to throw out that the production on both is not as sinful as people made out it would be.
Damn, they are all out of my league.
How dare you be nuanced on this online forum,,
S/T is nearly exactly what I am looking for when I'm looking for something dreamy, ethereal, introspective. First few plays didn't do it justice, but now it puts me in the exact right space. Souvlaki just doesn't fill that niche, while it is still good and all.
How blasphemous is this statement -- *MASSEDUCTION* and *Melodrama* are both top 10 material this year.
Listen to the next song on Pablo Honey and the worst song in Radiohead's discog will reveal itself to you.
The Let Down is underrated meme is underrated.

There needs to a bit more outward reference to the band in the design or else you look like you are broadcasting your problems instead of poking fun.
What are The Weird Sisters?
Thank you! Half Waif is something I need to do a little bit of homework to digest. There were a surprising amount of layers and styles her band put forward in such a short time span. Overall, it was a killer show and I think anyone with a passing interest in Julien should experience her live. Only show in the running for me was jbrekkie at Black Cat, but even that had some hiccups, while Julien was masterful.
Ditto, I actually went to that same show, and I wrote a [mini-review](https://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads/comments/7778qr/wednesday_daily_music_discussion_october_18_2017/dok0qod/) of my experience. I was so immersed someone could have knocked me over like a domino.
'tis the season my dude. I got into him because of Daniel Rossen of Grizzly Bear, TVZ is so underrated.
[**3x3**](http://www.tapmusic.net/collage.php?user=kmeyers323&type=7day&size=3x3&caption=true&playcount=true)
-----
Just know that I have been listening to The Smiths all week.

I saved The Glow Pt. 2 for a dusk time ride home after getting knocked out of a video game tournament and it felt right.

Annie Clark is a genius.

Kurtney is better than I thought on closer expection.

Mitski is my indiehead icon.

*Slowdive* > *Souvlaki*. Also I had a souvlaki on the way to see Julien Baker and it was v. good. Julien is possibly an angel.

Poppy is better consumed audiovisually.

Also, listen to William Tyler if you like loop pedals and alt-country. Particularly *Geography of Nowhere* and "Highway Anxiety".

Shout out to Judee Sill. Do you like Townes Van Zandt at least?

Also how about *Five Leaves Left*
yes
*Rolls 2 six-sided dice* 
Wow, "The Tourist" is really an underrated gem!
The St. Vincent breakdown was interesting because she's so witty and you never know if she's giving you the straight answer.

 I think these are popping up so that the albums have a bit more of a chance of staying in the spotlight longer, because unfortunately that has become a huge problem.
Some Opportunities Are Bigger Than Others
I am totally on pace with your Smiths posting  today
[And we all know which t-shirt it would be](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/911o89uG3EL._UX342_.jpg)
alvvays - I'd rather listen to Moz and Johnny

LCD Soundsystem - American Dream - I'd rather listen to what James listens to

Phil Elverum

Nirvana - Nevermind (very top heavy)
thatsthejoke.jpg
I think we should just lift this gag and meme about "The Tourist" instead.
Con: You are practically this gag to a tee: [Man Magically Transforms Into Music Historian While Talking to Women](http://thehardtimes.net/news/man-magically-becomes-music-historian-talking-women/) (Hard Times article).
I also learned this a few months ago
I got on the bandwagon in 2011, and I have to say, I like it a lot. Really hard for me to place in terms of "worst-to-best", but it engaged me all the way through, which is a problem I have with her work sometimes.
Oh Angelo!
I didn't know Odd Future was back in the studio!
Yes, there is region lock on Gamecube. Yes, you could gut your Gamecube, you can also do a bit of DIY soldering and create a little switch that flips between USA and Japan. 
Or let's just not promote this behavior it's not a good look
Full disclosure I'm a GameCube nerd so I'll lay it down; the orange spice controllers were available in the U.S. but every other orange console/peripheral were Japan only.
Yoshiko Sai, Shiina Ringo, Nakajima Miyuki, Ryo Fukui, The Pillows, Coaltar of the Deepers, Casiopea

So thank you to all of those who encouraged me to see Julien Baker last night (plus Petal and Half Waif). Her presence is quite stunning, the crowd was so quiet that you could hear the slightest clink of drink glasses behind the bar. It was humbling to listen to her banter between songs, where she primarily discussed how grateful she was to be performing. She took about 3 or 4 songs to actually look towards the audience and not above or below us, until she sang "Everybody Does" and many in the crowd sang along. After that she really opened up and the whole process, it was heartwarming. Seeing her live really pulls the music into the third dimension, it was tangible.
Stones Throw, Matador, Jagjaguwar, Warp, Dead Oceans, Young Turks...
Let's be honest, none of the hip hop albums will have a fair shot. Public Enemy would beat Lift Yr. Skinny Fists literally anywhere else for example.
all these things except ain't nobody had a orange gamecube back in the day
"An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @JnnyG's slither.io high score is a fraud."

"Dreamers, they never learn. Sad! Crooked Thom is daydreaming while I build this tremendous wall."
I have been brainstorming about this for a while. I think it is a bit of a slow shutter than you would traditionally shoot. Another way I think you can pull this off is by taking many shots in succession and digitally compositing them on top of each other. This way you don't introduce digital noise from longer exposures. 

Fairly sure that the *Loveless* cover is more than one type of guitar transposed on top of each other. [*Kill for Love*](http://images.bigcartel.com/product_images/61570799/chromatics_KillForLove.jpg?auto=format&fit=max&h=1000&w=1000) is a more traditional photograph, looks like a double exposure, and a prop, such as a prism to get some of that color bleed. There really isn't any bokeh in either of these photos in my opinion. There is bokeh in that picture you posted, you would get that if one particular piece of the subject was glimmering and you had your lens wide open.
Grizzly Bear at 9:30 Club was the best concert I have ever seen. Here is the[ review for the day previous to my experience](https://consequenceofsound.net/2012/09/live-review-grizzly-bear-at-d-c-s-930-club-920/). I stood front row transfixed, perpendicular to Chris Bear, their drummer. If *Painted Ruins* is any indication, he is a better drummer than he was then. The four (+ one) of them were in perfect form, I love the way their songs bounce off of their two main vocalists. I was consistently blown away by all four core members. I cannot wait to see them in November.

One thing that they learned while touring with Radiohead during their *In Rainbows* tour, Grizzly Bear respects that shows are a visual performance as well as auditory. Their light fixtures during the *Shields* tour were excellent, I have no doubts for this tour after snooping around Ed Droste's insta for the past few weeks.
I just started using last.fm scrobbling because I like the aspect of documenting what I was listening to during a span of time. I have RYM because I've been obsessing over condensing my favorites of all time and per year in the past few years. I have a huge Excel sheet that has a list of classics that I have been poring over as well. I've heard mentioned that people use Discord bots to choose random albums from a master list as well, I just use the Excel embedded random number generator for that sometimes.
Interior crocodile alligator
Yeah, you're right. It's goofy. This is appreciable. I liken this to indie rock Seinfeld.
> So these days I... Plug 'em up

Can't tell if I hate or love this line, but definitely love the next few lines from Courtney. Sums up my experience with this album.
Highly suggest anyone to go check out her facebook post that presents this music video. Very touching tribute to her mother, Michelle is one of the best.
I've only heard good things about the venue, 9:30 club would have sold out in 5 minutes, and Merriweather would be cold and not the vibe for LCD at all. This is ideal.
This is why people pontificate about the Oxford comma. The best answer is King Krule to me. Releases 2013*, 2015 (as an alias), 2017.
The more important question: specimen /u/MQRedditor believes he is living in 2015. Where did two years of his life go? Find out next time, on this comment thread.
exclusively aphex twin, and it never shuts up about it
I assumed he wasn't accurate, really not enough information.
Should I go last minute to the Julien Baker concert at 9:30 Club tonight? Anyone going? Also if you know about Half Waif and Petal, your recommendation could convince me. 
tell your friend he is being dense and recommending people music is fun and not lame

edit: i think the answer is King Krule
I really like the album, but I feel like there is a shortage of ideas on that particular track. 
Everyone around you is thinking, "What's this guys deal with lemons??"
Yes, but I fundamentally disagree. Los Ageless outro is not traditional in my opinion. You'll never see me complain about verse chorus verse... that's most music and I'm not ready to reject that wholesale.
Critiquing verse chorus verse in "pop-about-pop" is kind of silly and besides the point.
News doesn't sell. The more inflammatory statements will always get higher ratings. This is one of their shows that is supposed to appeal to younger demos. In a way, this is a perfect endorsement for Radiohead. FOX News is the antithesis of culture at large. *Turns on the song "The Daily Mail"*
Somehow I was nostalgic for my teens while in my teens because of this album. "We Looked Like Giants" is a little too good.
There are a couple of factors at play here that definitely have an effect on album length. First is the length per side on a LP record, which is about 22 minutes. The second factor is attention span, 50 minutes is around the time that lectures and meetings are scheduled for, I see no reason that this is not a factor in music as well.
I'm glad that this album is a bit divisive here. I hate safe records that carve indie acts into the same niche. I hate indie being classified as "chillout indie" and having onlookers and naysayers judge indie music as stuff to put on as UO background elevator music. I personally give it about a 9 or 10, which puts it around my #1 or #2 for the year. 

Giving *MASSEDUCTION* and *Lotta Sea Lice* the same score (within days of the two reviews) is questionable to me. *Lotta Sea Lice* is about a 7 exactly in my internal scale. It's a lazy, chill, low stakes record that I still enjoy but not enough to shower praise upon. St. Vincent's album does a lot more for me and I love it after a handful of plays.

Edit: I would like to do a poll where I ask people's perceptions of  albums in the same headspace from this year, namely Fleet Foxes, FJM, Arcade Fire, and St. Vincent.
I've never listened to the Very Best of the Smiths as a release, but if you just look over the tracklisting, it's OP af. Another example is Joy Division's *Still* and *Substance*.
It's live show importance and excellent music video really propel it to heights it would not have reached without these outside factors.
We need a pro-love movement like the 60s. Or like a sadpeopledate. Like pair a Reddit boi with a Tumblr grrrl. Puberty 2
Jeb!
Man
i'm with you, youuuu
I haven't gotten around to that one yet but I've read good things! Thanks.
> lmk 

What's LMK
The reason I do not believe in Arcadians in MD/VA is because I do not believe in Xanadu. They have hosted Arcadians with every Smash game on the same day, including PM. That's five tournaments, in a room that comfortably houses about 50 people, and uncomfortably 100 people. Oh, and during these past Xanadu Arcadians, there have been 200+ bodies in that room (sometimes in late spring when it's 95 degF outside/inside). During past Arcadians, it's abundantly clear that entrants are being exploited for their venue fee in exchange for a horrible playing experience. We do not need two Arcadians per year. The management would like you to believe that it is uncouth for The Cave to run their own Arcadian, but in reality, a Melee only Arcadian is a response to a market need for a tournament and venue that doesn't make you regret your life choices. The entry of this upcoming Xanadu Arcadian is reflective of their bad business practices.

Also, it's another point entirely that Arcadians have lost a lot of their intrigue due to all the best players already becoming ranked or in the uncanny valley between Arcadian winners and being ranked/ineligible. The Cave Arcadian seemed to me to be the first Arcadian in MD/VA that wasn't exclusively horrible.
^ Coldplay fan
PLEASE vote out I Promise already. This is ridiculous. I've tried to break it to everyone softly. It's too dire at this point.
The title track but flipped on its head.
I Promise to vote out lil drummer boy sad boi remix 1997 2017 until the end of time
You'll go to hell for what your dirty mind is thinking.
I Promise is so overrated at this point, redeem yourselves
This is so weird and delightful. I love this
Everyone beat me to the Annie Clark compliment shower, but I just wanted to voice that "Savior" draws the slightest twinge of industrial pop a la NIN's "Closer" and it's really cool.

Edit: Also, the title track name-checks *The Black Saint and the Sinner Lady*, so anyone interested should look into its [liner notes](http://aln2.albumlinernotes.com/The_Black_Saint.html) written by Mingus' psychologist.
I can't turn off what turns me on (musically)
I'm with you. real ones tattoo Polyethylene right on their ~~face~~ flair
Wow y'all really are into the Lil' Drummer Boy, I didn't know that
The 1995 version is the epitome of young love. The Oslo 2001 version carries this lovelorn melancholy with a perfect amount of optimism for what may come. Album version is a  eulogy about love and accepting its place. The song has its own life cycle, outside of time, and for this reason it is truly one of the best songs Thom ever conceived.
Start with *The Black Saint and the Sinner Lady* or *Kind of Blue*. Then *Time Out*, *Giant Steps*. I'm not deep enough in the rabbit hole that is amazing late 50s and early 60s jazz, but definitely keep Louis Armstrong and Theolonius Monk in mind.

*Head Hunters*, *Bitches Brew* are jazz fusion and I suggest you check out the predecessors before you go into these.

Check out *Getz/Gilberto* and *Joao Gilberto* (self-titled) for bossa nova essentials.

Final rec... *Ella and Basie!*, Ella Fitzgerald is a legend as well.
I can see her channeling her fandom of Shiina Ringo, and if she did it would be flames. don't at me
I know that's you Thomo, and no I don't want to listen to you and Four Tet's eight-hundred-and-third remix of "The Gloaming".
To quote: 
> [No x 42]

&nbsp; ...


> Because you have not been

> Payin' attention
> AMA. Lots of Neurosis.

yea, but what did you listen to?
[5x5](https://imgur.com/HBpYhdg)
=

***Bonito Generation* - Kero Kero Bonito** - Hell yeah this is exactly what I didn't know I wanted. I listened to it four-five times alone just yesterday, which is why it's in position one.

***MASSEDUCTION*** - **St. Vincent** - I love this so far. Los Ageless went from being a meh single for me to something I like, Pills is actually a banger, title track is nice and goes with Savior pretty well... Also if you notice I listened to S/T multiple times this week, and *Strange Mercy*. I was pumped for this release.

***Hail to the Thief* - Radiohead** - I listened to this album again while walking around a furniture store on Sunday. This might be my least favorite Radiohead album sans *Pablo Honey*. You know how they say all killer no filler; this is few killers mostly filler. Oh well, they were headed in the right track for what came next.

***Lotta Sea Lice* - Courtney Barnett and Kurt Vile** - I was hyped for this, but in truth, this is all over the place in terms of quality. It has a weird balance though, on a 9 track offering, I like tracks 1, 5, and 9 the most. If I'm not mistaken, these are also the new creations on the album. It seems a bit lazy to me, which I guess is kind of the point. I just wanted more Courtney material.

***Loveless* - My Bloody Valentine** - The only way I can describe this album is that it's a slow-creeping addiction. I am inspired artistically by this album. That is all.

The only album on here otherwise that's new to me is Julien Baker, I watched a recent music video she put out and she's on my radar now. AMA 
>  Jack did a really fantastic job to create these sterile yet in-your-face sounds that work fantastically well.

yes yes yes, I find Pills, Masseduction, Savior, Sugarboy to be so brutally honest due to the production style. Also I think it's Sugarboy that uses a riff from Pills, love that effect. Whoever wrote that Pills' second half is a comedown from the high, literal, figurative, hit the nail on the head.

Hooray for *the Butt album*. 
I was into the idea of BAPE when I was in high school and was a big fan of Pharrell, too poor to buy in though lol
I was so close to posting a nuclear-level hot-take as to my reasoning why I think she was going for new sincerity via poptimism, but I need to ruminate first.
Hmmmm.... it's almost as if this was the intended culture clash that St. Vincent was going for :thinking:
Robin Pecknold covering "My Girls" acoustic during the encore at Merriweather Post Pavilion in 2011
There is some distinction between pre-written freestyle and off the top of the head freestyle, but it's blurred because people use the same word for both. So, you can't really tell, they would have to tell you. For example, Kendrick freestyled Hood Politics on the radio before TPAB came out, he didn't rehearse it with the particular beat but it was pre-written.
ha ha lol hi /u/Pnnsnndlltnn's boss
In the moment, I may vote for Daydreaming, but that's the de facto 11 I agree.
Or that one meme I can't find that said, "if I wanted to listen to a man and woman complain at me for an hour, I'd go to lunch with my parents"
According to dr.loudness-war.info, Grizzly Bear never had the dynamic range you are claiming. Yellow House had "average" in comparison to the rest being poor. I'm not ready to take this opinion very seriously (I haven't heard the album yet).

edit: please stop gatekeeping
Are there any drawbacks to this black magic?
this is an intraview, we've transcended
I don't think you are trashing it, I am just hoping to glean more information from what you are saying. One of the strongest themes of Remain in Light is identity. I can definitely see the comparisons a little bit clearer now. I am still trying to unwrap the African styles with the "Listening Wind" track. Either way, it's genius, the world could use this type of sympathetic outlook.
Feeling like a cog in the machine is the central tenant of OK Computer. If you haven't already, I think "Meeting People is Easy" is an excellent tour documentary that does a lot to characterize the emotions Thom was feeling while endlessly touring. You can really empathize with how he felt that his humanity was being divorced with his job. This is still readily apparent in "Once in a Lifetime," but the language and sonic landscape of OK Computer feels like it was made for my generation. I do not have cultural literacy with afro-beat in a way that I can engage with it subconsciously.
it's called lomography and it's an art form ok
This comment intrigues me. OK Computer is my all-time fave, and I like when someone challenges it. Which themes are you speaking of specifically, the ones about isolation, or the ones about government paranoia, both? Also what do you mean going off?

I admit, it takes me a while to move beyond the viscerally engaging production style of Remain in Light, where I feel the production style of OK Computer mirrors the themes exactly.
Don't want to be specific, but it was a tribute night to Mad Decent DJs.
*500 Days of Summer* and Urban Outfitters ruined everything.
[Companion piece: liberal arts girl](https://i.redd.it/n9niag5rh5cz.jpg)
You can't convince me that everyone with an alvvays flair *isn't* the same person
Let me tell you, mentioning this supergroup in public gets either A. blank stares B. Nirvana references.
Just want to say that *Currents* was my 2015 AOTY, and my only complaint is the vocal effect on "Past Life". Kevin Parker is ahead of his time, he's tapped into underground styles in a way people didn't notice while always knowing how to write a great hook.
I thought others should know regardless.
At the behest of my friend, I went to an EDM show over the weekend. The formula was relatively simple, play out a certified hit, add a bit of flavor, then drop. So they did this many times with a lot of success, and then "In for the Kill" by La Roux came on, and everyone stopped dancing. When the drop hit, everyone re-awoke from their momentary apathy. I don't get it, that's a dance hit... And no one cared.
I love the [Kurt and Courtney](https://media.pitchfork.com/photos/59a631ef52efb85dd624908d/master/pass/CBKV_LoRes_LottaSeaLice.jpg) cover, I hope it's good. Friday is an exciting day for me.
> physical copies on my laptop/phone

*scratches my head*

 Something to keep in mind, any rip from before 2011 is going to be less than 128 kbps AAC. Now, you will be lucky if your audio is 192 kbps AAC. If you use a youtube2mp3 ripper, without controlling for the quality yourself, you might end up with even worse than that. The source is always more important than the bitrate too. I recommend using this application called Spek if you actually care about the quality of the tracks you download from obscure sources. The frequency cut-offs are indicative of the quality of your download. [Check this thread for some info](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/2t88ne/a_quick_guide_to_checking_the_real_bitrate_of/).

Also AAC > mp3 at the same bitrate.
airbag,,, saved my life (dab)
Meeting in the Aisle was their first instrumental, gone too soon!!
At this point it's relatively clear to me that my post, and this album will be controversial. I wrote this long post, but I deleted it in favor of waiting until I've heard the entire album. Check out the [DIYMag](http://diymag.com/2017/10/10/st-vincent-masseduction-album-review), [Pitchfork breakdown](https://pitchfork.com/features/song-by-song/st-vincent-breaks-down-every-song-on-her-new-album-masseduction/?mbid=homepage-more-latest-and-video), facebook press conference and live Q/A (dubious if it was live or not), and this [New Yorker article](https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2017/08/28/st-vincents-cheeky-sexy-rock) if you are interested in where I may have concocted this idea. I had a sneaking suspicion of this, but listening to this song and reading some of the early reviews suggested similar theories.

I really do not think she is selling-out in the traditional sense. My thesis is that she is cashing in her cultural capital as a newfound Grammy winner to posture as a bonafide pop star, not to lambast pop stars or their music, but to propagate her message to more people than she could have if she had not taken this posture. For goodness sakes, the tour is dubbed "Fear the Future".


I Approve Of This Hot Take
She's dope. Something that I think is super sweet is that the guitarist touring is actually her husband. So if she sings "Till Death" or "12 Steps" it's explicitly about him! As mentioned "Jane Cum" kills it live, and "Machinist" is really fun too.
While the world Tills Death,

Michelle wades through the darkness

And finds light in love.

----------------

Japanese Breakfast - *Soft Sounds from Another Planet*
Yes but that's the one word description of it's failing for me as opposed to their other work, which features just as much politics.
*Masseduction* is the most excited I have been for an album since the last time I was excited for an album. I think it could be *Everything Now* without the condescension.
It's a hopeless remark, it's not literal. More recently, people at festivals tend to chant the lyric, giving it a different meaning.
I think her new hairstyle is directly a reference to pop star fetishization. I think she chose this style because it's pseudo-normal, and to appeal to people outside of the indiesphere and plant some of her ideas in the minds of new people. The latex and sheer tights as a new costume to appeal to young men who can't help themselves. Check out this [genius annotation and the instagram embedded link](https://genius.com/12654519).   
To me, St. Vincent appears to be highjacking pop star cliches, having Jack Antonoff producing, selling thousand dollar signature guitars to make postironic social commentary. The first thing this song reminds me of is "Little Boxes". She is co-opting hypercapitalism and vapid imagery to make folk commentary.

Two singles was a pattern, three is a trend.

Edit: Someone asked me to elaborate on postironic undertones. Look no further than her interview series on instagram/facebook, one of the most image-conscious places on the internet. For example the black title card on one, "Insert question about what she thinks about selfies," to which she replies, "I think selfies have made it a lot easier to diagnose narcissistic personality disorder." The "live press conference and Q&A" was also a perfect example. The entire album cycle is a fourth wall breaking piece of the artistic statement.
Look up their cover of The Thief at 7/4/2000 in Germany. It's on youtube and elsewhere.
Beginning of Reckoner is pure euphoria to this day.
There was a time when it was very difficult to listen to "Harry Patch" and "These Are My Twisted Words", the former being one of the best tracks not to be featured on an album.
I love Radiohead B-sides. Talk Show Host, Bishop's Robes, Banana Co... definitely a good release. I can point you in the right direction for some of the harder to find ones, although most have found their way to the big streaming apps now.


> Dummy

Same year, same pick. It seems like it was a stellar year when you take a look at the releases.


...Squeaky Boots

I sneezed just looking at this :,)
they are using the downvote as the disagree button
Maybe "I'm glad they never released this before" was a bit harsh but I can't get behind it much besides the mellotron section. More so, I would say that I respect that they had a vision for their future (Kid A) that was no where close to some of these B-sides that would have solidified them as a '90s alt. rock band.
Your definition of popular is wildly different than my own.
Do you listen to primarily female musicians by choice or is it coincidence? I've noticed recently that a lot of the newer indie acts with refreshing perspectives happen to be women.
I want to advocate for some B-sides, because I feel they often get voted out based on title alone in these survivors. 

"Polyethylene" is Paranoid Android's little brother, and I will always love it for that. Those two make up my top picks.

"Palo Alto" and "Electioneering" are bedfellows, they both had the worst mixes of the bunch. However, "Palo Alto" in some form could have made this album even better than it already is. "Palo Alto" is interesting because it goes along with "Fitter Happier" as a call-and-response. "Palo Alto" is 'How Are You?' and "Fitter Happier" is '[I'm] OK Computer.' Still a good track imo.

"I Promise" is pretty boring and I'm glad they never released this song before. "Lift" is really nice, but I'm partial to the Pinkpop '96 performance of the track. "Man of War" is the *new* B-side I like the most. 
So glad that the instrumental was included with the OKNOTOK cassette. I've argued so many times in defense of Fitter Happier.
Honestly, it's more likely I would hear this copypasta IRL from a Radiohead fan than a Rick and Morty fan.
For the record, [this thread here](https://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads/comments/6yvrr2/molly_from_alvvays_here_ready_willing_to_field/dmqiql0/) is why I posted my original comment.
https://i.redd.it/4x7zd8dwzihz.png

^*shutters*
The fact that two comments in this thread contradict each other over the preferred cut of the original is the *exact* reason I have yet to watch the original. Paralysis by analysis/ paradox of choice :|
That alvvays meme with the matrimony police ruined "Marry Me, Archie" for me.
Would you say UMO is underrated? That thought has been flitting across my mind. Side-note, seeing them live is the reason I turned to the Pink Floyd debut, which I love. What's your favorite track on *Piper at the Gates of Dawn*?

Also the guy at my local record store recommended me to start at Bonnie 'Prince' Billy's *Master and Everyone*. They didn't have *I See a Darkness*; they had his more recent stuff all displayed.  
The other day I was listening to *A Moon Shaped Pool* and "Daydreaming" hit me harder than it ever had before. I'm so stressed out recently.

Favorite albums of the last few weeks are *Aromanticism* and *Relatives in Descent*.

Also, I'd like to know who listens to OKNOTOK over the "original"
release of *OK Computer*. The biggest upgrades seem to be the very noisy and loud production of "Palo Alto", "Electioneering", and others. See: loudness war. Apparently the arpeggiated synth at the tail-end of the track is clearer on "Let Down" than it was before. I don't notice it, seems like placebo to me. Also, I have been reading *1984* recently and the two go hand in hand.
I took this shot the other day, looks much better at sunrise than mine.
Check out the Os Mutantes album (pictured to the left of *In Rainbows*), *Os Mutantes*. Check out *A Divina Comédia...* if you liked that. Tropicália is something else.
You're right, they should have given TPAB a 10.
[Grizzly Bear - Losing All Sense](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Av-BCG0xjS0)
*basic opinions incoming:*


PH - Creep

The Bends - Street Spirit

OK Computer - Paranoid Android

Kid A - How to Disappear Completely

Amnesiac - Pyramid Song

HTTT - 2 + 2 = 5

In Rainbows - Reckoner

TKOL - Bloom

AMSP - True Love Waits
What college show did you see by the way? I have a similar story.
This is called the marginal propensity to consume.
My local venue waives the service fee is you buy the ticket at their box office. I don't know if this is common practice, but I have saved a lot of money this way in the past. I suggest you call them directly and avoid ticket websites as much as you possibly can.
This is a really big opportunity for Mitski. She could gain a lot of new fans among Lorde's fanbase I would imagine. It's surreal that I saw her play a set last year for free, and now I'm preparing to shell out $100+ to see her play again. Amazing lineup.
maybe this will work: https://github.com/rckclmbr/pyportify

or this https://soundiiz.com/

May go to that Julien Baker concert too. I saw DSO during the summer at Pier Six, seemed like a more appropriate venue.
It's there. 1990s section, row 4, column 7
I have tickets for Grizzly Bear and Kurt Vile + Courtney Barnett. Those are back-to-back days, but I think both of those shows are worth it. I'm also considering the St. Vincent show later in the year. How about yourself?
Damn... I actually got the email for the soft opening but they sold out already. 
You don't think they are not working on it right now?
I used to listen to that Broken Bells album all the time.

What are your thoughts of Atrocity Exhibition by Danny Brown? It's a bit too vulgar for me tbh... I like the way it sounds but that's all.

I also had a similar feeling with Lush - Split.
[Strawpoll here](https://strawpoll.com/ch97ghs6)

might as well
Depreston or Avant Gardener I mean c'mon
No causal link I would presume. Linking this doesn't do much but confirm biases. The left-leaning see it and say "I'm smart," while right-leaning see it as indoctrination and group think.
I can point you in the right direction for any radiohead files.

https://www.reddit.com/r/radiohead/comments/v2qkj/not_for_profit/c50urky/

The best way is to look into the Radiohub, mentioned in that post. Coachella 2012 has that sick Identikit version with the Ed backing vocals, enjoy.
I am a [Mitski](https://youtu.be/0lNFHD0lUAQ) fan because of this performance of "Class of 2013". It really spoke to me, and I absolutely adore the part where she sings into the strings and causes a resonant effect with the chords she played.
Absolutely hear the comparison, the album sounds great.
I have only listened through once myself, but the string arrangements sound like something Jonny Greenwood would write. Radiohead was the first comparison I made also.

On "Quarrel," Old school drum machine playing a Bossa Nova beat is something Radiohead would do. The drumming paired with the strings also draws the comparison for me as well, and this is not to say I find this album derivative.

"Lonely World" ending sounding like "Bloom", multi-tracking vocals, the subject matter itself all come to mind. It has a TKOL flavor to it all over the place.
This is how I prefer to listen to most any artist. With Radiohead, going out of order robs you of any context for the differences between The Bends -> OK Computer -> Kid A. 
I've noticed that for a week or two, I think it's a bot.
Yes but this is not standardized in any way. The final round for the B-sides came along with the same day as regular vote-out voting. Also I've seen it included in the gdoc before. 
Yeah, because these survivors are so damn confusing and half of the time you vote away the final song and half the time you vote to keep it.
I liked the Spider-Man games back then, best one was definitely 2, no question. The train scene and the scene where Peter gives up the suit are stellar, but I think the plot of 1 is much tighter.
I just rewatched S1 and S2, and I think S1 is better due to the relationship of Norman to Peter. Rest is good, including no ASM2.
Melee players refuse to play on high performance monitors for seemingly no reason. Wii component cables output 480p, so there is some conversion lag unless you have a monitor that line doubles, and since the players are so stubborn and cheap, the standard has not changed. Actually, there is one scene that plays on monitor, and it's in New England somewhere.

I watched some MvC:I so far, I need to sink my teeth into it. The footage I saw so far, the space stone seemed like a powerful tool. I also am interested in Dragonball Fighter, so far it seems like Arc System Works respected the property more than any other game dev.
The last sentence is why the game lives. Any other platform fighter I've ever touched feels like slow garbage compared to Melee. Honestly the technology holding up Melee will die before people stop playing it, and it's already approaching that point. Controllers are no longer sold, the Gamecubes and Wiis disc drives will die relatively soon, and CRTs suck ass.

edit: Also Melee is nearly all about game feel. There is enough variability in each interaction and punish that it is satisfying regardless of how cookie-cutter or solved it has become.

So Rev2 is your favorite current generation game? You interested in MvC:I at all?
For the record, as much as I love melee, including playing competitively for years, I agree it's not the best fighting game ever. It is interesting that its contemporaries that do have a real shot of being the best ever, MvC2, CvS2, 3S for example, get played way less than Melee does in recent years.
Very funny, but it really doesn't sound like you know much about melee.
what's your favorite?
Yes yes yes, I've been trying to spread the word about Acabou Chorare to as many people as possible.
I only have ~3 months of data. I'll have to wait a year :( i just learned how to scrobble from my ipod and from my PC that i listen to nearly anything that I own.

June - Janelle Monae - The ArchAndroid

July - Japanese Breakfast - Soft Sounds from Another Planet

August - Sparks - Kimono My House

September - The Microphones - The Glow pt. 2 


Somewhat related, but I recently saw a video where Post Malone tried to crowd surf at his show. It looked like every single person had their phones up, recording him. I can't imagine trying to jump into the crowd at a show like that.
remember when they quoted the response to an instagram post in which the comment stated he spoke with the drummer on the release date of the album? good 'ole NME.
Is that praise??? lol
Jane Cum live is probably the best. I feel like I would go see them play live any time they come around.

Did you talk with her or was she just at the bar? 
No, did I sound unreasonable? 
Ugh so my 17 year old, military bound cousin just posted this on Facebook this morning and I'm in a pickle. It's one of those things where you can't comment because he's family and other family members agree with his stance, but it's so utterly silly to me. I wanted to post it here because it has been bothering me all day.

> "Refusing to stand during the National Anthem is NOT protest towards the president BUT it is instead an INSULT to our men and women who have DIED for that anthem and the flag. You are not making a change but only DISRESPECTING the people who have made the ultimate sacrifice."

Ironically, he is named after Dale Earnhardt, and Dale Jr. has been in the news today because he reminded his fans that all Americans have the right to protest. Very sad stuff in that his idol is stating a relatively simple fact that has become so divisive among those who claim to be unwavering patriots.
Red as in Republican or Communist? Personally, I see no reason to register as Democrat, because their primary system is so undemocratic due to superdelegates. I'd rather vote in closed GOP primary and vote how I want elsewhere than an alternative.
It's pretty clear when that's not the case. Most pop music for example, any Beyonce album not named Lemonade, Beatles prior to Rubber Soul, etc. But yeah if that is true, it is sad.
Weird statement from your friend, 7 songs for one artist excludes most albums. I wonder how many people listen to albums in full outside of big fans of certain artists.
You do it to yourself, you do
If you mean the type of people who respond to YouTube comments and twitter, yes all of these people suck. I was hooked on TYT last year, but I am done with it now.
it definitely said girl
Here's a few articles to look at, with some disgression of course. There is an [Interstate Crosscheck System](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/20/this-anti-voter-fraud-program-gets-it-wrong-over-99-of-the-time-the-gop-wants-to-take-it-nationwide/?utm_term=.0118be3e4d0e) that is used to remove certain names from voter registration across states. The problem addressed in that article is that it is woefully inaccurate. [Here's another article](http://www.gregpalast.com/election-stolen-heres/) by a journalist who discusses how the system is used to purge voter rolls in important swing states. It is known that lower turnout favors Republicans.
Kill me now
Whenever I see the alvvays flair or their s/t album cover, I am always thinking about [The Piper At the Gates of Dawn](http://www.hipgnosiscovers.com/images/piper94_cd_canada.jpg). One of my favorites actually, ever since Ruban Nielson of UMO covered "Lucifer Sam" at a show I attended. 

Honorary alvvays flair today. I have been listening to Antisocialites a lot this week, deciding how much I like it. I can't shake the comparison of Ladyhawke for some reason.
I think it gets overshadowed by Fake Plastic Trees, poor track ordering imo.
Use radiohub or dimeadozen
It's hard to go into anything with such gargantuan expectations. What are you into musically?
That's like his kink.
Can I see your rym
They are included in the '90s, Kid A would be their second album on the list if voted in.
Really happy with this album. Love the soundscapes of Glass Hillside, really evocative, excellent synth work. Losing All Sense is one of their best ever and pulls serious *Pet Sounds* comparisons. Four Cypresses comes out on top for me, love the intro, and frankly I'm really impressed by Chris Bear to the point that I went back to the rest of the discography to listen to his improvement as a drummer. He seems to have been pulled up higher in the mix for this album and it sounds great. Systole seems to be hit or miss with a lot of people, but I enjoy Chris Taylor's voice as well, I get a Genesis vibe from that track, and it is also one of the few moments on this album that breathes. That's the main drawback for me, I could have used a more sparse track in the place where Cut-Out usually sits, doesn't help that I'm not enthralled by that one. Overall I give it a 8.5, but for the sake of whole numbers, I rounded it up to a 9/10.

Either my second or third favorite of this year.
Are you reading it in English or Spanish?
I'm going to go to that, and I'm seriously considering this [hat from her merch store](http://s0.limitedrun.com/images/1231964/v600_jay_som_hat.png). I'm not much of a hat guy either
agree except I'm not surprised at all that it's good stuff
Ever since Pitchfork released their top 200 albums of the '60s, I've been listening to *Tous les garçons et les filles* by Françoise Hardy. The album cover caught my eye as I was scrolling and I'm glad it did. I'm reading that it is a bit more tongue-and-cheek than typical ye-ye, she owns it a bit more. What do you recommend?
how about Spellingly?
Death is cunning, he slowly but surely kills your hands so he can tip the scales in his favor.
I found myself in a similar situation, and then later I found myself craving it.
Jane Cum live > Jane Cum recording and i love that song
Mannequin Pussy is girl power to the max, I wouldn't be worried at all. 
only 142 times less than Daft Punk did
Pulk/Pull's vocals have absolutely no meaning to me and I feel they make the song much worse than it would be as an instrumental. 

How Do You? is unbelievably bad and tonally awkward after Creep on Pablo Honey.
Is there a better indie-related meme page than Pleasure Vest & Pre-Distressed?
Somebody at the DC show had her sign a Dave & Buster's card, more clever than I.
ath-m50x, can anyone beat those for that price range?
The Bends is interesting because some of the B-sides are genuinely  as good or better than some of the album tracks. 
VI, IV, VII, V, III, I, II. Yeah I've only played the first seven. I'm saving IX for a rainy day, I didn't like the beginning of X, or the first few characters you meet. I do like the eastern artstyle as a change of pace though.
I wouldn't usually go there, but I 100% don't believe it's the bands job to smile and be chipper for the audience.
I don't think this argument is leveled against men.
It was siiiick I think I might go to their Baltimore show tomorrow. I really like their drummer. She is playing so many percussive instruments and she looks like she is really feeling their music. So was Jamie, but that's self evident. They use a Hello Kitty NDS as a part of their set up, which is pretty awesome.

Oh yeah, and we got to shout call the favorites, and I participated with others to ask for a "Ceremony" cover. They killed it. Only issue is they didn't get to play long enough.
I've seen it in print as "the best rap record you've never heard" which is an embellishment but definitely deserves more ears! I don't even know if the final streamable copy is from the original master recording or not, due to the record label limbo it went through.
Can you tell the difference between OKNOTOK and OK Computer, I feel like it's most noticeable for me on Let Down and B-sides.
Also the entire album sequence

Also Psychopomp -> Soft Sounds
[5x5, First time I'm participating in this thread](https://imgur.com/JeQBhXA)

The top row is composed of my three favorite albums of the year, plus *Cardinal* and *The Glow Pt. 2*. You know when you have a friend talk something up a lot, and you were genuinely meaning to go check it out, and then you forget? That's how I was with Pinegrove. I mentioned it briefly in a daily thread, but I love *Cardinal*! In particular, I like the sound of the mix and how it feels like I could be in the room with them playing. It's very genuine.

***Mr. Hood***, ***Bl_ck B_st_rds***, ***Operation: Doomsday:*** I've been listening to a lot of MF DOOM and his previous work. Lots of hip hop in general for the past few weeks, including Danny Brown, Lauryn Hill, Kanye, Fugees, Tyler the Creator, Vince Staples, and Eminem. As for this year's releases, for now I'm into *Big Fish Theory* than *Flower Boy*, although Tyler never did much for me before this album.

***American Dream*** - **LCD Soundsystem**: not too big on this release. It stayed around too long for its own good, I don't feel each song deserves its runtime. One thing about LCD Soundsystem that draws me is usually that it is dance-y while still providing some interesting subtext. In contrast, this album is a bit of a snoozer for me. The production doesn't meet the par, I don't like the echo faders or whatever you would call it on the drum machines in the first few tracks. Yeah, How Do You Sleep? and the closer are good, but the rest of it dragged on. Also one of the worst album covers I've ever seen.

***Black Origami*** - **Jlin**: I don't know if this is the "virgin effect" (a.k.a. I've never listened to footwork before) but this one grabbed my attention in a way that LCD Soundsystem did not. Time will tell whether this release will last, because I liked the first few spins a lot. I was listening to a fair bit of Arca around the first time I listened to this so that might have primed me to like it more.

***Sketches of Brunswick East*** - **King Gizzard**: Am I becoming jaded by this band...?

***Slowdive*** - **Slowdive**: I know this band is well regarded nowadays, but this was a sleeper for me this year. Could make its way onto my top 5 of the year.

***pleasure suck*** - **the spirit of the beehive**: I think this band is cool but I'm not sure if this one did much for me. I saw them open for Japanese Breakfast, which is why I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt, I enjoyed their live set.
Going to see Xiu Xiu tonight, it's probably going to be a small show. I don't know what to expect!
[here](https://i.reddituploads.com/bd2438d85de7420ea46a653c71ff7cd1?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=74d2ad262e2f8a8364d4e006ccad1ad9) it is fam
Body is a Blade -> Till Death -> This House (-> Here Come the Tubular Bells)
play Getz/Gilberto
the buzz,, has died 

No the real reason is that XM is too expensive for my blood 
what audio equipment are you rocking, if you don't mind?
Just when I thought I couldn't possibly be more obsessed with Jbrekkie...

Also, here is the title screen background incase you want to use it as the cover art for the MIDI version of *SSFAP*.

http://japanesebreakfast.rocks/BreakQuest/img/titles1/TitleScreen.png
I've seen that list, that's why I asked. Quantity in this case is not a bad thing.
yeah, I checked it out once the other day, really liked it so far. thanks all
Can someone suggest where to start with Kool Keith and J Dilla? I know this is not HHH, but I would appreciate it. I've already heard Donuts and Champion Sound.
Otherside - Chris McClenney 

He's worked with Khalid, check him out (even Location, actually).
I feel the same way the Salem people did before the witch hunts.
!! tbt. I used to read HRO a lot, carles had a stint on Sirius XMU also where he would ramble about stuff with an echo fade on his mic. I was into it. 
Trying not to repeat:

Lonerism, Bloom, St. Vincent, Currents, Sometimes I Sit and Think, and Sometimes I Just Sit., Puberty 2, Cardinal.

Check the sidebar though. 
I totally feel this post. I was high school when those albums released, and a big one for my area was also *Narrow Stairs* by Death Cab. Countless of my friends and classmates could be found wearing the Vampire Weekend world tour shirts espousing the gospel of VW. My ex from high school hated them and mockingly called them "Vampy Weeks" to take the piss out of them.
It's hard to argue against this being his best, but I recommend *MM..Food*, *Operation: Doomsday*, and *Vaudeville Villain*. Before he was MF DOOM, he was Zev Love X and made an album with KMD called *Mr. Hood* that's good. 

Madlib is more prolific and mysterious. He also has pseudonyms, like The Beat Konducta, Yesterday's New Quintet, and Quasimoto. *The Unseen* is similar to this album, check out *Champion Sound* if you want to hear his J Dilla collaboration, or *Shades of Blue* if you want to hear him cut up Blue Note jazz records. I really like *Madlib Medicine Show #2: Flight to Brazil* simply because he samples some of the best Brazilian music I've encountered thus far. This is a good [guide from RYM](https://rateyourmusic.com/list/Vocab/a_complete_guide_to__madlib/) to read for more!
Ultra Beasts were a mistake lol
A bit underwhelming imo. I'm not a fan of music with drops like this though.
You should elaborate on your own theory. I also find it interesting that Nude was debuted in a mix between it and (Nice Dream).
A Church That Fits Our Needs - Lost in the Trees
the mix is muddy
It's important that these players voice their concerns about the bottom of the tier list. This way you know which people in your local scene to avoiding speaking with.
no one cares about if you can beat bowser lmfao. The reason Marth players appear to be bad at other matchups is because they are. They get all of their best wins in the early stages of their Melee career against spacies, but it takes a completely different mindset to beat floaties and Sheik.
"it's a conservative thing, you wouldn't understand"
did someone say [pumpkin spice](https://i.imgur.com/tRI40bb.jpg) season? <3 <3
Yes, I'm asking if the secondary effect was influenced by more than that.
Something I've been thinking about since yesterday, do you think the fact that liking porn on twitter is so funny has to do with how reserved and puritanical Americans tend to be about porn? I know it's really funny that it was Ted Cruz or a staffer of his in particular, but it went uber viral.
I also find them painful due to the plastic construction.
would you say you're infinitely content?
It's lit. The key was copius amounts of booze for the record
"Moth", "Wolf Club", "Ego", "Mirror", anything else? Ego / Mirror also include Thom Yorke.
i've gone from staunchly opposed to *The Glow Pt. 2* to tepid admiration to solidly respecting it in about 3 weeks.
bingo
[Here is a link to the cue sheet](https://www.reddit.com/r/radiohead/comments/6mo7yf/official_oknotok_cassette_tape_discussion/dk3bam3/). Use this to split the cassette WAV files into the individual tracks. Please don't pirate their work!!
If James Murphy was going for the criticism of the American Dream, he could have done it in so many different ways that would far surpass this. *Bad Brains*, *Like Water for Chocolate*, *Things Fall Apart*, *To Pimp a Butterfly* etc. are examples of way more thought provoking images that deal with America's underbelly.

Let's talk about "so bad they're good covers". *The Life of Pablo* works in the way LCD Soundsystem wishes the *American Dream* cover works.
go devotion - teen dream - bloom. You can also add the self-titled to the beginning if you want to, I think those are the 3 big ones though.
Checkmate theists 
Kind of, but I like it when people gush about things they like. I've met too many people who are the opposite.
okay. /u/_Earthrise_, let me know if I can help you in any way
who's doing Soft Sounds from Another Planet?
Maybe you should just mention which albums you are referring to. It's not a coincidence that people don't find these things, there is a feedback loop of a big publication talking up an album.
I don't agree with this opinion either, frankly it's weird to just state it as a fact.
i have yet to see you post something positive/constructive
One flaw with RYM is that I would imagine people go down the list of one particular artist's discography. Also nothing stops you from rating every album you like as a 5/5. Democracy is hard.
I think he is a good example, my point being that his album GKMC is 1x platinum, while albums that are better suited for radio play like Taylor Swift's 1989 or Adele's 21 have done ten times that number.
warmthness bb
Yep, I had to confirm it for myself! He is pictured [here](https://www.spin.com/featured/japanese-breakfast-soft-sounds-from-another-planet-interview/), this is an insightful piece about the band that I found today.

I agree about SotB! I enjoyed that the male lead introduced the other guitarist, Kyle, multiple times instead of introducing themselves as a band. I shook that guys hand between sets, haha. I admit that their sound is way more of my style. Mannequin Pussy seemed to have written a few interesting snippets and filled the rest of each idea with a ton of heart. I don't know how well that would replicate itself on a recording. The visceral element could only be experienced by watching while listening.

Interesting you say that about U Street, I also dislike that place! I saw UMO with Alex G as a supporting act there 2 years ago. Because the mix was so bad during the Alex G performance, I honestly thought his band sucked. Fast forward to Rocket, and that's not true at all. Screwing up a mix for the opener can be detrimental because of first impressions like that. 

You've almost sold me on Mount Eerie. The fact that it's in a church weighs heavily as well. There are 10s of us DC indieheads! lol.

Also Swervedriver is performing *Raise* and *Mezcal Head* in their entirety next week. That is promising. /longpost
love the synth arpeggios on that one
Do you mean the 2001 performance or the OG one from 1995?
I loved the performances, the whole band sounded great. Did you know that the guitarist is the lead singer's husband? They both played an awesome set, and I felt that the connection there added a lot to the "Till Death" and "12 Steps" performances. 

I was center-right in the front row, and I could watch the sound engineer scurrying back and forth from her station. Mannequin Pussy and Spirit of the Beehive had more egregious technical errors, but frankly the former had so much energy that I didn't mind that there was way too much feedback into the monitors. The  singer for SotB was really beating himself up after their performance, but I think they did fine. Still a shame that they had a few hiccups.

I was thinking about the Mount Eerie show, I have the same concerns that /u/detailsinthedevil has about how sad it would be. I think I'll pass and consider seeing Big Thief on Saturday. It's a good weekend for DC!
> Westside Gunn x DOOM album 

yooo what? That's crazy. I couldn't find a release date but I'm excited. Also Amnesiac comparisons are nice, I'll have to check it out.
check out this poster I made by overlaying all the album covers on top of each other in GIMP
Yeah that was pretty funny. One of the more interesting release cycles for me
Did anyone watch the St. Vincent album "press conference?" It was kind of interesting, it seemed like she rehearsed the whole thing to be uncanny. It felt like a commentary on modern consumption of music. 
With great power, comes great responsibility. - Obi Wan Kenobi - Uncle Ben
> 1 upthom = -1 hurricanes

1 upthom + 1 hurricanes = 0

2*( 1 upthom + 1 hurricanes) = 0

2 upthoms + 2 hurricanes = 5

2 + 2 = 5 

The math checks out
In that case, go for it! I have given it more than enough listens that it's my #1 of 2017 already.

also if anyone wants to meet I'm down.
There are no bad tracks on AMSP, it's as simple as that.
I'm abstaining today to build the hype
1. *Soft Sounds from Another Planet* - Japanese Breakfast
2. *Capacity* - Big Thief
3. *Painted Ruins* - Grizzly Bear
4. *Crack-Up* - Fleet Foxes
5. *Flying Microtonal Banana* - King Gizz
6. *Arca* - Arca
7. *A Deeper Understanding* - The War on Drugs
8. *DAMN.* - Kendrick Lamar
9. *Melodrama* - Lorde
10. *Pure Comedy* - Father John Misty

My goal for the rest of the year is to fill out the back half of my top 10 with releases I missed because I'm sure I will find better stuff than a few of these.

I'm going. I'm so excited
Seeing Japanese Breakfast today! Possibly Big Thief on Saturday. hell yea
especially because I've seen it called the Arkham trilogy but not the Arkham Asylum trilogy
ikr... everything on the chart that I have listened to I have liked, so I saved it for later.
that flacc prob,
I see what you're saying, but the radio is basically filled with bangers. If people stream the top 40 bangers all day long, they will end up with a hundreds of thousands of "album equivalent units" (or whatever the term is) pretty easily, and thus become gold and platinum certified. Kendrick Lamar is arguably the best artist alive right now and TPaB and GKMC are only single platinum.

The only people still buying and listening to Sufjan are his fans and indieheads. I think 500k record sales (or the equivalent) is pretty damn good considering that the radio isn't pulling for indie music like it is for pop or hip hop today.   

Edit: also it looks like the Arctic Monkeys also just got their debut RIAA gold.
Good tbh
no i hadn't... I didn't say there wasn't a problem but you dragged me so damn hard
What are some songs I can listen to so I can make my own opinion? I don't really know this character.
lol this is simultaneously a huge spoiler and not one at all due to the absurdity of the tea kettle
I think this is why the soundcloud rapper movement is so interesting. Chance the Rapper seems to be moving in the opposite direction of the sexist side of hip-hop, and he was one of the biggest names in music in 2016. I think Lil B also is responsible for a lot of this, ironically. Brockhampton is an interesting look into hip-hop and how it is changing.
William Tyler is a talented guitarist who doesn't sing in his solo work.
As long as you like Radiohead, it's all good in my book.
Pinegrove's *Cardinal* slipped right past me in 2016. Wtf I love this album. It sounds like they are playing the music right next to me.

Listened to *Hug of Thunder* by B.S.S. today and *Orcs* by Thee Oh Sees. *Hug of Thunder* is going to require quite a few more listens, but I really like it so far. I can see why Ed Droste of Grizzly Bear said it was his favorite of the year. It sounds like their music rubs off on him. Did I miss when people talked about this album? It seems like it flew under the radar a bit.

I don't think I have tried so hard to listen to all of the new releases since I was in high school in 2012. It's fun though.
 
Love the content produced by Summit, hate the process. I also think the video was well made, but I don't particularly like anime.
The amount of honesty as if the song would be a one-off, shot in the dark release appeals to me way more than anything he did on *American Dream*.
You wild for this one. It's literally my least favorite Radiohead song of all.
Neu!, Amon Düül II, Faust, Tangerine Dream, Kraftwerk
No pirating on my christian server
Give "How to Disappear Completely", "Pyramid Song", and "True Love Waits" a chance. Particularly the live version of TLW from their only live album. I think these songs are beautiful and show a lot of what they have to offer.
So what are they? Did you listen to Alvvays and The National leaks?
Nah, LCD Soundsystem produced the most "graphic design is my passion" bullshit in a while. I'm not on the post-irony train. This one is better than a 0/10.
Right? This was 2006, before they decided it would be a somber closer. Like I said, the message is there in both versions, and you can tell the drum section was always there. It's so understated in the final version (not a band thing).


Definitely check out this website: http://essentialradioheadbootlegs.tumblr.com/IR. The Bonnaroo recording is actually straight from the soundboard, Radiohead released it online. The rest of that website is also a 10/10. My other recommendation would be 7/4/2000, where they played arguably the set of their lives.
Have you heard of *Nothing Feels Good* by Promise Ring? I think you'll like
My first listen mirrored his initial reaction. How Do You Sleep? is the first song that perked my ears up, frankly I think it's because all of the other songs rely on the echo laden effects he used all over the album. I'm glad Anthony called that out, and the fact that the album did not earn its 68 minute run time. I don't think I will be returning to this album in whole, maybe just a few of the tracks. Like many others have mentioned, I'd rather listen to *Remain in Light* or just go back to another LCD Soundsystem album. 5/10
This is indieheads suicide, but I think 6/10 is spot on for American Dream. 5/10 for A Deeper Understanding and 6/10 for Painted Ruins seems low.
My mom perked up when I played Crack-Up in the car, pretty hard to get a response out of my parents though. They like 70s soft rock and country music. I'm going to try Songs: Ohia - Electric Magnolia Co. sometime soon and see if they like it. TWoD was a great answer as well.
This is a pretty common thing I've been reading in essentials posts. Why not just choose their best work as their most essential? Paradoxical, no? 
She intentionally green screened herself. Where are the memes??
Bel Air by Can
I prefer the [Bonnaroo version](https://youtu.be/9CH1WkO0msY) myself; the message of the song was always great though. My favorite is True Love Waits, which feels like the end of an era as well as the end of the album.
LCD Soundsystem is an enigma, it's dance music for people who don't want to listen to dance music. A bit too thought provoking to turn your brain off, a bit too winded to listen to while sitting idly. Every song on this album lingers for a bit longer than I would want it to for my taste, with "How Do You Sleep?" being the exception. 
Are you cataloging all of the various threads with all of the contenders? Regardless of who wins and gets on the essentials lists, I think the working list would be good for research for people wanting to brush up on the past decades of indie music.
I will vote for Diary, but I was hoping for How it Feels to Be Something On.
Favorites Last Year

1. *Puberty 2* - Mitski
2. *A Moon Shaped Pool* - Radiohead
3. *Plays the Music of Twin Peaks* - Xiu Xiu
4. *Malibu* - Anderson .Paak
5. *Blackstar* - David Bowie

This year's contenders:

1. *Soft Sounds from Another Planet* - Japanese Breakfast
2. *Capacity* - Big Thief
3. *Painted Ruins* - Grizzly Bear
4. *Crack-Up* - Fleet Foxes
5. *DAMN.* - Kendrick Lamar
When the boys performed Creep at Glastonbury, it hit me like a Mack truck. Blow Out is more musically interesting, but Creep has way more soul.

edit: I also voted the song I wanted out (I know I misread). Perhaps include that in the gdocs form next time :/
DJ The Possibility that Love is Not Enough
I've been on a DOOM kick recently. Love that Can record too, and I always hop on board to gush about the Twin Peaks soundtrack <3. Can't wait for the finale. Of your list, I'm probably going to check out *Orcs* and *Antisocialites* soon.
[Bitches Brew](http://revive-music.com/wp-content/uploads/bitches-brew.jpeg) has a breathtaking cover, front and back. One of the most influential I reckon.

[Sgt. Pepper's](http://www.thebeatles.com/sites/default/files/styles/media_responsive_widest/public/tile/image/SgtPepper.jpg) is one of the best, and one of the biggest statements.

I think others should probably see [Alex Steinweiss](http://lpcoverlover.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/alex.jpg)' album covers, considering that he came up with the idea of album covers while working for Columbia Records to help distinguish releases.

I was eyeing that one too! I'm going to the Japanese Breakfast show on Thursday there, I have liked Black Cat each time I have gone.
This is a lowkey great shitpost, everybody's mad, no one even mentioned that OK Computer is listed separately from OKNOTOK.
Isn't it a bit of a catch-22 we are discussing here. She has privelege, so to eschew herself from financial privelege, she makes lo-fi music. But the cred she builds from making lo-fi music can't be genuine because she was rich the whole time? Lay it out to me, I don't get what she is supposed to do to galvanize herself as an individual without making music on the cheap.

Like you mentioned, you would prefer she had a hi-fi sound and used her parents' money to make more of a statement? Which bands had a lot of money and made high quality records that you mention, the YYYs, the Strokes, LCD Soundsystem? I feel like my moral philosophy would be the reverse, and make the money to buy equipment based on the merits of my own work, as opposed to spending daddy's money. I think this is an unreasonable dilemma to create for no reason.
I will! How about vaporwave, what do recommend besides Macintosh Plus?
Are you referring to the DC show? 
What do Dilla fans recommend to people who have heard Donuts and Champion Sound?
I agree with the sentiment, but it doesn't have to do with age. I too have listened to Kraftwerk and Can and Talking Heads. The first half of the new album didn't excite me at all, the second half was better but that may have just been due to it being catchier. I have read elsewhere that people enjoy that he goes off on tangents and pays homage to artists, but it is too thinly veiled for me.
*Comments on the meaningless of a 500 hour task while wasting an equally large amount of time on Reddit everyday*
These are both based on the *Bitches Brew* [gatefold artwork](http://revive-music.com/wp-content/uploads/bitches-brew.jpeg). The AMSP Stanley Donwood artwork is even called ["Witches Brew Too"](https://www.creativereview.co.uk/stanley-donwood-radiohead/). In interviews, both Thom Yorke and Jonny Greenwood have discussed how *Bitches Brew* impacted [their work](http://www.spacial-anomaly.com/the-radiohead-ok-computer-and-miles-davis-bitches-brew-connection/) on OK Computer. You can hear the spacey production and the desolate mood from Bitches Brew all over it. Grizzly Bear is also influenced heavily by Radiohead, and in last week's interview with [Interview Magazine](http://www.interviewmagazine.com/music/grizzly-bear#_), Chris Taylor even name-checks *Bitches Brew*.

Please do yourself a service and listen to that album. It was released in 1970, and has some of the most stunning production of all time.
youtube-dl/ffmpeg is better
The format of a television show to produce epic-length stories that span tens of hours has much more to do with the ability to tell a intricate plot than anything else.
Don't know where you're hanging out, because finals week was the busiest time of year at my college's libraries.
I love this album, and even I can't stan hard enough to defend Past Life.
My prediction is that Faithless, the Wonder Boy and Coke Babies will go early simply due to their names.
1994 was a good year for music, I think I will go with Dummy - Portishead.
Right! DAE \*choose: The Bends\Amnesiac\TKOL* is possibly one of Radiohead's best albums?
I agree. Recommending Kid A first is borderline sinful to me, it robs people of the shock of how different it is from OKC and The Bends.
I think if she sampled Slow Jamz it would be pretty dope.
Most common post format on this sub: 
"Does anyone else agree that \*insert middling popularity song off any album* is an underrated gem?"
That parody video about "How to make an Alt-J song" hits the nail on the head. I enjoy An Awesome Wave as much as the next indie fan, but as a band named after a Mac key command, they are a bit of a parody of themselves.
It basically exists: "i'm going to cut my hair and listen to pavement"
What if you displace the cost of tickets with that merchandise? Is that morally permissible?
*Music for Airports* does it for me
Imagine Dragons is a weird case because they were instantly popular by their first album release. The Killers were this way as well.
top 5 song of the year?
already in!
I think this one has to go into a '10s expansion later.
When we look back at this season, knowing what occurs in episodes 16-18 with awakened Coop, do you think this episode will continue to be considered the season's best?
Sunny Day Real Estate - How it Feels to Be Something On
Chrysta Bell
Pavement Memes for Adult Teens
N!
"The Best is Yet to Come" and the MGS3 infiltration theme are some of my other favorites.
Do you have an example of Electioneering? Citizen Insane's website says the last time they played it was in 1998.
I'm on team Yellow House.
*Acabou Chorare* - Novos Baionos 
I recently mentioned this issue when discussing *Loveless* in one of the essentials list posts. So I will use it as an example here. I think that album is a grower for me, but I don't regard it as a personal favorite. Whenever I am in the mood for it, I put it on, and I tend to find new things about it to like. "Only Shallow" hooked me on first listen. By the middle, however, I still find myself quite lost with it. When "Soon" comes on at the end, it genuinely annoys me due to how much more of a discernible groove it has compared to the rest of the backhalf. I can totally get into "To Here Knows When" and "When You Sleep," and for that matter I always have. So I suppose for the parts I do like, I am trying to justify why I should listen to the rest of it in totality. I think I like the idea of the album as a whole more than I like the actual content, short of the aforementioned songs.
* Metal Gear Solid
* Xenoblade Chronicles
* Earthbound
* Jet Set Radio
2003 Paris show, [here](https://youtu.be/3p4LGMkRvds)
Do you mean the Brussels 1995 version?
Awesome post. Is Blow Out the most underrated song of the '90s? The Astoria version is incredible.
Japanese Breakfast was a hidden gem last year, with their debut *Psychopomp*, but this year's album blew it out of the water. It's my number 1 this year!

Number 2 is probably *Capacity* by Big Thief, and then the Grizzly Bear and Fleet Foxes efforts.  
she thinn
oof owie. 

Does that make you the biggest hipster of us all?
Anyone still a Mitchum Bros. hater now? That was one of the best lines of the whole season.
I love both series and this was my thought as well. Although I feel that the way Breaking Bad shot the violent scenes was unmatched in quality.
Where did they come from, I've heard about them all weekend and had never heard about them prior.
If Creep doesn't win the whole thing, the sub is a bunch of contrarians.
I went through a really shitty phase of my life and I came back to The Bends and it's B-sides more than any other RH album. So I'll always love it for that. It's my 5th favorite though, when I pan out and really think about it. 
Did you take this with a Holga camera or something similar? I like it!
Check the amnesiac section of [this](http://web.archive.org/web/20080306071203/http://home.student.uu.se/hehi1133/artwork.htm) website.
Have you considered getting new friends?
Lol, more importantly, is it the norm to refer to him as wint or as dril? I always call him the latter.
Oh I get it, you're *supposed* to be underwhelmed. 
Expecting this to be sampled in the next great experimental electronic album.