Not when you fuck up the word so bad even auto correct is like idk fam 😔
I got an A+ in maths and a C- in grammar
Same! That’s why I’ve been ginnypiging then with my iPad before I install on my phone haha
Confirmed messages in the cloud is still available 
Things like this really make me miss my jailbreak :( cries in 11.3
LOVED this game. The dungeon crawler feel was amazing 
Yo that COS pc game was and still is my shit

Also fuck micropayments 
So, yes, but the bonfire would have to be sun-sized, making it no longer a bonfire and now just a star. 
I have the opposite problem, it’s extremely sensitive for me. I ended up having to turn it off. I found myself accidentally changing songs and activating stuff while just holding my phone. I wish it was 3D Touch to wake (like the 7s home button)... oh well one can dream.  
Every street banger album is fucking heat start to finish
This made me so unbelievably happy
I just flushed my sinuses with a Neti pot and I don’t think my sink will ever be the same
NCMeters puts this exact thing in the widgets page. Even works without jailbreak!
Same
Is repeat enabled?
Try IINA instead, very similar to VLC codec wise but a much better player all around IMO, especially when it comes to hardware decoding and quality. https://lhc70000.github.io/iina/
In my backpack in the little cloth case they came in
No but usually apps won’t update on the weekend, and all also launch ~10 on Monday
Thank you!!!!!
Once someone installs it can they confirm iCloud message sync is still available for me? Thank you!!!
I think EDC specifically went through a phase trying to crack down on them because they were part of “drug culture” or some bull and also they were wayyyy more popular at edc. Not as much at Coachella 
iCloud Photo Library & iTunes Match
The lock shortcut started in 10.13.0
The way I see it, we go from 2 major carriers and 2 mediocre carriers, to three major carriers. I’m down for that. 
FaceID for me is somewhere between Touch ID 1 and Touch ID 2.

Touch ID 1 was very slow, and if my thumb was even slightly wet or misplaced I would need to try again, and needed to constantly ensure the sensor was clean of oil and dirt by wiping it on my shirt. But it still felt like magic because before that my only option ever was the code.

Touch ID 2 was literal perfection, worked every time regardless of the circumstance, and instantaneous.

Face ID is just as fast as Touch ID 2, but has circumstances where it doesn't work, even after months of built up machine learning data. Circumstances like being outside of the range of sight (fairly limited IMO, especially in bed) and with sunlight directly on the sensor. I've gotten accustom to ensuring my face is positioned correctly and still before waking my phone up, and covering the sensor in the sun with my hand, but not obscuring its view of my face. And if I get it wrong on the first try, I have no option to try again and I am forced to punch in my passcode, with no chance to have read my hidden notifications. Another annoying limitation is you have to keep your face still for it to work, you cannot be talking or laughing or yawning or chewing, and that becomes very frustrating.

All in all, Face ID is an extremely impressive feat of technology, hardware and software, and definitely has magic moments where it works and you never thought it would, but it also has too many moments where it doesn't. But I have a feeling (more like a hope) that like with all apple products, version 2 will knock the socks off everyone.
That’s when you go to will call lmao
Your phone is not falling asleep properly. I would do a reset all settings, and if that doesn’t fix it restore. 
Yaaaaay this was bothering the shit out of me
Also you can spit it inside a water bottle someone else threw on the ground
Not the case in California, full bars of sprint LTE and you can’t even stream Spotify or message a picture. And half the time you’re on 3G, or roaming to Verizon. 
It’ll only throttle you if you get connected to a congested tower, very rare unless you’re at an event or in a very densely populated area with weak signal 
On my cable line at home I usually pull ~1.5tb a month. Three people in the apartment and no cable, only streaming. Lots of gaming and surfing too
Nice! Thank you!
Do you have a higher res or uncompressed version of this? 
Can you force-press-and-slide-down?
excellent idea! not a bad plan to get a little extra sleep for a better sunday too :)
Np fam! Happy festival and keep flowin on :)
I turned it off. I hated the way it made pictures and video look less colorful and detailed. I love the perfect, pure white the OLED panel provides and hate the way True Tone makes it yellow. Although before bed I use night shift otherwise my eyes hurt. 
That sucks :(
You’d be surprised how easy it is to cross the whole festival in that time if you don’t mind being in the back (more dancing room anyway) and aren’t trying to herd a pile of friends on acid
I would mail it in for repair. Personally I wouldn’t trust anyone else but Apple themselves 
They don’t actually care about the gloves, just peoples safety. I’ve been bringing my gloves every year, they won’t stop you at security. Worst case if they do, say you are going to put them back at camp and get in a different line.


Just be sure to not give people shows on the ground in a big crowd or a heavy traffic area causing safety hazards (like the middle of Sahara), or they will take them away from you in that moment. Be smart, stay to the back of the crowd where there is plenty of space, and be aware of your surroundings. 
It’s been this way since 2007 - if you don’t get your screen replaced by Apple, and Apple alone, you’ll have issues. If that’s a problem for you, maybe iPhone isn’t for you c
Could you imagine the crowd of people trying to get into dolab if it was the only stage open opposing her? That’s a nightmare. Just take the opportunity to mob around the art with your friends if you really dislike her. 
Illegal rave in an abandoned building? What year is this? Just buy a festival ticket like the rest of us they are up to fire code and have med tents
Thank you so much!!!!
Ah that makes sense. I’ve had unlimited sms since way before my iPhone in 2007
Nope! You don’t have to log in. Not even to iCloud, or the App Store. It’s tied to the SIM card, and is enabled by default with no setup or account provisioning what so ever. 
My guess would be ensuring end to end encryption and user data privacy in all scenarios. They have delayed iMessage storage in iCloud multiple iOS versions now, and that’s just the first step of many towards browser based iMessage. 
Yup, in the US here. I assume it would have been the same way here too if iPhones cost as much as they do outside the US
The best feature of iMessage is if you have an iPhone, you’re already using it out of the box. No set up. Every single one of your friends is using it. That’s a hardware feature, and wouldn’t work on other devices as it would require setup. 


Apple knows what they are doing, and are the best ones in the messaging game right now because of it. 
Fully disagreed, but each to their own
I really REALLY hope Apple Music or Spotify launches a hi-fi tier. It would make me so happy
This is the main reason I’ve never gotten a chance to jailbreak my iPhone X :( 11.1 ram management was so terrible it pushed me to update to 11.2 (not that much better) and now 11.3 (finally on par with iOS 10). I really hope a .3 (or .4) jailbreak comes out, or that with iOS 12 they wait for a more polished version to push a jailbreak, I’m tired of only being able to jailbreak really unstable versions of the os. 
Do you have an uncompressed copy?
Omg you are amazing!!! Thank you!!!
Seems like with the battery health feature they did some tweaking to prefer performance over battery if you have older hardware, up to you if that’s good or bad. Otherwise tons of bug fixes and optimizations over 11.2.x, I highly recommend the update. 
Amazing! Do you have an uncompressed copy?
Do not do this, wayyyyy too much wind

Definitely have a tent with good ventilation options, and ALSO place a canopy over it with tarps facing the sunrise as shade
I’m on 11.4 now but it feels the exact same to me
It’s not the battery life issues that’s getting me, it’s airplay. If my music cuts out one more time because I opened an app with a (muted) video playing after installing beta 2 I may go back to 11.3, although I love message sync and don’t want to give it up 
This is the exact same it’s always been on the X
You dance to the baseline not the drum kicks, sway your hips, move your whole body & lots of trap arms
Ah well, my bad!
Runs at perfect 60fps on my 7. Maybe your battery is throttled? Are you on 11.3?

Edit: 30fps
Keep in mind LA shows go later than Bay Area shows tho and might start later too
PLUR has helped me embody mutual respect and understanding in all areas of my life. I have become friends with people I never would have before, and I find myself living my life with much less anger and stress. We’re all human 🤙💖 I love this community, and I love the message it spreads!
This is why I love weekend 2
This was incredible!!! I saw him weekend 2 he had all these red fire things on the screens it was amazing!
My fucking lord I love ship wrek
Just take a screenshot and then use that as the wallpaper 
I pull the home bar up a little, and then back down 
The Coachellaitus is REAL
Set up Apple Pay! I lost my wallet last year on Friday (Luckily the only two things in it were a credit card I cancelled instantly and my ID which I had a photo of) and Apple Pay got me through the rest of the weekend without struggle. 
Are you using “true” black for night mode? 
Really? It’s perfectly smooth for me
Damn nice solve! I would have just sat there for an hour and saved them all down to reading list. Probably better to store them there in the first place 
Na. Narwhal 
This is also the only book where Voldemort isn’t the main antagonist, and why it’s my favorite book
These issues are long over, now it always prefers user assed artwork and only matches store copies with a very strict waveform match instead of just tags like when it first launched. +1 for iTunes Match, well worth the $25 a year if you have a larger library
very VERY slowly to keep all the pieces spaced properly 
I got mine on my car :)
But da lazzzeerrrzzzz
I saw them in gobi/Mohave (forget which one) in like 2015 and it was mind blowing, but so over crowded. Maybe you’re right 
It was a joke, carol
You think it will be at main stage? I’m hoping for Sahara, I think they’re light show would show off best there 
SHHHH!!!! I need dancing room!
You gon see me at every single one of those EDM names
Actually storing a li-ion battery discharged can accelerate deterioration. It’s recommended to leave it charged to about ~60 for long term storage, and if possible to exercise it by discharging and recharging once every few months.
Oh man the worst was Ticketmaster I hate using the website instead of the app always sells out before I get through 
Are you sure your connection is good enough to play the game?
It’s the personal hell we’ve built for ourselves

Besides 11.1 was a nightmare I’d rather be vanilla on current than jailbroken on that stability mess (at least that’s what I tell myself at night)
More like lack of jailbreak :(
I actually believed this like a fool :(
That will go well swinging off the easy up at camp 
Jeans are a huge mistake. It’s hot as fuck, even at night. Wear the lightest most flowey material you own, weekend shorts or basket ball shorts are best bet. 
The iTunes “up next” feature is implemented flawlessly and iOS 8 and 9 set it up the exact same way. I don’t know why they had to go and fuck it all up. 
Yes I totally agree! I love the way Spotify handles it and allows multiple artist tag instead of just artist and album artist. In the mean time the filter does the trick. Also I wish synced devices would respect descending instead of this awful copy to play order work around, oh well
<3 thx fam
It was an acquisition???? Everything makes sense!
I cant get the link to work, is it something different than wetrasnfer(.)(com)/WufqWRnGvV ?
Nope :(
iTunes is such an odd ball piece of software from Apple, the opposite of everything else they have. Extremely powerful multi tool that’s very difficult to use and navigate, and the basics have been largely unchanged in over 20 years since its release on macOS Classic (v9 I believe?). Personally it’s a DJ’s/music hoarders dream of granular control but is a  UI nightmare and the opposite of intuitive 
I can’t be the only one that always reads it “Shake my head”
You said what now
Nope
I bet it will be enabled server side or with 11.3.1 when 10.13.4 is ready 

Edit: 10.13.4 is out, so never mind :(
My guess is iMessage in the cloud will be enabled server-side or with 11.3.1 when macOS 10.13.4 is ready

Edit: 10.13.4 is out, so never mind 
It’s called portrait mode
Ugh, usb-c was supposed to make charging things easier not harder :(
Yup I do! Thanks for the catch
I think you are safe with any C-A cable because they all max out around 2.4w anyway

Edit: 2.4a not w
I almost exclusively use my 87w Apple USB-C charger with my switch as it’s nice to just have one cord near my bed to charge my laptop, switch, and phone with. This makes me a little worried but I’ve had no issues so far, although generally I trust Apple branded chargers for most things. And testing done with these chargers specifically?
Misleading title, made it seem factual not speculation 
To be fair so would I 
Super Mario 3D land is easily one of my favorite Mario games ever. If only it was longer 
whats funny is the X exhibits the same behavior (wait for triple click listen) just with the lock button
My favorite

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/projectm-music-visualizer-and-media-player/id530922227?mt=8

Also pretty good

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/tunr/id948831179?mt=8
Love the sass! You must be a great friend

Enabling any accessibility option enables the triple click listener, even if nothing is assigned. So still applies 
Na my shits in airplane until the sets over if you didn’t get the spot with me it ain’t happenin fam we’ll cross paths eventually or meet back at camp
I had a 6+ and absolutely hated how large it was and that I couldn’t operate it with one hand. Got a 7 and loved the size. Got a X hoping it would be closer to the 7 than the +, and it’s more similar to the + 
Is because it enables the triple click for accessibility feature, and when this is on it needs a delay to check for multiple clicks before accepting the home command. This isn’t an issue for multitasking because it can “catch” the animation of going home
This is the definition of privilege. You have the privilege to ignore the misfortune of others because you do not have it yourself. Others are not so fortunate. Please continue to do your part for a better world, even if it does not effect you directly, instead of ignore it and reap the benefits like so many do.
This already happens. We all been at a concert or party or whatever and someone randomly pops up in your circle from nowhere for a puff puff pass acting all friendly to everyone and then dips
LITTY
I found the EDM this year 💕👌
Why is everything about sex for y’all? This is great advice in situations like car accidents. Better yet, call the number immediately when they give it to you and see if their phone rings
Very odd! I haven’t had this issue, if you tap the text what app opens?
+1 for iCloud email. I’ve had it since mobile me and i love it. The website is simple and works well, and integrates with all my Apple stuff perfectly
It heavily depends on usage and settings. No persons experience will be similar to another. 
I work with lots of iPhones and it seems to be every X and 8 Plus I’ve used. My running theory is it must be something with the dual cameras
I’ve had this issue with my X since I purchased it on launch day. My 7 camera opens instantly every time.

My X, while the pictures are amazing, takes forever to initialize and pushes all my other apps out of memory. Very frustrating 
I know, but it’s not the same without her. 
That would be wonderful!!!!! Thank you so much! If you have something like google drive or Dropbox, or you can use something like expirebox
This photo is stunningly beautiful. It will be a permanent fixture on my lock screen. Any chances of uploading an uncompressed PNG version? It would make me so happy
Don’t waste your money. I spent $10 for this feature and only works %10 of the time, usually just breaks the page loading at all requiring whitelisting instead. 
Spotify connect is the best thing ever and even airplay 2 can't come close, and the radio feature is so much better than Apple Music

the only thing better about Apple Music is it lets you upload your own tracks to the cloud, and I feel the audio quality is better (even on "extreme")
Veorra
I am in love with this
Zaddy alert
If you “long swipe” the notification it will clear it, no tap needed 
Lossless 💖 
Honestly I want a Pokémon trading card game on iOS 
Oh god I need this

Why am I on 11.3
You have a good point, it’s probably not very far up their priority list. I am just baffled the first go about of iPhone X support had the decisions made that were made. 
Yup! I’ve got one of those too. I already had the brick from my MacBook and picked up the cable. Really nice for when I forget to charge overnight 
It’s 7.5w output but looses %33 during transfer, for a charge rate of about 5w. Also yes, I only use 12w bricks with my cables 
Also it’s just so much faster from the cable 
Yup this is what I have to do too. IMO wireless charging is not worth the slippery, brittle glass back
AirPods are Bluetooth not airplay so the notice sounds still go through the AirPod not the phone
Oh, I misunderstood. That’s bad lol 
This is because the other 2gb don’t get removed from storage, simply gets flagged as purgeable (reports as free) and won’t actually be removed until something else needs the storage. Same with photos, will keep everything that was previously downloaded cached as purgeable until something needs it 
THIS WOULD MAKE MY LIFE COMPLETE
Yeah all that crossed my mind, thanks for the suggestion about the battery thing that’s smart. To be honest at this point I’ll just hold out for a version with updated hardware, I appreciate that the switch is so cheap and am smitten with it but I would really like a higher end model like the “new” 3DS with brighter/better/bigger screen (maybe 1080p, crosses fingers, and reduced reflectance), stronger WiFi chip, and a few other bells and whistles. 
Beta 5 but yeah, it’s awesome 
Ah that makes a lot of sense!!! Thank you!!! Me and my boyfriend both got ours at the same time and the display is the same. I would have much preferred brighter as I mostly want to play outdoors, even at night I prefer brighter screens. This is really disappointing to me as right now mine is unusable outside. Maybe I can get Nintendo to repair mine with the brighter display.
This drove me insane!!! Glad to see it’s fixed 
Thank you! This is awesome
I’m not sure this is what I’m referring too. Peak brightness is still ~250 nits for the brighter display, much lower than most high end smartphones and tablets 
I tried, they make the screen all fuzzy :( 
Compared to my phone, it’s extremely dim. Especially in bright lighting conditions like outside

Edit:

Switch is [238 nits](https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2017/03/nintendo-switch-review/) while an iPhone 7 is [705 nits](http://www.displaymate.com/iPhone7_ShootOut_1.htm) making it more than twice as bright, and that makes a HUGE difference outside. 700 is probably not necessary, but in the 500 range would be a huge improvement
Ah thank you! you are the best!!!!

Lord this is filthy 🤪
This is motha fuckin FIRE nothing gets me hyped like bassnecter

Anyone know this ugly remix?
Shows the current London time
Library > songs > shuffle
Wow that just took me back 
I just use spotlight, not as good but at least something 
Then I wouldn’t be much of a lady would I 
[nope](https://ae01.alicdn.com/kf/HTB1ATzpOVXXXXcwXFXXq6xXFXXXE/Custom-Canvas-Art-Grumpy-Cat-Poster-Grumpy-Cat-Wallpaper-Funny-Animals-Wall-Stickers-Nope-Mural-Christmas.jpg_640x640q90.jpg)
Nope, much faster to swipe, tap, tap, tap, music is playing. Can do that before the sentence is over, let alone let her hear me slowly and correctly, think about it, say my answer back to me, hope it got it right, and then the music plays. 
Driving I totally understand. I don’t touch my phone driving either, I set everything up beforehand music maps etc and let it be. I don’t even use Siri when I’m driving, except maybe to call someone, but I don’t consider that Siri as my flip phone could do that
Thanks for fellin me man, it’s all good I’m still really excited it’s one of best festivals in the world and I’m so lucky to go and can’t wait to see my Coachella crew and all the cool stuff they have

Even so there’s some good names I’m excited for Alina Baraz (so pumped), Beyoncé, illenium, and I always discover a new artist or two walking around and that’s the best ever (found snakehips this way 2016, WOW) I just hope this is just this year’s vibe and not a trend away from the genre all together
Exactly my point!
Spotlight for music search 
Take your negative energy elsewhere 
Then why is there no edm this year? I can’t figure it out :(
IM HYYYYPPPEEEDDD
I gotta be honest, I’m extremely disappointed with the lineup this year. As mainly an edm fan I think moving EDC up a few months really made them not able to book much electronic music at all this year.

I’m really excited and am still gonna have a blast - because I go every year with the same crew and they are what make it for me.

But I’m still sad.
I really wish the touchbar was 3D Touch 
I would hit that reboot
I’ve used google assistant but only on iOS and it was definitely gimped. Good to hear the android version is doing well, I have heard good things about it. 
Totally disagreed. Setting an alarm? Much faster through CC. Weather? Much faster to swipe left for the widget. Google something? Much faster from safari. Home control? Much faster from CC. Only thing I could see is starting navigation, but that’s mostly because the maps app is poorly laid out imo.


And in all these cases, you don’t have to worry about trying again because it heard you wrong, taking out your phone to look at the answer anyway (weather and google), or the music being interrupted. 
10/10 times I ask Siri to do something, even when she gets it right, it would have been faster to just have done it myself on my phone. I do not understand why people use Siri, let alone pay money for a standalone one. I can’t wait for the fad of voice as an input to be over. 
Voice as an input method is slow and clumsy, and is a gimmick even when done well like Alexa. In every case, doing it myself is faster, more reliable, and more efficient. I wish they would focus on making the UI better, and let the world forget about pretending they are Tony stark. 
You need to swipe the bar, not the middle that will get you to notification history 
Saw golden features open for Alison wonderland a few years back, blew my socks off
I remember - deadmau5 and kaskade
Shouldn’t be my issue to deal with
I doubt the employees know, will probably ask you to stop searching. Best go on this treasure hunt alone  
They were very loud-drunk-buff-angry-fragile-masculinity types and it wouldn’t have been worth the trouble
It’s a special demo image provided by Apple for displays, only way to get it is to go back to that bestbuy and see if you can find the .mov in the drive somewhere
LOVE my soundlink mini. That baby puts in some work
It probably wasn’t a rule until people did it
Camped next to a huge truck last year they would idle all morning while sitting in the air conditioning doing their makeup, spewing exhaust all over my tent and site. I about went ballistic. 
But that was before now playing was always-available 
You can tap the song name to go to the album or play source 
Duh, I meant like a friends phone....
Spotlight search the app “audio midi setup”, right click built in output and choose use this device for sound output
Hotspot from another phone 
It might just be placebo or a much needed restart but holy shit this beta is *fast*
I almost drove in order to get there!!! But I knew parking would be impossible so Bart it is :(
Same.
I am running 11.3 on three iOS devices and a Mac with iCloud message sync enabled and I can confirm the issue is resolved 
This was my first year, I remember at sunset walking into Sahara with my friends and then turning around to see this. I’m pretty sure that’s the exact moment I fell in love. 
Additionally, I would like the passcode screen to come up instantly instead of having to repeatedly tap the Face ID text to get it to come up in scenarios I know it will fail (like in bed or at an odd angle)
Wait tell your phones <30% crank the brightness and start updating apps and recording video and whatever else you can think of that might make it draw too much power and shut off
I really wish they would do a sub-5” display in the X form factor/feature set :( I can only dream
Definitely get the PS4 version
I was really excited to play doom on the switch, but was really let down with the port. In heavy battles it can drop to 15fps or less and makes it very difficult to play, and the graphical quality especially in portable is stripped down considerably far. The resolution is very poor and makes interface elements and text hard to read, and far away objects hard to see.

If switch is your only option, it’s not unplayable and will be worth the money because it’s a really great game but If you have a decent PC or a PS4/XB1, I’d recommend the title there instead.  60fps and better graphics make this game much more enjoyable and satisfying.

I wish I hadn’t wasted my money and stuck with the (much cheaper) steam version, the project was just a touch too ambitious.
*･゜ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･'(*ﾟ▽ﾟ*)'･*:.｡. .｡.:*･゜ﾟ･*
FUCKYESBOUNCEEEE
I want that heavy bass twerk shit, bring back the DJ turn it up, Dan Farber, Caked Up, Floss/hdynation radio vibes
Enabling accessibility shortcuts makes a delay when locking the screen :(
This is all I can think about listening to this album. None of this is trap, it’s all hardcore :(
This is gold! Thank you!
Trying to find an above and beyond album is impossible. Literally over 300 listings. 
I see this every time the app cold boots
I bet there’s settings to have your room like slowly follow the sunrise and set, or point towards the sunrise on work days and away on weekends 
These are just Apple Bundled wallpapers 
Me: “OMG HI!!!!!! I’m so sorry what was your name again???? My memories terrible”

Never goes wrong, and usually by the time they say their name and where they remember me from I remember them too
I will never understand the point of Siri or any other voice activated assistant

Just type the search terms into safari like we’ve been doing for years it’s instant and works perfectly 
It seems play next/later are now available when repeat or repeat 1 is enabled! Rejoice!
Have an iPhone? Open the picture in the native photos app, hit edit > adjustments > light > more, and move the “black point” slider until it’s true black!
This has been discussed many times - it is because it conflicts with swipe up to go home and would be too easy to accidentally close an app with unsaved data when trying to dismiss the switcher

Besides, that action is a force quit and should only be used when an app is misbehaving and needs to be forcibly reset, otherwise you should let the system manage what apps are held in memory for you. With this mentality you should only need to force close an app rarely, maybe once a week or so tops
Where?
Off-center “checking for updates” text has been fixed 
Not happening for me on iPhone X
Don’t worry, landscape is a totally awful afterthought on the X 90% of the time
They finally fixed it on the iPhone X. They should have fixed it for all the screen sizes. 
It’s a federal holiday
Gotta press and hold tell blue and then reconnect in the devices Bluetooth menu every time. Frustrating, but worth it for audio quality for me
I LOVE MY SOUND LINK MINI

Generally I don’t like bose sound signature but I have yet to find a portable speaker that even comes CLOSE to audio quality and bass performance of this little box of magic 
This is the exact reason I haven’t been interested in the series as well. So much media is hyper sexualized - I just wanna play some fighting games
Constantly. Favorites, IFTTY, music, calendar and notes get constant use. 
🤯
Nothing a little photoshop can’t fix

https://i.imgur.com/xwjVB90.jpg 
Not sure, all I know is it muddys up the drums, white noise and fillers especially in trance and is very noticeable on better hardware
Then it’s a pass for me. High frequency roll off increases transparency with analog instruments recordings and vocals because it allows for more bitrate to be used for mid-range areas of the song where that type of content lies, but destroys the quality of electronic music
Isn’t that the same as OGG vorbis? If so I’ve tried it and it sounds only slightly better than MP3, and not as good as AAC IMO due to high frequency roll off (very noticible with white noise on drops and complex hi-hat arrays, even at high bitrates like 320)
Holy god 128??? I can’t even listen to that. Even on EarPods. You must have some detail loss in your hearing or only listen to music recorded decades ago
Evan an untrained ear can pass a blind test between a 192 and 1411 any day, even on low end hardware 
Love when he gets all trappy. My absolute favorite songs of his are chosen you and tonight were kids again remix, I would love for him to make more trap like that it’s so good
📝 takes notes on dropped track names
Now the interface is different, looks more like an old school alert instead of a banner
Same on iPhone X
Same on iPhone X
Not as good as Touch ID 2, but good enough, and worth it for edge-to-edge OLED panel
Software engineers and interface designers are not the same people...
The issue is tailgaters. If everyone left enough room for a car to move in front of them without breaking regardless of how congested it is, we wouldn’t have nearly as many problems. 
Just say “them”
The X has a form of slide to unlock. It’s really nice to have it back
The X has a form of slide to unlock. It’s really nice to have it back
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ I have 256gb I’m not worried 
As a huge Apple fanboy, I couldn’t be less interested in the HomePod. Voice controlled electronics are a gimmick, with Siri being the worst of them all, and no external speaker support or third party app support is a deal breaker. 
It’s probably cache
That’s about right - I’m on 11.2.5 and mine is 15.11gb
Att also did this with edge/2G recently
I’ve tried but even after the headaches are gone and withdrawal is over, how do you get through a day of work without wanting to pass out by 3pm? I’ve tried naps, going to bed early, drinking lots of water eating lots of greens and low carbs everything 
It won’t be! But I don’t care. It’s a phone, not a computer, I’m gonna replace it every 2-3 years anyway. But if I can just buy one device instead of two by spending $1000 on it, then I will! I don’t need media servers and all that from this device. I want something that I can put in my pocket, that can do all the things I need a computer to without having to buy a computer as well. And that portability and saving me a computer is worth the cost. 
No, I don’t use it sitting at a desk. I do all my tasks on the phone, with the built in touch screen. Pay my bills. Look things up. Play music. Check emails. Organize my files. Everything. No computer needed, this has fully replaced it. 
You can change it in the settings. Personally I like San Francisco 
Totally disagreed. This thing is extremely premium. These days, I use my phone as my main computer, and I’m willing to spend computer money on it to get a device worth of replacing my computer as my main device, and it’s totally worth it.
426th upvote

I’m always late anyway so it works out haha
No problem! You’ll be amazed how much better your internet is
Oooo no! Not good! Get yourself a nighthawk and never look back
You need pretty strong WiFi for AirPlay 1 to be successful. Getting a HomePod probably won’t improve unless you’re using airplay2/Apple Music. I would upgrade your router or add repeaters instead. 
Lol what? The note 8 has OLED

And the iPhone X also has OLED
https://www.att.com/deviceunlock/#/
I got tachyon project for switch and was really excited as I loved it on PC but the frame rate is abysmal and ruins the game. Waste of money. Devs should only port games if they actually run well. 
Get a X. I couldn’t imagine going back to LCD after having OLED
Replace your battery 
You shouldn’t need to disable auto brightness to temporarily manually adjust screen brightness. 

Manually adjusting the brightness via control center will lock it to that manual brightness until the next lock/unlock, or a major change in environment (inside to outside)
I’ve noticed this as well. It scratched way easier than my 7 ever did.
Major update? 10.x >11.x can sometimes make your phone slower and have more bugs because of added features

Minor update? x.1 > x.2? Just updates fixing those bugs and issues introduced with those new features. Always a good idea. 
Probably a runner like sonic forces
^ this guy gets compression!
OMFG YES!!!! I’ve been waiting for this for years since I saw him in SF!! God this might be one of my favorite songs of all time 
I got the tickets on a whim not even knowing I was seeing a once in a lifetime show! Blew my fucking mind 
I saw epic 4.0 in SF and it was hands down the best light show ive ever seen. I was SO sad 5.0 didn't come to California
God damn it I was so hoping this would have been available for 11.2.5, it’s so much smoother and more stable than 11.2.2. Oh well, guess it’s time to downgrade. I heavily miss the days of untethered jailbreaks being released for the most up to date iOS within days/weeks of release 
Feels like an unfinished project they had to ditch and knew they would never come back to. That’s why they dropped it for free, otherwise it would have made it Spotify/iTunes 
How about restore set up as new? 
Have you tried a reset all settings?
This went from very interesting to complete bullshit in .5 seconds
And I imagine this is why they changed the behavior of the toggles in Control Center on iOS 11
I fully gave up on VOX since iOS 11

This gives me hope! I miss that app
A+ meme
Yup, seems like this thing will do none of the things I hoped it will. Maybe they’ll update air server to support airplay 2 and I can replace it with an old Mac mini...
Rough. They should have at the very least had an optical. 
Thanks for the response!!! No ports at all? Not even aux? Oh well, guess I’m sticking with my express until I find a better solution. Thank you!
What type of ports does this thing have? I currently have bookshelf studio monitors hooked up to an airport express, and then I disconnect them and connect to my iPad with a dragonfly if I want highest quality possible.

I’m considering ordering a HomePod as a replacement for the express, but it will only be worth it for me if it has a USB port for the dragonfly, or at least a built in DAC comparable to the express. Multi room audio from iOS would be a nice bonus too. 

I have no interest in any of its other features whatsoever as I hate speech as an input method (I will probably find a way to disable Siri on it if I can)

Side question, do you know if it supports headless audio playback from iTunes Match as well as Apple Music? I’m not an Apple Music subscriber but I do use iTunes Match. 

Edit: another side question, you mention bass performance but how about sub bass? I listen to mostly electronic and you didn’t mention anything in that genre, although even my monitors have trouble there and I pretty much need a subwoofer to even register the bass lines in most dub stuff I listen too. I probably wouldn’t use the built in speakers personally, but I’m still curious. 
Edit: nevermind 
This would be game changing if true for iTunes Match. Now if they add playlist sorting, duplicate warnings, and tag editing I can ditch iTunes forever
AirPlay 2 is related to streaming music and media to multiple “home” devices at the same time, over WiFi. It is not related to Bluetooth, which is what the AirPods use. 

So, no. 
Damn it and I told myself I wouldn’t beta this round
Yo, chill, just getting excited about changes. You’re the one bringing the negativity 
This doesn’t fix the single click delay but fixes the double click delay
If you disable all triple click options in settings > General > accessibility > accessibility shortcuts then double clicking for multitasking is instant
Yay! I always love this on Mac and never know why it wasn’t on iOS 
You’re running 10.13.4 to make this happen?
Well anyway, here’s mine on 11.2.5

https://v.redd.it/y8fo78zy43c01
I’m not trying to argue I believe you that there’s a difference, I’m just curious to see the difference myself. You don’t have to show me if you don’t want to
Let’s compare! I’ll post a video you do the same
I’m on 11.2.5 and I can do it almost instantly 
You could also press and hold for the -, and the rapidly tap the - button. Seems faster than swiping to me
Did it also launch in 10.13.4 beta?
My other theory is the swipe up gesture is too similar to swipe up from the bottom for going home, and if you miss you would end up with an app closed you didn’t want to have close and if you were like buying tickets or something that could be a problem. 
I think the idea is to deter people from thinking you need to clear them out. It’s a force quit when apps are misbehaving, it’s generally better to leave them there and not close them. 
HHHHOOOOLLLLYYYY SHIT THIS HITS SO HARD!!! I just got chills. Holy shit. He does it again. One of my favs, especially live
I’m on a X :(
Oh damn that’s lame! Sucks they would do that I hate factory stereos
Just buy an aftermarket CarPlay headunit without a paywall. Done. 
This happens when your chargers isn’t properly grounded. Change the plug to a three prong instead of two and it’ll work again. 
💖✌️
This is a recycled joke from zack & miri make a porno
I just got an alert sound for iMessage while my device is in silent mode :(

edit: I think I figured it out! it was just for one contact, its the "emergency bypass" feature, seems not to not only bypass DnD but also silent mode. lame. I preferred the previous behavior.

edit 2: nope. still happening.
I still have the alerts volume bug in beta 6.... hopefully the GM fixes it, I really don't wanna restore
No, but you have like a solid 10 seconds to cancel it before its sent out
I really just need a descending sort option for my playlists. Having all new content being added to the bottom is just plain stupid. 
Or at the very least an alternative 
This app is awesome

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/search-by-image-extension-find-reverse-picture/id1199066779?mt=8
I'm still getting notification sounds even when I'm in silent and do not disturb.... this is getting really annoying
This makes me sick. How can people be so mean. 
OP has 3+ year old hardware
I’ve also been getting notification sounds coming through even though I’m on mute and on dnd :(
Lossless is a gift! Just convert it yourself
Personally, I’d rather see the feed as unprocessed as possible. If I want a sharper image, I’ll try and find a 1080p copy
Sharpness settings on TV are a post process effect to try and improve perceived detail on low resolution images - ALWAYS set it to 0 for more accurate and clear picture. 
Fell in love with group therapy and saw A&B was coming to my town. Never really been to a big concert before. Got tickets and didn’t realize until I got inside that they just  dropped a brand new album and this was it’s tour. It was absolutely magical. Haven’t stopped going to shows and festivals since. 
Me and my roommates have seen it so many times now we watch it muted and play music to go along with it and it’s awesome
press the button on the top to the right of the column divider that looks like <-->
God this makes me so sad I updated to 11.2 and slept through the downgrade party
I’m so excited about iPhone X optimization! And not just a stretching of the game, really doing it right! Thanks again guys to the best mobile game ever 🍻
Settings > Do Not Disturb > Silence: Always
Heh
Do not disturb
Boi the second they port smash bros my Wii U is gonna get put far away probably never to be played again
Man I can’t wait for messages in iCloud 
This is MP3 not lossless
Yes!!!! This would be amazing 
Year but I want it to kick in automatically if they haven’t picked up
Get a content blocker and use safari 
At 600 cycles you can still see effects of wear even if in fairly good health. Most likely in a jailbroken state the tweaks and whatnot are drawing more current from the battery than stock iOS, causing it to unexpectedly power off. I bet it would power off on its own at 5% in a non jailbroken state if you cranked the brightness and booted up a game
Especially cause you know bill graham is gonna end that shit at midnight smh
I like it so if I want music playing but I don’t care what I just hit the play icon and it shuffles my library
I wish there was also an option to prefer FaceTime audio over regular calls similar to how iMessage overrides sms. Also I would LOVE a voicemail feature. 
Hopefully temporary.....
Out of the big 4 your hardware only supports ATT and T-Mobile (no CDMA antennas)
Dropbox seems the most solid option for safety and long term storage
My guess is beta 4 will be released tomorrow merging 11.2.5 with 11.2.2
Literally me. I was in bestbuy the other day drooling just knowing how good those panels probably look in a dark room 
Spotify connect is such an underrated feature
This post is awful. An overworked and tired retail employee made a mistake, and put the old battery back in instead of the new one. People are human. Instead of yelling at reddit and throwing negativity around, calmly and nicely explain what happened and I’m sure they’ll apologize and correct it. 
Not on my phone. Been the same all through iOS 11
You get the circle when placing the cursor, and you get a rectangle when altering a selection

[Here’s](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5B3jSMTFrrs) an example of both the circle and the rectangle in iOS 8, skip to 2:10 you can see both 

It’s been like this since text selection was launched in iOS 3

Edit: might have even been earlier than 3? Like 1.2 or something?
Oh weird!

That’s a clever little trick
Settings > notifications > show previews, when unlocked or off

Nvm just read the phone won’t turn on

Maybe just take the sim out?
How
The circle of life, everything is born and everything dies, no matter how big or small
Yeah anything over 5 years old will probably be slower than direct internet for caching and the like, also compatibility issues are a nightmare and you probably want iCloud data cached on the latest software
Lol oops

I’m not changing it cause you like it haha
Oh my I love this 
Oh my I love this 
It was better in 1.0, at least it was transparent. Ever since iOS 7 it’s completely opaque. So terrible. Should be a status bar indicator. 
I’ve had them since launch day. They are rated for 1000 cycles like macs not 500 like phones so they should last a very long while. Also AFAIK battery replacements through the Genius Bar are only like $60 down the road. I’m not worried. 
Sounds like it might be an issue with your side button, or your case if you got one. Personally I find double press really annoying, I turned that off and added the Wallet button to CC
I use my AirPods for hours every day and only need to charge them once a week, if that. My Apple Watch ends up on the charger at night with %50+ percent, and I don’t have a battery case but I imagine if I did I could get through multipul days. This setup does not require every-day charging of all seven devices 
Also, this is not Apple buying an LG panel. It’s Apple designing a panel, and leasing LG to manufacture it. 
Im surprised they pushed this for public. Must not realize whats going on with the audio... oh well, I'm on dev2 and deleted my profile until 4 comes out
CC indicator was introduced in 11.2.0
Y’all are thirsty! They come back from vacation Tuesday. Probably won’t push a new build until next week (the 8th) or maybe a Thursday or Friday build this week (4th or 5th) if they get a lot of work done
I love that the vending machine says “healthy” with a picture of an apple yet all I see it stocked with it lays, Cheetos, Doritos, and other chips and the like 
I think they mean the picture works well for androids aesthetic not that the screenshot was android-ish
It shows a thumbnail (seems around x1000 pixels wide) until interaction to reduce ram/cpu/battery usage while scrolling through photos 
You got nothin but bug fixes in anything higher than 11.0, and lower than 12.0

General rule of thumb; if only the number after the . Has changed you got nothin but things that will help your phone run much smoother and better. If the number before the . Changed you got a whole bunch of new features and probably a whole bunch of new bugs to go with it

TL;DR: update. Update ASAP. 11.2 will be much better than 11.0
[coconut battery](http://www.coconut-flavour.com/) you need a computer but it’s reliable and accurate 
😭
Apple maps does this automatically the second you start a route, my assumption to a reason it drains less. Also Apple maps lets the screen fall asleep as it’s on the lock screen, and google maps keeps it awake because it has to. 
I updated mine this morning (from 11.2.1) and I use an app called Omnistat to keep watch on my memory and with 11.2.1 I would hover at ~1.5 gigs of wired, and now I hover at .7-1.0, its awesome.

They’ve really done some good optimization it seems! My guess is with springboard, I read somewhere it was re-written in swift for 11
I wish I never updated 
I would upgrade to at least Sierra for performance improvements and security. Yosemite was... very slow.

In my experience the upgrades they made to 10.13 are great and promising especially for under powered machines (optimization, moving windowserver to metal, etc) , but might be worth waiting for another .x release for bugs to be ironed out. 
It’s not like they don’t have the money
Man I will never understand why people care so much about weed. I’m sure these are people that interact with and probably use things like coffee, alcohol, and cigarettes every day and don’t blink an eye. 
If only YouTube used HEVC
While I agree with you, a popup of sorts stating battery replacement recommended would have been the way to go, I don’t have any sympathy for people who spent $1000 on a new phone because their old was slow without going to the Genius Bar for diagnostics first. 
Ugh the feels
Handoff 
It technically shows a thumbnail while scrolling, and only renders the full image when you start to zoom in. They do this to make scrolling fast, and to preserve performance/battery while sifting through photos. 
Not throttling, 11.1 has a lot of memory leaks and bugs compared to the polished 10.3
This is so fucking lit oh my god
Fucking. Fire. 
If only it was a 11.2 jailbreak :(
It’s not worth it. Love my X, but iOS 11 made some very odd design changes I really don’t like. Especially control center, huge mess. 
I think it just taken anything .png that’s relatively screen dimensions and calls it a screenshot
Na, love the track, classic, but definitely need some more effects to get me interested
Is it just me or does this look extremely underwhelming? Especially the light show, no spots or lasers or anything, and the screens are pretty much just playing the one thing
Too bad this won’t work on 11.2, I updated because 11.1 was just too awful and slow. Same thing happened to me with the iOS 10 jailbreak, seems like my 6S on 9.3.3 might be my last jailbreak ever....
This need to be top comment 
Yup that sounds right 
I had this jailbreak tweak I don’t remember the name of it that set up the iOS 9 music app like the iOS 6 one, with tabs for artists etc. but still the iOS 9 interface with the album-cover matching colors and large, full screen album art in now playing with a flawless up next queue system for on the fly playlists ugh it was perfection I should have never given it up 
How I miss the 9.3 music app
This looks fucking awesome!!!! I would maybe bring the logo down to center a little and the photo up a little for a touch more crowd (seems like there’s a touch too much head room over the lights). Epic work tho!
What system are you on? I’m on a Mac and the default like crops the top and bottom a little but looks great
It totally worked!!! These are incredible! Thank you so much!!!
Ahhhhh you are the best! Dropbox or expirebox or something like that should work!
This is incredible! Do you have an uncompressed copy? Id love to use it as my wallpaper!
What benefits do you feel the taller screen gives you? Have you not had issues with constantly adjusting your grip or using reachability to access stuff at the top of the screen?
It was a jailbreak tweak called zephyr(sp?) way back when (like iOS 5 days)
I hate cases with huge lips on the edges, it makes edge swipe gestures feel awful. It is also however, the best thing you can do for drop protection. So I’ll live with the lips on the sides of the screen even if I hate feeling it when I’m swiping back, but the bottom has to stay open for the home gesture, I use that too much. It’s worth the inevitable scuffing. 
And messages sync
Hmm, interesting. Thanks for the info. 
And 4.2.5 skipped 4.2.2-3-4
No need, someone else did. Thank you! 
Thank you!

These animations look the exact same as my X on 11.2
Can you post a screen capture?
I’m a little confused, what does this mean for users?
Maaaaan I knew I should have seen them at the fox 
Saw him at Boo! SF this year. Absolutely epic DJ. Don’t expect it to be a show of his produced music - it’s just him being a fire DJ, and killing it. 
Dude just, decline the call
This is lit
This. I LOVE SAHARA. It’s my favorite tent - because I always go when I know I’ll actually have dance room 
If your device‘s battery health is below a certain level the system will disable certain power-hungry features and under-clock the processor and limit maximum brightness below a certain percentage to prevent unexpected shut downs, an issue that seems to effect the 6S (non plus) the most (seems the battery they used was just a hair not powerful enough for the extra-power-hungry processor and camera they put in that model). 
Stunning!
I haven’t had a jailbreak since iOS 9.3 :( I miss the days of being able to jailbreak the most recent stable release... I love jailbreak but 11.1 was so bad I had to update and I’m glad I did. Maybe my dreams will come true one day 
Bruh just go 
It was so good
Great app! You can do this just as easily with preview/markup though...
Dank
Water is wet
I turned off raise to wake - now my phone doesn’t check for my face until I’m positioned and ready for it to, and it works every time
Battery life has so many factors that effect that that firmware version has little to no effect. Usually the questions you should be asking yourself are is the phone going to sleep properly? (Active vs standby rates) are there any run away processes causing excessive CPU? What are my settings like, do I have a lot of geofence and mail fetch enabled?

Battery life posts do not belong in this sub reddit. Instead, the posts should be about things the phone are doing and other bugs that may effect battery negatively, but are pointless as just battery posts. 
This was driving me crazy! I had the same wallpaper and had to change it because of this
Between being able to rate apps and having seen the setup app after install, but there still being a lowercase letter in the build number and feedback app being present I think it’s safe to say this is a GMC build, with GM around the corner 
Thanks! That seemed to fix it! Let’s see if it comes back
I swear to god
Works for me (I’m assuming you mean swiping up on the home bar on page 2+ of home screen bringing you back to the first)
You can manually tell it to remember works in the text replacement portion of keyboard settings (leave “phrase” blank”
Settings > general > reset > reset keyboard dictionary 
I got the set-up assistant after install... my guess is this means this is GMC, with GM looming
You can even do it directly on your phone, edit > adjustments > light > more > drop “black point” until the background is completely black
Everyone was off last week - not gonna draw a beta of just one hour of work before 10am today, my guess is we will see something Thursday/Friday or next week
10am pacific time
It would require pressure to activate so resting your finger or accidentally tapping it wouldn’t activate it
I compulsively close every tab I use immediately after I’m done 😂 gotta keep it clean!
Only thing that could make me go from OLED > LCD is it being the only way to get back to iOS, but now that the X is out I no longer have to compromise!
I wish the Touch bar was 3D Touch so it felt more like a real button and wouldn’t be accidentally pressed
ILOVEYOU
Dropbox or expirebox or something like that should work! You’re the best!
This is incredible!!! Imgur seems to compress things pretty aggressively... if you get a chance to upload it somewhere else I would be eternally grateful!
It was absolutely pheonominal. I can’t fathom why they completely overhauled it after only one year. I miss it so much. 
Meh wasn’t that bad to be honest
I really miss the large album art. Both on the lock screen from pre-iOS 11 and in the music app from pre-iOS 10
One time I was backpacking and I woke up and couldn’t hear anything out of my left ear, turns out a huge moth crawled in there to die. Luckily we had a couple Q tips left 
Settings > Advanced > scroll to very bottom > “don’t use media view for video”
Besides, when I swipe from the edge I usually end up scrolling through the notifications instead of opening the camera anyway
Beyond impressive, WOW
I think it’s more that a lot of third party apps are updating to support smart invert 
Can’t have people complaining that they can only get the new software features by buying new hardware when their phone is only one or two years old, something Apple prides itself over android
My guess is it’s a reference to when a fashion company made a [2000$ bag that looked like the 1$ ikea bag](http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/19/style/balenciaga-ikea-bag-trnd/index.html) and then it spawned a lot of memes related to using ikeas bag in other areas of fashion
I remember this (I beta test) and I LOVED the change. I felt like they were finally going in the right direction, no conflicting gestures on lock screen, no conflicting gestures in CC like in iOS 10, it was great. Then it all came back before release.... to this day I still use the force-press-and-pull gesture to clear instead of the swipe, it’s a smoother motion for me
I’ve had a jail broken phone since the original iPhone, and my 7 and now my X have never had the chance to see the light. Maybe one day soon... hopefully....
Hmm, that could make sense! Lord knows I’ve had a lot of bugs with that damned music widget
This will show if you have a Bluetooth device connected or a headset plugged in
Not to mention it conflicts with the clear notification gesture
Disable the “predictive” keyboard, enjoy fast typing 
Yup, same experience here, iPhone X. I hope Monday shows for beta 5...
Thank you!!!! This is epic!
As long as you’re mindful, careful, blow the smoke uowards, are far back enough in the crowd you aren’t sardines etc then it’s all good! If it gets too much for me I just put up my face mask and all is good to go
on my iPhone 6 disabling the predictive bar fixed the keyboard lag for me
It’s their fault for not using auto layout
Yay! Why do the status bar icons fade away in now playing still... it’s not like they are in the way...
YAAAAAS 😍 thanks fam
Yes please!
Excellent music taste sir
Never. Don’t be mad, be nice, constructive and helpful 
This and so much this
I'd prefer a dedicated rotate button in the player UI, I don't wanna have to use two fingers
Some apps take this matter into their own hands and force landscape, similar to how some apps have made their own solution for the unbelievably intrusive volume HUD like Instagram and narwhal
I just wish there was a “ rotate 90° ” button in the video player that overrode the lock setting 
With orientation lock enabled, videos play in portrait not landscape, and won’t turn until you disable it from control center. Personally, this is the single and only time I take my phone out of orientation lock, so I wish there was a setting to make videos exempt from locking to portrait
https://twitter.com/worldwidekilah/status/657385024459812864
The button placement is correct and in-guidelines with how tall a tab bar should be, but I agree the status bar shouldn’t fade away with the volume indicator now that it doesn’t overlap it
If videos automatically played in landscape, my phone would never leave orientation lock. 
This can happen after a reset all settings. The app needs to “request” permission again, usually within the settings of the app itself. If the app doesn’t have a way to request again manually, sometimes signing out and back in works. If it still doesn’t, you have to uninstall and reinstall the app. Instagram and Snapchat are like this for me
I set right ear pod to skip track, and left to previous track, with take out/put in for play/pause. Only thing missing now is volume, but I can still reach the volume buttons on my phone through my pocket so it’s nbd
This is absolutely epic, thank you 
3D land is probably my favorite Mario game
AFAIK It should only index on charger/above %50
It’s the actual worst and they haven’t fixed it since iOS 8/iPhone 6 when it was introduced. You’ll notice this is not an issue with 4” devices for some reason, only 4.7 and 5.5 (also not an issue on iPhone X)
Having standby and usage times be roughly the same indicates your phone is not properly entering sleep mode. I would recommend a reset all settings to see if it improves your battery performance, and devices ability to go to sleep. 
In theory, an iCloud/iTunes backup / restore should be absolutely fine, if you’re worried about software issues being carried over a reset all settings after the restore should clean them right up. iTunes picks certain data out of the device (photos, app data, preference files), and then places it back and re-installs all the apps from the App Store, unlike a cloning utility meaning if you had OS level corruption and issues it will not carry over. Also, there should be no difference between an iCloud backup, and a encrypted iTunes backup. It is important to note that unencrypted iTunes backups do not include health and activity data, significant location data, and keychain data. 

Although - I do still recommend setting up as new. Performance iCloud vs set up as new aside, if you can spare an hour sitting down setting everything up again from scratch you will be surprised how much you *dont* feel the need to move over, resulting in a phone with much less stuff on it running probably faster and better. I do it as a yearly spring cleaning of sorts every time a x.0 GM drops after beta season.  Also it gives you a chance to comb through settings probably setting them up in a way that works better for how life has changed since the last time you did it (especially with choices like notifications and such). The only data you loose is iMessage data (my MacBook is considered my archive hahah) - which will be an issue of the past once they launch iMessage iCloud sync. One last thing to consider setting up as new is with beta software, there may be bugs in the backup/restore process, something that’s bit me before but usually only on x.0 betas. 

I have not tried a iTunes restore using the beta build IPSW in a long time, but in the old days that only worked if you had a paid developer profile and registered your UDID, I’m not sure if this is still the case. It would be worth trying - I honestly would love to know if it goes through. Otherwise you can just restore to 11.1.1, set up as new (skipping everything in setup), install the profile from beta.apple.com, update, run a reset all settings, set it up, and re-downlod the profile.
Everytime they introduce a new display size the os is a mess.... iOS 8 was not cute
This happened to me too on 11.1 and then got a lot better on 11.2, and now is gone since I removed some of my widgets (went from about 10 to 5). iPhone X
Is repeat one on?
Yaaaay this shit drove me insane
I get this too it’s real weird
This game is honestly incredible! I can’t put it down! 
Ah there’s the disconnect, it’s the same with reduce motion disabled. 
Can you post a video showing the difference? I am on a X and see no changes 
They are on iPhone X
needsmorejpeg
Awesome, thank you!!!!
I’d love to help test out the new version for iPhone X! How do I get on the beta program? Thanks for all your hard work! This app rocks!
Happened to me. I got a vibrate but no sound, thankfully the vibrate woke me up 
It’s been moved to the battery widget 
This explains everything
Meanwhile, this daily smoker eats a 10mg and is on mars for a good 3-4 hours
I agree, still bad press
Huh, well then I guess you’re in the clear! Only happened to me since I updated but it must have been coincidence
Only major bug I’ve found is sometimes if I clear one notification, it’ll clear all the notifications from that app so be careful clearing. But otherwise it’s been overall more solid than 11.1, especially in the music app, and in memory management and battery life
All you gotta do in in the photos app on your phone go to edit, and drop the “black point” down a little. Works like a charm
Tbh if someone responded to my craigslist ad like this unless I didn’t have any other responses for days I would just straight ignore
Except the note 7.......
Incredible. Coming from a 7 that died by lunch, having my X last all day on 11.1 was amazing, and now with 11.2 I end the day with more to spare.
Honestly, I don’t want or need more speed. 5G deployment and development needs to take a back seat, and big carriers should be focusing on making LTE absolutely epic, so I can have strong signal, everywhere. The freeway, underground, every nook and cranny of every city, and all the boonies too. 15mbps+ down is fine. Just have it be that fast, everywhere. 
Check out [insomniaX](http://semaja2.net/ye-ol-projects/insomniaxinfo/)

I’m using it on my 2017 tbMBP and it works perfectly
Those are “contextual” emojis, based on the whole sentence you’re typing or the conversation. If you want to change the word “fire” to its relative emoji, tap the emoji keyboard, the word “fire” will turn yellow, and you can tap that to change it to the fire emoji
Well I get similar performance on my X intel
Probably a mixture 
My iPhone 7 was a Verizon model with the Qualcomm modem
I’m not sure how to be more clear, if your image has a height of 2800 pixels or more the image will be scaled down, not up, retaining full clarity, even when using “perspective” not “still”
Anything with a height of 2800 or more should not scale up even in perspective view
My edits have stayed HEIC, do you have 10.13 installed?

Burst photos are stored in jpeg, this was in the release notes (not sure why heic doesn’t support burst yet)
I didn’t think anything was wrong until I used an S8 for a week, on AT&T both phones (iPhone 7, S8) sitting right next to each other I would pull 15mbps on the iPhone and 70+ on the Samsung. I love my iPhone, and this didn’t take me away from buying an X as 15+ is more than useable even for high definition video streaming, but it would be nice to see some improvement in this department. 
.....no

Animoji is designed to get people to use iMessage instead of competing platforms, because iMessage sells hardware, and is probably the #1 reason 9/10 people say they haven’t even tried switching to android. 
As someone who has been to many shows and festivals completely sober, completely messed up, and everything in between, I tell my friends this advice all the time:

If you enjoy it sober, you’ll also enjoy it high, but you don’t have to, and you’ll have a blast either way.

If you think you wouldn’t enjoy it sober, don’t go at all.

If you don’t enjoy it sober, you also won’t enjoy it high, you’re only enjoying the high, so at that point just get high at home doing something you like, instead of trying to mask your misery and discomfort with drugs.
Please, do not smoke out of plastic. The smoke is too hot. Just go directly out of the pipe. If you have nothing to smoke out of, an apple works very well. But please, for your lungs sake, don’t use any form of plastic or aluminum.
If Face ID scans a face once that isn’t the owners, it requires interaction to scan again (a swipe up from the home bar) and if that second fails, it requires a passcode. It also requires “attention” to scan (looking directly at the phone). In an emergency situation it would be very easy to lock the phone to passcode only by avoiding eye contact and letting it fail. On top of this, if you get a chance to press and hold the a volume button and side button at the same time for one second it disables Face ID until next unlock. 

Also, what are you doing in your life that you’re concerned someone is going to steal your phone, and hold you down/hostage to the point that they will try and point your phone at you and scan your face? If the info on your phone is that important and you’re like a government VIP maybe just use a passcode. 
Like in the thumbnail? That would be chill...
That DJ snake remix of new slaves 😵😷🤙😍😩🤪
People said the same thing about the TV

And the radio

And the fiction novel

And probably every other new form of entertainment, tool, or new technology humanity has come up with

Kids will still be bored, and continue to be creative even with access to things like this. 

Maybe YOU should wonder why YOUR curiosity has been stale, and look internally instead of blaming things around you like your smart phone. 
Settings > General > Accessibility > Zoom > Disable Zoom

Also your wallpaper is awesome 
What carrier?
Well I’m on 11.1 now cause I got a new phone
It seems to happen with pretty much any app (on 11.2b1). I’ll clear one notification from twitter, and half the time it will clear just the one, and half the time all of the ones I have from twitter go with it. This happens with messages, twitter, narwhal, and a few others. I want to make sure this is fixed before I move to 11.2 again but I’m getting impatient because I want those new live wallpapers....
What music app are you using?
Hmm, fixed it for me ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Yes, this is a feature not a bug. It is related to stores and places with those little Bluetooth transmitters (I forget what they’re called) to send you information about their apps and deals, or pick up ordered items and such like at Starbucks

If you do not care about this feature then go to settings > privacy > location services > system services disable “location based suggestions”
How about the issue where cleaning one notification also cleared a few others with it? This is the main reason I haven’t updated on my main device yet 
I noticed that the delay is only there if you have any “triple click side for accessibility” options enabled. With them all off it’s instant. 
Nice wallpaper, thank you! Looks awesome on OLED :)
🤯
Please search the subreddit before posting. 
I’m guessing that’s the update dot but the color-matching algorithm took a fart
Weird! This happens to me too on iOS 11.1
Nope working fine on my X on 11.1
It dropped!
Yes both these items are lost. Along with messages history. 
Well I’ve decided to set mine up as new anyway. Man this display is amazing!
Yeah I’ve been reading this... I would be very surprised if one didn’t drop tomorrow 
I bet you the 11.2 beta for iPhone X will drop at 10:00am pacific time tomorrow morning. 
I have my notifications set to “when unlocked” so I like to “show” the content with a tap of the button, or “open” the phone with a press
I’ve just set keyboard shortcuts to a few of my favorites
[noice](https://i.imgur.com/jXXwtYF.gif)
Yes you will be able to install betas on the X but as of right now 11.2 beta does not include the feature 
Not sure, it was in early betas of 11.0 but was pulled for stability reasons, I thought it was gonna be back in 11.1 but we’re already in first beta of 11.2 and it’s nowhere to be found....
They are adding a feature to store iMessage history in iCloud separate form a backup in a upcoming update so you can start fresh and retain message history
This was there in 11.0 also, it only shows when there’s only one app listed in the results. If there are multiple apps it doesn’t show it. 
I’m gonna start fresh the second they turn on iMessage sync
Not me
11.1 I would put “on par” with 10.3, performance wise, and worse battery wise on my iPhone 7
NOWAYFUCK

Guess I’m installing 11.2 I’ve been screaming about this since iOS 10 
Your phone is probably indexing or uploading up iCloud or something else in the background. (even if you “closed” your apps - a lot of background tasks continue anyway)

These tests can be very inconclusive 
This is flipping awesome
Finally! It’s the little things....
Here’s hoping a lot of people cancel / double ordered so ours come sooner
Fuck. I should have tried the AT&T website also. 
Yup, me and my partner got the same with AT&T. I got an email confirming my reserved device two hours later, and still nothing in terms of completing the order. 
apple.com/iphone/lte
Thats the name registered to the Apple ID singed into the apple store app
PLUR vibes ✌️ as a active member of the queer community myself and best friend to a member of the transgendered community I can say with confidence (at least in my area) raves and PLUR culture in general are some of the most accepting, loving, and supporting people on this earth. One of my absolute favorite things about rave culture is how far removed it is from Sex culture, and how people want to know you for you and become your friend, and take all parts of you as a part that makes you the amazing person you are, regardless of what box society puts you in. In fact it has helped me feel comfortable with who I am over the years, and showed me people of all kinds can be loving. 

Rave on girl, I bet you’ll find some lifelong friends 🤙
This gives me hope! Thank you!
My main complaint is a bag this large with chargers/poncho/water etc will never make it into a rave pit, and would be heavy/hot to carry around and dance in. If there was a light-weight “no frills” option with just the safety features and a couple pockets I would be much more interested. 
My joycons even after getting “fixed” don’t connect when I’m playing on my TV properly and I have to use my pro :( this is sad news
[thats hot](https://i.imgur.com/pIY5n6l.gif)
Also because there’s no wire tugging on it you get a better fit
No prob bob
It’s under “services”
Feature set beyond ahead of its time. Too bad I had to overclock mine to get the performance anywhere near what I wanted and then the battery lasted like 90mins
This is the direct result of line fragmentation. Auto-layout does a pretty good job of resizing/placing things depending on screen size, resolution, and scaling settings but will never be as good as a pixel-perfect png-based interface like iOS 6 and lower was. What we loose in pixel perfect software detail, we gain in hardware diversification and options, and it’s still nowhere near the magnitude of interface fragmentation and layout issues android has. 
Noooo everyone buy the grey!!!!!! (Wanna makes sure I get my silver on launch day 😂😂😂)
✌🏻
I like you
Pick up the app and start moving it, then with another finger, tap the folder open, and then place the icon

This is the only way I can actually get it to work
Why can’t you set the background image from the context menu in finder?
Can’t wait to see them in SF!
Or take one look at it and give a big old whopping NOPE
Narwhal, instagram, Snapchat, YouTube all do this

Please Apple make it system wide it’s so much better 
I haven’t taken my phone off mute since 2007
Best option would probably be something like an airport express or chrome cast, or a more complex solution through another computer or raspberry pi or something 
AT&T let’s you disable throttling (they call it “stream saver”) at the expense of using more data, I’m not sure if this is limited to certain plans (I’m on a tiered data plan and have stream saver disabled)
You gotta devote one whole night to Sahara, get in early and leave your crew in pairs or alone for bathroom and food breaks in-between sets
Yup it was totally awesome. Pretty much the same effect now (gamma increase) but longer and had a fade in from blur
Disagreed... saw them at outside lands and while it was still amazing their set and vibe translates MUCH better with Sahara-like production value and light show. I would KILL to see them with a 360 screen setup like last year
I’ve noticed this only happen for me when weather is set to “while using the app” for location, both always and never update properly (never using the first location set)
Yeah but that’s when Apple starts shipping units to stores and such so it needs a final build preinstalled
YAAAAASSS finally GM
Probably because we are 1 week away from X shipment day
The VR version???? This I need to try 
Also there’s a input delay after the animation before you can select an option

Fix one thing break three more
Blue doesn’t mean it goes anywhere, just that the syntax is correct 
Just basically a gigantic touch screen
They have a huge version of fruit ninja that’s actually really fun 
I don’t have a car and I haven’t had any issues with Spotify or timer 
:( that sucks
It’s the same as pressing and holding the power button on your computer vs. pressing shut down
It supports fast charging via the USB-C 29w brick meaning it supports USB-PD which is a spec of USB3 so it definitely part of the USB 3 spec, but probably doesn’t support usb 3 transfer speeds if it only has 8 pins. Bummer
This is a hard (unclean) restart. Do not do this unless your device is not responding entirely. As long as the interface is responding you should always use the slide to power off menu for a clean shutdown to prevent software corruption. 
I’ve been caseless with my jet black since the day it launched, its suffered a few falls and has its fair share of battle scars but I absolutely love the way it feels. Swipe gestures off the edge of the screen are so much more natural, it’s so much easier to hold, it fits perfectly in my pants, and feels *premium*. It’s definitely more dangerous, but I say it’s worth it! I don’t wanna cover this beauty with something that’ll make it uglier and bulkier!
I am running the 11.1 beta and it’s miles better

I bet once 11.1 comes out you’re good to go
iPhone 8/X and iPad Pro use 3.0

Update: 8 doesn’t. Guess we will have to wait and see for the X
And by not doing it you’re letting the people who pass the judgments win
“Smoked too much” is a huge understatement

Moderation is key my frients, even too much water can kill you
This was happening to me like clockwork with all my Bluetooth devices after locking my phone. A reset all settings fixed it for me
The person you are talking to probably has read receipts enabled on one device, and disabled on another
This was happening to me as well, along with constant springboard restarts. I did a reset all settings and it seems resolved, my 1 hour bus commute streaming Spotify yesterday left me at %40 today at 85
Update 2: reset all settings seems to have fixed it!
That pentile layout must really be softening the edges of text on the 10.... 
This is fucking hilarious 
Not here.... 11.1b3 pulling 58 down and 13 up on full strength AT&T
And in all of these cases, bluetooth is just as good and still sometimes better.
Bluetooth is the solution for the masses and enthusiasts (audiofiles) will continue to use lightning/USB-C dongles to proper DACs like the dragonfly as we have been (or should have been) even before the removal of the headphone jack because with the exception of rare occasions like the V30, built in 3.5mm jacks sounded awful at best (even apples) and waste precious internal space on smartphones. Besides, with aac and aptX codecs for Bluetooth and on-board DACs and amps in headphones Bluetooth sounds much better than the built in jack and has the added benefit of wireless.

The 3.5mm jack is not dead. It just no longer has a place in the hardware of our smartphones, and that’s a good thing. 
Glad it isn’t just me
This is terrible and will result in a very dirty camera sensor. Something I honestly even seeing Apple pull from the App Store because of this. 
Update: seems to only happen when streaming over Bluetooth (AirPods, and beats studios) but not when playing directly off the phone 
Hmm thank you! I bet I just have to wait it out for another beta cycle. It’s annoying but not the worst. It seems to happen independently of the source (both native music app and Spotify have done it to me). It persists through a reboot but I haven’t tried a reset all settings yet cause adding back my Apple Pay cards with my credit union is the worst...
Yup I’ve done every beta since 11.0
Yup, iPhone 7
No this was in 11.0-11.1b2, is fixed now!
YYYAAAASSSS WOOHOO!!!
I don't know about you but on my iPhone 7 it makes this feature pretty not useable, it takes me a couple tries to get the menu up and by the time I do and try and tap something it thinks my tap is before the lag and then dismisses it. It's really frustrating.

Edit: even now after I press the icon and slide to my choice I have to wait a half a second before I let go to activate the option, unlike in 10.x it was immediate. At least it doesn’t just lag and then dismiss like before beta 3
*fingers crossed for 3D Touch lag fix*

Edit: Seems to have been fixed WOOHOO!!! suck it downvoters
Insomniac should ban microphones not totems
Fuck this mentality you should be encouraging newcomers and having fun with them enjoying the vibes, not bashing on them and setting a standard on how good they should be

It’s not a competition you should feel happiness and pride that unskilled people feel comfortable playing and learning with their peers in public that’s how it should be, and you could even melt their face a little and give them motivation to continue and let them enjoy the new way of dancing they found
You need to bookmark and reading list things instead of leaving them open
No need, you can install 10.13 over 10.10 without doing the versions in between 
Me
I’m spoiled, I can’t play on my phone ever again
No problem :) also they added back 3D Touch multitasking to 11.1 and I am the happiest clam
This just gave me a real bad case of the feels
I absolutely noticed the delay in 11.0.x and I can confirm for my device it is definitely gone 
I have no delay whatsoever on my 7 since 11.1 it’s been great! 

Make sure you have triple click accessibility options and Assistive Touch disabled
It’s because the emoji keyboard is the same height as the regular keyboard with the predictive bar enabled.

When you have it disabled, the app still thinks the keyboard is as tall as the keyboard without it. It was really bad in early iOS 11 betas, couldn’t press the send button in iMessage, I had to re-enable the predictive bar to fix this because it was driving me too crazy. 
I upgraded my 7 from 11.0.2 to 11.1b2 because of multitasking and I feel like my phone took a breath of fresh air. Finally I have performance and battery life I expect from an iPhone again. Apps stay in memory like they used to and navigating around the system is smooth and fast. A couple problems still remain (the lock screen/notification/widget system is still really buggy, and my phone still just doesn’t feel like waking up sometimes) but I definitely recommend the update 
(Fellow daily driver of both platforms here) Check narwhal on iOS out. You’ll cry of happiness. 
Lol! Fair question, lightning in a bottle
For me it went bassnectar > Rufus > big wild
Shitting dick nipples
Saw him at LIB, pheonominal
It should work behind CC, it should just dismiss CC upon invoke (this is how it worked in iOS 10 for both CC and NC
She’s using a 4S??? Get her the phone. %100
Pressing the side button works as well
The plot thickens
I had to get rid of the music widget because of this
It was but now it brings has the same animations
As far as I’m aware this is how it works on phones with their language set to something that reads right to left like Arabic 
https://i.imgur.com/xBKy8KO.png 
IM WET
I own android devices for work purposes. I despise android. 
Randomly stumbled into them at OSL this year without knowing who they were

One of the best sets of the weekend. Absolutely pheonominal 
I’ve gotten a new iPhone every year since 2007 and they’ve got one month left to drop a 11.0.2+ jailbreak before I get my X and it’ll officially be the first iPhone I’ve owned and never had a chance to jailbreak
Hahah I did the exact same thing xD
I love the idea of the touchbar I just have one complaint in its execution that causes all my frustration: I wish it supported 3D Touch in the same way the trackpad does. That way it would feel like I was “pressing” a button. That way I wouldn’t accidentally touch a button when I didn’t mean to. 
This is the way to do it. I went through my notifications and carefully combed through what gets to be on the cover sheet, history, banners, and badges. It’s almost like a priority system. Most ended up with badges only, and I now have a very clean notification system with quick access to everything, not much piling up in history except stuff I need to interact with, and the rest as a badge on the home screen, and only really important stuff actually sending banners and on the cover sheet. I absolutely love it, and it’s my favorite change of iOS 11. 
I sorely miss the days you could jailbreak the most current firmware... I’ll never have a jailbreak again at this point...
I’m pretty sure the designers who work on emojis are not the same people who work code optimization 
Assuming no physical health risks you shouldn’t get a pet stoned (unless they have chronic pain or something like that) because

A: they cannot consent so even if they have a relaxed nature you’re not sure if they actually like it and

B: in reality they are probably experiencing a lot of fear because they feel very different and do not know why and without context or object permanence it just results in fear until it’s over

Edit: and the reason my dog probably gets really happy and excited when I break the weed out is he knows I’m about to lay down on the floor with him and give a 3 hour tummy rub
I LOVE BRUSHING MY TEETH WHILE HIGH

I’ve also noticed it’s a very effective way to get rid of dry mouth 
This is insane 
I can’t tell if this is terrible on purpose
No, it’s pretty bad. To be honest even apples portrait mode on the 7+ was pretty bad until iOS 11, and even then requires very specific lighting and depth conditions. Here’s to hoping it’s better on the X
Dope! Nice setup
No problem! I recommend whatever you use as a server to be hardwired in 👍
it caches everyone in the apartments iCloud data, so when were streaming anything from our accounts (iCloud photo library, iCloud music library, iCloud Drive etc) it streams over the local network instead of the internet so it's practically instant instead of unbearably slow. also things like uploading backups and media files are much quicker because it sends it to the Mac mini, and then that does the heavy lifting of actually uploading it
Na just made it less aggressive 
I do this all the time, my friends make fun of me hahah, I like opening my eyes for bits and watching the light shows, and then closing them and feeling the music 
I have an old Mac mini at home running server for iCloud caching and time machine. There’s a lot of us living in the apartment and it really helps
Worth it for that sweet sweet oled
Ah I don’t have a calendar widget. Just time/date, battery, and an image 
No issues for me so far
My phone has been dropping to hsdpa in areas I get strong LTE and it’s been really annoying
Wow so many things wrong with this post

1: click bate title
2: really poorly described behavior of the feature, I had a difficult time understanding even after reading through the spelling errors
3: feature existed in 11.0 betas

You can add it to control center 
Your MacBook should be able to supply 10w to your iPhone, similar to the larger faster iPad brick. Check the app “system profiler” on your Mac, go to USB, find your iPhone and it will show the maximum amount of current being drawn by the device. (Should report 500, plus 500 extra totaling at 1A)

Are you using an Apple branded lightning cable, and if you’re using a lightning to USB-A cable, are you using an Apple branded USB C-A adapter?

Edit: also worth to note, if you choose “don’t trust” when plugging in it will only charge at .5 because it doesn’t report itself as an iPhone, but that should still be way faster than %10 in three hours
Np! Thanks!
I would delete this and re-post it in /r/HarryPotter, you would get a better reaction 
This article has nothing to do with the fact that manufacturers and carriers do not push updates in a timely manner or at all to older android hardware.

What it is saying is that manufacturers now have 6 years to develop hardware before the version they are using is out of date, instead of two. 

My guess is this is one of the advantages of Apple using an in-house kernel and SoC, it’s development timeline is always in-sync with hardware devolopment.
Have you restored the phone? Like plug it into iTunes, reboot it into restore mode, and restored it to factory settings? After this process it should take your SIM card. 

Edit; never mind read your update comment, you should put that in the main post
Shocked
It was like a textured dashboard metal type pattern 
Hmm sorry man then idk
Yeah but the actual switch
Is your ringer muted?
No problem!
Settings > sounds & haptics > disable “change with buttons” for ringers and alerts

This will also make the volume slider in CC (and everything except the sound portion of settings) only relate to media volume and never ringer/alerts volume
Bill graham is by far my favorite EDM venue. Easy and quick access to water (no need to bring your own, it’s free and plentiful with no lines) and bathroom, great vibes, great sound, great lights. I can’t WAIT for Boo, it’s honestly my favorite event of the year.

Security is thorough, but nice. They are looking for guns and knives, not much else, make sure to say thank you. 

Even with AC the dance floor gets hot and sweaty, but coat check is a breeze, close to the dance floor, and never has a line except right after the show ends but moves quickly. They let you run to to coat check and get stuff from your bag or whatever whenever you need.

They’ll let in cigs no problem, but don’t smoke on the dancefloor, independent of the rules that’s just not nice for whoever is behind you, there’s dedicated smoking areas and honestly even the balcony is chill. 

My only other advice is have a blast, the back is better than the front, break ya neck and make some friends! See you there fam :)
InsomniaX is the best IMO
Good bot
Fuck. Yes. 
You’re the best!
This is amazing! Any chance of a much higher resolution version for QHD phones?
I am right there with you. I am absolutely livid about this change. I leave my phone docked playing music at work and this is how I controlled it. It was the main reason I purchased a watch. Now I just listen to Spotify so I can control it from my laptop, but I really miss having my own library. This change is absolutely abysmal.


The only two other things I use my watch for are notifications (which I don’t even like, the fact that it shows the icon before the content, and that you can’t set custom sounds and vibrate patterns per app) and telling the time. 
I’ve been getting this on 11.0.1 also
I have it on my iPad Pro and while I like the idea I hate how it skews color accuracy, especially in blues. So I end up leaving it off. 
The similar change they made to the music app when going from iOS 9 > 10 made me go back to Spotify. It’s a clunky, lifeless mess that doesn’t feel like it came from apple. 
You can block the number without adding it to a contact first
Purify
Gotta start the swipe from off the edge of the screen, and make sure to keep swiping beyond half the screen 
Bad title 
Seems like they are writing these articles in advance to be the first ones to post and not fact checking before posting them..... not a good look....
Nice!!! glad to see them working on Apple Music again. seems the play/pause shadow issue isn't fixed yet....
Oooo I like it! Thanks!
Ooo I like it, makes sense with the app-switching bar on the X
huh, cool
Can you post a video?
can you post a video?
And once pretty much every major app supports it drop real dark mode based on those flags and everything auto supports it so the feature is perfect out the box 
I still have the widgets issue :( might try a reset all settings tomorrow 
Shit i would take the exact same battery and a thicker frame just so my phone laid flat on a table 
When I read that I was so relived! I just hope it happens today at 10... 🙏
I’ll do anything for the return of 3D Touch multitasking....
Airdropping then to my Mac running 10.12 gets HEVC files. 

What type of iPhone is it? Only a10 (iPhone 7) and never capture HEVC
the download was so fast on my 10000000000000g internet that it was done last week and I had to upload some cause it was in the negative
2 min on my half gigabit
Have you rebooted the phone?
Regardless of settings using the share sheet for anything but airdrop will result in a re-encoded file to ensure compatibility.

If you have you output set to original file you can get the HEVC on the PC by plugging it in and using the camera import feature, or airdropping it to a Mac and then sending it to the PC from the Mac. Alternatively, if your friend is using iCloud music library you can sign in on iCloud.com and download the HEVC file. These are the only ways. 
A scratched screen is a better experience than a screen protector. Return that if you can, it’s not worth it.
Lossless is absolutely better quality than lossy (let’s assume 256 or higher) and you can hear the difference.

But the difference is minor compared to the difference in say better equipment, better listening environment, and better audio source. It also can be a pain in the ass to get lossless files, or very expensive.

So while there is a difference, it’s usually not worth the effort and your time and money spent in other areas will be a lot more beneficial. Just don’t go lower quality than a 256 mp4 file. 
Fingers crossed the 11.1 beta includes 3D Touch multitasking 
Yes, it’s called dynamic resolution scaling. Most modern games use it.
Seconded. It’s near flawless. 
Long hold gives you the share sheet as well
My people are here
Gonna get an X?
Also I imagine the type of fan-boys that want an iPhone day 1, and the culture of waiting in line and having the Apple store experience are also the type of people to want the iPhone X. 

Everyone who got the 8 will probably go in when they feel like it over the next few weeks, or get it delivered to their door. 
Can’t wait for his show in SF a week before Halloween, gonna be insane 
I don’t know why the 7 didn’t get HDR, and I’m not sure why it didn’t get truetone sensors either 

But yeah the million:one ratio is the real star of the iPhone X here thanks to that oled tech, and will steel the show in terms of wow factor 
( ◕ ◡ ◕ ) 
Nope, not enough current. Wouldn’t even feel anything. Not so great for the iPad though.
My understanding is the iPhone 8’s (and 7’s?) display is Wide Color, 8bit HDR compliant. The iPhone X is Full Wide Color, 10bit HDR Compliant (required for the 4K HDR spec) meaning the iPhone X has a true full HDR display, but because the iPhone 8 supports Wide Color and Dolby Vision (very good on the fly tone mapping of 10bit to 8 bit conversion) watching HDR content will look better than a SDR display. 

TLDR: iPhone X (10bit HDR) > iPhone 8 (8bit HDR) >>> SDR
HDR is a portion of the 4K spek that’s not required

It’s the 1080p to 720p, both HD, one better
Disable all your extensions and see if the behavior continues 
Omg this would be incredible
The only part of this email that is not bullshit is the line “leave the lightshow to us”

I love gloving, it’s one of my favorite ways to dance and the joy it brings is incredible.

But there’s a time and a place - and if I paid a huge heap of money to see some of the worlds best production light shows - I’m gonna watch that not my sub $100 glove sets I can play with at any time at home

Edit: the part that stings though is the association with drug culture. I wish we were mast this mentality in society by now. 
Omg if we get 11.1 beta on Monday with the return of multitasking BOIIIIIII
Yes but only if i have any “accessibility shortcuts” (using the triple click home button gesture) enabled. Once those are all off (for both triple click and CC) the delay is gone for both going home and multitasking 
What is this sorcery! I like the idea, but I don’t know if I like it 8.99 a month....
I haven't been in the JB scene since iOS 9 but you used to gain a similar end result from mega tweaks that offer "close folder on home" functions, like folder enhancer, mikoto, springtomize
YOOOOO THIS IS LIT
somehow you uploaded a thumbnail, don't worry about it thank you so much though!
iCloud backup, arbitrary limits on cellular downloads from the App Store, reduced video quality on YouTube even though I have stream saver disabled
can you post it here? https://expirebox.com
this one is lower res :( thanks anyway I appreciate it!
That’s why I want three options, off, on, and aggressive 
Do you have the original file for this? I love it! Reddit compresses things like crazy :(
I just have a lot of nostalgia for it because GC was my first system and sunshine my first Mario game
this is gonna look so sick on an OLED panel
Yeah but I wish it was. I have unlimited data, very strong LTE, and very weak wifi. If things like iCloud backup and large app updates weren't limited to wifi, I probably wouldn't use wifi at all.
I LOVE it. Makes the top of lists easier to reach on larger screened devices. 
That’s your cat now, she’s choosing you
Yet I still find myself staring at a buffering screen with one bar of wifi. I wish there was an “aggressive” wifi assist, anything less than very strong wifi use cellular
If you have “rest finger to unlock” disabled it works this was with Touch ID as well. They added this for the messages app in 10.2, and expanded it to all notifications in iOS 11

An added benefit of setting it up this way is you can just “tap” a notification from the unlocked cover sheet to open it, no need to swipe 
Not as bad as I want a remastered sunshine for switch 
I think the four makes more sense. I’ve been with the beta for a while and comparing signal using DB rates and the open signal app and it seems that the first three bars and dots are the same, and the 4th and 5th dot have been merged to show as full service. 

I always considered four dots full service anyway so this makes sense to me
My understanding is the issue is the codec, iOS forces you to use HEVC when filming in 4K/60
It pulls the top of the list lower, easier to reach on larger devices 
Yup gone. Before it didn’t show the incremental size though so it was fairly broken, but they should have fixed it not removed it. 
I’ve just gotten in the habit of dismissing the keyboard before pulling up CC. Honestly I MUCH prefer never accidentally engaging CC while typing then having to dismiss the keyboard before getting to CC. most apps let you swipe down in the text area to dismiss it, and if it doesn’t a quick home button press and then swipe up does the trick. 
A9 has decoding, but not encoding. Meaning you can watch videos sent from your friends with A10+ without them needing to be re-encoded first, but off your camera will still be H.264
Banning in front of the soundbooth is absolutely perfect. (Small) Totems are excellent when running around with the crew and trying to stick together, but if were deep in a crowd keep that shit down. If someone breaks off mid show that’s their risk and if they can’t find you coming back, they can find you after the set.
I highly recommend sitting down for half an hour and combing the settings app every time a new major iOS update comes out
Not trying to say you’re not good at what you do, just better safe than sorry if a screw driver accidentally finds its way into one of those cells. Safety is more important than pride. 
I have a similar setup to OP but I’m using iOS, do I have the same issue?
%100 digital here. I don’t plan on reselling any games and I love having my whole collection with me without having to carry anything extra. 
Pull the cable out from the plastic not the cable, exposed wiring can be really dangerous

Also you shouldn’t have exposed battery cells like that especially if charging them, put a battery cover on it or at least close the display assembly over the body

You should also really have a bucket of sand around if a thermal event happens
Samsung can have the best screen at the best price because Samsung makes the screen

Apple can have the best professor at the best price because Apple makes the processor 
It’s 2017 I’m not buying another phone with an LCD panel. If you got the cash get the X, if you don’t get the V30
I’m betting 11.0 is what hardware will ship with, with a day 1 11.0.1 update
It has to do with auto brightness which also adjusts the contrast of the display to match the surroundings for better reading, QuickTime is aware of this and disables it when only video is playing in full screen. You can test this by disabling auto brightness and the behavior stops
I’ve tried many alternative apps but iOS doesn’t allow any third party app to edit the library, only read it so if I want to add songs to a playlist I’m stuck bouncing between multiple apps and it’s super annoying. Fix one problem cause another :(
Their new album is fire 😍
If you sync your music with a cable it respects the order you have selected in iTunes, but not if you’re using any form of iCloud music library
https://i.imgur.com/IP73r.gif
Not on the 7 :(
Yeah if you didn’t have the latest device or software. My iPhone 7 never saw the light of jailbreaking because I had already moved on to 10.2 when the 10.1 dropped and the singing window was already closed. This experience for me, is a sign of the death of jailbreaking, something I have been doing since 2008. For YEARS I could be jailbroken on the latest device, with the latest software, with no troubles. The last time this happened was iOS 9, after some bad dry spells. But this is the first time a full release cycle has passed and we have not ONCE seen latest device + latest software jailbroken even for a minute. 
Luca said soon
When gender is unspecified their is correct terminology
Why is this being downvoted? This is correct
You ever seen an OLED screen at night? You’ll want the X
I don’t see CDMA going down for a long time. Verizon still has a huge number of devices connected to it (especially in the space of fixed devices like parking meters, vending machines etc). It’s very possible new flagship devices will not include CDMA antennas and maitenence of the network will decrease dramatically including its quality but it won’t go away for at least another 5 or more years. By then, the market will have caught up as well. 

AT&T was able to repurpose their edge network becuase they can still operate their 3G network without it (hsdpa+, etc), but Verizon can’t do the same with their 1xRTT because EV-DO relies on it as a base technology
APTx is variable and I believe to be somewhere around 600kbps. I think Apple chose 256aac for their wireless products because that’s what iTunes/AM streams so anything more than that would be overkill if that was your source
*AirPods, reduced to 256aac by that sweet sweet bluetooth
The more you know! Still must have cost them a pretty penny for how much they implemented it
Can you post a screenshot of this? Is there any overlap?
I hate cover flow. It’s slow, not pretty, and pointless. I totally agree with the list view being best, as long as there are still thumbnails as well (I’m looking at you Spotify)
Open the network section of system preferences with your iPhone plugged in and under USB iPhone or something like that should be a checkbox something alone the lines of “only use if needed” and it should only use the USB hotspot when no other network connection is available 
They must have spent a lot of money developing that feature because they put it in *everything* even finder (still an option somehow)
Were you still in your first year of limited?
My apple care is expired :(
That’s probably the best option for the price. I currently own a series 0 and it’s so slow it’s unusable, mostly I regret buying it. At this point I use it for the time, looking at notifications, and unlocking my Mac, if I have to interact with it at all there’s no point I might as well get my phone out of my pocket. Unless the 3 has some serious performance improvements, I’m not upgrading for a while. 
Exactly, be able to put entry level pricing on the front page but still get people to walk out of the store with the series 3. 
My guess will be the series 3 will take the current series 2 price slot, with LTE modem being a premium, and series 2 being discontinued with series 1 keeping the low end
Not a funny joke

Edit: I know people who wait all day to use the bathroom at home despite their discomfort because they have been harassed in either bathroom they go in. It is not a funny joke. These kinds of things only justify this behavior, and are not harmless. We should be promoting peace, love, unity, and respect. If you have someone in your life who is not cisgendered who you are close with ask their permission to discuss their experience with you, it may be very eye opening.
It’s the same as a bad acid trip just 10,000x less intense

It’s all about environment, stimulation, and state of mind. 

You need to be in a comfortable, familiar environment (your bed for example) with minimal stimulation, but just enough that you’re not left with your own thoughts (dim lightning, soft downtempo music, etc) and then just focus on stuff that’s “now” not was or could be. How cool your skin feels, how cool the music sounds, whatever can keep you in the moment, and then you’ll pass by it in no time 

And just as a quick edit, unlike what others are saying the worst thing you can do is add more drugs to the mix, your brain is over stimulated as it is. Do not smoke more even if it is a different strain, and do not try and counter it with other stuff, it’ll just get worse I promise. You are in control, not the substance. 
The cmd + tab frame 😂😂😂
This is the silent killer of it 
Not putting on sunscreen 😖
It was an option on my very first iPhone in 2007
I doubt the switch version will be nearly as large
This app is epic! Thanks for the share! 
Buy a 128gb SD card and never worry about cartridges again
Not really a solution but for Reddit specifically if you use narwhal there’s the option to choose how system audio behaves when a video (or gif as they are just looping mp4s these days) plays, either muting, ducking, or muxing. 
Now if only the shadow behind the album art would behave correctly, and if they make it so you don’t need such an exaggeratedly long swipe to dismiss now playing!
I also noticed much better bitrate for Bluetooth itself, with my headphones not dropping down to SBC from AAC even when I walk away from my phone 
It was horrendously buggy for me. I never had an issue with the actual function of sync seemed to keep my stuff in order between my iPad and iPhone, but man I could immeaditly tell when the sync started because my CPU would ramp up to %100 and my battery would start draining like crazy, and the messages app was so laggy I couldn’t even type, and would be like this for like 15+ minutes. 

Most likely they shelved it tell 11.1 to make sure it works right and doesn’t effect performance and battery during sync 
🔥
Just A Gent, nice. That EP is 🔥
After purchasing a iPhone on launch day every year since 2007 my iPhone 7 was the first device I never got a chance to jailbreak, as I upgraded to 10.2 a little too soon. 

It’s making the LG V30 look pretty fucking sweet
I had my wallet stolen at Coachella last year. Luckily i was prepared and it was just my credit card and $5 (which I cancelled instantly), and I had my debit card in my car back at camp so I was fine but it really didn’t feel good
I never noticed that doesn’t have an animation! You’re so right! I usually use swipe down from home screen now that the search-anywhere gesture is gone (sad face)
I’m hoping this fixed the now playing bug where the shadow goes all wonky 

Update: nope
It’s not just the OS that gets updated with newer features and optimization’s for newer processors but also apps and websites. A restore can help a lot, but there’s no getting around the fact that the software from all angles is more demanding. 2 years is a lifetime in technology. 
Command + [
I’ve seen porter a handful of times now and is one of the best sets I’ve ever seen, and I’ve also seen madeon and it was incredible so I was really excited to see this at Coachella and was left.... underwhelmed. It was good, but the solo sets were better and it didn’t seem to live up to the hype 
I’m on narwhal and both links seems to go to the same place?
THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING
What is southpaw
Because you’re lying. I’m sure what you consider acceptable most people who are used to the speed of devices with more modern hardware would not find it to “run ok”
Don’t try and latch on! Make it your own experience and only focus on yourself, others will be worrying about themselves not you
Being able to move through your fears and doing it solo will be one of the key things that will allow you to be able to find a new crew and settle in. You must find yourself before you can find others, go to a festival alone! You’ll see how freeing it is, you can go anywhere and see anyone and do anything you like! You’ll find everyone is really nice and might even meet a couple friends. 
Oregon is blossoming with EDM culture and filled with incredible people and possibilities. You’ll gain a new crew - and you won’t loose your old. I promise :)
My guess is the new iPhones’s function bar or whatever will have fixed spotlight and multitasking buttons. A real shame they decided to gimp older devices in the process. Why not keep the features? It’s absurd to me and really putting a damper on my workflow. 
This looks sick! The only thing that stands out from it is the glass on the front isn’t curved to match. Then it would be perfect!
[👍](https://media.giphy.com/media/XreQmk7ETCak0/giphy.gif)
That’s a lifetime in smartphone world
Yeah but good luck getting them to push a software update through the carriers that adds this feature to older hardware in any from of a timely manner
This is most likely what’s going to happen. Vanilla android will not support it for a long time, but premium manufacturers like Samsung will

Edit: and probably require new hardware to do so
Probably flash chips for iPads?
Just because you don’t like something doesn’t mean other people shouldn’t, try being nice one day people might start being nice back to you 
Had every iPhone since the first and I’ve (mostly) never had a case. I don’t regret it one bit. I paid upwards of $800 for this, I want to hold and feel it’s awesome design and materials. I used to own cheap knock off life proofs to put on only when I’m at a music festival or backpacking, but now that the 7 is water/dust resistant I don’t even have one on when I do that and it’s been incredible. 

I’m really good about not dropping my phones, and the only screen I’ve cracked was on my 6+ and that taught me I can’t have the larger screened phone. My phones get a lot of wear and tear, scuffing and scratching (eps my jet black 7) but I don’t mind it, looks good to me tbh. I LOVE the way my 7 looks right now, a bunch of silver knicks and scratching all over it makes it mine. 

I hate the way cases feel bulky and plastic, and I hate feeling the edge of them when using edge-swipe gestures. No case for life!
What is happening in these comments 
I could not disagree more. Each to their own I guess. 
It just just be because I have a soft spot for cascada because I grew up listening to her but... I feel like hers is better...
How to cure munchies without eating an entire pizza and two burritos in one sitting:

Get something small, but with a very stimulating flavor, and with some protein (super salty or sweet, like a pack of chocolate almonds or beef Jerky), a huge glass of water and some gum. Start with the snack, finish the water, and then chew the gum. Good to go. 
These are sick cheers
absolute fire, and lossless download??? amaze
If you set all the networks to the exact same name/password your devices will treat them as one huge network and atuomaticly switch between which has the best signal
I just respond with “oh what, you’re afraid I’ll treat you the way you treat women?”
Thanks for the insight! I downloaded camera+ and took a look at some raw images, I agree it does do a good job smoothing things out. I still wish there was a larger file for more bitrate option
For third party apps you can disable “sounds” which also disables vibrations 
You can set the vibration tone for messages to “none” and leave it on for phone calls.
A7 devices should have never gone past iOS 9
Probably the proximity sensor. It’s normal to be activated at all times. You shouldn’t be able to see it, do you have a third party display?
I have a bunch of smart playlists in my iCloud music library that show and update on all three macs I have signed in, and simply aren’t even listed on my iPad or iPhone :(
Ah this makes sense! Still I would have preferred noise over this....
What issue? Ive had no problems
They are perfectly smooth (60/120 respectively) on both my iPhone 7 and 2017 iPad Pro
Mine is perfect 60fps on iPhone 7
I would vote the majority (if not all) people are somewhere in the middle. Nothing is absolute in nature and humanity.

We need to move past gay and straight, and obsession with gender, and just let ourselves fall in love with who we fall in love with and not worry about if it fits this label we put on ourselves, and others.
Everywhere I go every day of my life people assume I’m straight

Maybe people should just stop assuming
For gods sake!
If you have rotational hard drives in 2017 you have a bigger problem 
You can double tap a word after typing it anywhere (notes, new message, etc) and press “look up”
Sup fam
It prevents network congestion and battery drain, although I do agree I wish there was like a “allow this one time” type thing
Because android/pixel/nexus is not googles main product, and no where near their main source of income
Louis the child
Vincent
Flume
Slumberjack
Veorra
Illenium
I’ve noticed if you “peak/pop” a link it will also skip AMP
It drives me crazy that the keyboard turns the wrong way

It’s system wide with the keyboard too, messages, mail etc. 

Also why is the character and emoji button flipped? WHY???
Why not just a tweak that gives you precise control on dimming and auto lock timeout periods

For example: dim after 1 minute, lock after 5

(Currently dim is always 15 seconds before lock, and lock has only a couple options to choose from instead of a value input)
Would have saved you time
Lady Gaga - Coachella
Bassnectar - LIB
Above & Beyond - Outside Lands
Just saw them perform at outside lands

Their energy was pheonominal. The whole crowd was bouncing and vibing. They looked like they were having the time of their life. The music was pheonominal.

Highly recommend 
According to this, *they still do*

https://www.verizonwireless.com/support/video-optimization/
Not weird. Just sexist. 
No I meant gigabits... 10 megabits couldn’t even load a JPEG in under 3 minutes...
Verizon isn’t directly re-encoding videos or working with partners to only offer certain streams like ATT and T-Mobile, instead simply throttling traffic if it’s video traffic. 1080p = 10gbps, 720p = 5gbps, 480p = 1.5gbps


In my city I rarely see speeds above 5 unless it’s like 2am (then I see crazy speeds like 100+) so tbh I don’t care too much right now. I just wish they had the decency to disable it like AT&T does. Although I’m pretty sure AT&T legally has to have an option to disable it because it’s directly modifying content with the re-encode. 

All of this reminds me of when Verizon was compressing JPEGs on their 3G network to make it feel faster....
Me too :( I’ve had this since like beta 3 and it’s really annoying 
You sure you weren’t in low power mode the first round?
Happens to me with the default notes app
iPhone 7, animations enabled, no lag
still need to press the album art in the expanded widget
I hope so!! It feels mostly polished by now, the main bugs that have been annoying me that I hope get fixed are the widgets page (either never load, or load the incorrect size) and that I have to press the home button like 600 times to get out of app edit mode

Also the feature changes I am hoping for but I doubt will ever happen is the removal of the volume HUD and to ditch the new now playing widget... but I can only dream...
I think it should have 3D Touch functionality and require force to activate like the real buttons/trackpad
Unable to reproduce on iPhone 7
How’s that 10.3 stability tho /s
https://www.reddit.com/r/EarthPorn/comments/6rwblz/drive_30_minutes_west_from_bend_or_and_you_get/
I was thinking you can swipe the little thing at the bottom left and right for next/previous, and tap it for pause 
Totally agreed. I like a lot of the changes in iOS 11 but not this one...
Could you image if the iPhone 8 or whatever is a 120hz oled screen....

[drool...](https://media.giphy.com/media/Zk9mW5OmXTz9e/giphy.gif)
.....I kinda like it
Bruh
SERIOUSLY THIS SHIT PISSES ME OFF
Even worse, the iPhone 7 has never had a jailbreak for the current singed firmware. I was on 10.2 when the 10.1 dropped and have never once jailbroken my iPhone 7, it’s been abysmal.

In fact, because I’m running the iOS 11 beta, I never once got a chance to jailbreak iOS 10, and I’ve ran a current phone with jailbreak Phone OS 1 - iOS 9

It’s been dark times 
Wait tidal has a STORE???? WTF!!!!!! This changes everything!

Edit: and it’s cheaper than beatport!!! How have I missed this!
Brutal to say the least.... you can’t even upload your own tracks to the platform

Also if you do some googling there’s easy ways to wiggle yourself a 6-month long free trial floating around 
https://tidal.com/album/72916023

But it’s DRM locked and behind a monthly subscription pay wall
Not on beatport or Bandcamp :( only place I can find flac is tidal
Me and peach go way back 
And zuma
I press the home button to go back to the lock screen and then turn on rotation lock and then it fixes it
I am on Verizon and can choose quality as well
This was insane when they played it at OSL
I found this one it’s slightly larger, still not close though [link](http://stunning.pics/images/45/beaming-rays-lash-the-star-freckled-darkness-of-night-QaOBhM.jpg)
You can use photoshop express (free from the App Store) to flip them back
You need to make sure your lenses are clean. Use a microfiber cloth. 

Also, I recommend to NOT use HDR. At least on iPhone, it’s pretty bad. It’s a nice idea on paper but just results in unnatural colors and stitching artifacts. Turning it off results in much better photos. 
I own a pair of these, I absolutely love them, excellent bass and detail but they are HUGE so don’t expect to wear them out of the house. 
the long hold was awful on my iPad so I totally understand why they went back to the swipe gestures for non-3D Touch devices, I just don’t see why they added it back in for newer devices. Continuity maybe? I just would like a toggle to disable it
I wish they let us choose
*picks phone out of pocket and swipe screen without looking for camera*

*is met with my lock screen and a notification with “view” and “clear” open and not my camera*

Conflicting gestures, both are a swipe over 
I am so unbelievably jealous. I miss my 9.3 6S, it was a panicle for me. 

And to be fair everyone said that about iOS 6.... but i never felt that way, but I’m starting to feel that way about iOS 9
It was flawless! I’ve loved every single update all the way up until 9, and then 10 and 11 they have gone in a lot of directions I do not agree with, especially when it comes to speed of navigation 
Holy god this is fire

I need more carmada SO GOOD
Right!!!!! I miss in beta 1 and 2 it was perfect 
I noticed with my 6S (never happened on my 7 though) if I was low on battery, and tried to take a picture with the flash, my phone would shut off and tell me I was out of power. It might just draw too much energy. 
I strongly prefer safari, and I noticed my workflow is vastly different than anyone else’s I’ve watched use a computer. 


I mostly prefer having multiple windows, not tabs. Each window I consider a “session”, I have my “shopping” window (a couple tabs of amazon for example) my “work stuff” window, my “research window”, and more, each with never more than 5 or so tabs, and when it starts to get larger than that I bookmark/read later and close. 


I can’t fathom how people can navigate more than that many tabs, fav icons or not, it’s so disorganized and I would loose track of what I had open and waste resources not closing in fear of closing something I needed. 
No problem! I feel very confident this is the case
You have your whole lifetime to work. Enjoy your youth. Unless you need the money from that 8 hours to eat, in 10 years you’ll remember the festival more than a lifeguard job you’ll never be able to get back because you called in sick to go make memories. More jobs will come. 
I actually prefer it (on my 4.7 model)

I found I would constantly tap them accidentally while typing as I go very fast and don’t hit keys accurately

I wish it was an option people could turn on and off in keyboard settings

Edit: also, why are the emoji and special character buttons flipped??? WHY???? WHY HAS IT BEEN LIKE THIS FOR YEARS
iOS doesn’t show you the full resolution original file until you start zooming in to make scrolling faster and memory footprint lower, and it seems there’s a bug in the conversion process when creating the thumbnail. I wouldn’t worry though - your original file is unchanged, an iOS update, or possibly a forced rebuild of the thumbnail database by resyncing/restoring would resolve it.
I hope so
Exactly 
I don’t, that’s why I made the post
What type of files do you need in sync? Something like Dropbox or iCloud Drive would be easier and worth the cost 
This is such a toxic mentality... talk and work through your problems, find middle grounds with level headed mature discussions, be able to have a disagreement and come to an understanding with a calm demeanor and only a few words, then you are best friends in the whole world because you understand each other without negativity and argument 
No I like having rest to open off because I have my notifications and widgets page hidden unless unlocked
Parasol with lots of little LEDs

Great fun to dance with, keeps the sun off you in the day, folds up very compact, and you can use it to cover the squads bag pile for visibility
People started use of the Gregorian calendar in year 1582

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregorian_calendar
Works fine for me
I still have it on beta 5
Manually download the IPSW
Woah now THIS IS IMPRESSIVE!!!!!! 
I’m intrigued by this... do you have any examples?
Honestly it continues to disappoint me. Until it can get the bits between the grapes, the fence, and get the edges perfect, I won’t be impressed.

It just looks like a quick photoshop job, which I guess is impressive to be done automatically. But it’s still not a good output. I bet the original photo looks better. 
I use it all the time to define words to make sure I’m using them correctly
http://is5.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Music/v4/7d/aa/2a/7daa2a2f-e260-13ba-afc3-cc1faa9313c6/source/100000x100000-999.jpg
I’m kinda happy about it..... I never used the shortcuts and just ended up tapping them by accident, now I can type more freely 
Man just give me back the album-art focused and color-filled interface of iOS 9
Also all networks show as “auto join disabled” in this mode
I’ll update via iTunes instead of OTA and do a reset all settings. Should be good enough 
I’ve just been pulling down the cover sheet for my music control
YOU ARE A GENIUS
If you double click to multitasking it goes away
It feels better for me but not fixed
https://vid.me/6tYe1
When I get home I can record it from my iPad 
The issue where tapping a notification would just open the app and not go to the proper location in the app seems resolved as well
Its still there for me

Edit: iPhone 7
The issue where it scrolls to the top when pulling down the cover sheet seems resolved! Phew 
Your iCloud Photo Library will hold the photos, in full quality in the new format, without loosing any. You may not be able to view these files on your device running iOS 10, you’ll see the thumbnail with a unsupported format warning, and will regain access to these files next time you upgrade, but they won’t be deleted 
This is the internals of a 7+
Yeah i can tomorrow 
I feel you. It’s been really getting under my skin. 
http://i.imgur.com/FfvpeRE.jpg 

http://i.imgur.com/L27MEsx.jpg 

http://i.imgur.com/XZg3ubs.jpg 

Edit:

http://i.imgur.com/QfXXZ4D.jpg 

http://i.imgur.com/zsTIGuy.jpg 

http://i.imgur.com/F18MMfz.jpg 

Bonus:

http://i.imgur.com/lF2dP4w.jpg 
I’m so tired of my phone scrolling to the top everytime I check Notification Center
Happens to me when I’m trying to dismiss the cover sheet if the phone was already unlocked, and when trying to set a new wallpaper
Crosses fingers for Super Mario Sunshine HD (and not just a retexture like twilight... a proper remake like wind waker) even though I know it’s never going to happen
Misleading title. They are just excluding the Mac from the category of “pc” and giving a “Mac option” side
It never worked for me until I did a fresh install, now it works like a charm. I wish it kept everything in sync in live time instead of periodically but it’s still miles better than the old system
Yeah the now playing widget is super buggy

It’s my least favorite change in iOS 11 
I think they are on purpose burying explicitly free listings in order to promote people being more willing to look at paid options
MEEEEE

I’m dying out here
I upgrade every year at launch time. I love getting the new shiny device with all the new features and performance and camera. I usually buy my devices outright, and sell last years model a week or so before the new phone drops for maximum resale and only end up spending like 100, 200 dollars each time. 
I love that my new MPB doesn’t have the glow. My last laptop would light up my whole room with blue glow when it was on at night now it’s nice and dark
Right with you buddy. Been jailbreaking since iOS 1, and have made it all the way through iOS 10 without a jailbreak once on my 7 :( meek times my friend. 9.3 was my favorite to be honest....
This is absolute perfection! I especially love the artwork in the control center widget they NEED to implement this!!!

Also upvote for flume
Thanks for the recommendations! I’ll check it out :)
I guess my main question is.... why do people care? I understand if you still have a 16gb but most iPhones shipped in the last few years were at least 64gb with iPhones 7s being 128, and some even 256. 

When you have 64gb .3gb for Spotify is not bad
I bet you can get flume albums on vinal


Not sure why you would though to be honest. In my experience analogue music sounds better played back from analogue, and digitally created music sounds better played digitally. It’s the conversion from one to the other that degrades quality. 
Wi-Fi assist should take care of this for you
Through TRIM or garbage collection, the files flagged for deletion are permanently deleted even without encryption unlike a hard drive where it waits for overwriting. 
Secure delete is not necessary on an SSD. On a HDD deleting a file flags it for overwriting to improve speed, but can be recovered with software if it isn’t overwritten yet, so secure delete overwrites it with 0s on the spot.

Modern SSDs with TRIM will delete the file immeaditly, and securely by default. 
Could also be quality of bud
I’ve been smoking every day for years and they feel like almost a completely different substance to me.... sativa feels like coffee with a bit of mushrooms and indica is like a very mild xanax with some muscle relaxer
Do you know what sub you’re on?
You need to switch to indica for a while
I love this trick - I use it to fix the music widget all the time
The 5S runs way better than the iPad mini due to the fact that it pushes way less pixels 
Just don’t do anything that will cause attention, and no one will be looking
I think with iOS 11 they are making adjustments for the interface to be more friendly to larger displays, requiring you to use reachability less. Like the larger nav bars when at the top of the list bringing it down, and the one handed keyboard. I like this approach better, make it so I can use the interface with one hand, not have to constantly switch modes
Hmm that’s pretty serious, and the fact that it only effects the wide angle lens and not the telephoto really makes it seem hardware related (although with beta, probably not)

I would restore to 10 and see if it continues 
Restart
Really? The very first thing I do on android devices is disable this feature along with keyboard sounds. It’s beyond distracting while typing. 
Same thing happened to me. I saw that refresh rate and now I cannot go back. It was just so sssmmmoootthh
What would someone with webcam access do? Watch me eat Cheerios while I watch Netflix?
You probably need to wait for a software update to enable airplay 2 on your Apple TV 
[Bruh google it](https://www.google.com/search?q=ios+11+facebook+integration&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8&hl=en-us&client=safari)
Used 5S is your best option. you get Touch ID and the A7 still runs strong on iOS 10, and will probably take 11 and 12. The battery life on it is decent, and it has bluetooth. Defiantly go with something iOS based, the app is much much better. also, If something ever happens to your main phone its a good backup. 
Works great on narwhal
Here’s where we differ, not once do I ever not have my phone with me
Try like a 3:1 CBD:THC
Why would I want to carry another device when my phone already has this functionality
This is what control center is for
You hit the nail on the head
I like it, the videos app is way better laid out than TV if you’re only looking for the content you synced in. I wish they let you keep both, cause the TV app is nice because of the streaming integration 
This happens to me all the time!!! With random apps! It’s so weird!
Ah! Strange! I’ve always had it play (at least the start of) the animation 
I consistently get the Touch ID screen if I haven’t tried to unlock yet, and the passcode screen if I’ve gotten at least one failed read