I don't live there buddy.  No need to be so hostile though.
My Indian friends in Vancouver hate the rich Chinese people.. It's not just white lol.
I mean, he's a first year resident, meaning he's already gone through 8 yrs of school..
The dent isn't anywhere near the battery, it's on the top right hand corner at the back of the phone. It's barely noticeable.  

Go to your family doctor and ask him for a prescription of Chantix  (Aka Varenicline). It's been proven in clinical studies to significantly increase your odds of quitting.  Best of luck friend.
This is kinda random, but do you know anywhere I could get my iPhone 7+ battery replacement? I went to the Apple store to ask for the 29 dollar replacement but they said they won't do it cuz I have a dent in the back of my phone near the camera lens. So they wanted me to pay 350. (In Canada) What should I do, my battery degradation is at 79%?
Meh. The first two would have died whether he made the call or not, they were acutely ill and needed to organs for just a chance to survive. 

The dagger was the third guy who died. Cox had a friendly relationship with the guy and he could have waited another month for the organ; the transplant of a rabies-infested organ was the direct cause of his soon-after death.

Man I love Scrubs.
Jesus Christ instant tears from reading a reddit message.

Powerful stuff.  Thanks for that.
I hate this saying, mainly because it's inaccurate. 

Gyarados is not a dragon type, he is Water / Flying... Come on people.
Trump graduated from Wharton School of Business, UPenn. That doesn't mean the school is garbage.  Just that it can graduate garbage people.  Same is true of any school, bad apples always manage to find a way.
God bless Dr. Cox. The best mentor one could ever ask for.
I feel like a lot of them are pressured by their parents, some don't know what they want to do in their life, so they just end up saying "I'll be a doctor, no problem!"

The attrition rate at those schools is awful.  Even the "good" ones like St. Georges/Ross/Saba fail more than half their class before 2nd yr, and if you make it through to challenge the USMLEs (extremely difficult american medical board exams) you have to score significantly higher than an American medical grad to be considered for the same residency position, because of the preconceived notion that you are receiving a substandard medical education.

If you want to to pursue a career in medicine, and end up having a job in USA/Canada, do medicine here.  It isn't worth it otherwise.  I know too many friends/family who went to the Caribbean islands and effectively have a 300k piece of paper that says they're an MD, but they can't practice.  It's really depressing.
You keep linking some trash article with zero sources or Apple employees who can verify what's being said. 

" Those breakdowns are nonsense, here is my evidence of some guy writing an article on some website. He's informed for sure, trust me."
Kefka? Sephiroth? 
Jesus Christ Apple fanboys are pathetic. How sad is it that objective facts make you curl up in a ball and cry.
Caribbean DO schools don't exist. There are Caribbean MD schools and they are (for the most part) huge scams to get people to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars for a degree that is useless unless they match to a residency program in the USA.  Which is incredibly hard as a Caribbean graduate.
Any American/Canadian  who really wants to do medicine should do it in their country.
Fuck you.
I knew it was too good to be true..
How did she take the easy way out?  She applied for and got a residency slot in the USA.  She wrote the USMLEs and scored well enough to get the slot.  The only thing stopping her is Canadian governmental bullshit.  
Hm. From this picture the op6 notch doesn't look nearly as bad as apple's. I still would like to see video reviews of it though. 

Remaining hopeful.
People like you are the problem. You got any evidence to your claims? Or you going on feelz.
Isn't Mega Gyarados Water/Dark?
It's times like this where I wonder if it's really legit or just another guy.
I mean I know it's 99% chance just some random guy but there's always the 1% chance it's actually him..
This woman is stunning.

Fuck you, Jason Sudeikis.
Beautiful.  I only wonder if you could somehow wangle a second monitor on the desk? Maybe if the tower was on the floor or something..  A 2nd display makes a huge difference IMO.
How are people this beautiful.
Thank-you for the response.  
I just recently finished the series and was kind of sad Cuddy wasn't in s8.  Her presence was definitely missed.
Could you elaborate on this?  Which cast members didn't take a pay cut and which ones did?  I read elsewhere everyone on the show had to take a paycut (Other than Hugh Laurie) due to budget constraints by Fox.
I don't know about that, there are many allusions earlier in the series to Cuddy being in love with House since they were in medical school, and they hooked up then, too.  

House also wanted to start a relationship but was soon expelled from his 1st medical school, and never ended up pursuing the relationship.  Cuddy breaking up with House here never really made sense to me, but I guess it worked out since Lisa Edelstein never came back in s8 because she didn't feel she was being paid enough.
In all of those 4 categories, they developed a clean, polished final product that (in many ways) was way better than what the competition was offering at the time.

I don't see that with the homepod at all. You can only take full advantage of it if you're already fully entrenched in the Apple ecosystem. (Already use Siri / Apple music etc.)

True audiophiles would never buy something so limited in its use (it doesn't even have a 3.5 for audio in) and most other people don't care about sound enough to fully appreciate the homepods audio quality over other alternatives that are cheaper. 

Then add the fact they were 2 yrs late to all of that? The product is definitely a failure ( by Apple standards, it probably sells decently compared to the norm.)
Thirteen is such a badass character. 
Doesn't hurt that she's also fine as hell.
Scrubs and House are two of my top 5 all time... Both amazing.
Yeah, then he finally gets Stacey back and then he tells her to stay with Mark for her own good..

House is that guy you love deeply, but can't be with, as evidenced Stacey, that woman he met when he was in Rehab, and Cuddy.
13 and Foreman were both fucking excellent at their respective roles.
Their development over the seasons was superb and they both really conveyed a level of depth that I resonated with.  I was sad when 13 was gone in most of s7/s8

I also love Kutner, but he left the show for the White House.. if he had lasted longer it would be a 3-way tie.
Honestly, House shutting down the anti-vaxxer mom in the pilot episode, talking about baby coffins in "fire engine red or frog green,"
really encapsulated the average idiotic patient, and House's attitude towards them.  I loved it.
Having a brutal week. 

God bless Liz Lemon. Jack's OK too I guess.
Base game + 6 expansions (soon to be 7) with multiple continents / countless quest lines / dungeons / raids / pvp battlegrounds / ridiculous amounts of vanity items (mounts, toys, transmog) / in game holidays / disgusting amount of achievements/feats of strength.

Idk about you, but I can't think of another game that has that kind of content.  The only thing I would argue is Minecraft, but that's kinda cheating.
/r/iamveryamart 

I don't think you could have been more condescending.
You're completely right. Fox News has never, in the history of the universe, EVER expressed a racist tone or sentiment on any of their channels.

Ever.

/s 


Nintendo is honestly one of the most impressive and innovative companies out there. They have proven time and time again that they can do more with less. It's crazy, and why I will be a fanboy for life.  


Picked the wrong career, should have went into stand-up. 
I'd pay 500 to kiss Tina Fey...
You're literally lumping in a serial rapist who used drugs to incapacitate and then rape his helpless victims, to some fat bald loser who masturbated in front of women who could just easily walk out of the room. And he obtained consent before he ever started.

Jesus fucking Christ retarded as fuck.
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome.  It's a disorder which causes cysts to develop on a females ovaries, and really fucks with their hormones, usually causing an elevated level of androgens ( male hormones) in a females bloodstream.  Due to this, they usually have symptoms like weight gain, diabetes mellitus, irregular periods / difficulty conceiving, hair growth on the face and body, and many others.  It's pretty brutal to deal with. 

First line treatment is usually oral contraceptives ( they have estrogen / progesterone in them, helps counteract the excessive androgens) but treatment varies greatly from person to person.
/r/unexpectedhogwarts
/r/iamverysmart
Get off this subreddit then..
OP wrote above the average mcat was 518 and the average gpa was 3.8. 

That seems pretty standard for a top tier school like Columbia. I don't know what's so hard to believe.
Yeah that "dry cold" argument is bullshit. -25 is freaking cold, whether wet or dry.  Also Edmonton dips into the -40s..
Mean Girls reference?
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
I mean, that's the price you pay for living in Vancouver.  It's one of the nicest cities in one of the best countries you can live in, worldwide.  

Hence why so many foreigners make it their aim to move there and buy property.
Isn't this a theme song from House MD?
Sadly, I feel the fanbases for those shows are bigger/more influential than we are. :(
Le sigh.  Being America's hat is hard sometimes...
Usually if a program has mostly FMGs it means either a) the program sucks (Long hours / Poor opportunities  / understaffed hospitals /etc.) or b) the program might be OK, but it's in an undesirable area to live, like a rural town or a dangerous part of a city.

Regardless, going to Med school there is better than not getting an acceptance. Send in your applications and go through the process, assess your options at the end.  Even if you end up at a lower tier school, hard work with high USMLE scores /research /LORs / transcripts will allow you to get into a more competitive residency program, if you so desire. No one cares where you went to school after you match.
For now. Wait until net neutrality has truly been stripped away, each and every website will cost an extra "convenience fee" to be accessible.
The right is trying to limit internet access of the poor. Is that not limiting free speech, freedom of expression, and the freedom of knowledge? 

Or are you too fucking dense to think critically?
Ideal Savings is also offering 2.5 %
I mean, it shouldn't come as a surprise.  EM sees some of the worst parts of society (Child abuse/neglect, gunshot wounds, car accidents, stabbings, rapes).  Not to mention the personal blame that must occur when an ER doc fails to save someone.

I would find it incredibly hard not to become jaded and hate people seeing that shit day in and day out, my EM rotation in intern year was awful.  I have nothing but the highest respect for people who choose to do it.
> It doesn't help you lose weight despite its lower calorie count.

Again, you don't have any evidence to prove this point.  It has a lower calorie count, therefore, if all other variables are kept equal, you should lose weight.  You can't create calories out of thin air.

I don't drink Diet beverages myself, as I said before water is the best. Clearly diet beverages can fuck up things like your teeth and the bacteria in your gut.

But people like you who spread misinformation are just as irritating as corporate shills who claim their product is the best thing after sliced bread.
But you have absolutely 0 evidence to show that it "might" be better than regular soda...
Seriously it's like arguing with a brick wall.

There is NO WAY that consuming 1 diet soda a day with the exact same diet is WORSE for you then consuming the SAME diet with 1 regular soda.  
> And I didn't say that it is worse.

The very sentence I quoted you which began this entire discussion was you saying "Diet soda might be worse for you than regular soda."

Lol.
You have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.  The body cannot "make fat" out of a 0 calorie drink.  The worst thing diet soda can do to you is tooth decay, which, surprise surprise, regular soda does too!

https://examine.com/nutrition/is-diet-soda-bad-for-you/
Lol.

Did you read your own sources? The first one says diet soda is as bad as regular sofa strictly for the purpose of tooth decay, which makes perfect sense. Both diet soda and normal soda are acidic, break down enamel and cause decay.

The second article explicitly says that after the scientist controlled both populations of his study (diet soda vs regular soda) for pre existing obesity, the link between diet soda causing type 2 DM vanished.
Diet soda is not great. But it is miles better than drinking normal soda.  

Water is obviously still the best, but saying diet soda is worse for you than regular soda is just wrong.
"Might be worse for you than regular soda."
Yeah that's total bs. Citation needed.
It also has a garbage camera, no headphone jack, and sold less than 50k units despite a massive price drop. That phone was over hyped and a colossal failure considering it's anticipated sales.
Does the echo cost 350 dollars and advertise extremely high end audio? The jack is for audio in. Jesus fucking Christ.
"What handicapped"

I don't know if you're trolling or serious, but I'll take the bait. The homepod cannot directly play any music that isn't apple music without using Airdrop. Using Airdrop limits how you can use the voice controls to control the music player, one of the main reasons to get a smart speaker in the first place. You are also only limited to using Siri, which in and of itself is a huge handicap which I won't get into. ( Alexa and Assistant are miles ahead of Siri.)

Lastly, the fucking "high quality audio" smartspeaker doesn't even have a headphone jack.  I won't deny it is capable of some amazing sound, but not having a jack  In a SPEAKER which costs 330+ is absurd.

This is all coming from an iPhone 8+ user, so I'm not some insane Apple hater. I just believe ( and many other people share my opinion) that the Homepod is only for you if you have all Apple devices, use Apple music, and are firmly entrenched in the Apple ecosystem.

Edit: Meant Airplay, not Airdop
Definitely not. It's made for people already entrenched in the apple ecosystem. You don't have to take my word for it, listen to any tech review of it on YouTube.(MKBHD / Unbox therapy / Supersaf etc)
You're the best.
The game is great. Just don't think of it as a "Final Fantasy". On its own it's a phenomenal game, it just lacks the storyline depth of other titles. Still fun as hell one one of the (if not the best) combat and general gameplay in the series.
No true Scotsman.
It's a joke, not a dick. Don't take it so hard.
NAFTA hurt America? Wtf are you smoking? 

Citation needed.
Anyone who can "respect" Trump is a fucking moron. The guy is a known perpetrator of sexual assault and wants to fuck his own daughter. You respect that? 
They had Bernie Sanders. The DNC fucked him though. 
Neither of those come close to the travesty that is Trump. Though I would argue that the fact that Trump is POTUS is a shitty reason to leave the USA.
God bless you.
Just fuck off.
Power engineering in Northern Alberta starts at 110k and goes all the way up to 250k with a two year diploma.  But you have to live in Northern Alberta... Lol
Happy birthday!
Sirens were a league of legends team. Lol.
Lol what a joke. Diamond is legitimately the top 1% of the ranked ladder. 
How do I get access to the promo?
The fact that you think him trying to cut net neutrality in a country where ISPs have oligopolies and rape the average citizen for every last cent they possibly can, makes me question either your ethics or intelligence. This is not a democrat vs republican issue. This is a right vs wrong. If you're against net neutrality, you're in the wrong.
Hey bud, there's bad apples in every country, including ours. No need to apologize for them. I know plenty of amazing Americans. :)
Just another stranger on the Internet. Healthy diet and regular exercise would be number one.  After that you can get 5 htp  ( 5- hydroxytryptophan, a precursor of serotonin, a feel good neurotransmitter) relatively cheap, over the counter from most drug stores.

If those fail, I'd strongly recommend professional help in the form of a psychologist / psychiatrist.  I'm a resident doctor myself and I see a therapist once a month just to unload all my thoughts and emotions, it helps with a lot. Best of luck with everything. Mental illness is no joke. 
Classic Schmosby.
Mothafuckas act like they forgot about DRE. 

( I wonder if he knows his name is an acronym for sticking a finger in the pooper?)
Seems like the Fire Emblem series would be a good match for you if you have a 3DS.
Better story than X? Wow. I'm legit shocked, I liked 12 but X is one of my all time greats.
LeBron is quite literally one of the greatest players to ever grace the game.  It's kind of unfair to compare to him, Kawhi is pretty fucking amazing in his own right, though he seems to be having problems with injuries.
That piece was powerful. Thank you for sharing.
Thank you!
Where can I watch the movie/anime series?  Is it on netflix?
Yeah. and if I ever want to watch YouTube videos on the iPhone X, I literally lose content if I try to watch using the whole screen.

https://mashable.com/2017/11/07/apps-look-great-on-iphone-x/#lKwefrx3Hsqy

See how the notch cuts into the video?  It's disgusting that a 1k USD phone has this kind of problem.  Better off to just have a black bar at the top so this shit doesn't happen, and they can still house all of the sensors.  And I say this as a current iPhone 8 Plus user.
The definition of a one-sided relationship; giving everything and getting nothing in return. :(
Pretty rich coming from someone who elected  a reality TV star as their POTUS.
YMMV per program, but at my program (Neurology)
the PD asks each of us what we thought about each applicant at the dinner the night before.  He typically takes our opinions about everyone very seriously and candidates have been removed from his ROL because they didn't gel with some of them.

It's important to be outgoing and sociable whenever you're interacting with people from the program!  You never know who has what kind of pull.
I'm a Punjabi born in Canada, my dad immigrated here before I was born because his cousin sponsored him way back in the 80s.
You're a fucking idiot.
iPhone user for over 4 years.  Used Siri twice, afterwards tried Google's Assistant.  

Never used Siri again.  Shit is straight garbage.  I love iOS though.  (Other than iOS 11, but it's slowly improving.)
Deep.  I definitely choose a "winner" and "loser" in arguments that I read on reddit.
Go to literally any other big city and you'll be treated great. Toronto /Vancouver / Calgary / Ottawa etc. French Canada is it's own little Island of rudeness and mean people.
Well, he is a black guy who is using Twitter, so yes.
I currently use an iPhone 7+ and I'm telling you iOS 11 is the worst iteration of iOS I've ever had the misfortune of using. My next phone will definitely be android.
You must've missed the part where was describing "pain" which is a medical problem and thus would be ok under OP's original statement.  Reading comprehension man.
> Almost all circumcised men at infancy I talked to

Ah yes, anecdotal evidence, the best kind.  Hilarious that you think your personal experience is even remotely close to what the average male thinks.  
This is the dumbest shit I've ever heard.  You realize that the USA is the only first world nation in the world that routinely practices circumcision in the world?  This is an AMERICAN problem. 
Projecting much? You keep bringing up "emotion."If I ever so much as question Apple's quality or performance there is a legion of people just like you who rally to their side even if there is legitimate criticism. Who's really emotional?
Alright dude, you keep on believing that. 
ah my bad.
Ah, some random website with literally 0 credentials as opposed to the universal standard of IP67/IP68 water resistance testing and 
certification.

Apple fanboys never cease to amaze with their delusion and idiocy. 
> I think I’ve seen tests of that show iPhone waterproofing being better than Galaxy waterproofing.

LOL.  Citation needed, that sounds like absolute garbage.
Yeah, in the USA. In Norway like 60% of your earnings are taxed back to the country. ( Not that I'm saying that's a bad thing, but that's what happens in certain European countries.)
So actors and actresses going into politics is a fucking joke. She has no business anywhere near that. 
But comparing the rights of people in the fucking USA to the shit hole that is the middle east is just sad.

The government and people in power over there are literally the worst degenerates of planet Earth. Saying that "women have it so much better here" is like saying you're so much smarter than someone born with down syndrome.
I like how you mentioned Emilia Clark with Sam, instead of Kit Harington, one of the most ridiculously attractive men on television.  

Bias much?  Also Jason Segal is quite attractive and really tall.
Wow.  It's so obvious you're a troll and not a real Canadian.  Dude, subtlety is key.

Get off our sub and go back to td where you belong, with all of the other degenerates.
Holy shit, with the amount of Apple cock suckers there are out there, you'd think Tim Cook could fucking turn water into wine. Believe me dude, they're tracking your shit just like everyone else, whether they say it or not. 

There's no such thing as privacy on the Internet anymore.
Whenever read or hear about ignorant people who don't believe racism occurs, I always think to myself "Man, that is such garbage. Most people know racism is rampant and it's getting more attention every single day. It's easily seen and usually called out."

Then I read comments like yours and I realize why there is such a leftist leaning and liberal movement among the young people in America. The fact that you can't see the blatant racism from this woman speaks volumes as to your subpar intelligence and flawed thought process.  It's fucking pathetic.
Damn never expected to hear an Immortal Technique reference on this subreddit.  Does he still make music?  I was obsessed back in the day.
No. Dr. Phil has a PhD in PSYCHOLOGY. He is a psychologist. 

Psychiatrists went to medical school, have an MD, and then further specialize on psychiatry during residency training. They are doctors, and can prescribe psychiatric drugs. There is a major difference.
Nah man Harvard Law School is a joke. Any guy on TD is smarter than Obama herpaderp. /s
You are a fucking idiot man. Just stop.
You're a fucking idiot. Inserting objects into someone's ass isn't rape? These fucking football kids should be in jail. 
If this had been a woman it would be national news.
This is part of the beauty of the game to me.  There are many parallels within the game regarding religion; including when and how it can shape people's entire lives.

Yevon is all Wakka has ever known, his parents died when he was young, and the minute his brother left Yevon's teachings, he died in the Crusader's fight against Sin. (Using Machina, forbidden by Yevon)

Imagine an extremely devout priest whose brother left the Catholic church, to become an atheist.  Would there not be tension there?

Certainly thought-provoking, if nothing else.  The mark of a great game.

You also get a strength sphere for winning. +4 strength on Tidus /Auron /Wakka that early is pretty nice.
Who the fuck cares? Fuck Trump. The guys a piece of human garbage.
Ay you guys got an amazing engineering school from what I've heard. I think the crypto genius who made ethereum went to Waterloo?
Beautiful picture.
Lol. Heroes of the storm is an absolute joke. All the other games are amazingly polished and well done, though.
https://youtu.be/BkpAro4zIwU

I mean, if you do a simple search for the best smartphone assistants, a ton of YouTube reviews and website reviews come up. The majority of the credible ones say that assistant is very far ahead of the competition, with multiple points as to why, such as the integration with other apps, and ability to hold a conversation and refer back to earlier points. ( Ie what is the weather today. What will it be tomorrow. The day after?)

Anyone with a brain and isn't obviously biased knows Siri is absolute dogshit, and I'm an avid iPhone user.


What a joke. Where are these "tests" you speak of? 

Google assistant is by far the best smart assistant out there, it's extremely noticeable even when only using each for about 10 mins.

Well, Islam is responsible for a great deal of tragedy.  Even if the media makes it seem worse than it is, it's still pretty awful.  

Anyone who is radically religious in ANY faith is absolute garbage.
Pretty sure people get shot in the USA for trespassing on property that "isn't inhabited". 
The law favors the landowner, not the ignorant trespassers. 

Wow. Its like you never played WoD or saw how basically every single Orc in that expansion was a gigantic piece of trash. Especially Grom and Garrosh Hellscream.
Oh fuck you. Go back to td where you belong.
All of those countries have a higher average standard of living that the USA. While I agree feminism is crazy, that's a poor argument.
Reading your comment chain is hilarious. You sound like one of those amazing people who lack self awareness and think they're much more intelligent that they actually are.
Congratulations Jack, you are a major reason why I am a C9 fan for life.
Yeah, it felt like cheating.  By the time I managed to get him his key techniques and subsequently, Jecht Shot 2, I never really needed to use it.  
Kind of anti-climactic.
Alternatively 

1) Get Jecht Shot 
2) Laugh as Tidus can literally take on their entire team + goalie and still score. Bonus points if you let him acquire tackle slip 2.
Thank you! Time to bamboozle dome friends.
Wait really? I wanna try this now.
You have a gift.
"Siri isn't awful, it's just bad in comparison to all of its competitors."


100% agree. You're being downvoted by deluded Apple fanboys who can't realize Siri is garbage compared to Assistant and Alexa. 
What a joke. There's no way in hell this sounds better than the 5.1
Google Oprah Jenny McCarthy interview.  She has indirectly caused the birth of a terrible movement that killed many people.
Holy shit people like you exist.  

I cannot believe how stupid you have to be to believe someone with absolutely 0 political experience would be a great POTUS after having just elected one of the most incompetent morons that has ever been in the oval office, who also had 0 political experience.


We can't all be rich NBC executives, Jack.
God bless Tina Fey.
+1 for the Jaybird X3's, I got them on Amazon for 89.99 during Christmas (Canada) and am extremely pleased; decent sound quality, 8 hrs battery life, and they stay in my ears while I run/lift.  They also come with a variety of ear tips / fins to customize the fit to your ear. 

Couldn't really ask for much more at that price point.
You're so stupid. I hate trump more than anyone, and he's definitely done much worse than Oprah, but Oprah still garbage. She is largely responsible for Dr. Phil / Dr. Oz and all the bs shit they peddle, as well as giving huge viewership to Jenny McCarthy and helping birth the anti vaxxer movement.   

She's indirectly killed plenty of people.
Please stop spreading garbage. You have no idea what you're talking about.
"Using Siri." And I'm the clueless fanboy. Siri is a fucking joke.

How can I be a google fanboy if I have an iPhone 7? Wouldn't I want the pixel instead?  

Apple fans are the worst.. Google maps is used by way more people than apple maps.  It's also much more accurate.
Anyone using Apple Maps over Google maps voluntarily, deserves whatever garbage they get. 

I love iOS but Google has them handily beat in terms for a superior navigation application, in almost every way possible.
Dr. Spaceman had some amazing lines.

"Science is whatever we want it to be!"
Jesus woman you are fucking  phenomenal.
Without telling anyone. It's shady as fuck, and that's why they're offering this shit. 
You must be joking. Childcare is ridiculously expensive.
Have you never heard of net neutrality? Or are you just a troll. Trump is trying to kill the Internet you use every fucking day.
TIL there are two versions of 30 Rock. I must watch all of them!
32 hour surgery.. I'm cranky, obnoxious, and useless after a 24 hour call shift.

These two surgeons are real life heroes.
Are you fucking kidding me? Don't blame the officer for shooting someone who posed no threat to him?

Jfc your stupidity is astounding.
Thank you so much, OP. Stories like this really make the process seem a little less brutal and a little more worth it. I wish you all the best.
I've seen way uglier guys pull hotter girls, and vice versa.  Go outside sometime, dude.. 
This comment nerds to be guilded, framed, and made love to, so it can have lots of beautiful little comments just like it.

Fuck Apple.
Courage!
I mean you didn't really refute the point, you just insulted his train of thought and said he was wrong. As a third party, I'd have to side with the Lebron lover over the "NO YOU'RE JUST WRONG" guy.
Preach. There's plenty of hate for all hobbies! 
I started watching 30 Rock, and have absolutely fallen in love with Ms. Fey.  If only I was rich, charming, and successful and she wasn't married...
That will likely change with treble. If a phone supports treble it will likely get updates fairly regularly.
Agreed. But when you're complimenting them, it's all in the word choice + tone. If you can nail both, your words will come across as sincere and considerate.
Congrats man, very motivating stuff.  Keep up the great work.
Why are you here?
/r/skincareaddiction
What a ridiculously attractive couple.
This community is the best.
I mean I don't particularly like him,but his last album and last few songs were all really good and top hits worldwide... And the last one was in October lol.  Calling him irrelevant is just straight up wrong.
Well considering they're some of the richest, biggest and most successful tech companies ever, they'd probably just buyout politicians the way comcast is doing and hire the best legal team possible. 
Interesting that you just jump to Google instead of trying to refute the earlier point. Google removed it to follow the trend, and at least they have the courtesy of using USB type C, instead of proprietary lightning bs.
You're an idiot. Apple removed the jack because they acquired BEATS, and subsequently released AIRPODS. They are pushing Bluetooth so they can make more money with wireless Bluetooth earbuds. That is the only reason they removed it. Anything else you say, or any "courage" they claim, is just bs.  
Look into the Oneplus 5T. It's honestly an amazing phone and widely touted as one of the best bang for your buck phones on the market right now. At 479 usd it can hang with most flagships, and is just all around spectacular. 
I really hope you're trolling. If you actually believe the shit you're typing, no one can save you.  Just please don't procreate, stay "pure" and don't have children, you degenerate.
Anyone who supports or defends Linda sarsour directly pushes propaganda and hate.
This guy in particular might be a bit... Questionable. However residency is some of the biggest bs I've ever had to go through. 
I'm in my second year and I literally made more money, worked less hours, had more respect, and nicer people to work for in a part time construction job I worked during med school.

That's just fucking pathetic.
Ah makes sense. Caribbean schools can then squeeze out an extra years worth of tuition out of you. What a scam.
What is a MERP program? I've never even heard of it.
I would agree with that statement up until iOS 11.  iOS 11 is one of the worst updates Apple has put out and makes me hate my iPhone.  

If it doesn't improve within the next few months def will be switching back to Android again.
Your source proves you wrong lol.
I mean you missed Vancouver.. My favourite city in da Norf.
Hi. I tried using the assistant but it wasn't help for my use case. Looking for help with suggestions!

I workout 5-6 times a week, and do a lot of cardio / HIIT training. I need wireless Bluetooth IEMs that are sturdy / high quality design, and provide a perfect fit so that shit doesn't fall out of my ears when running. 
Music quality is a bonus, I'm not an audiophile by any means, I just need it to sound competent and loud. Battery life also another positive but at this point it would just be icing on the cake.


Preferably around the 100 usd amount, but if it's highly recommended I'd go to 200 usd.

Thanks on advance!
All of the violence is concentrated on the south side, which is a bit further south than Hyde Park. The UChicago is relatively safe and has security all around the perimeter. Also downtown Chicago is very safe and super nice, I highly suggest that you check it out for yourself. 

Just stay away from the south side.
If you're trying to imply there was absolutely no way Apple could fit a headphone jack in their phones, you're either extremely stupid or extremely naive. 

The headphone jack was only removed for them to push Bluetooth.  Coincidentally ( and I say this with heavy sarcasm) they acquired BEATS. A COMPANY WHICH MAKES WIRELESS BLUETOOTH HEADPHONES. THEN THEY RELEASED AIRPODS!?!??!? CRAZY!?!

Seriously though they only removed it to pad their wallet. Any bullshit you come up with, or they come up with, is just a straight up lie.
If that was possible, it would have happened already. I don't know if you're a shill or not. But in the unlikely chance that you're misinformed, think of this. GOOGLE, of all companies tried to compete with comcast and time Warner and Verizon. They were met with so much bullshitted bureaucracy and red tape, they abandoned their attempts to bring affordable fiber to America. Fucking GOOGLE.  It only exists In a select few cities. 

If you're against net neutrality, you shouldn't be on Reddit. If net neutrality is lost ISPs can start to make you pay for it.
In a lot of areas, ISPs have a monopoly or oligopoly, meaning there are no other choices. Smaller ISPs are usually strangled out of the business.
You have no idea what you're talking about. Go educate yourself and come back to talk when you're not another ignoramus / troll.
If you're against NN you're the fucking problem.
If you're against net neutrality at this point, get the fuck off of Reddit.
If I was a woman and said that, and a man told me to stop being emotional and take a deep breath, people would go apeshit.
The hippocracy is real.
Fuck off. This kind of thinking is why more and more people hate feminism. This shit is just poorly disguised misandry, and it's fucking disgusting. 
Hey, at least you got beautiful women and kangaroos?
I visited Minneapolis last year, beautiful city.  I felt at home there, I feel like Minnesota is more Canadian than American.
iOS 11 is one of the worst things Apple has ever put out.  It makes me very sad.  
Really? Thank you very much, I'll look into it.
I mean, that falls right in line with his personality. Serious problems occurring? Quick, condemn NFL players peacefully protesting!
At this point, anyone who is against NN is either fucking retarded or getting mad money from the telecoms.
I mean I don't agree with the scarf ace at all, I think the USA has a very fair immigration system based on merit. But you can't expect Canada, which has 1/10 your  population, to take on the same amount of burden. Our entire population is equal to the state of California, more or less.
IOS 11 has been the worst iteration of iOS in recent history. I wish I could go back to 10.3, 11.1 makes me hate my iPhone.
God bless you.
Definitely an underrated fantasy. What I would give for a scrubs movie...
Best cinematic of all time.  Arthas GOAT villain too.
Listen to my story...this may be our last chance.
Anyone have any ideas/ thoughts about small tech related gifts to give other techies for secret Santa?
You heathen.  Everyone knows Space Grey is da bes.
There's also the new razer phone. Looks fucking amazing on paper, don't know if people want to bite the bullet on a company's first smart phone though.
Actually, Google has Pixel Buds, their answer to the Apple Airpods..
USMLE Step1 and Step2 CK were some of the worst periods of my adult life.  Fuck those exams.
I mean I don't really believe the video, but OP doesn't really produce a convincing argument, either.
Then you should check out /r/budgetaudiophile or /r/audiophile
Cuz she's objectively worse than using Google Assistant. By a fucking mile.
If you really care about audio quality, you wouldnt be looking anywhere near apple. You'd be looking at dedicated audio companies with years of experience..
Good joke. You actually think these speakers are worth 350 from an audiophiles point of view? You don't think I could get better quality sound speakers from another company at an equal or lower price?

Please tell me you're trolling, cuz that would be fucking delusional.
You're a fucking idiot. If a white man complained about racist hijab wearing brown people he would be immediately ostracized and accused of being a Nazi.  
There are plenty of people, women and men, hired in various industries to meet diversity quotas...
Fast charge is much slower than dash charge, it's Oneplus' hallmark.
It's deliberately misleading. Especially when you try to watch videos or other media. The notch cuts into your video, destroys any semblance of "immersion". If you double tap to remove the notch it creates artificial bezels cutting into the media even more, now you have screen size comparable to the iPhone 8 for a 1k phone. It's sad.
It is the greatest irony.  Thorne hated Jon because he assumed he was Ned Starks son, and Ned had helped bring down the Targaryens, thus sending Thorne to the Night's Watch. Thorne didn't know that Jon was actually his princes nephew..and treated one of the last Targaryens like dirt.
What college, if I might ask? 
How fucking pathetic is it that Apple literally created one of the most (if not THE most?) expensive flagship smartphone, and they can't support it with stable software?  What the fuck kind of joke is that?

1k USD to have suboptimal performance is inexcusable, they should have perfected iOS 11 before replacing 10.3 with it.
I would still argue that while I love iOS, the notifications system on iOS is fucking garbage.  

The android notifications is pretty perfect and I wish Apple would just copy it.
Supersaf did a great one on it.  
So did EverythingApplePro.

Google is your friend.  Real world usage, Note 8 hands down.

That being said, I love iOS and just hope apple fixes their shit soon.
I mean he could argue the same thing, you seem pretty defensive over a pretty good argument.

If I'm watching any kind of video on the X, the notch ruins it. So then I double tap the screen to hide the ugly ass design flaw. Now I have huge bezels around the video, and a screen size comparable to an iPhone 8 for media content. 

The argument is sound. I'm waiting for next generation when they get the design right.
Now's the time to be a pirate.. if any game dev deserves it, it's EA.
Pale people need to protect themselves even MORE than darker skinned people because they have less melanin to protect themselves from UV rays.

Also your comment is rude af and they're a beautiful couple...
I mean all the girls JD got with were smoking hot.. Gift shop girl, prescription drug addict, Molly Clock, Elliot, Julie, that black chick who's bf had an STI, Jordan, that hot bitch lawyer chick. The guy had GAME.
I would love it if the Reddit piracy community made it a personal vendetta to break whatever DRM there Is on Star wars and the DLC and release it all. It'd be legendary.
Both you and the guy above you never responded to my original point? iOS notifications are currently a joke. I don't care if it's hard to program or code, Apple is the most successful and valuable company in the world, worth literally hundreds of millions of dollars.  If they can't afford to make their exclusive OS perfect, why the fuck can android, widely thought of as the "poor discounted OS?" 
Kinda doesn't check out to me cuz Charlie got with so many hotties on that show..
Regardless if you dont find the choices useful or not,more choices is always better than no choicea. iOS notifications are a fucking joke. 
Bluetooth audio is complete garbage. You pay way more money for shittier sound quality as well as have earphones that last around 6 hrs (on average) per charge.   That's absolutely abysmal. Not to mention being unable to use aux cables in older cars. 

Not having a 3.5 is one of the worst design choices in modern phones. It's one of the main reasons I'm looking to upgrade to the op5t.
Was that show not profitable? I loved it, was really sad when it stopped airing.
> while the X has nearly double the performance benchmarks

Source?
I mean I can..Kylie was fine but holy shit Dr. Molly Clock was so fing sexy.. I wish I had as much game as JD...
As I said earlier, I use an iPhone 6s+. Illiterate iSheep.
I use an iPhone 6s + you fucking moron. I'm not a bot or do I mindlessly suck the corporate dick of either side. Like a proper consumer, you should critically analyze what companies do right, and what they do wrong.

"No worries with headphone jack, we got airpods." 
Airpods can be used with any fucking phone you fucking idiot. They work with Bluetooth. So phones with jacks use them just as well, you just lose options.

"Battery no issue." I can find better batteries in 100 dollar phones. No issue? 

"Notch is powerful kinect style face scanner." 
This is hilarious. Kinect is not being there bundled with x box anymore due to being a colossal failure. Xbox itself is a huge failure, it sold far less units than the ps4 and the switch will soon outsell it despite releasing much later.  It was a trash console, with a trash mandatory Kinect, and now you think that accessory in your "Notch" is a good thing? Why not just have an entire bezel at the top of the phone and not ruin all your video and media content? 

Again, forcing people to use FaceID when. TouchID has been perfected over multiple years, also face ID doesn't work in bright sunlight or if your phone is too far, off angle. It's annoying.

Keep sucking apple off tho. They love it.


And that ugly ass notch.
OK, so maybe the screen Is a bit better than the note. It uses almost twice the battery power for a marginal increase in quality, and a good increase in brightness (around 200nits).  None of that is worth the loss of so many features and a 2690 mAh battery.
Best in class OLED? The note 8 has the best in class oled.. It's a fucking Samsung screen. Dual camera system with OIS? Google has a higher quality camera with one lens due to markedly better post processing and computing software. 

The only legitimate point you have is depth mapping tech, which I agree is phenomenal but it's also something no one asked for. The s8 has a high quality retina scanner and still has everything else I mentioned.  It's OK to ask more of Apple, they're  only the richest company in the fucking world.  The X is rampant with design flaws and is the most expensive flagship to date.
Jesus you iSheep are insufferable. In the iPhone X, Apple removed the fingerprint scanner / touch ID, removed the headphone jack, put a fucking 2690 mAh battery in, and has a fucking ugly ass notch in their Samsung display, for the low low price of 1k usd.  Apple is literally fucking it's fanbase anally and you guys just take it smiling. It's fucking hilarious.
Why does it matter? Because apple is removing features with iphone, and still not providing the largest battery, or the most immersive experience they can. In the iPhone X, they've removed TouchID, the headphone jack, have an extremely unsightly notch which RUINS any type of video content, and have a 2690mAh battery. For the low, low price of 1k, the highest ever in a smart phone. 

If Apple really wants to remove all those other features, they should at least push battery life to the limits, seeing as they freed up all the other "space" in their phone.  We could have potentially had MUCH longer battery life in the iPhone than other devices.

But because iSheep will literally buy anything they push, they have stopped innovation and improvement and just push whatever shit they come up with, to drive profit margins, and screw the consumer.  Steve Jobs must be rolling in his fucking grave.
Oh. I misunderstood. I'm sorry.
Any chance you remember the season / episode? I love south Park.
Anyone have an idea on the specs of this bad boy? I'm looking to switch over from my 6s+ cuz I don't want to give up my headphone jack...
He's even more wrong about that.. Lol. Wireless Bluetooth is trash, worse audio quality, more expensive, they around 6 hrs with a full charge, and Bluetooth pairing is annoying changing between devices, not to mention car aux ports in cars that don't have Bluetooth.  Wireless headphones are trash and anyone who thinks they are superior in every way is just plain fucking retarded.
Unless you have a legitimate source apple has real stats on headphone jack usage in its phones, you can stop spreading garbage.
People like you make me sad inside. You buy into corporate propaganda and bs and parrot it like you're informed when you're ignorant as fuck.  I'd love to see the "tests" you did where your fucking dongle gives you better quality than a builtnin dac. What a fucking joke. Paid shill?
Are you really giving credit to apple for using WIFI AND BLUETOOTH? 3g 4g and lte are all done by satellites, it's either use them or have no fucking  Internet connection.
 holy fuck apple fanboys are fucking retarded.  People like you make me want to distance myself from the apple products I already have.
God bless you.
"Competes on market share" lol.  Android dominates iOS in terms of market share. Inferior os is also subjective. I love Apple, but let's not be deluded fanboys.
I meant it's a downgrade in the way that it doesn't have touchID available. It would have been possible to put a sensor on the back or on the power button or anywhere else.. They chose not to include it. Not having it as opposed to having it is a straight downgrade.  I shouldn't have to compromise with a loss of features on a 1k device.  
Your point is arguable, but for simplicity sake I can say that face ID is fine, NOT having touch ID available at all is not.  

MKBHD 's own review said it will be a few years before FaceID is at the level of touch ID, take that for what you will.
Yes yes, tell me when someone murders your son, flesh and blood, that you will honor a truce with people you've been fighting your entire life. Her imprisoning angels is just icing on the cake.
Didn't she fuck over his son or something. 
Lol. Touch ID has had years to perfect itself. Apple's touchID is basically the gold standard in cellphone fingerprint scanners. Obviously Face ID is going to be inferior in comparison. Not including a fingerprint sensor (just like not including a headphone jack!) is just a straight downgrade, no matter how you look at it.
True that. Touchwiz and Samsungs garbage bloatware is the biggest problem with their phone line, I feel like if they just ran stock android and let us remap the bixby button, the s8 would be close to perfect.
Plenty of phenomenal physicians have no understanding of biochemistry at all. I'm PGY -2 and don't really remember anything about biochemistry...
Then it would have expected been an instant buy for me. Add a headphone jack and I'm in heaven.
People who usually bitch about leeches are leeches themselves.
Apple supports their phones for 4+ years.  Hopefully google will do the same with their pixel lineup.
I feel like if the s8+ or s8note just ran stock android and let me remap the bixby button, it'd be close to perfect. I can deal with the fingerprint scanner location.
God bless. Fuck Bluetooth headphones that last six hours. That shit is trash.
They're pushing Bluetooth. How many people bought airpods because apple forced them to use Bluetooth or dongle? I'm guessing a fuckton.
The v30 seems the perfect phone on paper. I'm still waiting to see if I should buy one, I've been burned by LG 's bootlooping in the past.. But I'm willing to give them another shot.
I'm not trying to be argumentative, but the battery in the X is 2690 mah, which is really shitty for a 2017 phone. The extra two hours comes from their exquisite a11 processor, which is both faster and more power efficient.  Apple always fucks it's customers with the battery in phones.
This has gotta be a masterful troll.
You should write for a sitcom.
Fuck you. Both incidents are awful and you're hung up on him attacking Islamic extremists? You're the worst kind of garbage.
Lol apple fanboys are hilarious. He's one of the best and most popular reviewers on the Internet, and he doesn't "deserve it?" Get over yourself dude.
I'm a huge apple fan and I hate the notch. Are we not allowed to criticize shitty design choices now?
I like android and apple both for different reasons, but the apple a11 processor absolutely destroys any android processor (or snapdragon processor I guess) for the foreseeable future.  Wayyyyy better than the  snapdragon 835 that's in the s8.
I've been hearing this bullshit about landmass for far too long.  You realize that taxpayers gave telecommunications companies 2 billion dollars for affordable fiber? It's a fucking disgrace.  Google tried to roll out affordable fiber and it was met with roadblocks every step of the way.
Uhh Idk about your experience but most non Canadians are more familiar with Vancouver than Montreal that I've met...
Yeah when the Fk is the pc version releasing on steam?
Fair enough. 
Lol. Idk what kind of fairy tale land you live in, but my friends (who are second and third year residents) as well as my attending treat Med Students like this all the time.  It happens but it's kinda like "meh" what can you do? 
Kind of like how as a resident I make less than I did doing general labor. It's just an accepted atrocity.
New ones are glass though.
I think of the three megas ( 4 I guess since charizard have two mega forms) mega venusaur was the best competitively.. Thick fat is so fucking good on venusaur, I think he's only weak to psychic, flying, and bug? If memory serves. hella bulky and can stall for days. Made me real sad cuz I love blastoise but his mega form sucks dick.
Link please!
I'm having trouble placing this quote.. Help please!
Physicians are facing increasing strains to provide better healthcare at a cheaper cost. Operating on smokers and overweight people increase the possibility of surgical and post surgical complications (ie "worse" healthcare). 

Therefore to minimize the amount of complications they will only operate on people who are not smokers or morbidly obese. Not sure what's tripping you up here. A BMI below 35 is not a difficult target.
God bless you.
You're a fucking idiot. His feet were planted, therefore it was legal.
This x100000.  Just play the game and use the units you personally like. I obsessed over making the perfect child units and it really sucks the fun out.
Shapiro isn't racist at all.. You seem to be another part of the "tolerant left".
Well that's what I meant. Obviously a seasoned NP with lots of experience is worth more than a freshly minted doc.  Don't be dense.
Lol. I find it hard to believe any specialized NP is worth more than a specialized physician in the same field, with comparable experience.  Get over yourself.  

Either a) you have no idea how hard the USMLEs are, or b) you have no idea how difficult and gruelling residency is.

Does anyone know why she beat him up? Did he insult her or something.
He was never convicted. She could just easily be some bitch who wanted a payout.  Accusations aren't truth, for some reason people keep forgetting our legal system is built on "Innocent until proven guilty."
He was never convicted. She could just easily be some bitch who wanted a payout.  Accusations aren't truth, for some reason people keep forgetting our legal system is built on "Innocent until proven guilty."
Yes, and the USA is the only developed country in the world who practices circumcision on such a wide scale for non religious reasons. Stop, think for a moment, and possibly consider the notion why no one else is keen on the mutilation of fucking babies just born. It's sickening.
Wtf kind of argument is this.. You leave it up to the expertise of your pediatrician. They can tell the difference between a serious condition where circumcision would be preferable to no intervention. A fucking blemish isn't something to remove a foreskin over.
America is the only developed country in the world where circumcision is still a widely used practice. Even in developing countries it isn't as prevalent as it is here. You seem biased toward it for no apparent reason other than a slightly lower HIV transmission rate, which is already ridiculously low. Normal penis in vagina Sex has less than 1% transmission rate of HIV. Now if you use a condom, or the HIV patient is on HAART therapy, the risk is almost non existent.

Losing anywhere from 1%-99% of nerve endings, regardless of the number, is genital mutilation. If you can't see that, I don't think there's much else to discuss.
Well, it's pretty fucking dumb that an NP is making comparable money to a physician. Every mother fucker wants to be a doctor but ain't no one wanna take the USMLEs.
Holy shit. I cannot believe you actually believe what you're saying and are either a delusional fanboy York a troll.

Apple airpods sound better than Studio monitors.
Lol.
Name one? With proof / citations.
Jesus Christ Apple fanboys are hilarious. The notch is a design flaw, simple as that. You saying "I CHOOSE TO TO BELIEVE THAT IT'S GREAT!!! STOP BEING NEGATIVE " is fucking retarded. It's a 1k USD phone. I shouldn't have to compromise on anything, instead I have a notched screen, no touch ID, no headphone jack, and some shitty 2600mah battery. Give me a break dude.  
6S+ till it dies.
Yes yes, the cheap phone which shares a screen with the "best iPhone ever made."
Relevant? I'd argue WoW is the most popular mmo in the western world today..
Jesus Christ you are hostile.
Holy shit, whenever I start thinking that people are generally pretty good, one of you idiots always brings me back down to Earth and reminds me that there's so much trash.
TSM Leena
https://www.instagram.com/leena_xu/?hl=en

Regis a lucky guy.

Truer words have never been spoken.
Jesus Christ apple fanboy to the max. Watching you reply and fight with people on this thread is half sad, half amusing. You have no idea how deluded you are.
I mean I never went to a private school. I went to a Canadian med school which costs nothing compared to usa. Just have friends who were accepted across the border and are now in insane debt. 

Really though, after residency it won't be very difficult to pay it off, the salary bump is huge.  It's just extremely stressful while you're still in school / residency training.
The epitome of risk / reward.
They don't call it Hongcouver for nothing. I was on the UBC campus last year and saw 18-20 yr old Chinese kids there driving Ferraris. Shit is ridiculous.
Anyone who goes to a private medical school in the USA can easily rack up 300k in student loan debt.
Yeah this is straight garbage.  Healthcare and medical schools are female dominated. 

Actually, the majority of higher education has a female majority. Other than trades and engineering /technology related fields.
True that. Need some 260s to match into derm.
Yes, a redditor made a thread saying exactly what you usually said hours after the keynote, with a picture as well.

How fucking pathetic is it that with all their money/ engineers / designers, redditors can improve upon it? 

It doesn't have the polish an Apple product should have. And it's def not worth 1k.

Also, just because they can fix the notch.. Doesn't mean they actually will. Maybe they think it's another "courageous feature..."
They still have the best cellphone screen on the market.  Hell the iPhone X is just using Samsung oled screens...
? You don't need to hold it.  There are plenty of YouTube video reviews and apples own keynote showed exactly how the notch appears and works. 

It is singlehandedly one of the worst design flaws I've ever seen in an Apple product...well maybe the headphone jack loss can make a solid argument.
Yeah besides the fact that a notch will ruin all the media you will ever watch.. 
God you are a pathetic piece of garbage.
Ah so now I drop 1k on the flagship and I pay extra for peripherals that I wouldn't need on older phones.
Excellent idea!
/s
That's some garbage logic. "Let me inconvenience myself and buy extra dongles /adopters because google and apple didn't want to put a headphone jack In a premium, expensive, flagship phone "

Flagships are around 1k usd. When I'm paying that much I shouldn't have to compromise on ANYTHING. 
How much of an idiot are you? Self defence is bad ass? Jesus fucking Christ.
I'd argue Antifa are murderous, hateful pieces of garbage. Maybe not as bad as the KKK, but still human trash.
God bless you. I hope you have a long, happy, and successful life.
That was beautiful. You have a way with words.
There is no reason to get rid of the headphone jack. You can have one and still use wireless Bluetooth if you so choose. It's just phone companies screwing their consumers without providing viable alternatives.

I'm so salty about the loss of them..all high end audio still uses the 3.5, as does my car aux.
I hope you're joking. 
Wireless needs to be improved, so we're going to screw all of our customers into either using our fragile, pathetic dongle, or Bluetooth headphones.

Wow.  I can now see how Apple continuously manages to screw you guys and you eat it up.
No headphone jack, No touch ID, and a 2690 mah battery in a 1k usd phone coming up soon, and it's got your name on it. Also a notch to cut into all your media use!. But wait, there's more!
Did I mention that it's 64gb base model?
Yes, I, the consumer, should drop 450 on headphones because they can't implement a basic feature in a phone, forcing me to use some garbage dongle that I can lose or break.

What kind of garbage logic is that? 
There's absolutely 0 reason to ditch the  3.5mm other than "we want to fuck our users."
Bluetooth headphones are garbage. Not having a headphone jack is a huge negative for me, 

I'm seriously considering switching to android because of it when my 6s+ dies.
Sounds like you're mad jealous of the lady on the bottom. You always know when a bitch is jealous cuz they insult beautiful women, calling them sluts or whores or claiming  they starve themselves. It's kind of sad.
This looks amazing. Thank you :)
So they'll fly to London to play a game, but they won't come to Toronto or Vancouver? What about us Canadians :(
You may think that, and you're entitled to your opinion. However having the choice to change the UI is a huge positive many people want in a smart phone.

Apple doesn't offer that choice. Which is sad.. If they offered even a little more customizability in their iOS, they could dominate the market even more than they already do.
Wow woa with a few condos from Vancouver we could build two arenas!

Seriously though Idk how the fuck anyone survives living in  downtown Van.
Yes, that's true. And it's pretty common knowledge that most apps on the iOS store are better programmed / coded than those on the android store. It is much easier to program a phone application or an os when the hardware is similar and standardized across multiple phones. Likewise it is a nightmare for Android programmers to code apps which are compatible with the huge amount of phones under the Android umbrella.  

iOS as a whole "just works" a hell of a lot better than android. It appeals to the wider base of people who just want shit to work, and work well. 

Android is better for the technologically savvy who will actually take advantage of things like rooting your phone, custom roms, and other cutomizability available on that os.  Unfortunately, that doesn't equate to a majority of cell phone users.

Bottom line is, for 90% of people, they would have a better phone experience on Apple. Reddit users are typically not the target demographic.  Whether or not that better phone experience is worth the 1k usd, is up to the person. 

For people who can't / don't want to pay that much, or people who enjoy customizability, there's Android.
In Canada. Our dollar is much weaker than the usd, especially the past 3-4 yrs. We also tend to get fkd by electronics / tech products in addition to getting fucked On the exchange rate. In the US electronics are usually cheaper.
I mean that's just objectively false. The three fastest phone processors on the market are the a9, a10, and a11. Apple's processors destroy the snapdragon processors in android phones, the Apple 6s+ still has higher performance processor wise than the most cutting edge android phone.

That being said, Android has plenty of other positives. Performance just isn't one of them.
Any recommendations as to which firewall to use?
Any recommendations as to a specific brand / product? 
Lick was a ghost type move that was super effective against psychic.  It just sucked with a base power of 30 or something crappy.
Who cares? Fk their bullshit security practice. It's just an excuse to steal information.
He's not cynical.. He's completely right. If you can't understand that, you're being willfully ignorant.
There are plenty of apple apologists who also believe Apple can do no wrong.. I have a 6s+ and wanted to upgrade but I don't like anything they've made lately..
I own both of those items too. However I have a 6s+ and am.not an Apple apologist. If they do something shitty I won't support it. That's what a consumer should do.  Not make up garbage reasons why it's "OK" they removed the jack. It's not OK. There's no good reason for it. 

Other flagships have everything the iPhone has and a headphone jack..it's using a Samsung screen for fucks sake.
You're the greatest.  This phone is not worth it's price tag, though.
It's a meme, he said tree fiddy at the end, means everything what he just said was a troll.
How am I anti-Apple?  I use a fucking 6S+.  I can just realize when they make errors.

The iPhone X is a colossal shitshow.
 
 - No Touch ID (or fingerprint scanner)
 - No Headphone Jack
 - Shitty bezel design, as we've already seen, fucking Redditors
are doing a better job than the design we've seen.
 - 1k USD Pricetag

Somehow you're defending this design choice saying "It's okay the sides will be really black."

Are you fucking kidding? Who's the troll here.
I can't believe you can defend Apple on this design choice.
Apple fanboys never cease to amaze.
Yeah I don't believe that for a second. Citation needed. Naturopathy almost never crosses into real medicine.
Thankfully, the LGV30 Actually has a built in Dac, with a fucking 3.5 .... Someone finally got it right.
Lol. How could you ever get he idea that wireless Bluetooth would have better audio quality than a wired 3.5mm jack...

Apple really brainwashes it's followers. 
They REMOVED touch ID, headphone jack, and slapped a 1k USD price tag on the X. Somehow, it will still sell.
Pretty sure you're just speaking out your ass.  Citation?
OK man whatever you say.
> I have the s8, and when I pull it out of my pocket I can never tell which way is up because of it.

Lol.  I don't know how you can blame this on the phone and not your own ineptitude.

> Also the s8 creates black bars in almost everything I do, so its like having bezels anyway.

This is due to the 16:9 aspect ratio, and is currently being worked on by most of the big apps, including YouTube/FB/Twitter and most others.  The S8 has one of the, if not the BEST cell phone screens on the market currently.  Insulting it is hilarious.  

It has other obvious flaws, like the Bixby button, fingerprint sensor location, and Samsung's notorious bloatware, though.

OLED screens have been amazing for a while now, both in terms of brightness, color saturation, and resolution.  Idk wtf you're smoking.

Face ID has yet to be determined.  You don't even know if it's effective or not and you're already singing Apple's praises.  I wonder what that says about your opinion and biases.
Compare the S8 bezels to the X.. 
Idk how you can even argue this point.  The S8 almost seamlessly transitions into the sides.  The X clearly has side bezels.
I don't know, I'm pretty disappointed with Apple, all things considered.

I've been rocking a 6S+ since it released, and I absolutely adore the phone... however this new "iPhone X" has..

 - No headphone jack
 - No touch ID
 - Same 1900 mAh battery
 - Forces me to use Face ID (This may be good or bad, remaining hopeful.)
 - Thicker bezels instead of the true "bezel-less" screen (ie: S8)
 - Proprietary wireless charging that will likely cost out the ass, instead of just using the standard android has been 
    using a while.

And COSTS FUCKING 1k USD.. going up to 1200 USD for less features than previous iPhones had.
Like I love iPhones but this is just retarded.

Edit: As others have pointed out, it's possible I'm wrong about the wireless charging.  All the other points
still stand though.
What a crock of shit. "Less options is better than more options," Said no one ever. 
Lol everyone disagrees with you buddy, there's plenty wrong with this bs study.
Yeah, and then reddit would get hacked and all of our IDs would be out on the Web. What an awful idea.
Your comment just made me die laughing. That's for that. You're the best.
Lol. Can't tell if trolling. All high end audio uses a headphone jack.
Yes, and Floyd Mayweather is the epitome of "sportsmanship and professional conduct."
lol.  I think both sides are trash but that is such a garbage argument.
Are they really 40% off, or did you sneakily increase their price by 100% and then take 40% off of that price?
No they don't.  Despite them having great sound quality, it's another fucking thing I need to charge, not to mention how easy they are to lose.  
Can't tell if trolling.
Having to carry around an adapter is just one more thing in my pockets, that can potentially break. It's a garbage solution to a problem that shouldn't exist in the first place. I'm still rocking a 6s+ and unless the 8 is fucking phenomenal I'm going to get an s8 or pixel2 if it had a jack. Maybe even the LG.
LOL. Citation needed. Almost everyone I've ever met, including uber and lyft drivers, use google maps. I don't think I even know what apple maps looks like and I've been on iPhone for the past 3 yrs. Some people I know use Waze sometimes. 
Yes, you are the 1%.
No gigabit Ethernet is still a stupid design choice, lol. Not having a headphone jack is hilarious. Steve Jobs rolling in his grave at the travesty. Not to mention if they actually remove touch Id with the new phone after getting apple pay to work everywhere..
That video only talks about down syndrome. Like I said in the above comment, the are other congenital malformations and other types of chromosomal abnormalities that also increase in frequency, along with other causes of mental retardation, With increased maternal age. People only ever talk about down syndrome though. Not to mention the increased chance of birth complications in older women. It's an increased risk of things going bad, quoting some college humor garbage doesn't change that.
That's garbage. Chances of down syndrome, birth defects, and chromosomal abnormalities all go up. At 40 the chance of downs is close to 1/100, as opposed to like 1/1000 in 20 yr olds. Not to mention all the other defects and other types of mental retardation. 

You CAN keep getting pregnant.. But you better be more careful about it and get proper screening done.
399 of which are paid bots.
Canada has around 35 million people. Usa has around 320 million. In what fucking world is that 25x the population? Its around 9-10x.
Could you elaborate on this? I was seriously considering buying a v30..
I loved your post but come on man, it's spelled "Michael."
What is dead may never die.
Red wedding 
How fucking stupid are you? Officers shouldn't know the law.. Jesus fucking Christ.
I'd buy that instantly.
Uhh Idk if you're referring to me or not, but I literally had 0 clue as to what ethereum was, up until reading this thread.  I have no comments in /r/ethtrader at all..
I've been waiting for that for ages.. Given up hope at this point.
Why do you hate RBC? They've been pretty good to me and I like the app.
Thank-you!  I think I might start mining now...
Wow.  He got some Thiel award that is specifically given to gifted people, so they can drop out of university and continue working on their personal projects. 

Interesting.  I'm happy he's been so successful.
Ethereum was made in Canada? How does that even happen?
Google says Non-Resident Indian.. why do you troll me. :(
What is NRI? 
What?
Didn't you just recently lose to Pakistan.. lol.
You're an idiot. God bless Blizzard doesn't take shitty opinions like you for their game.
Wow you are a fucking idiot.
Those are the "good" Caribbean schools.  The mediocre to bad ones literally take you right out of high school, getting an MD at 22 yrs old.
Thanks for the reply, I think I'm going to do a clean install. Appreciate it.
God fuck you. I hate 3rd generation "feminist" pieces of shit. It's just poorly disguised misandry.
Nah you're full of shit.
Seeking arrangement
God you're an idiot with an ego problem. Every mid level idiot out there thinks they're as smart as physicians. You wanna prove it? Go ace med school and score 260 on step 1 and step 2, some of the hardest fucking board exams in existence. Until then suck a dick, you don't know jack.

Strongly disagree.  

Awakening is def in my top 3 games on the 3ds.  It was fucking phenomenal, probably one of my top 2 in the entire FE series.
Yeah but you're not factoring in her gravitational pull. That shit is powerful.
Pretty sure Dota2 is one of the harder games to master, especially considering it literally had a 20+ mill tournament, the highest of any esport ever.
PAGING /r/trebuchetmemes
Yeah but the point I'm making is I don't know what the plot holes are.
Brutal. Savage. Rekt.
Yeah you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
Idk. Man FFX was one of my most fav games of all time.
The numbers system we use originated in India, I don't know why so many people call it Arabic.
Too many fucking retards like you on Reddit.
Is there anything there that an untrained layperson with no experience can apply for?

MJ, probably one of the best of all time ball players, is a piece of shit human. Legit a human scumbag.
Jesus Christ I think we found the girl.
Anyone can be the subject of racism. If you look up the fucking definition it says "the belief that race is the primary determinant of human traits and capacities and that racial differences produce an inherent superiority."

Get off your fucking high horse and realize racism can happen anywhere, to anyone. You fucking retard.
People like you are why more and more people are getting sick of liberal bullshit. I consider myself a moderate.. But you claiming "white people have thin skin" are just fucking awful.
I feel like being a billionaire, he will always have some kind of relevance. That is a Lott of money.
Isn't the eye of the storm the safest part of it?
What an awful analogy.
God Bless PhillyD.

I'm an atheist but I still enjoy the sentiment damn it.
Fuck Bell.
He said he didn't want to break the bank.
However, you could ask for antivirals! Tamiflu (or Oseltamivir) can reduce the length of a viral flu. Sometimes.
What a joke. In India the majority of the rape is never ever reported, because women of lower caste or social standing know they have nowhere to go. A woman in a first world country can go straight to the police. In India the police will just rape her again and tell her to fuck off.
Fuck dongles.  If a phone has no 3.5mm it's a deal breaker.  Especially since the Samsung S8 is arguably one of the best phones ever, and it STILL manages to fit a 3.5 mm jack along with all the other bells and whistles.
CAN YOU SMELL LALALALALLALALALALAA

WHAT THE ROCK


IS COOKIN'
That's not true at all, my parents are rich and Indian and spoiled the shit out of me when I was younger. India is a huge country with 1.3 billion people,there's more variation across it than most other countries.
Wait really, Shaw still sends me emails everytime I pirate a new episode of GoT?
God bless Cubone.
Link a single study that conclusively shows aspartame having negative side effects..I bet you can't.
The Besaid Aurochs!
That's obviously a major exception. His role of the joker was so good it was scary.  To this day his portrayal is ridiculously good, and will likely never be topped.
THE FOOKING LEGEND OF GIN ALLEY 
Man that is one of the best laptops I've ever seen at that pricepoint.. I wanna order it now.
You're a genius.
That was beautiful. God bless you.
Sounds suspiciously close to John Dorian..
You gotta be a troll. That is way too perfect.
Wow. Fucking phenomenal. 
I keep seeing this. Who's Dr. Manhattan?
I mean he won every battle. Getting butchered at a wedding under the guest rite doesn't seem like a valid military strategy.
You're a fucking genius. Like I wish I had that kind of wit.
You're an idiot.. Where are the s7 episodes on iTunes? Fucking retard.
This is the actual problem.
Sooooooo many people from the maritimes and elsewhere come to Alberta for work.
Another Donald nutjob. Shouldn't you be protesting affordable healthcare or something. Garbage.
/r/iamverysmart
You're an idiot. 
I feel like all of your replies are just to troll.
... John is Lyanna's son, this has already been confirmed in the HBO character guide.
What about Jaime?  Cersei was pretty hot in the first few seasons.
No way. Psychiatrists and physicians specialized in epidemiology are the furthest you can get from Surgery.
> Then again, the picture itself may be skewed, which is a stance I'm willing to accept, too.

Yes, the picture is skewed.  Anything other than your point of view must not be correct. Lul.
I mean I laugh at the feminists/SJWs like you who claim all your problems are from oppression and the patriarchy...
He's absolutely right.  Fuck SJWs and the 3rd wave "feminists" with them.  I always say I am not a feminist, I believe in equal rights.
Link pls
I'm pretty neutral on this topic, but if I had to choose a winner, it wouldn't be you. You basically just said,"yeah I'm an Apple sheep, but I'm not stupid and arrogant!" Like please dude.  I have an iPhone 7 now and more than ever I miss the flexibility/customizability of an android.
Glare causes paralysis... Lol
Ah my bad. Misinterpreted it.
Lol. Dawkins is very smart.. You don't get the point that of that sub. 
You're pathetic.
God you're a fucking idiot. Professional gamers in LoL, CSGO, AND Dota 2 make fucking bank.
I like money.
Congratulations, keep it up. :)
She doesn't give two shits buddy.  Money talks. 
Except that if the lawyers are right and these thirteen girls did conspire against him to ruin his life, he would be innocent. I'm not talking to you anymore, fucking idiots like you are so pathetic.
OK dude fucking kill yourself.  Anyone would confess to fucking anything if they got a plea deal with less time in jail. You are the trash of fucking society.
Are you really this fucking stupid? If you were falsely accused of rape, and your own way out was to apologize and get three years, would you do it? You gotta be mentally fucking brain dead or trolling man. 
Women never choose the highest paying specialities.. How can you come to the conclusion there's a wage gap.
I'm no expert, I just use a cleanser and moisturizer/sunscreen, but if you go to the subs side bar, it has a whole list of recommended products. Best to just start with that and once you feel comfortable branch out.
Me too man, me too.:(
It comes as no surprise as to why there's a crippling obesity epidemic here...
[Citation needed]
Whatever you say dude. Keep loving ISIS and all the horrible shit they do.
If someone didn't care about quality, why the fuck would they shell out 150 for some a glorified bluetooth set?

Blind Apple fanboys kill me man. I love some Apple products but wow you are hilarious.
That's garbage. If I want higher sound quality, a quality set of headphones or earbuds that are wired will always produce better sound than wireless. Not to mention having to charge wireless earbuds.. Another annoying thing to keep track of.
Airpods aren't better then normal wired earphones. You can get better sound quality with a lot of much cheaper options. The lack of a headphone jack is exactly why I still use a 6s+
You should leave Canada. Go check out Isis. Let's see how long you last.
Anyone who supports Isis needs to be shot. 
Depends. Anyone who supports Isis should be shot in the fucking head.
You're a fucking idiot.
Wow. You are delusional.  True to the nature of the Qiebecois 
I mean I'm indifferent to you. Couldn't care less about Quebec. I just think it's funny when people joke about how French Canadians aren't really Canadians. Didn't you guys wanna separate? You should do that.. See if you can survive on your own without all the government handouts.
You are the reason people hate French Canadians. Even my American friends know about what retarded people you guys are. It's hilarious.
I up voted.
1) I'm a neuro resident physician.
2) Doctors miss easy diagnoses all the time, especially in patients complicated with other symptoms.
3) Muscle wasting can occur simply because she has lost her appetite and isn't consuming much food, which happens in chronic illness.


On the other hand,working outside in -40F weather. I did that in high school and it was not fun, but paid decent.
Sounds like Gullain Barre Syndrome. 
Bread I can agree with, however their meat is absolute trash. I can get much better meat at any traditional supermarket.
That is the fade, my friend.
TIL. Man I gotta go play that game again...
I actually have an iPhone 7+, my best friend has the s8. It's much better.
Also most people these days have a relationship with their phones.
You're a fucking retard. The s8 is by far the best phone on the market in every way imaginable.
Fair point.
No trying to be that guy but being a physician is an MD, not a PhD.
Wow you are a complete idiot huh.
That's an insult to fast food. After a hangover I love McDonald's.. I don't think there's any scenario where I love Anita Sarkeesian.
Fuck this idiot. I hope he rots in jail.
You just said in a previous comment you think it's up.in the air if she can beat a male athlete. I'm not sexist, I believe in equal rights. I just hate this bullshit feminist movement and new age feminists like yourself.  There is no world where she could beat a top200 male tennis player. If she could, she would have done it and got a huge amount of money and publicity. But, typical of your kind, cry sexism and go back to your fucking safe space.
It's hilarious how people claim those sisters could beat males. Like high school male basketball  players beat wnba athletes.. It's ridiculous.
She's not one of the top athletes of her sport. She's one of the top FEMALEs who dominated FEMALE tennis players. She couldn't beat a mediocre washed up male professional tennis player.
She asked for the match. And immediately after losing wanted to play against a man and outside of the top 350. Stop deluding yourself. Lol. She knew she couldn't ever best a professional male, hence why she never tried again. The guy she played was mediocre at best.
Way to twist my words. There are plenty of top FEMALE athletes. There are absolutely no female athletes who are the absolute best at their sport. And there likely never will be. Unless all men die or something.
God kill yourself. Another wage gap retard who claims women make less than men.
Why isn't mayweather on this list? Didn't he make like 300 killers pacqiauo or something.
Lol you are a joke. She can't beat any man who is in the top 200. How can you even put her in the Conversation about a top athlete of all time? Are you just a blind ignorant fangirl? 
Best athlete ever? Give me a fucking break. She was beaten by Karsten Braasch, who wasn't even in the fucking top 200 male tennis players. Best female of all time sure. Best tennis player of all time and she can't crack top 200.

None of those areas are Arabic.. They are south India with a prevalence of Hinduism / Tamil / Senegalese. You're a fucking idiot.
You're an idiot. The numerals we use today originated from India. Arab Nations copied India and brought it to the rest of the world.
Lol. It's crazy to me people haven't heard of the greatest hockey player of all time.
Ah fair enough. I didn't think about the average and lower players. I guess they get more money then they should.
To play in the NBA you gotta be one of the best players in the world. It rakes in a ton of cash, ticket sales, merchandise, ad time, etc. Makes perfect sense that players get paid a ton. They also generate much more then they get paid in revenue for their teams and their city.
Just say that you believe in equal rights. That's what I say when someone brings up feminism to me. Feminists have warped and twisted the movement into basically poorly disguised misandry.
I hate trump more than anyone, but you gotta admit the  man's got a point. 
It is a certainty there a certain population of people ( of Nordic ancestry) are completely immune to HIV. There is a certain receptor protein the virus binds to ( CCR5 receptor) which is absent in this population, which means the virus is never able to enter a Th2 cell and proliferate within the hosts immune system. I believe scientists were trying to create a vaccine with their bone marrow, lot track of its progress.
God pathetic and jealous, you fit right into the stupid reddit stereotype.. Do you lack self awareness?
I mean people get struck by lightning and win the lottery, shit happens.
Being in stem field automatically makes it highly likely the poster is a male.
Cite sources or gtfo 
Doesn't matter. When enough people mistakenly call themselves feminists when they are actually misandrists, word loses its meaning. Better today you believe in equal rights.
I mean the definition of the word literally was actually changed in the Oxford dictionw when enough people incorrectly used the word. So I can see when enough idiots claiming they're feminists when they're actually misandrists, where do you draw the line? That's why it's better to say you believe in equal rights.
Show me some fake tits that jiggle the way those do..
You're the best.
Assault is any unwanted touching..  A woman could easily have a case of assault if the genders were reversed.
I mean Chad Kroeger have a net worth of like 60 mill.. Pretty sure he has tonnes of fans worldwide, regardless of whether you or I hate them.

I'm sure she cares about your opinion of her significant other.
Wow she has lupus?
People like you are hilarious. You bank the entire game down to results and Allens/Irving's shots? What about all the pts James dropped? All the work to get to that situation? Lebron haters are legit hilarious. He could win the next three rings in a fking row and you'd still be sucking some older players dick. The only real player that is on Lebrons level is Jordan. Anyone with half a fucking brain can see that.
Good luck, apply to as many schools in Canada as you can. I'm in 2nd yr residency and I've been told numerous schools are upping their class sizes.
Doesn't Calgary also have a three year program?
Do they really take slots away from cmgs /amgs though? Not advocating the carribean in any way shape or form, but from last experiences most residency programs will take any cmg over even a distinguished img candidate. I always thought imgs just go to the remote garbage areas no one else wants to go to.
You're disgusting. Please don't reproduce.
You got time to insult people on Reddit but not enough time to source your claims or explain your arguments..OK.
I mean I wouldn't have brought all of that up if you didn't say "It's ludicrous to think he will have that job in the long run" When the job exists and is easily attainable for anyone willing to relocate, with reasonable security. It's also not a bs claim, but I guess google is beyond your scope of expertise.
Edit : literally the first fucking google search 

https://www.glassdoor.ca/Salary/Syncrude-Process-Operator-Fort-McMurray-Salaries-EJI_IE15846.0,8_KO9,25_IL.26,39_IC2274645.htm
Lol. You don't have to believe me, you can easily google it. The undesirable part is living in Northern Alberta, where there is nothing to do and the winter is 8 months long with -45 degree temperature. As I said, you have no idea what you're talking about.
My dad has been a power engineer in the Fort McMurray oil sands for over 22 years. It's a stable job and it took him a 2 year diploma to get. Almost any idiot could complete that course and do the job. Starting wage there is 120k/yearly for 6 on 6 off with as much ot as you want. I know all about the oilfields, and your ignorance is showing in full color.  As a physician I had to go through 8 years of school and I'm still in a 5 year residency, making 52k. He has all the security in the world, Suncor / Syncrude always look to hire new blood.
Consider the length of time, commitment, and expertise and takes to become a qualified and board certified surgeon. If they don't deserve to be making a lot of cash, I find it hard to justify the same of literally any other profession on our planet.  I know people who work in my home town (Northern Alberta) who make 200k out in the oilfields with 6months -2 yrs of training. THAT'S ludicrous.
That's insane. Healthcare in the USA is mind boggling to me, I have no idea how the expenses are calculated / organized at all.
Meh I've seen ugly people on both sides of the political line. Doesn't mean much.
Khloes ugly as hell Bruh, especially for a famous person. Walk down the street of any major city, and you'll see 100 girls that look 10x better than she does.
WoD was way worse than legion, it's not even close. Stop exaggerating.
God the German language is amazing. I also love that word Schadenfreude, it describes how I feel all the time.
You're a fucking idiot . There is countless evidence of mj being a douche that a simple google search would reveal. 
I don't appreciate you saying "even" the dogs caught on.. I've met plenty of dogs that are much more intelligent than than people. ( Not actually offended)
God you are pathetic. lebron haters are hilarious, this guy is the best player in the fking world and one of the best to ever play the game. 
100% agreed. Every person I've ever met who babbles about nootropics definitely seemed a little off.
Hey faggot, how'd it feel when LeBron dad-dicked the most stacked team in the history of the NBA with a self-alley oop?  Jordan's never done that. 
 You're fucking dumb as shit.
? And. All but one of those finals can't be blame on him. You idiots really just got some major rose tinted glasses for a time when basketball wasn't nearly as competitive as it is now.
None of those players minus Jordan have got shit on Lebron.. So many lebron haters it's hilarious.
That's a bullshit study. It says right in the first few sentences they don't account for adiposity.. In other words, fat people.
.. Well that's awful. Fat people are the number one consumers of diet products, and are obviously going to have more strokes than fit people. Study means nothing to me otherwise then, since numerous other studies have shown no inherent danger from the sugar substitutes.
He's already accomplished more than both of them and still gas a few years left.. You're fucking delusional or ignorant.
Communicate everytime he spikes? Please dude, no top tier raiding guilds ever use DH tanks. Go look at logs..
Such bullshit. Ones bulbasaur gets vinewhip the game is on easy mode.. I'm a bulbasaur lover but blatant trash like this just makes me angry.
You're an idiot. The only real person you can compare to Lebron is MJ.
Link to said study?

Yah, I'm resto druid right now for an 8/10 mythic Guild, our ot is a vengeance DH. So while it is possible, it's so much harder than it has to be. Needless to say, he's getting benched next patch for a paladin.
If you wanna raid at the mythic level, make a brewmaster. It's hard enough to get a raid slot as a tank ( with a good Guild) to begin with.  Demon hunters have much less mitigation and take much spikier (is that a word?) damage then bears / brewmasters. It's a nightmare for a healer to try and determine when the DH is in trouble or if he can self heal himself through the burst, which ends up in a lot of overhealing / wasted mana. Which in turn makes progression on difficult content harder than it has to be. Guilds tend to take the path of least resistance.
Doesn't matter, DH tanks suck for healers, suck for progression. No serious mythic progression Guild would ever use one.
Get the fuck out of here you trump dick sucker.
You're so stupid it hurts my soul. Google Harminder, see why kind of people pop up on Google images. And please don't have any kids. We got enough stupid running around Bruh.
Jealous 
You're a fucking idiot. His fucking twitter handle is Harminder. He has Indian facial features and an extremely common Indian name. He's fucking Indian.  Smh.
Jealousy 
That's almost impossible. You got a screenshot of it happening?
Or, maybe no one cares to hear the same bs negativity. You don't wanna play the game anymore? That's fine, no one cares. Go play the next mmo.
Affliction is godlike right now, what are you smoking.
God, Kelso's expression when he hits the last step just shows such raw sorrow and emotion, it tears me apart.
I fucking love this show.
That is not a tiny nerf at all.. Mark of Ursol loss and 20% armor nerf on Ironfur are pretty substantial nerfs.  Other tanks will very likely be better than bears in ToS patch. (Which I'm OK with, bears have been dominant for a long time.
This comment is ridiculous. Are you insinuating he must be disrespectful to women simply because he's brown? Jesus Christ.
Not really. Bears and brew master monks are King. That will probably change in ToS though.
That's a question for /r/malefashionadvice

You're about a 6/10. Could definitely improve with working out /better haircut / nice clothes.
WoW is made out of a unique combination of heroin/crack /caffeine /alcohol/nicotine  and every other addictive  substance known to man.
No way? Is one slice of pizza really 1800 cals?
Bullshit. Sick and tired of all these idiots claiming mj is Jesus when people like lebron, curry, and Kobe have all played either close to, or at his level.
People like her are pathetic. Bitch you're so fat you can't even walk, should you really be eating Chinese food?
People like you are why so many people hate apple users. Fuck off.
Was looking for this and the Al Bhed Home scene..man that game is my #1 of all time.
Yeah that's bs.
Ah yes the "what if" scenarios. love those. Where fantasyland comes into play.
It isn't arguable. At all. It's a fucking joke. Anyone who knows anything about hockey knows Gretzky has more assists than any other player has total points, goals and assists combined. His records will never be broken. He was the ultimate hockey player.
Jesus you are pathetic and jealous.
Well it's just /r/skincareaddiction says hydroquinone is the gold standard for post inflammatory hyperpigmentation and they usually have amazing skin care advise, so I'm kind of surprised you're saying it causes skin damage.
Got citation or a source for that?
Congratulations. Good kill and good luck in tomb!
You're an idiot. Someone assaults you, you just walk it off?
What's the point of them then!!
You've already been proved wrong.. But anyways the Samsung s8 does everything the iPhone 7 does better.. And has a 3.5 mm jack.
Fuck that's true..
God you trump faggots are so fucking annoying. Go back to td and leave your bullshit politics there you fucking degenerate.
If that's being a good Muslim, fuck I wouldn't ever wanna communicate with a good Muslim for the rest of my life.
In terms of post graduate programs, it's one of the best in the world. I agree it's undergraduate program is just meh in Canada though.
Fuck off retard.
Kill yourself.
Please, Indians and Pakistanis are basically the same shit.. It would still be one country if not for Britain.
Are you really as dumb as you sound? 
Lol the ball is travelling way faster in baseball than either of those two sports...
What's this guys name? He always fucks the hottest girls. Reminds me of two tone.
You're an idiot.
You're an idiot. Samsung s8 does everything the iPhone does and more, Still has a headphone jack.
Doesn't seem like bs at all.. Probably just playing a bottom spec and comparing himself to a frost mage.
Dragon age tanked into the ground.. Origins is still one of my most favorite games.. Playing 2 was a chore and I didn't get past 7hrs of inquisition.. So brutal.
God you are such a fucking loser.
I mean I would have upgraded my 6s+ to a 7+ but I need a headphone jack.. Still hurts that Apple removed it for no good reason.
You're an idiot..Kareem is nothing compared to LBJ..
Mad Cuz LBJ da best. Jordan is some old ass has been and all his records will be broken by the time LBJ retires.
Mad cuz Jordan is in the dumpster where pieces of shit like him belong. LBJ THE GOAT.
God you Jordan dick suckers are hilarious. Jordan played in an era where everyone sucked.. LBJ beat the fucking GSW who came off of a record breaking regular season.. Get off Jordan's nuts.
Who knows. Jordan is a garbage can and he is no longer the goat. Jordan dick suckers find that hard to believe.
Jordan is garbage.
You're an idiot. Jordan is garbage. LBJ Is the goat.
You're an idiot.
Jordan ain't shit compared to LBJ.
Jordan is a piece of shit person, legitimately cancer. Didn't you see him cuss chamillionaire after he bought Jordan's fucking Hersey? Jordan is a piece of human garbage.
God trump cock suckers ate so fucking dumb.
Tank is getting heavily nerfed in ToS, and other tanks are getting buffed. Heals still gonna be solid but other healers are excellent as well. I think feral and boomkin will do well in ToS though, feral getting hella buffed.
Or you can displacer beast right before you hit the ground.
Fuck cabs , uber is way better. Also fuck you. 
Here we see another td douchebag out in the wild. God I hope your kind fuck off to voat and never come back, every single trump dick sucker is a degenerate piece of human trash.
Lol judging by your down votes you are wrong as fuck.
I was permanently banned in MoP for buying gold. Only one offense, and I never did anything else that was against the ToS. I'm always salty when I hear comments like yours because that's what people told me then, as well. BlIZZ can ban you at any time, for any reason.
Jealousy is an ugly color, friend.
Wait did they actually rape them? I don't remember that part of the game.
God you are dumb af... Feels bad man.
There are still small phones available.. And I never said they could order phone manufacturers to do anything. There is so much competition in the android market that anyone can find a phone with similar specs and quality with a headphone jack. So why the fuck should I settle for HTCs garbage.
How come Samsungs phone does literally everything better than ever other phone on the fucking market and still has a headphone jack? Any phone without a 3.5 will never ever get my business, simply companies being stupid and lazy.
No one said that's fair, you're  putting words in his /her mouth. Part of playing games online is talking with other people, and there are a ton of assholes out there..neither you or I can change that fact.  All you can do Is mute, move on, and enjoy your time gaming. If that seems to be a problem for you, you shouldn't game. There will always be trolls and assholes.
While it may be true that feminism is about equality in the pure definition of the word, modern feminism has been so warped and twisted it's easy to see why people would distance themselves from the word. It's a lot less polarizing these days to say you believe in equality than feminism. Which is what I'd assume someone who is trying to win a a competition would try to do.
Your attitude right here towards this guy is exactly why, as a moderate, I would tend to stay away from feminists as opposed to supporting you. It's really sad.
Good justification. You made me hate him now. Fk Uther.
People like you are so pathetic 
Jealous as Fk, your girls a babe.
Your team gonna get smashed buddy.
h2k got lucky seeding against a wildcard, everyone knows that. EU trash getting shit on and in denial as usual. GG europoors 
EU does suck. Their undisputed #1 undefeated team gets shit on by all other regions.
No you're dumb as fuck and don't understand basic probability.
How dumb are you?
Damn dude why you gotta go there..
No analyst ever says that.  DLift is miles ahead of Zven and his been playing since pre S-1, and is still the best adc in the west. 
Zvens been playing for what? One fucking year?
And he just got shit on by Gigabyte Marines.

Europoor delusional retards.
Born and raised in Fort Mac.. This hit close to home.
Dlift is way better than zven, EU fanboys delusional.
Zven is garbage compared to dlift,lmao.
Sure you do buddy. You're so smart!
Not trying to sound sophisticated. Your Grade 2 education just makes it seem any word longer than three letters is hard to use, like your garbage president. " I have the high higherest ratings"
Kill yourself you useless trump trash.
Correcting my grammar when you know you're worthless.
Please kid we both know you're A 19 yr old unemployed garbage can 
God Americans ignorant as Fk. 
Wow m trump dick suckers really are as stupid as they seem. Go try and get an education you trash can.
California also has silicon valley and Hollywood.. Literally epicentres of theatre and technology of the entire world. I legit have no idea how anyone could not want to live there, other than the ridiculous cost of living expenses. It's the west coast dream.
How can you compare California to fking Berlin.. Lol California is one of the most expensive places to live in the world for a reason.. EU people are are hilarious.
There are plenty of women who have long orgasms.. Just because you can't or haven't experienced one doesn't mean they don't exist.
Are you so stupid as to not realize the problem is not with boy scouts not recognizing women, as it is the girl scouts  not adapting the boy scout program / reward system? 
OK.. But you didn't address and if the other points. Girls shouldn't be allowed to join boys scouts.
Bruh he's been ripping shit up.
I don't believe you're actually this stupid. I choose to believe you're a masterful troll.
This is genius. I love rbgs but trying to get a group is exhausting..and if you lose it just all falls apart.
Please tell me you're trolling because you can't possibly be that fucking stupid.
I wish more people knew this. Every idiot thinks they can be a surgeon or a doctor in high school.. Jesus Christ dude medical schools take the best of the best of the best.. There's a good chance you never make it in.
You're an idiot. I'm happy you're getting down voted into the ground.
Wow. People are out there on Rachel's side. Tell me, if you just broke up with your ex, called him late that same night, and a beautiful gorgeous woman who you are supremely jealous of and knows has a good relationship with your ex through work, answered the phone, you wouldn't be paranoid?
Get over yourself, Ross was a way better person than Rachel ever was.
No one cares about EU, and Korea was a skt 3-0 
Bullshit..
What does it say that your best players leave? Cuz they don't wanna live in shit hole european countries making peanuts.  That's sad.  No one wants to live in Europe cuz it's just a gigantic shithole.
EU so shit their players runaway to live in a an actual good country.
You're a fucking idiot. Go back to td with the rest of your kind. Fucking trump faggots dude you have the iqwofna fucking potato. Legit everyone hates you and all of your useless kind.
EU fans are so pathetic, they make up any bs excuse to justify the fact that no one watches their shitty teams..
EU fans are so pathetic, they'll make up any bs excuse to justify that no one watches their shitty teams.

More to the fact that no one wants to live in a garbage can like Europe.. That's why all your players come to live in na Lmfao. 
Alex ich doesn't belong in any line of greats Lmfao.
Please. Like this chick could get a bachelors, then Med school, and then a pathology residency. Gonna have two more kids in the next two years and be sucking up food stamps and welfare in no time.
Night is garbage lol.. Please no.
Jordan played in a time when his competition was garbage.  Comparing the competition LBJ has to deal with and the people Jordan played against is night and day.  Anyone who thinks Jordan in his prime was better than LBJ in his prime is a fucking joke who doesn't understand bball.  Players now are a million times better than back then, with more varied strategic depth and better coaches and training.
Only for engineers
/r/skincareaddiction is the best advice I can give you. Legit a lifesaver.
That's pathetic. Go to school for eight years to make 7k a month. I know welders who make more then that studying for 6months.
The fact that you are comparing hais middle finger to months of abuse and neglect to a team of professional players speaks volumes about your intelligence. Please do not reproduce.
Going at least once every three years is preventative.. It's much more to worth it in the long wrong.
/r/prequelmemes
It's not similar at all. Vitiligo is a disease. And picking out literally the only model with the disease out of there tens of thousands who hate the way they look doesn't change the fact that it's brutal to your self esteem, regardless of skin colour.  You picked out the one peacock who looks good in the ocean of people who the way they look.
It's not consistent, that's the problem. It looks like patches of white skin randomly around your body. Very ugly. Google Vitiligo.
It's true. Go google images of vitiligo. I wouldn't want to leave my house if I had patches of white all over my skin.
Yeah you're a fucking idiot. The iPad is one of apples most popular devices.
Michael Jackson had a legitimate skin condition called vitiligo. It's very ugly and gives you patches of non pigmented skin (possibly of auto immune origins)
Of all people who would want to bleach their own skin, I feel his is very justified. Vitiligo looks gross on its own.
Yes fourth.. Seeded against a fucking wildcard team. Get real dude.
OP, you are one glorious bastard. 
Fnc fans are hilarious. G2 has bent over the entire EU region for so long, raped every other team domestically so hard. Like every other EU team is G2's bitch. Somehow you think a Fnatic who has been so garbage all season can win a bo3? Jesus Christ Fnatic fans are the Tsm fan equivalent.
I mean, the majorly of women hit the male first, not expecting any repercussions simply because they were female.
Holy shit that laugh so annoying.
EU bigger trash than na.. EU lost all 6 games vs NA last world's.. Stupid EU noobs man.
He did say he was a lawyer..
Yeah fuck you.

Yeah fuck you. 
Yeah they basically perfect splitted EU twice.. Perkz and zven are sick as Fk.
I hope that ceo gets sued for everything he's fucking worth. Human garbage.
How is it not luck that you got seeded against a fking wildcard? Are you blind, dumb, or a troll? EU fans are so pathetic lol.
You didn't win a single game vs an NA team last world's.. Legit went 0-6 vs NA. You got semis based on a lucky seed against a wildcard team..
Other EU teams are garbage though.. You noobs lost to CLg lmao.
God you have to be some EU trash can..
You're an idiot talking out of your ass. A simple google search proves you wrong lmao.
/r/wholesomememes
Trump is a loose cannon.. He can do anything at anytime. If I was any other country I wouldn't depend on him for shit.
How is it patriarchal? I am totally ignorant on Korea, just asking for curiosity sake. I thought they were very progressive and all about equal rights.
Lmao he was joking.. salty Dyrus fanboy is hilarious though.
Thankfully, you are in the minority of retards.
God please stop typing.. Everything you say is wrong.
God bless you, born without a brain.
Dame thing happened with Fnatic.. Where's their permaban.
Why are you still typing? By now you must have gathered no one cares about your garbage opinions lol.
Fair enough.
You're an idiot. Please don't reproduce.  You didn't even refute his points, just spewed some bullshit.
Bullshit. Proof or gtfo. Too many people here full of it.
With that winrate in s7? You know anyone else who's doing that?
You ever stop to consider why they have the best stats at ten? That's when junglers have the highest influence. Their early game dominance is a RESULT of Lira⋅s play,not the other way around...
It's way harder to do it now though, average skill of playerbase is increasing. This player wayyyyy more impressive than what rekles and incarnation did.
:(
/r/im14andthisisdeep
danger zone
It doesn't seem that way. I mean I could be wrong, but from my perspective it legitimately seems like he thinks he's the shit. He also has been shitting on other players and teams for a while. Again, you don't have to take my word for it, sift through his twitter and see for yourself.
Go read his twitter feed.  He's gotta be the cockiest pro who has never achieved anything that I've ever seen.
That flash R by LOD was dirty, set up the entire fight.
Rioters opinions on balance always make me laugh. It's people like you who out this seasons Leblanc / Ryze and the league of cleavers huh.
The 0.01% who is BETTER? THE ONE AND ONLY GOD IMAQTPIE, UNDISPUTED LOL GOD OF THE WORLD, OFFICIAL OWNER OF WORLD'S MOST BEAUTIFUL HAIR.
Yes yes.. The older team that's been making champion guides since pre season 1 stole the idea of making guides from h2k. The stupidity is astounding.
Wow. You are so wrong it hurts to read the garbage you type.
You really just proved that nurses are straight bitches. Hilarious.
Holy fuck you got rekt. Delete your post and run away, served your ass to you on a silver platter. 
You're a joke dude. Doctors aren't going anywhere.
What fans? No one cared about them before, they just gained a lot of haters.
Dude, you're just sad. Please stop typing, everyone knows you're wrong.
GG is awful..Pob used to be really solid..Idk wtf happened to him.
I hate liberals almost as much as I hate trump.. Don't have a side. Anyone who blindly clings to ones sides ideals is so fucking stupid they shouldn't be able to procreate. Stop sucking orange cock and realize he's fucking you.
Lol. Dude please stop typing. You embarass yourself.
Every single trump supporter need to fucking kill themselves. If you honestly support trump and are not trolling, please don't reproduce. Get fucking sterilized you useless waste of air.
Lol. OK bud.
Alright man, I can clearly see there's no intelligent debate gonna go on here..keep playing HotS. Very polished and well made game..lol. There's a reason no one plays it. 
Well it's true, California is one of the most amazing places to live in, period. Hence why it has a population of like 35 million in one God dammed state.
That's the mark of a person in denial. Millions upon millions of people watch and play the other two mobas..they're all deluded and HotS is the better game Cuz you and the ten other people who play it think so? Get real man no one plays that garbage game.. By far Blizzards worst thing they have adequate in recent memory, other than vanilla diablo 3.
Are you really saying Hots is more polished? Dota2 and LoL beat it out of the water in every way imaginable.. From viewership to esports to playbase to game play.. Lmao.
I hate idiots like you who spout this nonsense.  USA has among the highest gdp in the world, if they wanted to provide better, faster Internet, isps would.  Instead they want to line their pockets, stop other competition, and hold an oligopoly while distributing garbage service and never improving. Stop giving the landmass argument and open your fucking eyes.  Especially in congested areas like NY and Cali... There should be cheap fibre available to every single person in extremely populated states, but comcast and time Warner don't want the competition to improve themselves.
Jesus you are a cynic if I've ever seen one. Even if the guy is 100% bogus, any idiot can look at subway chicken and realize that cant be real chicken...
You tryna earn a life long fan? Because that's how you earn lifelong fans..
Holy shit please stop typing.  That is hot garbage you are spewing.
Dogs are beautiful and amazing creatures... This guy didn't even deserve the death he got..Idk what kind of punishment would be bad enough for a person like that.
Sure man, you're diamond in your heart. Np
People like you are sad. H2k was legit garbage and got lucky being seeded in an easy group and then facing off against a wildcard.. You are delusional..
Loool the achievements.. He hasn't achieved shit other than being on the bench of a team better than he should never have been part of.
Good argument. I'm not a pro LoL player, so I can't criticize pro LoL players. Gilius is garbage, keep defending him if you want. Guaranteed he gets 3-0d next series.
Lmao. I love how you say na when Faker could easily say EU is trash and then you'd be butthurt.

As a sub..because the main jungler couldn't play...
He was complete garbage in EU Lcs.. He can't back up jack lmao.
Forgiven rages and tilts all the time..comparing him to a player like Apdo is a joke, skill wise and attitude wise.
See, when you demonize an entire country, it's easy for people to hate you. It would be like me saying all EU are racist conservative retards for voting in brexit.
....you're an idiot.
Are you literate? Re read what I wrote. LoL and CSGO are at the top in a league of their own, dota 2 is far below both of them.
Lytes a piece of shit, Idk how you could ever defend him. Didn't he cheat on his fiancé with some underage girl..legit his whole toxic thing is a sad joke.
Yah and then Zyra double kills you 1v2 with her lost chapter. Good thing you got that vision though.
100% agree. I don't know why people think Jensen > Bjergsen, Bjergsen is the better overall player in my eyes, and that vastly out values whatever slight edge Jensen has in the lane phase.
Citation needed.
Too bad viewership and sponsors don't agree, CSGO and LoL beat out dota 2 by a long shot.
Pira and stress were awful.
Yeah cuz you get get seeded against wildcards.. EU wildcard region.
Yes,and they lost every single one. Go look it up.
I mean didn't EU get 6-0'd by NA last worlds?  How can you believe EU is better than NA when they lost 6 consecutive head to head matches against NA?  It's hilarious.  The only reason H2k even went so far was getting lucky seeding against a wildcard ffs..
Oh. I suck.
That's a complete diss/insult to Robert.. He was a phenomenal warrior and brought down a Kingdom for the sake of his lost love.  Trump is just a fat orange guy with a God complex.
I think you meant physicists..physicians are doctors.
Lul mad..EU got rekt 6-0 by na teams 

 na > EU 
Yeah and those teams were the best EU had to offer.
 Still a joke region. Should give all your spots to Japan and Brazil imo.
Lol you got jokes..forgiven is garbage...
EU Lcs is a joke region though.. You guys got 6-0 swept by na last world's.
Lol.. Salty EU fans are hilarious. Didn't you retards get 6-0d by NA last world's.. Jesus Christ delusional.
Hey man everyone has derp moments..
Lol..what a joke 

I'm fairly certain he's from Vancouver actually..
Before he was playing against garbage EU and na players. Now he's raping lck players. That's a huge difference. If you don't acknowledge that you have no understanding of competitive lol.
EU Lcs is a joke.

That's the truth. You know what else is the truth? EU shit teams got 6-0d by na teams at world's.. EU joke region lmao.
You got to semis cuz you picked a wildcard out a hat.. Don't worry won't happen this yr and you'll be garbage tier just like iem 
EU still look like garbage,even with this meta though..
You can prove it by giving your summoner name so we can look you up on op.gg
You got to semis being seeded against a wildcard.. Don't worry you'll get shit on by every other region again.. Trash tier EU region :(
Eu just a trash region.. that's why no one watches the EU LCS streams lul...
I mean EU lost every single head to head game vs NA, if NA is bad.. EU must be a flaming ball of trash and cancer.  That's why we should take all the EU slots and give them to OCE/BR/Japan imo..
Lol. Riot does accommodate iem. If they just continued Lcs on as usual no good teams would ever go to iem and then they'd get no LoL viewership. Are you dumb?
This guy must be a trump supporter. Plenty of cases where the travel ban screwed over people not from the "banned" countries.
The US government is just a complete joke atm.
You're so sad. Anyone who doesn't think Faker is the best player in the world at this point is just some brine scrub.
I just conceded that my brother was more intelligent than I ever was, and he's an engineer. You are ridiculously hostile. I also never mentioned anything about math, chemistry or physics. I merely said I have colleagues and know other physicians who are lifelong academics. You said medicine is a practice, which is not entirely true. There are physicians who spend their lives learning and devoting careers to research and development.

Anyways, I'm done. Have a good day dude. Hope you can be happy.
I'm actually a resident physician.. And my brother and father are both mechanical engineers. My brother is a hell of a lot smarter than I am. But you are just a sad guy with an inferiority complex. Really sad how defensive you are about it though..
There are plenty of physicians who are academics, especially in university hospitals and research. Hell my medical school had a joint MD /PhD program. Of course you're an ignorant retard who doesn't know shit..
Lol. Doctors are very smart. In order to even get into medical school in Canada and the USA you have to be exceptional. To think otherwise is just wrong. 
Sounds like you have ever a major inferiority complex for being an engineer buddy. Should work on yourself...
You're also biased because you are an engineer and your ex is an MD.. There are smart and dumb doctors as well.as engineers..why does everything have to be a pissing contest.
I mean I'm just stating facts.. Problem?
People like you make me really sad.
Sad. Where's all the privilege you white males are supposed to have?!?!
I mean EU lost every head to head matchup vs NA at season 6 world's... If na is garbage EU is a flaming truck of cancer and trash..
Yeah all the pros who build rylais are retarded. Random bronze redditor knows better, he's just held back by his team! xD
I mean EU LCS is a complete joke, wild card region. They lost every single head to head game against NA in season 6 world's and only got lucky with groups / seeding against a fking wildcard.. EU is legitimately trash tier region..should give their spots to BR  imo.
Lol hope that's a troll...
Riots game code is a colossal joke.  So many ridiculous bugs at this point it's pathetic.
I know right..I'm straight (I think?) but holy shit does Gosling look amazing.
It was doubled to 50k/year.  Not including whatever else they make from their team/sponsors/streaming.  It is very lucrative to be a pro gamer, as it should be.  Only the best get that far, and they are continuously tested by the threat of relegations.
Oh my bad, I made the obvious association that if you are taking Parkinson's drugs, you might actually HAVE PARKINSON'S DISEASE.  Kid you are hilarious.  I know, I know it's hard to admit when you're wrong.  Someday you might mature...
Possible, but in my history whenever there's a salty comment about na, it comes from an eu player determined for everyone to believe EU da best.
? And. Carbidopa and levodopa are given together..neither changes the fact that Parkinson's patients have a much lower level of dopamine basally than average. Therefore a Parkinson's patient would not have the effects you described... Can't tell if trolling.
As opposed to the fact that EU lost every game against NA last world's...man if na is garbage EU must be a dumpster truck of biohazardous waste and cancer.
Your /r/Iamverysmart post failed. People who have Parkinson's have degeneration of the nigrostriatal neurons, which produce the dopamine. Therefore drugs used for it, like carbidopa, while increasing the dopamine in their brain, it's still much lower than the average normal person. So they won't have the aforementioned symptoms you described.
You placed better because you got a lucky seeding against a fucking wildcard.. Jesus delusional EU fans are hilarious. Think whatever you want bud, EU still sucks.
Lol, NA shit on EU in every head to head match at world's 2016. Get good EU, your region always garbage. :( maybe we should revoke your world's spots, you guys can join brazil league Lmfao.
You say that, but the purchasing power per dollar is much higher in the USA than in Canada. I have lived in both, and even accounting for differences in currency conversion /worth, you can get more for your dollar in the states than in Canada, because there are more services and competition, which drives prices down.
Mad Cuz eu is trash..you guys got raped by na every single head to head at world's last year.. Stop being so salty Bruh, EU sucks :(
Oh my bad.  Didn't realize, sorry.
? How are they anywhere near the 4th best team in the world? Eu was just as bad, if not worse than NA last worlds.  They got seeded against a wildcard to get to the final four.  It was a complete joke.  
I play support all the time..I just got auto filled toplane and it was awful lol.
I was a froggen fanboy in s2. He was clearly a top 3 mid in the world and would have won an OGN title if not for his garbage adc in yellowpete. He legitimately carried games 1v5.

That doesn't detract from him being mid tier right now. He has dropped off quite a bit ( or others caught up, probably mixture.)
Froggen is like 1-5 or some shit on Anivia, and his TF isn't the greatest... He doesn't dominate on that team, Akaadian does.
.. His YouTube and esports podcast have insane views. He's also the leading expert in cs go. You're just salty cuz he put that retard Romain on blast.
Thorin isn't anti EU, he's anti bullshit, and Romain is fucking full of it. The fact that you can't see that is mind boggling.  He always gives credit to good teams and coaches.
Lol.. That is an awful example. Viper and revenge are not one tricks.. Sad.
He got to semis because of lucky seeding.. H2k literally got the fucking wildcard team in quarters.. Idk how you can give them any credit for that finish.
Romain is a fucking retard. Thorin is completely right about this entire video.. Also lol at the riot Lyte mention. Riots toxicity is fucking garbage.
Every head to head EU lost..EU is a dumpster region Lmfao.
EU has never been the better region ever.. EU fans are hilarious. You kids got to semis because of a lucky seed against a wide card team..
Lol. I like your optimism.
I like how you purposely leave out the fact that skt at the time were majorly slumping, and playing exceptionally bad at lck at the time. A full strength skt, such as world's form skt, would 3-0 Fnatic or Tsm or whatever other western tram you could ever throw at them. Western fans are delusional.
Do you realize how fucking retarded Trump is? Or are you a trump supporter? Any type of minority ethnic group can get screwed by trump at any given moment. The guy is mad with power. I'm a Canadian born Indian, not even Muslim, and I get rekt everytime I go through an airport. My brother was also recently denied entry into the USA, and he just wanted to go to a wedding. The shit is crazy and I don't want to be anywhere near the border in the present climate.
He abused dynamic queue. Stop kidding yourself, Korean LoL, both professional play and solo queue, are so ahead of the rest of the world it's like a completely different game.
EU is a garbage region and full of poor people, it's pathetic you guys can't even keep your good players.
Gg europoors.
What a joke 
Fnatic and Tsm would be bottom tier garbage in lck.
Yes I'm sure your one piece of anecdotal evidence clearly speaks for the entire country. Get the fuck outta here dude can't handle this bs.
You are hilarious. "Exactly the same thing". I wish I lived in this same perfect world that you do, buddy.
No, but I know that if a male and female are both intoxicated and have sex, the female can cry rape and the guy's life can be ruined for it. The girl's consent can be withdrawn at any time, and potentially ruin a guys life.  A simple google search pulls up many such cases.  Does this mean every girl does that? Of course not.  But if it happens even once, a guys life is forever ruined.

What do you think would happen if the roles were reversed?  If a man cried rape after being intoxicated people would laugh at him.
People like you are why the MRA is gaining traction.  "Equal rights" is a joke.
Another EU trashcan.. dawg when G2 gets shit on by OCE this year I'll come find you and ask about "high level leagues."
While that's true, an EKG does not give you any type of information regarding the size of a heart.. it measures electrical vectors/activity and tells more about abnormal beats or rhythms.  It tells you absolutely nothing about structural problems or stroke volume.
Obviously I meant trump..not bcs premier..
You're an idiot.  I'm a Canadian citizen, born here, and not even Muslim.  However having brown skin I would never enter the states unless I absolutely had too.. your president is fucking crazy and I would not risk my well-being because he's racist as fuck.
On average women make 16% less than their male counterparts in the workplace, even when working in the same position, with the same skills. This is getting better, but it's still a problem.

This is complete and utter bullshit.  Link your statistics or stop propagating this garbage,

Bullshit.  Link your info or gtfo.
Jesus what a wall of garbage.  You basically said nothing in all of that.
Lol what a joke. Arrow looks like the best adc in the entire west right now...
Season 6 eu was garbage as well, they got lucky with seedings..lol
Kobe has been around way before Deficio, if anything it's Deficio is the EU Kobe...
Read and learn your entire life. There are numerous studies which indicate lifelong learners have a much lower incidence of dementia. Don't ever stop reading and stimulating your mind, it's the best thing you can do for yourself. Google if you don't believe me.
Bruh any nerves you hit are severely overshadowed by the Trump jizz dribbling off of your chin... How many people you circle jerking with back at td?
God you Donald Trump dick suckers are all the same.. Can't you tell everyone fucking hates you and your fucking faggot president? Go back to td, don't worry it'll get shutdown soon and then you can all bitch and moan on 4chan llike the rest of the ugly ass trolls.
Are you an idiot?
EU Lcs is just as garbage..if not worse lmao.
Lol and dota2 are not pay2win at all.. you're dumb as fuck.
And you would be wrong. Packet loss is legit the worse thing ever for online gaming.
Oh yeah? Try being in Germany and trying to sue a multi billion dollar company like riot games, see how far you get. That's just a big bullshit, Riot can do whatever the fuck they want whenever the fuck they want, tour consumer laws won't protect shit.
I'm a huge C9 fan, and C9 played like absolute trash these first two games.  They deserved to get 2-0'd.  I hope game 3 is a better showing.
Bengi hasn't been nearly as consistent in his level of play as Faker has... Terrible comparison.
While i agree with your general sentiment, PawN hasn't won 3 world championships..
Lol what a joke. Bjergsen shits on every mid in EU by a long shot.
That's been said multiple times over.. Riots design team is full of monkeys.. Were you around for the fiasco that was stacking black cleavers? There are always phases where ad champions are busted.
The "Oh shit" moment when you think you've just thrown the game..
Jesus Christ Bjergsen's Zed man...
Best midlaner in the West.
Saw this real time... Came multiple times already.. Bjergsen
on Zed is a classic.
H2k was shittier.. Had they met any Chinese or Korean tram they would have got bent over. Stop being delusional.
Better than getting paid with mouse pads amirite...
God you are stupid as fuck huh..
It's a dumb fucking idea, and you're fucking stupid for thinking it's a real argument. Condoms, when used effectively, stop the spread of the majority of STIs. To claim otherwise is just as stupid as the religious retards who don't believe in global warming or dinosaurs.
I mean Diamond has a huge ego too, hard to take anything he says seriously.
lol.. TSM declined him you noob. 
Check out New Leaf. I flew from Edmonton to Abbotsford one way for 49 bucks.  Amazing discount airline, only flies to certain airports though.
Bullshit argument..dota 2 sees wayyyyy more champion variety than LoL does, the guy is right, Riots balance does need a serious overhaul.
You are so wrong it hurts..
Lol.. Doctors aren't going anywhere.. You are deluded. 
He never won a world cup.. surely you're joking.
Fuck the Quoran.
Cuz you know you're wrong, lol. It's okay to admit it.
Nice response, means you got nothing to say.
You're so stupid. The entire argument is bullshit because there's a huge shortage of physicians across the country.
If you knew anything about medicine, you'd know all the American grads want to stay at good, competitive hospitals in larger cities. This mean no American students ever go to the smaller, rural hospitals or the inner city shit hole hospitals. Without IMGs, these hospitals could not exist and the surrounding patient population would suffer.
Fucking retard.
Probably because you can't afford the electricity to keep typing on your shit pc.. EU poor lul
People like you are really sad.. You're willing to freely believe something just because it came from a streamer? Can you think for yourself? Where's the actual proof that the xerath is a scripter? What happened to innocent until proven guilty?  Seriously stupid.
I mean EU is trash so the whole argument is moot to begin with..
You're correct, you can't even write the Canadian board exams without at least a PR status.
You could always ask your family doctor for a referral to get an echocardiogram. That gives you a decent idea of the size of your heart.
God you're fucking retarded.
Too bad he's trash now and won't even make it to worlds.. While Faker has three rings and most likely four at the end of the year.
The fact that any idiot even tries to even remotely compare himself to Faker is a fucking joke in and of itself.
You are the reason people are starting to think feminism is a joke. Fuck off. You poison the whole movement.
You're an idiot, Pawn has only ever beat Faker in one set, which was regionals.. Every other time Faker smashes every single person he lanes vs.. how many noobs are gonna say "We can beat SKT" before they realize SKT is a 3 time world champion with the best midlaner in the world.. I don't even like them but facts are facts.  lol.
Lol.  It's a good thing people like you will never be making important decisions then isn't it.
Talk about your stereotypes...
Who the fuck cares? They've been problems forever and it takes them months to make the changes? Instead they nerf shit like Darius when Rengar Camille Jayce Ryze Syndra and khazix exist. Riot balance team is a fucking joke.
He is..nocturne hasn't been viable for a while now :(
Sounds like you're just mad because he knows his shit..
What if I wanna breed a trick room poke though....
God Bless Kobe.  The man is amazing.
Fizz laugh *
They are garbage. Liftlift is the best adc on the fucking server and he still gets dumpstered by noname retard maokai mains.

Fuck you faggot. Don't come back.
Because if you're laning vs anyone who's gold+ you're useless in lane ... Lucky to farm well if not get smashed into the ground.

I've been diamond on Anivia for 4 seasons lol she's never been in a worse state than she is now.
There have been multiple diamond+ anivia mains that have said the nerfs were overboard..lol.  Clearly Riot's bronze balance team knows better, especially when Anivia is barely EVER picked in competitive...
"Hard champ to balance."
What a crock of shit.  Anivia has almost never seen much competitive play.  She has the lowest base hp in the game combined with the lowest base movement speed in the game. As of right now, she's complete and utter garbage.

Hard to balance my ass.  They took someone who was average to above average, and Olaf'd her.
He's not allowed to monetize his stream as an employee of Riot
Games.  If you've ever watched Krepo's stream he says the same thing.

Hence no donate button, no sub button, etc.
I wanna game there...
Wtf I'm from Fort McMurray..is this near timberlea??
You're a fucking idiot. Snowden tried going through the proper channels..that shit doesn't Work, they tell you to sit down and shut up. People like you ignorant as fuck..
You're an idiot 

You're an idiot..he makes a real point and you just make some childish bullshit. People like you are straight cancer.
How many other  countries have a population and land area equivalent to the USA? Hint, there is no other country like it. The USA is a unique situation that makes it very difficult to make healthcare widely available for everyone. People much smarter than you or I have failed to come up with something adequate.

Canada has literally 1/10th the population of the USA. It's infinitely easier to provide global health care there. Fuck sakes the population of Canada is equivalent to the population of California. Fuck off with your garbage ass logic.
You're a retard. Do you realize how hard it is to.givr universal health care for 320 million people? No, you're just another fucking libtard, convinced his way is the only way.
Idk where you live, but my mother makes six figures as a nurse in Alberta. She gets paid very well, though the job is very demanding.
I don't think it's unfair at all. Parthenon just replicated his domestic success with almost no coaching experience whatsoever, he was just the background analyst. The fact  that locodoco is still allowed to coach professional players boggles my mind.
Bullshit..you just fucked a fatty.
What an awful reason to stick with a sub standard laptop.  I do love iPhones though.
Birth control isn't the only method of contraception.. there are condoms, there is spermicide, fuck you can even track your menstrual period and refrain from sex 5 days before and 2 days after ovulation.

A 20 year old girl with 4 children made multiple mistakes along the way, it isn't the fucking insurance companies problem to cover her mistakes for her.  Grow the fuck up and welcome to the real world.
Go back to Tumblr you useless sack of shit.
You're a fucking idiot.
No, the red pill is more like me saying every  girl is a dirty whore who deserves and wants to be raped. Saying the legal system clearly favours women in regards to this particular issue is just straight up fact. Stop being so ignorant...
Nah, "equality" only works if it benefits the woman. Shit like this is why stuff like the MRA is gaining traction.
Hoyce Gracie was a once in a generation level talent. Using him as an example is a bullshit joke.
Keep gobbling that corporate cock buddy. I like how you haven't once defended the point I made. 
Depends where you are. If you've ever been to Alberta, trades people are in high demand and companies willing to shell out top dollar.
Sad.. You're dumb as fuck and don't even realize it. Apple fanboys...
Lol. If I'm at home, I can use a quality wired headset to listen to music. If I had the 7, and leave the house, suddenly I can't use that headset without compromising audio quality with the stupid dongle.
Idiots like you are why apple can keep doing fucking retarded shit and you gobble their balls like it's your lifeline. Shit is pathetic. Learn to think critically and not just eat up whatever apple throws at you. There's no acceptable reason to not include the 3.5mm jack.
Yeah, removing a 3.5mm jack so I can't use my normal headphones/earphones really is "doing it better."

It will be a cold day in hell before I use wireless garbage.  Wired is always better for music quality.
Pathetic cuck
Ah, you're both continuing the effort to devalue the word "genius" until it doesn't mean anything..Valiant effort.
Fried or fertilized?
Wow you really are pathetic huh.
Is that some sort of joke lmao..dota 2 us well behind league in almost every metric.
Merry Christmas.
People like you are absolutely pathetic.  
All I ever hear from Muslims is how the news is wrong and they have a religion of peace. It's all trash.
Shhh you need to go back to Tumblr.
Fuck you and fuck Islam 
You are literally dumb as fucking shit. Please don't reproduce.  Whenever I hear "Can't be racist" against any group, I already know that person is fucking retarded.
Cuz he's a doctor and he's fine..and I'm a straight guy, I think.
Hi, I'm just looking for someone to help me trade evolve my Kadabra, and any breedject Popplios they may have (Timid or Modest)  Thanks in advance!
Found the keyboard fatty choking on cheetos, everyone.
Oh okay sorry then. 
You honestly think someone who's gone through medical school and a residency specializing in anesthesiology is comparable to someone who has only done nursing? No one cares until there's a crisis and you NEED the anesthesiologist.. By then it's too late and the patient is dead. 
Damn I suck huh.
Nah the HIV virus ( which has replicated a ton of times in full blown AIDS) binds to CD4 Helper T Cells, which are a special type of white blood cell, part of your immune system. It renders them useless and eventually causes their death, hijacking the WBCs own replication system to further proliferate. This in turn destroys you immune system..allowing a virus which would normally just give you the common cold to then give you a much more serious ( even life threatening) illness.  Brutal  disease...
Jesus you're fucking retarded.
I work in healthcare and I've seen this firsthand. I'm so sorry you have to deal with this bullshit.. One of my best friends is a male nurse and seeing the garbage he has to deal with is fucking disgusting.
Couldn't have said it better myself. Great things to increase morale. But man do sjws make me want to hate minorities. ( and I'M a minority.)
Found the retard!
You're completely fucking retarded. Comparing  a nurse anaesthetist and a real anesthesiologist is an absolute joke.
Yeah OP just sounds like a fucking douchebag.  You don't deserve to know about the physicians mistakes because you don't know what being a physician is like.  Fuck off.
Why should the guy have to pay if it's not a date? Where's all that new age feminism and equality bullshit now? Or is that only in effect when in benefits the woman.
That's rich. I've worked as a lifeguard and although I've never experienced anything like that, I feel like people get dumber when they spend time in chlorine.
Garbage theory. The common cold is caused by literally hundreds of different types of viruses which can all mutate, causing even more virulent combinations. That's why there's no cure. Also if someone cured baldness they would be Richland not care about the other companies.
Try red arrow 
Feels like I'm flying first class 
It's fucking amazing.
How about when she bashes league of legends characters for being overly sexual, then precisely picks the one sexualized character ( one of the few if the many she could have picked, Ahri) where it is precisely written in her lore that she is a temptress. She clearly doesn't do her research. It's pathetic. There was like 10 others she could have chosen that would fit the argument perfectly. 
Fuck you. people who claim racism when these idiots are cheating the system are the worst kind of liberal trash.
Wickd is shit at the game. It's an apt comparison. Seasons upon seasons of getting carried by froggen.
He drew bans on irelia because he was straight garbage on every other champion. This guy is a joke of a pro player, the definition of an otp. I have no idea why people hype him so much. 
What a joke
You just made me sad to be a Canadian.
Yes, generalize an entire subreddit, then claim that this subreddit is will give fair and accurate results.

People like you are so fucking deluded it baffles my mind.
Comcast is trash. I assume anyone who actually likes their service is a paid shill these days. 
Idk why you're being downvoted, you contributed a worthwhile venture for someone who needs money. People gonna cheat, might as well profit off of it. 
Statistics are skewed and misleading all the time. I've had to analyze medical studies all the time and every professor I've ever had told me to never ever take one study about any kind of topic seriously. You need a meta analysis of multiple studies each able to independently re create the results before something can be accepted. The fact that you accept this study on its own casts doubts onto whatever your opinion is. 
And? This is only one article.. Who knows if it's actually trustworthy or not. 
Too bad the popular vote counts for absolutely nothing... 
Plenty of license plates in USA and Canada could imprint.. Lol. 
No way! Both sides have merits! Crazy world.. Thats why I hate when pcmr talks down to console users.. I use and love both. 
Any top club in Vegas or Atlantic City or Miami is like that. Just a reality guys deal with. 
Sad people still propagate this bs. Everything is plagiarism at this point. Very little creative material is entirely unique, if at all. 
LOL another person who's never been in a club. Dude go out to any decent nightclubs and it literally happens every night. I'm not even talking about how hot girls get in clubs with priority / for free while guys pay like 80 dollar cover fees. (for the top most popular clubs) you legit have no idea what you're talking about. 
God don't have kids. Idiots like you need to be fucking sterilized. 
Good thing no one gives a fuck about your opinion. 
What a joke. There a multiple reasons black people dominate running, and it's not all because they have are celebrated back home. Black people dominate multiple sports, including football. (American) 
Still more accurate than CNN. 
Wow. 
I had no idea, it seems unlikely they'd put a prescription strength medication in Doritos. But ya never know. 
Fenfen was taken off the market because of a high mortality rate. 
Google Orlistat. The medication has been available for a long time. Ezetimibe is the same thing for cholesterol. Acarbose and miglitol are the same thing for sugar. All the aforementioned medications inhibit the absorption of substances. ( fat, cholesterol, sugar, in that order.) 
I upvoted simply because you're the only poster I've seen in forever post that weirdass emote thing properly. 
The s7 edge has pretty amazing battery life comparable to the rest of the market. 
Cassette tapes.. Thats a term I haven't heard in a while. 
That's actually a good thing. He's obviously attracted to you, but cared enough about you to not give you the problem. 
>I use a Mac, so I upgraded from all that a whole while ago :>

LOL MAC AND UPGRADED IN THE SAME SENTENCE. Thanks for that joke just made my day. 
I thought it was pumpkin spiced lattes? I'm so out of the loop.. 
Care to give some examples? This sort of thing always fascinates me. 
That was only in the seventh book, after Voldemort and the Death Eaters had taken over the Ministry of Magic and seized total control. Up until that point, his name had no power. People were just scared of saying it, which of course increased the fear it induced when it was actually heard. 
It's just garbage that people use to try to be politically correct. I have a few black friends and they just want to be referred to as black... 
There's no way this wasn't scripted. Even if you have insight into the industry, this company may do things differently than yours did. 
You're being downvoted not for the content of your message, (which I agree with) but the condescending tone with which you refer to "Americans". I'm Canadian so I don't really care but Whatsapp is still quite prevalent here and in America. 
I have an iPhone 6s+. Lol. 
LOL. Uber is one of the best things to ever happen to public transport. 
Are you really that stupid.. There is more space to fit tech in a bigger phone. 
God people like you are as bad as the trolls who hate on Apple day to day. Open your fucking eyes and realize Apple is shitting on your chest and you smile as you take it.. 
No it doesn't.. Hot girls basically have a lineup of guys waiting to buy them drinks at any club.. You must not get out much. 
PJSalt. Why are there so many salty people on this subreddit. 
I completely agree with you. Just wanted to give you a heads up. Eu customers get the short end of the stick. 
Euro is basically the same as USD now and dropping.. Soon you're gonna be paying way more. 
Jesus Christ I hope you are trolling and not as stupid as you make yourself out to be. If.you are that stupid, please do not procreate. 
How can you call people tin foil hats, when it's been definitively proven the government spies on us. Shit is insane. 
Being child free would have way more of an impact then becoming vegan. Lol. 
Obama and Trudeau come to mind.. Both had gaggles of women after them. 
Well if you googled each word you can easily see that you're wrong. Lol. 