I enjoy the new palms theatre. 

Even the up close seats aren’t bad with how far their seats recline. 


Since getting MoviePass I’ve become a lot less picky though. 
Narwhal is just so damn fluid and snappy. 

It also really works well with the gestures of the X, and the fact it has a pitch black mode makes the OLED screen really work well. 
I live here. 

It’s a city of several hundred thousand/ a few million if you count the valley.  Outside of the strip it’s your typical suburbia with a few caveats of grocery stores never closing. 

It’s comparable to some place like riverside CA out in sunmerlin, on the west side of Vegas, where I’ve lived most of my time since moving here 6 years ago. 
I love my airport, and i'm largely a PC guy when it comes to desktop hardware. 

That thing outclasses every other sub-300 dollar router that I've used. 

Plus, the fact that i've been using the same app to work with it for years is just a huge benefit. Sad to see the line go, but i'm sure my household will run mine until it dies. 
You always have the best looking shit. 
No idea. 

I went to swap my batteries around a week ago and the hinge snapped. I’ve never had a mod break on me, and I’ve dropped a few. 

Was able to shove it back in, but I now use it at my desk full time and charge with via micro usb. Sent them an email a week or two ago and got no response. 🤷🏻‍♂️

Kind of a bummer since it’s by far my most expensive and favorite feeling mod. 
No issues there. 

My battery door hinge did snap off though. That was really frustrating. 
Looks tacky as hell to me. 

Would've loved a glossy red one, though. 
Confirmed
PMing
I mean yeah. Generally you do. You speed up straight and then bank right into the turn. You just kick the bike over and it goes. Even at a 90 degree intersection turn, I don’t use my handlebars. 
Fuck this bot. 
I'd rather have snarky cynicism based in reality over whatever the fuck dance-around-the-truth shit you're suggesting as an alternative. 

>fuck off and post somewhere else. 

sounds like a great plan for those who don't have thick enough skin to read a goddamn message board. 
You don’t turn on a motorcycle by turning the handlebars except at near walking speeds. 

Most of it’s done by weight, and a small portion is counter steering. 
The dude lives. 
He still hasn’t replied, but I read a lot of the same. The lack of a definitive answer when it comes to nicotine consumption is kinda crazy to me. 

Hopefully I wake up to a hungover retard in a few hours. 

Edit: and thank you for your time my man. 
This seems like a huge red flag to me, but all you can do is disclose it and explain you were younger. 
Just be prepared for the usual poly jerk around with the feds. They did the whole typical spiel of leaving the room and the hour of interrogation afterwards. 

The local one was a much more grounded experience, he told me I passed with flying colors, and even showed me the data afterwards. 

Tbh I think a lot of it is who you get and what their attitude is. Don’t let my bad experience fuck with your head. 
I failed the fed poly and passed the local PD poly. 

YMMV. 
I would guess electrical. 

Either pony up for a dealer check (they can tell you pretty damn fast) or get your bike manual and a multimeter and get to work. 

Most blinkers are LED's these days. 
She has 9K subs as of right now. 

Not exactly "popular" as the article describes. I don't use Instagram though. 
This is pornography. 
There's some wiggle room, but you'll find that the wider tire you go, the worse your bike corners. 

In most cases, the OEM fitment is largely the best. I get what you're going for though, i stepped up slightly wider for my Las Vegas-Seattle ride through the mountains.
This looks OEM. Nice job dude. 
How in the mother of fuck can anyone in good conscious charge 1700 a year for a goddamn SV650. Jesus Christ.  
I was insuring a Panigale in downtown Seattle (live in Seattle and commute to bellevue) for 152 a month last year. I'm a 26 year old dude with no tickets though. Your age will fuck you. IMO at 300 bucks a month, don't opt for insurance. But shop it around as well. Don't just go with Geico because they're the cheapest with your car or whatever. Just keep in mind that if you finance a bike, you WILL have to have insurance in Washington. But yeah, anything over 20 bucks a month seems ludicrous to me for a 300, they're slow as dogs, it's just the new people buying them and totaling them like mad. 

I ride with min's on my Monster down here in Las Vegas now and its 75/Yr, and Vegas is one of the most expensive places to insure anything on the West coast. 
Mine has certainly gone to shit on my 6SPlus at work despite it being the same locale that it was at before.. 

Like... It was working fine at like 15mbps last week in this same spot, and was refusing to load reddit earlier today. 

Weird as hell. 
Ive done this with a 120ML bottle. 


It fucking sucks. 

It got all over my desk, not on my face, so it wasn't as bad as yours, but i was still out about 20 dollars at the time and pretty butthurt about it. 
I am consistently disappointed with their flavor.. but they are cheap AF and I always end up ordering a few bottles.

They arrive here fairly timely but yeah, not the best juice in the world IMO. 
If you're still looking, eightvape has the 5ml expansion glass in stock. 
Downvotes because you're questioning the community on the viability and distinctness of mesh in vaping. The best example of how mesh stands out from the crowd is currently in the fireluke mesh. 

I get better flavor from one than I do from my squonk. 
I have tried the watermelon lemon twist, went through 120ML in a week. It was amazing. 
Purchased Therion 166 and Red's Apple juice from /u/ecooke37
I do yeah haha. 

I spent legit like 30 dollars in RP (atleast) accidentally that day. 


I’m not a fan of what you bought, but everything is “fine”. :)
Can confirm. Every coil I’ve switched looks like this, but they all tasted fine. 

Kinda strange. 
Same hahahahaha. I accidentally bought all of the icons that season. 

Best accidental purchase of my life. Lemondogs/Dig/Vulcan Throwbargains. Memes for days. 
They announced it years ago, and said they were “expanding” it ever since then. 

I know no one who has it irl. I’d hang onto that with my cold dead hands. 
Century Link’s gigabit service is hella limited in where it’s at. 

Otherwise I would. Our cox bill is well over twice what your CentLink bill is. 
Holy shit. 

How have you gone through six glass pieces? 
Las Vegas checking in. 

Winter just means the Ducati heat feels better on my legs. I ride year round tho. 

<3
I still listen to [this](https://youtu.be/Oum-FlcpW6I) occasionally in champion select for old times sake. 
He’s been on my friends list for years. 

Inactive on his main “azingy” too. 

Every once in awhile I’ll check his profile, but nothing. :( 
These are both sweet bikes, I’ve ridden and loved both. 

But they’re so different once you get on them. You really need to ride each and decide which one fits you. 

As far as other suggestions go, I’m a Ducati guy, I love the rumble and the spank of the torque and low end. The 676 *feels* like the faster bike though.

So ymmv. 
Can speak for Vegas and the SoCal/Riverside area, it’s not something that’s enforced, ever. 


It’s time to stop, friend. 

Maybe the helmets are bad luck. 
60W is my happy space with the fireluke mesh. Can’t imagine it tasting good at 100W plus. 
I want that Baja blast in and around my taste buds. 
Everyone has a fancy answer, I just dig Heineken. 
It does not affect frame rate. Take my opinion with a grain of salt, as I’ve had loooong arguments about this in the past, but modern TN panels are nearly as good as IPS. 

You do lose some “pop” and image saturation, but you gain a uniformity that most IPS panels don’t have (backlight bleed and IPS glow are still problems for IPS panels) and you gain a grainy sort of “speed” to most TN panels. 

I prefer VA over IPS and TN, but prefer TN for its speed and uniformity, especially modern day TN. 

There are hundreds of thousands of people who disagree with me on this, however. I can only state that I own monitors of all types, and have strong opinions here just because of years of monitor enthusiasm. 

If you want more “pop” to your image, a 1440P 144Hz IPS panel may be for you. 

Particularly if your older 27 1080p monitor is older, it’s most likely a TFT/TN panel of some sort. 
The difference between 4ms and 1ms monitors is not really perceivable. Don’t stress that aspect. 

However, the difference between 60hz and above is enourmous to your average gamer. Literally life changing if you spend any amount of time doing it. 

Depending on what games you’re playing, you won’t see a huge benefit of 240hz from your 970, id suggest getting a 144Hz 1440p panel, at 27 inches. This will keep your same form factor your comfortable with, you will see immediate benefits in both resolution and refresh rate, and will grow with your new GPU, whenever that upgrade comes. 

Don’t worry too much about g sync or anything like that. It’s not as huge at higher refresh rates. 


The one thing I would warn against, would be a 4K panel, solely for the frame rate hit you’ll take. I’m a big preacher of high refresh rate. Once you try it, you won’t go back, even if all you do is browse the web and play league of legends. 
He's rich. Waaaaaaaay rich. I'd be surprised if he doesn't have 10 million plus at this point. 
Why not use the paranormal at work? 

I take mine, but i don't exactly work in construction. 
Less than 100ML and you're gucci. 

Keep it in your carry on. I do flights from Vegas-CA often. 
"gets good cash" might be the biggest understatement ever. 
Wow. Excellent job man. You make one classy theme. Will update it tonight for sure. =] Thanks for the heads up. 
PM'd 
Loving it. 

It’s absolutely built well, and I’ve nodded my DNA screen a few times already. It’s remarkably heavy, but I think I could use it as a weapon in a pinch. 

Overall, highest quality piece of vape kit I’ve ever owned. 
I have 70k BE. 

how does one gift this over? 

I’ll shoot an inv over tonight. You totally deserve it 
Yeah. I’ve gone through 3 coils, 2 out of 3 required me to run a full tank of juice through before the flavor kicked in. 

Before that I had almost convinced myself that the coil was a dud or I burnt it. 

I soak cotton, fill the tank, and let it sit overnight when I switch coils out though. It’s a longer process but it helps the break in IMO. 
You’re a cool motherfucker. 

You should 100% change your name to some variant of TidePod22. I hella enjoyed watching the stream. 
We switched to it. It’s good. 988 down, 30 up. 

We also pay the extra 50 a month for unlimited, since our house uses about 6TB a month lately. 

I can’t complain. Cox’s CS seems to be seriously sucking dick lately though. They’re a pain in my ass. 
Thank you. And I appreciate your answering my questions. Really why this community is great. 
Seconded. 

Just got one a few days ago and it’s the best built mod I’ve owned. 
Older Siegeli J150 internal battery mod and a Tobeco Super tank mini. 


Got me off smoking for good, and they’re both unkillable. 

Cheap af and reliable as shit. The Honda Civic of my vape life. 

Also the Sigelei 150 temp control mod before that, and the fuchai 200. Both ended up dying on me eventually, but they were worth their weight in gold by the time they did. 
Same! It’s a heavy son of a bitch but man it’s just *comfy*
Derp. 

So I really should’ve opted for the higher MAH batteries. 

I thought that being in parallel I needed to get all of my amperage from basically 1 battery, and that I would need atleast a 25A continuous battery for that. 

Fml. >_> a lesson learned. 
Ah come on now don’t loop us in with this cunt. 
Snow wolf 235 plus for a dual battery regulated glossy gold. 

It’s the tits for flashy matchy. 
But in series though? 

That's what im worried about. 

I ended up ordering a 4 set of Sony VTC5A's anyway, just in case. Less MAH, but i'll carry a set in my jacket to work. 
Time to find a new employer my dude. 
[Recently upgraded to the Paranormal DNA75C. I’ve embraced my spooky side.  ](https://i.imgur.com/Dw2tU13.jpg)
>hand out checks 


What is this, 2003. 
I have the mesh, have owned a crown 3, and gave it to my GF after I got the mesh. The crown 3 is my solid go to, but the mesh just took that spot last month. 

The mesh is really fucking good for flavor. The airflow is loud af, and slightly more closed off than I would want it, but it’s a good overall 65W tank. I can’t really find any faults with it other than the 3ML capacity. 

Needs to be bigger though, it definitely chugs what’s in there pretty quick. 

My brother has the Valyrian and picked it up two days ago. It’s a great tank, the flavor was on point, but 100W juice burning isn’t my style. 
Damn. 

Tortoise blood is by far my favorite juice, but what a cunt of a company response. 
So i've got a DNA 75C in the mail on it's way to me, and i'd like to get a new set of batteries for it. 

It appears it runs in parallel, but i normally run at ~70W with my fireluke mesh. 

Would a set of HG2's do the trick for me? Since the amperage isn't doubled, i thought they may not be enough. Should i maybe go for something with a lower MAH rating and higher wattage? 

And if someone is just farting around with a Paranormal 75c, Just let me know what set of batteries to get, i've been fretting over it for a few days here on google. 
Like his dieting efforts. 

FPH was a great place. 
Northland is the shit. I’m glad to hear you’re stoked by their service. 

I love their blu-Razz. 

Just waiting for another 9.99 sale so I can stock up on that sweet ADV goodness. 
Jfc those prices. 

Get a Voopoo drag and a crown 3 online for less than each of those. 
I remember that feeling of getting by without smoking, and not missing it.

Congratulations dude. 
Fun fact i discovered the other day. Did you know the guy who says "Yarp" in Hot Fuzz is actually The Hound in Game of Thrones? 

Shit's lit yo. 

Anyway, carry on with your day VladDad. <3
Looks safe to me. 
I’m from Seattle.  

Locals don’t use umbrellas, tourists do. 

We take that shit seriously. 
FOR WHAT SO PROOOUDLY WE INHALE

IN THE FOG MISTS LAST WEENING

WHOS BROAD OHMS AND BRIGHT COILS

THROUGH THE PERILOUS WRAPS

OH THE DANKNESS WE EXHALED

WAS SO VALIANTLY BILLOWING

AND THE CLAPTONS RED GLARE

THE SMOKS BURSTING IN HAND

GAVE PROOF TO THE CROWD

THAT OUR VAPE WAS STILL THERE

OH SAY DOES THAT VOOPOO DRAG

MOD HAVE TTTTCCCCCCCCC

O'ER THE LAAAND OF THE CLOUDS

AND THE HOME
OF THE
RDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA's.
Pretty sure thats the Lost Vape Paranormal 166. 
Crown 3 mini with bubble glass? 
Best all around bang for your buck is the voopoo drag IMO. 

Built like a tank and the mod itself is easy to use. 
Fucking over the top exposition. 

Deliver it to me in some other way, if five minutes of your movie consists of "oh Dave will know how to do that, he is lowkey the best cryptographer in the world, his books have sold millions!" 

and Dave is just sitting there in the room. 

Fuck me man, write better you lazy hacks. 
Its part of their maintenance.. 

Thought i'd be able to finish my game, but alas. 
I use it fairly often as well. 
Yeah dude. 

I've gone through 3 of them from being lost or taken by friends and adopted. 

They're amazing. Hard as fuck to find now though. 
I was born and raised in Chelan. 

I love that drive dude =] 
BUT CAN YOU DO THI-
I think most people would rather see Regi cultivate NA talent and stick to a roster rather than import another mediocre (by western team standards) midlaner. 

I think Bjergsen is still better than most NA midlaners, though, he is less impactful game to game than someone like Fenix or Jensen IMO. 
Fml. 

I’m actively using a g priv 2. 
Better than Reapers? 


Shit dude. I can't jive with that. 
When I forget to charge or don’t want to deal with my Sena, I use my airpods. They’re helmet friendly af, and sound way better than the Sena. 

The only problem is when I take my Rf1200 off, they stay in the helmet and not in my ears. 
Reflective tape. 

Neon yellow and red type of shit. 

Alternatively just take the cover off and stop babying the damn thing. 
People who snowboard rarely think the epitome of what the sport has to offer is in the half pipe anyway. 


Shaun white is the media poster boy because most people don’t ride, snowboarding isn’t a competition to most of us that actually do. 
/r/iamverysmart your new champion teenager. 
I was just dying from laughter due to the ten minutes of comedy from the announce teams. 

Idk how i missed all that shit talking they through at Booker T. 
That’s a beautiful ride for under a grand dude. 


I love the headlight too. Classy af. 
Tbh i vape heavily sweetened juice in mine and it’s still slaying my super tank for flavor a week and half into the first coil. 


These things are awesome. 
>ibud 


Fuck me man really? 
I bet that radiator is downright cozy in that room. 
>new 144hz monitor.
>game capped at 60FPS due to shit tier engine. 
I would advise against buying anything brand new. 

The 650 has a large used market. Go from there and find something. They're reliable as fuck and you can always get something shiny down the line later in case you mess up and drop your new thing. 
Just an offer boo. 
I live in Vegas. 

You’re not wrong. 

I voted for Bernie. 
Tbh my 3 way left a bad taste in my mouth. Someone was always kind of “left out” if I wasn’t engaged in PIV, and I had a clear favorite between the two. 

I wouldn’t do a four way with people I care about, nor a 3 way ever again I think. 
I am not chad. I am an average looking dude tbh, and I sink most of my money into computers and motorcycles. You can find pictures of me in past posts, I think. 

I am happy to FaceTime you or something if you need to chat about things, or if you think I’m some neckbeard lying about having sex on the internet. 
Tfw /r9k/ is my shithole. 
100% truthful. 
https://i.imgur.com/jELABEW.jpg 


I imagine most people in their late twenties (my age) would probably have the same. 

I’m nowhere near genetic chad, btw. 
You are such a goddamn annoyance. 


Cease breathing. 
I’d be really interested to see the demographics here. 


This is by far the most fascinating place on Reddit IMO 
Get out. 


Went in without a clue of even the genre. Was mildly drunk from hanging in the casino with old friends. 

Left amazed. Probably one of the best movies I’ve seen in the past few years. 
Soy as fuck. 
No it's not. Hell no. 

I don't mean to meme but showed and scrub the hell out of your face atleast every other day for a month or so and it will help significantly. 
Your skin has issues, sort that shit out.  But no, your nose doesn't stand out whatsoever. 
>I've found hope to be harmful

That's the sad thing. I understand how you feel. I remember being in my late teens to early twenties and feeling the same way. The only thing that turned that around was forcing myself to change. I was never incel though. I hope things do get better for you and many other people here. It's hard when you're in a hierarchical environment everyday though. Regardless of whether its a job or a school situation. 

It would be nice if your everyday guy had more social outlets to express themselves in, outside of here and R9K. 
I think he's mainly saying that by staying here and reading this everyday that you end up applying to to every facet of your life. That's the only dangerous thing IMO. A lot of incels have more hope than they think, some of you don't, but that's okay too. 

Incels have alot to say that is correct that wouldn't be even allowed to be heard in most social settings or forums. Even reddit has stifled discussion on it. That's whack as fuck to me. 

I don't know why people come here and shit-talk incels all day long on every post though. It's baffling. 
Thanks dude. =] 
https://i.imgur.com/RyvjxV1.jpg 


Smok G Priv 2 with a Freemax Fireluke Mesh

This fucking coil won’t die, the flavor is amazing. 
Because it’s not really content. 

It’s a joke baby boomers tell over a cigarette. 
You won’t find local on the strip really. 

If you have a car, In n out is across the freeway. I prefer Canes, which is about 100 yards further down the road, just west on Tropicana from Excalibur. 

If you’re limiting yourself to Excalibur itself, Baja Fresh has tacos and burritos 24 hours a day in the casino. 
It’s pretty cringeworthy tbh. 

It’s a minor annoyance though, I’d just hate our city to seem so prideful. The more we focus on “getting strong after a shooting” the more power we give to people who shoot up places in the first place. 

We live in a city of a million plus. The fact that one dude killed less than a hundred shouldn’t phase us, let alone cause us to claim moral superiority because we’re “strong”. 

I don’t get it. 
/r/johncena has all the context you need. 
I just got back from Gillette. 

Man what a fucking game. My throat hurts from screaming. What an experience. Love all you fuckers. 
Username doesn’t check out. 
My dad just surprised me with tickets to this game and a plane ticket out of Vegas to go explore Boston from Thursday til Monday. 


I’ve never even been to a patriots game before. I’ve never been to Boston before. I’ve never been to an NFL game before. 

I know as a Vegas local I’m going to freeze my ass off but I am so hyped to see the GOAT. 
I again can’t speak for every department, but the amount of weapons training we undergo far surpasses most CCW class. 

However, in my experience, when shit hits the fan, all training tends to go out the window. You’re relying on instincts. Now you can train your instincts to a certain extent. Do most officers do this? I’d err on the side of no. 

When gunshots in particular are happening, most people, trained or otherwise, go into fight or flight. There is little you can do around that without some type of daily exposure training. 

There’s an argument to be made to unarm LEO’s as well. But gun culture is so heavily ingrained into the American psyche, you’d never see a department relinquish weapons when so many private citizens have them. 
I’d hate to belittle your argument. 

You have a lot to say here and a lot of excellent points. 

Arizona is a downright outlier in terms of police protection. I can tell you that if something of this magnitude happened in my department, the case would go as far as IA and there would be DIRE consequences. 

I understand your frustration with the vague definition given by the Supreme Court, but their hands are tied, largely. In America, most departments believe to police effectively you have to hold yourself to a higher standard. Arizona seems to operate on a near reciprocal level of force, which is.. to put it gently, ass fucking backwards. 

I will not argue that there are many many many police officers who are no longer sufficiently trained. Or that many walking the streets of your hometown do not have these same errors in judgement. I can only tell you from my own experiences, that in many cases in which weapons are drawn in these videos, things could have been cooled with verbal judo, de-escalation is a sorely underutilized technique in many departments. 

I will continue to learn moving forward, and I appreciate these comments a lot. I know I am being lambasted on here (RIP INBOX), but I think we share a common image of what things could or should be. 
Yes. There are absolutely consequences in my department. 

I can’t speak for others. There is no golden standard. Which, don’t misinterpret me, there absolutely should be. 

Problems with policing in America can largely be attributed to local departments. Every single one has different policies. You won’t get the same treatment in some random small town in Wisconsin as you will from the NYPD. 

My inbox is blowing up with people telling me I am defending bad cops, or seem to think I am operating under the assumption that I know none. Neither is true. I just want to put it out there that the issue of dealing with LEO that has shot someone, is not white and black. 

I am for body cameras. If you believe your life is in danger, that is something that should be judged by your peers, as citizens. Too often these types of shootings are judged by fellow officers. Some are jaded, some don’t think as a normal person without a badge any longer. It stands to believe that any sane citizen would back an officer taking fire to return fire. It also stands to believe that this is not always the case. I’ve read terrible decisions made by Officers that pushed when they shouldn’t have. Body cameras are a way to increase accountability and public trust. Any officer who is against them (there are MANY) I do not understand. 


There needs to be re-education, and there needs to be a higher standard that LEO holds themselves to on a national level. This is easier said than done. 

I am sorry I have no concrete answers for you, and the rest of reddit. 


I always thought that job looked rad. 🤙🏼
I didn’t say that, but it goes a lot deeper in most departments than “I feared for my life”. 

I know people who were fired for using the wrong verbiage dealing with a guy who caved his wife’s face in. Being an officer is not protected class.. you seem to think every cop has an easy out. 

Trust me, they do not. The vast majority just want to help you. I work in a state that has legalized weed recreationally, and the only talks I’ve ever had about it over the past 5 years involve college kids not locking it down in public. 

I’ve put 0 people in cuffs for weed. 
I’ve shot and killed 0 people. 
I’ve feared for my life dozens of times. 
This is not true. 


Every officer in my department is wearing a body camera now. 
There are absolutely bad cops, but body cameras help weed them out pretty goddamn quick with IA. 

Most of us wouldn’t ever touch our weapons without something terrible popping off prior. 
I have one and DD it, alongside my motorcycles. 


It's a fun ride all around, but don't go into it expecting a late model accord or anything like that in terms of comfort, granted, mine is on custom coilovers, but it's a hell of a rough ride. 


That being said, I've never owned a car that is so willing to throw itself sideways into a corner with just a wee bit of clutch manipulation. It's a blast. It feels direct and connected to the road, and it has plenty of power, as far as a car goes. 

I find mine to be fairly practical. I have a girlfriend, and we both ride in it alongside a cart full of groceries from costco without issue. 

>Are they solidly built or rattling shitboxes?

Both, tbh. I don't feel like anything will ever break if maintenance is done, per being a japanese performance car... but man it rattles for sure. It's not a quiet ride. 
I cannot imagine anyone surviving on minimum wage. 

Boston is much more expensive, but probably not for the lowest common denominator. 

A 2br in a decent neighborhood here might run you 1100, vs 1600 or so in Boston (guessing) 

Your middle class has more buying power here than in Boston, but if you have 500 a month to spend, you won’t see a huge upgrade.  
[i love goooold](https://i.imgur.com/1NbHiAt.jpg)


But really, the super tank mini is my old steady bastard. 
PMing


It most certainly is. 
Zisworks is currently shipping a 4K 120hz panel. 

I don’t think he’s taking new orders, though. 
This is not the case with a select few panels. 
Jesus fuck I have this with cardboard. 
This is actually the term our security team here in Vegas uses when they walk someone out to the Blvd. 

It’s pretty accurate 
I don’t care what anyone else says. 

I enjoyed this. 
Why did you delete all of your other comments about homeschooling. 
Even with multiple social outlets, you arent developing a recurring bond everyday with the same people. Kids get together five days a week, for what, 8 hours a day? They learn together, and they see how eachother react to different things. This is what builds the social foundation. 

>enormous academic benefits that demonstrably help them later in life

I've touched on this, grades matter less and less moving forward with your life. Nobody cares who graduated when in the professional workplace. I work across the hall from a database engineer who started at 50. Nobody cares about academic performance beyond your twenties. 

>(iii) no ideological indoctrination

The implication that public school has a set ideology they are trying to push is exactly the type of paranoid delusion that i was talking about. That's not true. Your average high school is compromised of dozens of teachers, each with their own style. There is no set doctrine. The system is not out to get you. 


It absolutely is true, even as a generalization. While you may be ahead academically, you are years behind your peers in social cues in the most formative years of your life. 

They were always cringe level kids who weren't used to anything to do with other children. They didn't know how to react, had no real sense of when to and when not to talk. 

I think its fucking bonkers that having a kid two years ahead in math is a valid justification for cutting out their social game for the rest of their life, because they're being introduced to bullies and cliques for the first time in their life at sixteen years old. 

I won't even begin on the religion thing, but it's fucking strange that every kid who showed up, thought they were some champion from god holier than thou shit too. They were the type to browse /r/conspiracy IRL. 

I'm so far removed from children in my day to day life..and i still get triggered at the idea of some classless selfish parents homeschooling their kids because of whatever paranoid delusion they fall into. 
Speaking as someone who wasn't homeschooled, every kid that was, was socially awkward as fuck, largely didn't know how to react, and had no values in common with the average student at the time. 

They were immediately ostracized. 

There's no point in homeschooling your child. 
That’s definitely Excalibur. 

With Mandalay bat in the background. 


Excellent detail work on what looks to be the resort tower at Excalibur, OP. 
It is, but they also swab your arm with alcohol before a lethal injection, too. 
Holy shit that playlist name made me choke on my coffee during a lawyers PowerPoint. 
Zisworks is developing a panel expecting to ship in two weeks. 

It’s 4K 120hz. 
(394)
Some type of Harry Potter MMORPG. 

Made on the scale of unthinkable standards. Like several hundreds of GB of content, with a huge endgame post hogwarts. 

I want all the lore, all the spells, and i want JK rowling to give it the major thumbs up. 
Is there a book that goes along with the story of Arthas? I’ve always been so intrigued by it. 
Holy fuck stop shitposting your videos everywhere. 


For me, I clock out neither for lunch nor breaks, but I’m rarely in an office setting unless I’m collecting something for metro. 

I haven’t worked retail in ages, but I assumed nobody clocked out for lunch. 

So for me, I wouldn’t be able to break “company policy” during my lunch due to me being on the clock. Even if I was back on time. 
You clock out for breaks? 

A bit strange. 
How many absences do you allow your employees?
What part of this display is too good to be true? You linked to him mentioning free sync. 

It’s a 27 inch 1440p 144hz free sync panel. 


They’re very common. 
I literally got to sing at by side with Sal at the Secret coheed show in West Hollywood. He jumped in the crowd and threw his arm around me and we watched the guitarist play the solo. 


It was my favorite concert experience. 
Yep. That's a thing. 
>penigale

Jesus Christ dude. 

Blipping isn’t revving, and lane splitting is a thing here. Even if strange college kids like yourself enjoy riding your 125’s in silence over the pond. 
>teenagers like me. 

Fuckin what. 

You’re literally still in college. I’ve got years on you dude. 
Spoken like someone who’s never rode before. 

I blip the throttle to let people I’m coming through at a red light to split. I do it while riding behind you and you WILL hear me, my Panigale is throatier than Sasha Grey. 

If I didn’t pull the clutch and rev’d it would just wheelie or launch me forward with more thrust than a Ferrari due to the power/weight ratio.  
You’re a web developer making 30K. 

Fucking hell dude it’s time to re-think your current employment. I’ve had friends turn down anything less than 120k in the PNW and Southern California. 
That Trinitron is arguably worth more to an enthusiast than most ~50 inch 4K panels by price alone. 

They’re amazing for gaming. Some of the best hardware ever made. Particularly for retro. 
Where do I even begin with this movie. 

I don't normally type out comments about movies, much less on reddit, but I feel like I need to express myself. 

This movie is dull, not like, your father is watching an old western on the couch and you decided to sit down for 30 minutes and try and engage yourself in between the Viagra commercials dull, but somehow worse, because you're sitting in a theater wondering what the fuck happened with the budget. 

Every single character aside from Hercule is paper thin, i realize this is a contingency on the running time, but for fuck sake, this is Hollywood, i feel like we can cut the traveler numbers in half and develop someone worth watching, especially with this level of starpower. How the hell do you make Judi Dench into a literal crusty old bat who's largest character trait is her dog. The black character is essentially "the black character".

During the opening sequence in Istanbul, you're going to be greeted with what i can only describe as low-polygon CGI in between nonstop bouts of in your face exposition. The main character is the smartest and greatest person in the world at what he does, and the plot falls into his lap in the way that only an episode of house could rival. 

As far as the plot goes, you won't get your twist, you won't get that feeling that you're looking for when you walk into a mystery. There is no point in playing along, thus, there is no point to get invested into the plot, which rivals the side characters in terms of how little depth it's working with. 


The one good thing I can say about this movie from the get go and throughout is that whoever designed the costumes and some set pieces know's what they're doing. I wanted to become engrossed in the setting, but its a pretty picture at times with nothing else going on. 

For one of my most anticipated movies of the last 6 months, this has been an exercise in disappointment.
Very dull. 

I felt like I waited the entire movie for something to come, and then it never did. 

The beginning 30 minutes or so just screamed “exposition” at me, which is my biggest pet peeve. The 80’s version of Clue is a more compelling mystery, and it’s directed with less cringe level flair too. 
Ok there is so much wrong with this comment. 

Tesla’s don’t use traditional pixel cameras to detect surroundings, they use infrared lighthouses. That’s not something that is affected by color. 
What are the different ranks? 
It’s really super easy to get back in. Gold comes easier than ever before, and I’d wager you can probably get up to item level 890 or so without ever joining a guild or needing anyone else’s help. 

Wow is always what you make of it though, every expansion since TBC has been easier for newcomers to get into the game. 
What was this post? Looks like its been taken down. 
I know. I was just excited. =]

GL moderating today. 
Wait are we actually able to pre-order now and get the boost and everything? I thought that usually happened much closer to launch. 
So many people underestimate the cozy feeling of large monitors on this sub. 

I cannot feel engrossed on 3x24 inch panels. I feel like a goddamn hobbit. 

Good on you OP. 
Its been like this on every damn patch relax dude. 
VA is my personal favorite panel type. 

There are very few downsides. Take my opinion with a grain of salt though, because I tend to prefer TN panels over IPS 
Asking the real questions at the most confusing times. 
Its bumped my 7700k/980ti rig to a more stable 110 FPS rather than 100. 

Worth it, i'd say. 

Although i have noticed that if i have a youtube video playing on the side, the video will drop frames. which is irritating as fuck, as i usually have people sitting with me and watching the video and me while i play. 
What the hell texture settings are you playing at. That is some ugly shit my dude. 


Nice shooting though. 
PM me. 
>I didn't pay you for this game to watch you dump time and resources

Holy fuck this is meme level stupidity. 

Nobody cares about you and your $40.00 dude. They owe you nothing. 


They exist. Mostly from Korean manufacturers at the moment. Search 144hz and 1440p 32 on eBay and you’ll see them. 


There’s also the Samsung. Also not in the US as of yet from what I’ve seen. 
Most people are probably upgrading to high refresh rate at the same time as g sync; and giving g sync more credit than it deserves. 

Very few people before 3-4 years ago had anything over 60hz. I personally knew no one aside from myself. Now everyone I know requires it to even game. 


Griffs on Decatur that someone else mentioned has well over 20 tables. It’s a larger venue. They also have ladies nights and it’s now non smoking. 

It’s sounding like that could be an excellent fit for you. 
It’s not the g sync you noticed. It’s the lack of refresh rate. 

However, I still have an old Qnix around in my garage, it’s one of the overclockable models and I was able to hit a stable 120hz on it. Might be worth it for you to look into. 
The golden tiki in Spring Mountain is dark, and slightly foggy. 

Very Disney-Esque. 

Probably my favorite bar in Vegas. 
This is my fucking dad I swear. 

His giant ass BMW with saddlebags can outcorner my ducati as long as he’s riding it. 

I’m a grown ass man and that dude still puts me in my place in my late twenties. 
I fucking hate that guy so much. 

And i'm not quite sure why. 
Subtle. 
The fact that you were able to find four vehicles....I swear i'll go from Zharki to Milli and only find a single UAZ in squad mode. 

Nice execution though. 
THE BESSSSTT A MAN CAN GET
https://images.gr-assets.com/hostedimages/1449750345ra/17333626.gif
As a Vegas local watching Hockey for the first time.. 

Engelland is my city. 
I have had the most fun with a mistweaver monk. 

Especially leveling, it’s the most chill thing to do if you just want to do LFG to cap. Easy as all hell. 
Wat. 

Not the same dude. 
They don't have to leave the frame to be manipulated and replaced. 
I've seen these guys live before. 

This is like this for all of their shows. Its absolutely mental. 
PMing. 
PMing. 
Csgo would be just about perfect. 

You’ll notice most the difference in FPS games. 

Personally it’s worth it alone for the desktop experience difference for me. 
https://media.giphy.com/media/u5ANfLVooNVi8/giphy.gif
That's what he's insinuating, yes. 

I personally doubt that's true. Casino's were still rocking all day today with the same traffic flow as you'd expect on a Monday in September. 
Same. I'm here in Summerlin after working a double last night and this morning on the strip. If i fall asleep to a shitty promo i'm going to count that as a win. 
This dude is the fucking spirit of Las Vegas. 
The boulevard is closed from Mandalay Bay to Excalibur per metro at the moment. 

If you need to travel along the south side we’re currently advising guests and employees to use Frank Sinatra. 
Use the sidebar. 

Also a terrible time for this kind of post. We’re inundated with them daily. 
This is truly the dumbest shit. 
Might be. Stock for stock. But my 2600k was at 4GHZ, and I had DDR3 memory. 

All I know is it was well worth the upgrade. 
I just upgraded from a 2600K to a 7700K, went from averaging 50FPS to averaging 100. 

I did implement a 5GHZ overclock, but holy hell this game is smooth now. 
Several people have fallen. 3 have committed suicide via the Luxor railings and fallen into the interior atrium. 

I work with their security department fairly regularly. 

However, there is no gag order. 
I watched this when they played it for one of MGM’s security teams that I work with, they loved it, but it seemed so cringe to me. 
The spooky reddit kind. 

:) 

Nah I saw you posted in a thread a year and a half ago on the subreddit for it. You were frustrated that a release date hadn’t been announced and it was further delayed. 

I figured you may have forgotten and I’d brighten your day up. 
Not sure if you’re interested, 

But I have an AMH A399U, which is a 40” 4K, and I can deliver it from Las Vegas, and can add some cash if you wanted to trade for the ROG Swift. 
Cuphead is now released. :) 
Hmm. 

I pull a ~95 FPS average on my 7700K and 980ti. 

Everything maxed. 
Confirmed
Julian Smith? 
PM'd. 
Any prices? Might be interested. 
PM'd. 
The first time was when Ben was walking home from school and it was below freezing. 


Honestly I don't know. 

He's great. 
RUB IT THE FUCK IN LMAO. 

I LOVE FOOTBALL
I am so over cage matches. 
The last ring collapse was a work, correct? 

I didn't watch it, but that looks staged AF. 
They know we have no loyalty... Its all about what was mentioned last. 
Eh Chateau still has hip hop occasionally. 

Which I love, since LAX went the way of the dodo. Great service if you get a good table at chateau too. 
That's an accurate judgement. 

So is the location. 
It's super low. 

Might raise it up a bit. 

It's on Tein coilovers, has a full exhaust (not sure on the brand) and a set of Injen COI's. 

70k miles and I paid roughly 13k after tax. 
This has been the case with every car I've ever bought. Enthusiasts always pay more for manual in the long run :(
This match made it worth it 
I fucking love Samoa Joe... 

Seems like Brooklyn is marking for him. 
Goddamn. 

I can't even enjoy one match tonight. I hate coming back for PPV's. 
Crowd is still fucking dead. 

God Brooklyn sucks. 
Fucking wat. 
People from New York boo Boston on the regular. 
Japanese commentators currently the highlight of Summerslam for me so far. 
The torque on that RKO......
It's rooroo 
That was the goddamn highlight so far. 
This was pointless in the most disappointing of ways. 
Ok this is dope. 

Did not expect. 
Vince "big sweaty men" McMahon 
Two giant slow moving guys with no move sets lumber around while a small Italian man talks over the commentary. 

This is making the prior match with Naomi and Natalya look like a 4 star performance. 
This feels like a shoot promo, lmao. 
Man this is pretty terrible. Even for womens wrestling standards. 
When did this one fall bit start? 

Kinda cool. 
Out of curiosity, do you know of any other compatible 39 inch panels? 

There are no seikis available ANYWHERE. 

I've searched for ages after your announcement. 
Immersion. 

Gaming on 50 inches on my desk is much better than on my 1440p 27 inch panel. 

That being said, I bought both kits already. 
Just went in on the 28 inch panel and kit. 

The guy who's been developing this has been working on it for years over at Hardforum. You can see his process in the 50 inch Seiki thread. 

It's the real deal, and I encourage you all to support the guy. 
That's the fucking ticket. 

In kit form too, I love it. 

Dear manufacturers reading this, I'd gladly pay $1500 for this tomorrow. 
Yes. That is what you mean. 

You just don't know it. 
Yeah can confirm. 

I never used the lap belt. 
My first car had electric seat belts. 

Fuck those were awesome. 
I love the killers. But Brandon is no Matt vocally. 

Listen to this back to back with a live version of starlight and hear that range. 
Thirded? For crown and anchor. 

The one at spring mountain and Decatur is a good time. 
Can confirm. Been about 110 here in Vegas recently. 

Yeah yeah dry heat. 

It's still hot as hell. 
What about 350's D:
Vape Naysh Yall. 🌊
You certainly deal with a lot of shit. That's for sure. It takes a certain kind of person that likes or is good at dealing with extremely 408/drunk people. 

There is certainly job security here though. Vegas never stops and it's not going anywhere. 
I think our base pay in vegas for new officers is something like 15 an hour, but we still have trouble hiring them on (and keeping them). 

Casinos make security fun tbh, but I do more surveillance these days. 
You make jokes but we've fired a fairly new guard at one of our casinos in Vegas for doing this. 

I didn't want him on the floor. 
Light rails go plenty of places I want to go. I pay well over my fair share in taxes, and I'm more than happy and proud to do it, and I consult in California often. 

Nevada is no longer the Wild West of libertarianism. This is a tourist based economy on the west coast. People who think the government are evil, need to head to the ozark mountains. 

Ya live in Vegas, my guy. Sure. It's not seattle, but it isn't Nashville either. 

Kick yourself down a notch. 
High speed trains are a huge benefit IMO. 

More than happy to give my 10 percent. Was happy about it in Seattle and i'd be just as pleased to do it here. 

I'm not a huge fan of Californians in general, but Nevada could take several lessons. 

That being said, fuck Jeff Sessions. 
If I'm on my Panigale I'm gonna follow you and embarrass myself. 


I'd recommend something larger, just for the experience, 24 is always so small IRL too me these days. 

Definitely can recommend the faster refresh rate panel though, and this appears to be a decent price as well. 
I work on the strip, and when i walked in here, it was like the best looking damn Taco bell i've ever been to. 

That monitor wall was nifty too. They're gonna be commercial grade displays in the thousands, though. 
Damn dude. No-one wants to plan your vacation for you. 

You like clubs. You're every 20 something who drives here from LA.


Use the sidebar. 
There is one at Excalibur. Directly to the south side of the poker room in between the Sherwood bar and the poker room. 

Good luck. :)
We just show them the door at our property. No formal trespass. 

Thanks for the heads up though. :)
Mgm security and surveillance here. 

We don't 86 for weed, lol. 
Eh. Ours are 8 dollars plus whatever your fees are. 

Still ridiculous but people use them all day. 
You can just walk in and buy recreationally. No card other than an ID check required. 
This is complete BS. 

Next time you're at a roulette table, I implore you to ask your dealer. He will laugh at you. 
I work in surveillance and security in vegas, this story is a load of horseshit. 

Surveillance would be on that pit boss IMMEDIATELY. 

dealers want players to win, by the way. They're usually tipped generously and get name dropped in service scores much more when you win. But this story didn't happen. Not in vegas. 
I am. I average about 3TB a month at my house. 

10 hours of HD is a fucking joke and we'll be switching. 
Near snoqualmie? 

Looks cozy my dude. 
Can confirm. This is every guy our non flagship casino hires here in Vegas. 

Complete with 30 lb duty belt. 
UFO test will tell you. 


What a sassy little one you are. 
I have an ex named Edith. 

She was gorgeous and a sweetheart. Every time I met one after that I was disappointed. 
Have a solid group? I'm interested in giving this a go. =] 
I live and work in vegas. 

On the strip. 

In one of the biggest resorts in the world. 

And I work in security and surveillance. 

You're wrong. So wrong. 
Our law enforcement are issued them. 

I like em because I was trained on them. 
I get like 600 puffs at 100W on my 365 Snow-wolf. 

I hate the feeling of the material its made of, but i agree with you that the screen is great, and it put's my Lost Vape Triade's battery life to shame. 

Would recommend to anyone who doesn't mind a big effing device. 
The fuck is wrong with you're girl going into LE? 

It's a fun gig, and has legit made my days much better. The women in it are generally out of the 20 something girl mentality and are chill. 

Are you afraid of her meeting chad at the academy or something? 
Well im not gonna wax my own fucking chain. 

You think im some kind of hetero? 
Holy fuck I am calling them this next time i go in for service. 
Still have this? 
Unfortunately I bought them secondhand, and they won't take a replacement from me :( 
My M1060 cord has already completely failed. 

I absolutely loved these headphones, any ideas for a fix? Should i take them to an electrician and have them solder a better connection, or attempt a fix myself? I'm not great with this stuff at all. 

Any ideas or advice on a fix for these stupid MMCX connectors is much appreciated. 
The only way i've been able to adjust to 144hz downt to 60 is to be away from a computer for a week or two at a time. 

After that, it doesn't bother me at much. But yeah, i cannot do 4k60 and be cool with it with anything competitive. 

I have both 4k and 144hz panels and the 4k is almost always relegated to the side. 
Come to the track and see how well your Nissan versa tire fairs in the corners lmao. 

You're a goof. 
Ha. I'm a part of this facebook group too. I was chuckling my way through that comment section. 
You're gonna make five dollars off of me =] 
A replacement screen isn't going to be worth it with a panel this old. 

The LCD itself has been damaged, which is unfortunately like the most expensive part of the monitor itself. 
That one is donezo, i am afraid. 

Time to upgrade =D
http://i.imgur.com/EZGDGIW.jpg 

Maybe your GF will arrive before your phone. 

Edit: feel free to sue me for defamation. 
http://i.imgur.com/m3GCsJJ.png 

Sick! 
6 foot. 

899 Panigale. 

Can flat foot but usually throw just one leg down for comfort. 
We like cats. =] 

They're good people. And they also sometimes sleep on the seat overnight on my bike. 
From what i've heard the 144HZ 4K is being pushed back to Q4 2017, with production ramping up in late summer. 

Whether that window works for you, is another question entirely. 

I've also heard differently than screampunch, that the 144hz 4K Asus panel will retail at approximate 2,000. 
You dropped the bike after 2 miles. 

And then you stopped riding because you were spooked. Make sure your bike still runs (flush all the fluids) and then get back to the basics. If you dropped the bike that quickly, i'd strongly advise finding a buddy with more experience or taking that MSF course again. 
Holy fuck this is so cringe worthy in the manner its written that i cannot continue past your second passive aggressive bullet point. 
>popped the clutch and flew across the street into someone else's driveway.

>Ninja 250 


pick one. 

But seriously glad you're enjoying yourself. Remember to stay the fuck aware, the most dangerous thing out there is your aunt in her SUV. 
I am loving the fuck out of this game and the amount of content it has. 

My friends keep ripping into me for not jumping into league anymore with them, but I am having a blast with this. 

Games from EA and others like them are taken to task with good reason, but this ones been a real enjoyable ride, and despite what critics say, I've been getting just as much enjoyment out of this one as the trilogy.  


I do wish the Ryder models were better, though. 
Yes. A non iPhone user would receive texts, just like any android to android user. Unfortunately T-Mobile doesn't have anything on the level of iMessage, I'm also a T-Mobile customer and can safely say it doesn't compete. 
This was the best thing to rock on my one hour commute this morning. 

Woke the fuck up during DNA. 

Goddamn Kendrick you're filthy. 
I'm biased? 

Lol. 

I've had just about every major flagship under the sun for the last 5 years. I prefer android but iMessage is vastly superior to anything offered on android. 

I'm sorry it ruined your "text limit" or whatever but that doesn't change the fact it's using vastly superior technology to SMS. 


Also, I haven't been on 2G for years. Which also doesn't effect the delivery time of a standard SMS, so hush kiddo. You're mistaken. 
iMessage is instant delivery if you both have iPhones. 

Unlike android, pictures and videos are also sent at full quality. 

Switching back to regular SMS from iMessage is truly going to be the worst part of this change, as everyone I know has an iPhone and my primary form of communication is via text message. 


It truly is lightning fast compared to something like SMS. 

Think like, facebook messenger levels of speed when talking to one another, built into your texting app. 
It's in the spoiler thread. 
Encore set list:

Island 
Delirium Trigger 
IKSSE3

The encore had 10 times the energy of the show. 
Intro acoustic song was Devil in Jersey City, in case anyone was wondering. 
That might've been me if you were at the California secret show in West Hollywood or the following nights in cali/vegas. 

Sorry! 
Red hot Chili peppers, Muse, Rammstein, Kevin Gates, Blind Guardian, Kendrick Lamar. 
Well we don't know the full set list. 

Traditionally with Neverender, they've opened with an acoustic set, and then the album, and then closed with a hodgepodge of stuff in the encore. 

I'm particularly excited for the encore tonight, and REALLY hoping for IKSSE3. 
http://i.imgur.com/fU8mjmB.jpg 


Fistbump me bro. 


Haha I need to have it touched up again. I've had it since I was a teenager.  
As someone with a red ducati.. this is just beautiful. 

I like how it retains the mean angular stance of the 848. 
I have this same tattoo for the same reason. 

Hello stranger. You're cool. 
Always plenty of people at the Home Depot on the intersection of decatur and tropicana. 

Oh god I need a trellis frame on my desk now. 
You're not too old to start. You will have more sense about you than the average 16 year old on here asking about R6's. 

Where about do you live? I could come show you a few things and let you scoot around on my 899 if you wanted to give it a go. 
899, like 20MPG

I wring it often though. 
I was just thinking the same thing, haha. There's so much downtime! 
IMO he's way too optimistic, but he has points. 

It'll be interesting to see how attendance pans out with the raiders being here. 
That was a terrific fucking match. 
Depends heavily on where you live. 

50k is barely livable here in seattle if you're alone. 



I lived in Vegas for five years and 50k would be plenty. 
Logan ffs delete your post history. 

People are going to spend the cumulative resources of several years digging through your shit just to troll you. 

Also not sure what you're doing here, but I'm bummed you'd hijack a fairly neutral area (this subreddit) and pull rank to delete posts talking about L1T and their relatively small spotlight. 
PMING
The M1060? 

These are my first foray into high end headphones and i am blooooowwwn the fuck away every night when i sit down and listen to them compared to my apple earbuds all day at work. 

I think there's alot of people out there like me that are at this price point but don't want something that is going to under perform that would love to hear your thoughts on them. 
It's never too big. Try to switch back after a month, I dare ya. 
Ive been about 25-30 feet in the air on a snowboard before and this is what it felt like. I wanna say it appears to be waaay higher because of the wide angle lens, but the timing seems right for like 30ft. 



Where the fuck are you? Its POURING rain in Seattle today. 
May i reccomend the AKG Q701 [Green edition](https://www.amazon.com/AKG-Q701Premium-Reference-Headphones-Signature/dp/B004444O46) =] Nice setup dude. 
I honestly dont remember. I want to say 699. 
RAINIER VALLEY NEEDS YOUR HELP. 
I have both. 144hz is massively superior. 


PMing. 
Goldberg: Mic'd up. 
I own one. It's what it says it is. A 100HZ 3440x1440 panel. 

I use a 980ti and it runs 100HZ natively, but frame skips at 110. 


Great panel, shipping speed was alright (from California IIRC) and overall a worthy buy. 
I usually nag my girlfriend about it, but it's the same as when she talks to me about what some random actress did; feigned interest to humor me. :) lol. 
My motorcycle must be so confused. Some days I ride it to work, the next day it's covered in permafrost. 
I mean.. more than Capitol Hill. 
PMing for the G900. 
I'll take that Mamba. PMing. 
He's got a big mouth for someone with DESIGNATED SHITTING STREETS
I grew up in lake Chelan, and have lived in seattle for around 6 years or so, and spent 4 or 5 years in Las Vegas as well. 

Can confirm. Seattle has this vibe that nowhere I've ever lived has. There's this weird underlying vibe of like entitled intelligence mixed with a hint of something like passive aggression. 

That isn't to say Seattle isn't amazing, the quality of the people here are of a higher caliber. The average Seattle resident would outclass most others in cities I've been to, but it's like we're all mildly autistic or something. 
He probably lives in Kent. 
I commute every day from Rainier Beach to Bothell. 


Kill me. I spent over 6 hours driving yesterday. 
Look up the seattle freeze. 

We aren't the most friendly of people, up here. 
I'll see both of you at the Seattle show :) 
I can also vouch for the Triade. i run one daily and it's a great mod that's similar to your RX200, but built in general just much better. 
I would take this with a grain of salt. I routinely go from 4k @ 27, 1080P 120HZ @ 27, 1080P 120HZ @ 50, and 3440x1440 34 inch at 100HZ. 

My favorite panel is my overclocked 50 inch seiki, just from the immersion, however, i don't mind the step down in clarity and the difference between 1080P at various sizes is vastly overstated by people who value 4K on Reddit. 


More important when looking for a monitor is motion clarity and finding the right size, IMO. 

Feel free to check my post history and various submissions to /r/battlestations over the years to get an idea of what i have had throughout the last 5 or 6 years. 
Im from the US, Was looking at these: https://www.monoprice.com/product?c_id=120&cp_id=12001&cs_id=1082707&p_id=16050&seq=1&format=2
These are great suggestions. Did you have anything in the ~400 dollar price range that may be a bit better for build quality? 
Budget: $100-200, I truly don't mind and almost prefer used, in this range, by the way. 

Source: Blue Yeti, and scarlett 2i2.

Requirements: Heavy on the lows, OVER EAR, and non-fatiguing. 

Preffered Type of Headphones: Over Ears

Preffered tonal balance: A bassy warm feeling

Past Headphones: V-moda crossfade LP's, Bose QC15. 

Preffered Music: I am all over the place, i enjoy a lot of rap, hip hop, and really messy rock. Kendrick Lamar, Thank You Scientist, Muse, Kevin Gates. 

What would you like to improve on from your set-up: Comfort, more bass. Better Ergos. More premium materials. 
Location Washington State 




Andrew Ryan is the best written front to back character i think i've ever played against. 

Because i sympathized with his maniacal tendencies during the game, if you go through those games and listen to his audio logs and the story, you really begin to understand him. Which is truly the best feeling in a game. It engrosses you. 
The 240HZ panels from BenQ and Asus respectively will be the de facto king of FPS shooters for the foreseeable future. Even a 144HZ g-sync panel cannot compare to the clarity from those extra 96 frames per second. 

If nothing else aside from the best for gaming and FPS in particular is your goal, your next monitor IS 1 of these 2. 
*I'VE CANCELLED ALL CONTRACTS UNDER THE REDDIT CODES AND STATUTES, I AM A MAN OF THE INTERNET*
Pming you 
I've run through about 50ML of it in the TFV12 and I'm digging it. 
SHUT IT
Oh man this is from quite awhile ago. 


I remember choking on my soda while scrolling through that thread. 
Did Renee Young just destroy kayfabe? 
DID I JUST HEAR KILL YOURSELF CENA? 

LOOOLL
How much is shipping to 98118? 
What's your price on that? 
Not all of them, but yes. 
I have a Lost Vape Triade DNA 250. 

In good shape overall. I can throw in a sub ohm tank and like 100 ML's of juice too. 
I grew up around farmers. 

$100,000 is very little to the cost of running a decent size farm in the US that you can live and support a family on the profits from. 
Everyone on the internet expected it, IMO. 
New Era. 

Same shit. 

I'm so over this fucking company. 
Fuck everything about this. 
Nearly 3rd world country. 

Way more money to be made from Germans =] 
Kicked out of literally everything except for interference. 

tables mean nothing, chairs mean nothing, brass knuckles mean nothing. 

Nah, i don't think i'll ever really enjoy Roman's style, but moreso i won't enjoy him until he loses clean for about a year straight. 
LOL SUP GRAVES
That's true, i guess i just expected the production value to be worse? I've only ever watched NXT like 2 or 3 times, this is pretty great. 
This entranceis like... the division became an IRL meme. 
Man im having so much more fun watching this than i ever do watching Raw/Smackdown, and i don't know who the fuck any of these people are tbh. 
I've seen these guys live. 

This song is absolutely amazing to be a part of =] 
>Tom Henks 
I'm sorry did you say welded? 

I cannot picture a goddamn motherboard standing up to anything involving welding. 
If my girlfriend and I ever split up, I would do it in a heartbeat. 

Curiosity and adventure, man. 
Yeah this looks like Virgin to me. Flew in a near identical plane from Vegas to San Francisco 
That was some of the worst.. promoing.. I've ever seen. 
I ran into Justin walking around and talking into an iPhone 4 last year. He was super nice and was very happy to meet a fan. =] cool dude. 
I ran into Justin walking around and talking into an iPhone 4 last year. He was super nice and was very happy to meet a fan. =] cool dude. 
No, you fool. 

Vince is giving implied permission by extension of not actively flushing a leak every damn day. There's no need to. Meltzer doesn't spoil anything major. He isn't falconarrow or metsfan. He is Meltzer, primarily a critic with an inside look. 

I promise if Meltzer was spoiling every return or title change weeks in advance, Vince might pursue the matter. But he doesn't, so neither does Vince. 
Just wanted to say thanks. Received the mod and it's doing fantastic. =] 
Triumph Street Triple R 675. 

Hated it for long trips, was decent around town. It lasted about six months before i switched it in for my first Ducati. 
It looks like the 1080ti press conference is tonight. 
I really wish this was a 32 inch panel, however. Holyfuck im so excited. 
Climbing up the first hill on tatsu causes legitimate fear in my stomach every time, it's like I'm exposed. 


I rode X2 for the first time at night with my dad last year (not knowing anything about the ride)and that turn after the initial turn to face the ground. I did NOT expect to ever feel that scared. It was amazing. 
Thresh mains take coin. 
Definitely deserves it. 

I bought it on a whim and have probably convinced a dozen of my friends to buy in. It's just simple, addicting, and always good times. 

It's really entered into my rotation of games that are there to stay, and im always happy to support the developers for this =] 
RIP. 

It was great while it lasted. 
I hate riding with my winter gloves, but i'll be damned if they don't stay warm on my near hour long commute in the mornings and evenings. They really do work. 
Yeah. Snow here in Rainier Valley this morning too. 

Quite a cozy and nice way to wake up this morning. Happy New Year =] 
The iJoy XL is like a TFV8, but with better flavor IMO. 

I've been using it for the last month or so and have been nothing but impressed. both my TFV8's have been shelved. 
I love this so much
LOL DOMINIC CRUZ IS A BITCH xD
That was my first time watching Dillashaw fight. 

Shit was insane dominance. 
Payment sent!
Shoot me a PM with your paypal. I'll take it. 
Interested in selling the mod itself? 

If so, what's the price?
$2380. 

Meh. Not bad. 
I haven't watched wrestling in months now. 

Is Rollins face? That is the weirdest thing. 
What the fuck was that guy in the crowd making noise? 
I have the DNA 250 Triade. 

It's a great mod, if you're okay with hauling around a 3 battery mod. It is much smaller than i expected it to be, but it's still a heavy, fairly big piece of vape hardware. Cannot say enough good things about the build quality though. 
Well I lived here for five years. 


But I've been here for 3 hours since my flight landed. 

I'm ready to go home. Lol. 

I leave tomorrow. 
Always. 
Astronaut. 


Will statistically never happen now. 


But that's fucking life, innit. 
Flight missed. 


Stuck in vegas for another day. 

Fucking just shit. 
I want to go home already and I've been here for 3 hours. 
To make the GIANT leap from "Donald trump grabbed a girl who probably consented in some form" 

to 

"Everyone who supports him is a rapist" 

is just the highest ceiling of strawman you can employ. 

Getting drunk and fucking chad. 


No you aren't chad. 

You don't have adventures. 

Go the fuck home and jack off, OP. 
I'm here for you, friend. 

Let's hug it out on the side of the road. 
She's gonna break your heart and come running back every five years. 

You're gonna ignore that other than random hookups and learn to ride motorcycles. 

You're hot shit and you're gonna be just fine, kiddo. 
Everytime I see this, I just assume someone cheated. 
Eating sunflower seeds. 


Fuck sunflower seeds and the smell they have. 

FUck the noise they make. 

Fuck finding a bottle of sunflower seeds that were chewed on. 


Fuck all that. 
Is there any other answer? The internet. 


Literally as needed in my life as water and food. 

Not really. 

But really. 
Trying to warm up my Motorcycle. 

Its December and 22 degrees outside, get the fuck back in your Ford Fusion before I clap you in front of your wife. 
"I don't support him because i'm not a rapist" 

Goddamn that is some ignorant shit. 


I don't like the dude, but you're just illogical to high heaven. 
Whatever time you get to spend with the stupid fuckers in your life that you love. 


Shutup and go enjoy yourself OP, you boosted animal. 
How to spell definitely. 
You sound like my aunt at Thanksgiving. 


There is no proof. I don't "believe in nothing" I just don't believe in what you are saying. I believe in the scientific method and how much knowledge it gives year over year about the place we are at in the universe is astounding. 

I don't understand how you can fit your small god inside the vastness of the universe. What we've seen is so much bigger than the vague words on the page that your doctrine comes from. 
Goddamn. What a typo tho. 

Can you imagine sitting down for a few hours and watching a series of video clips of your friends shitting? 


I'm sure everyone has a different strategy, and it'd probably teach you a lot about someone. 
Trampoline outside my friend's parents house when I was like.. sixteen. (if that). 


I remember his dad poking his head out and we had a moment where we panicked and just legit had no where to go. 

Just kind of bounced around naked as teenagers in the cold. 


Goddamn high school was a happy time. 
California because its the most populated, iirc, it's a social hub for our celebrities, and Califonia because it's just overall dope as hell. 

I have never lived there, but always around Cali. I love it. 
If you spent like an hour around my girlfriend six months ago you'd have some fucking animosity too, let me tell you what. 
My parents told me about Santa Claus and I remember just kind of extrapolating that to so many other things in my life at the time. 

I pretty much just realized it was all about of tradition for the sake of tradition. 

When I started reading heavily into nonfiction throughout highschool I really opened my eyes and realized my parents were more than likely wrong on a lot of things. 

I don't pretend to have all the answers and I can't imagine me passing along something like religion to a kid when I have one. It seems so fruitless and overall confusing to me. 
JonTron. 

Literally cannot laugh at the dude, and I hated Game Grumps when I tried to watch it. 

Jontron is not only a comedy genius, but the work he puts into his shit really shows. 
I just discovered Hopsin, and i'm loving his shit overall. 

Really like "Ill Mind Of Hopsin 5" by him. 

I've been told by my coworkers that this dude is whack as fuck, but I'm really liking his message on all his shit, and he reminds me of a well spoken politician started rapping. 
>Anybody have experience with this in my area


I do. A lot.  Vegas is where I really learned how to split, after doing it so often on my trips to California when I lived and worked on the strip. 

It really does save a shitload of time, especially if you work on the strip like I did. I was stopped by a cop for it one time, in about 3 years of splitting there. I told him I didn't want to get rear-ended by a drunk driver and was sick of dodging idiots who don't know how to drive. 

He gave me a talking to, but nothing came of it. Didn't ticket me or anything. I split today coming home from work in Seattle, a few people honked, a few people got out of the way, but most don't give a shit. 


The most important thing to realize is you have NO defense if you get caught by a cop. In their eyes there is no reason for you to be splitting. I'm willing to take the risk for the times that I do it, but a lot of people aren't. 


People are emotional as fuck about you "cutting in line", but in Vegas, you have a shit load of Californians who are used to seeing it and won't flip too much. 


Good luck OP. 
This is fly as fuck, but the Seattle police would eat me for breakfast for trying this on my commute. 
Too right you are. 
Bill gates is the sweetest of sweethearts. 

Goddamn
 2009.

Don't ask me why. You know it was a great year, and so does everyone else. 
That's pretty cool =] I should really sign up for the damn secret santa. 

Its been years of me always seeing the cool things people get. 
I've never attempted it, for fear that someone would either hoon it, or just in general fuck with my machine. 

I'd feel better about leaving a lambo with a valet than my bike. 
I'm a guy and had that saaaaame damn shirt. 


Shiiet. 
I am totally not a fan of this Spanish Acestream trend lately. 
This might get buried, but I've never met anyone who also listens to it. 

The Geologic Podcast by George Hrab. 

It's mostly stories and news about this guy George's life. It follows a loose format, and ive been listening for years. He's truly great at storytelling, he's a member of a funk band, and a multi-instrumentalist. 

He can get corny, and he can be a bore to some (especially my girlfriend during our Disneyland road trips) but my god is the guy just like more pervasive in my life over the years than just about any digital media. 

I highly encourage ANYONE to check him out. 
Jesus Christ dude. 
Yep! 

Its enabled in the settings, and passes the UFO test and frame skipping test with flying colors at 144HZ at 2560x1080. 

Again, no overclocking required. 

The visual clarity @ 2560x1080 is just not there compared to 3440 though. 
Received mine about a week and a half ago. No dead pixels, and the color accuracy is on par with other VA panels that i have used. 

It's native at 100HZ, and mine got to 110HZ without frame skipping on my end. 

I cannot speak for the color accuracy, as most of my work is done in a VA/TN environment due to not being able to to stand the commonplace 60HZ refresh rate associated with quality IPS panels. 

They DID forget to include a power adapter when shipping my monitor, but everyone and their mom has one of those things in storage somewhere. 

tbh i see very little motion blur when compared to my 144HZ TN benQ that sits next to it. It's a good monitor overall, and i feel most of the drawbacks associated with it vs the Samsung, Acer and Asus offerings are easily overcome. 


YMMV, but I've been very pleased. 

If you want to know anything specific, let me know and i'll fill you in as much as i can. 
110HZ without frame skipping here on my unit. 
Pleasantly surprised. 
 
PM'd
I feel dumb today. 

I didn't see anyone else riding, even the typical GS guys. So that's cool, but it's a sign of how gnarly cold it is. 

I'm buying some heated pants or something here this weekend. My legs are still cold. Lol
34 degrees on my way to work this morning. I wore jeans with holes in them. 


Just fuck my shit up. Legs are still numb. 
That particular stand is absolutely terrible. I bought one a few years ago and it has been hellishly unergonomic and unwilling to stay put. 

The base itself is build like a tank but its obnoxiously large as well. 

Just my 2 cents. 
I would argue you'd have to be ridiculously insensitive to movement to not see the difference between 144 and 60, or even 60 and 75. 

http://www.testufo.com/#test=framerates-text

This test, is a much more accurate reading. The 3415 has long been a victim of people claiming overclocks without really knowing what they're seeing. 

Both in people who don't know what to expect from a higher refresh rate, and placebo themselves with a lack of flicker, or who are insensitive to movement and use your basic UFO test (which will validate skipping)


Edit: run it in full screen as well
Yes. But it's native at 100HZ. So you'll see the refresh rate regardless of GPU. 

I'm team green myself, but refresh rate > G-Sync or Async IMO
Yeah. You can't tell because it's skipping frames. 

You'd definitely be able to note the difference otherwise. Those 20 frames in particular are very noticeable. 
Look up the M340CLZ. 100HZ, 3440x1440. 


I just recently saw this, and I had the same feelings as you after going from my ROG Swift to several ultrawides. 

The disparity between 144hz, and 100hz is less noticeable than the giant disparity between 60HZ and 100HZ. 

60HZ is a joke and unusable for me day to day. 
Oh no. 

I go through monitors like crazy. 

I can't do 60HZ anymore though. I think I sold it for near that like a week later though, the magic of supply and demand. 
I think paid 1400 plus tax for a 34UM95 the day it was released. 

I feel your pain. Lol
There's a 34 inch Korean panel W/ freesync at NATIVE 100HZ now. 

699 on eBay. 
Finally trying this Nuke-Q stuff. 

I want to believe the hype. 
Because it's a cop out for no real reason. 
What the fuck just happened? 
The crowd <3
I just love how he says "Dolph Zigger" 
Same. What the fuck
I had to excuse myself outside at work because of the amount of laughter I was holding in from watching this. 



Uuueehhhhhhh cuuunnnt
Thank you /crt/ ambassador. I'll take your words to heart (and whoolie the diavel in your honor at 2.3 crys per hour while ignoring your advice 
Might be in the cards someday, but I have a GF to tote around occasionally. 

Dat bitch ain't gonna ride a dirt bike 
Anyone here daily ride a Diavel? 

Was thinking of making the switch to something more commuter friendly to deal with the traffic since my recent move to Seattle. 

I ride everyday rain or shine, which usually involves an hour and a half each way to work, and the diavel looks like a calmed down version of my Panigale. I feel like I'll miss the top end hooligan feels, though. 
You mean the EFF? 
Did you crank it? 

The 1299 needs be pushed up to the top of the torque range and thrown in the corners to be loved IMO. 


Arrived today in great shape. I think the juice came out of the tank but the mod is solid. 

Thanks my dude! 
It's all good my dude. 

Don't sweat the 60ml. 
Oh is that the case? 


we just... let them play? Hit the quarterbacks excessively, concussions abound because one team is losing and angry. 

Yeah fuck you dude, that boys will be boys shit is fucking fading faster than your hairline. 
"they should" 

What.. why? 

These have to be the worst announcers i've ever heard, and i was around for Madden. 
Goddamn. 

Dicks out for 12. 
Did someone just throw a fucking dildo onto the field. 

Holy shit Buffalo I know you're getting fucked out there but pump the brakes. 
Any word on the shipping on this? 
Hey bird man, any idea when Heisenbird will be back in stock? That sounds like my dream juice. 

Went to order from the sale and BOOM all out. :( 
You're fine man. 👍🏻 just shoot me tracking when you get a chance. No rush. 
Sorry mate, on the east side right now. 

You can just go ahead and ship it to the Seattle address, my girlfriend will be around through the weekend. 
This was sold last week. 
Yeah man. 

I'm actually at work in bothell today until 5. I'm free all night, however, and can hang here if you want to zip down 
Thank you my dude =] 
Payment sent. 
Shooting you a PM
Honestly if the leathers peeling off and it's THAT dinged up I probably won't be interested, but if you post up a picture or two I'll throw you an offer and let you know. 
What i've learned from watching this is that Herb Dean is not afraid to tackle people and one arm drag them off. 
Lincoln Square in Bellevue! Heck yes =]
Alright. I haven't been watching for a few months. I just lost my shit seeing this on my front page. What in the fuck just happened. 
I've gotten a few of those already. Lol. But thanks for the heads up!
Nah thanks. Not a fan of the other Triple 18650 mods. 

It's Triade or bust for me. 
Really just looking for a Triade unfortunately. Beautiful mod though! 
No thank you!
Right on man. =] 
Not going to sell just the goon, as i'd probably be out more for shipping and insurance. 

It'll either be bundled, or just the VS. 
Thanks (=
~~I don't want to split them at this time, unfortunately.~~


Actually. I will do 130. 
Derp. Did not notice the lack of date. Updated!
http://imgur.com/a/7Lpsv


These should do ya =] 

Not a single scratch on it. It's less than two weeks old. 
Its under the "timestamps" link above unless i set that album to private. 

I'll check though. =D
Were you looking for any shots in particular? I can break out the camera for ya.  lol 

Its a great mod :D
Pixy V2 sounds amazing!

Just placed an order with you guys to try it out!

Honestly i hated all the tobacco styled juice when i quit. It dropped me right back into smoking because it was just as miserable. 

What finally got me to switch was the real sweet type of juice, with an easy to use mod and tank, that was near brainless to operate and use. 

You basically want to make it as easy as lighting up a smoke, because thats what he has grown used to doing over the years. 
Yeah. 

This is why i still use tanks 99 percent of the time. If it leaks i just get all sorts of pissy and hate having to deal with it. Especially if i am somewhere like at work or in the car. 


I really enjoy my Vaporshark 133. 

The flexibility of 18650 batteries and the fit and finish of a high end device. 

Ive held the Triade and felt in love. But i wear much tighter jeans than most, so i was apprehensive about carrying it in my pocket. 
Open the windows, make copious amounts of coffee, and enjoy the cozy feels. 

Alternatively i ride my motorcycle and enjoy the looks from the people in the cars at how crazy i am. 
Wow man. 
Hot fucking damn that guy can ride. 


They have airports in West Idaho? 
Jesus christ what are the Browns going to do? Sign like 3 FA QB's a week to keep up with the injuries?
Has anyone tried using this compared to a TFV8? 

I like the airflow of the TFV8 but i want more flavor in a smaller profile. I figured the Cleito would be ideal, but i'm getting the impression that the Cleito has more in common with my super tank (which does not have enough airflow IMO) 
Holy fuck brady. Hooooooooooly fuck
Brady chants :D
Oh man its good to see that again. 

Happy Brady =]
Oh my fucking god Cleveland. It isn't flag football
Wow the amount of cheers for Brady in Ohio.. What the fuck haha. I love it. 
>as someone who plays yugioh semi competitively

>This made me cringe



I mean... I'm glad the shoe is finally on the other foot for you, but this is the pot calling the kettle black here. 
You mean stripping the connector on your mod? Like the threads? 

I've used a few super tanks and have never done that. I always rotate to make sure the threads are lined up first before i lock it down though. You may just be over tightening and forcing it a bit too much. I can't imagine I'd strip the threads on anything without a whole hell of a lot of elbow grease and knowing that i am doing it. 
If we're cheering for NA we want RNG to win this match, correct? 
She's a Seahawks fan. 

Inb4 Chris Hansen joke. 
I have a sigelei J150 that has an internal battery in it. 

Its a 150W So you take a bit of a hit on that, but the battery life is INSANE. Literally outpaces my Dual 15650 mod. And i run it at like 100W. 

Its also like 70 bucks
Software company in Seattle. 

Just moved back up here from Vegas. 

I went from working exclusively with smokers (like 20) and one other vapor to the exact opposite scenario. One dude smokes cigarettes, everyone else has a 213 and a TFV8. 

Its just doofy. But i enjoy it. 
i disagree entirely. Its the majority of what i vape. 

[This](https://www.vaporworld.biz/e-liquid/drip-co-e-liquid/) is a great flavor. I've tried both the watermelon and blueberry. Its fantastic stuff. 

Search up your favorite candy.. IE sour patch kids. There is usually a multitude of people making it. 
Can someone let me know if this includes replacable Tobeco coils? 

Like i cant imagine there is anything ceramic inside.. but im spooked. 
Yi?
Because I test rode the S1000RR I was going to buy, while the dealer was looking over my trade in on the street Triple, I asked to test ride the Panigale and i was like "lol no fuck you im buying this one" 


Never ridden a more fun bike in my life. I'm not rich, you can buy a new panigale for less than a new Honda Civic. 2K a year for service (I average about 15k miles per year) Is a cheap price to pay for how much fun I have on this thing. 
Ayy I'm in that thread. 

Good times. 
I had a Ronin jacket from them. 

It was really nice quality. Lots of compliments, but they're built for dudes with like massive guts. I had so much extra room in my stomach it was absurd. 

Even without the armor, I felt like I'd be protected if I ate shit. So YMMV. 
I've seen so many people who have started riding because of him. 

Too cool. 
Holy fuck what have you done Odie. 

This'll either be brilliant or a fucking fiesta. 
Good to see you know your shit. 

Cry on, my man.
Its easier if you get a bit more speed tbh. It might be scarier but you'll maintain that straight line with less effort. 

Get yourself some fuckin frame sliders too. Save your wallet from plastic cramps.
This looks fun as fuck. I'd have jumped further out though. 
Always the man. Have no idea why you have downvotes. Thanks my dude. 
Who the fuck steals fairing bolts lmao. What a piece of shit person. 

I wish the best to you. Maybe you have the patience for a cover, if so, more power to ya. 
I've never ridden the CBR 250, but I had a ninja 250 awhile back and it's seating position was almost identical to the street Triple. Just lower to the ground. 

Honestly you gotta test em out. 
They're comparable over long distance. 

I'm weird though because I prefer 1000+ miles on my panigale over my old street Triple. 

I like the ability to tuck, I like the fairings, and I enjoy the seating position. 

On the street Triple I felt locked into one position and the seat felt off to me. 

My Panigale's seat is stiff as a board but there's not nearly as much weight on it. 

It's a personal preference. 
>with a lady 


Ducati. People will approach you and respect you solely for the badge. Mostly non riders, but still. 

IMO the Ducati is the better ride, and the maint isn't leagues above the street Triple anyway. They've become a lot better than they were in 1995. 

IMO the monster is the most fun naked bike out there. You really cannot go wrong. 

They also have the 796 iirc. All of them have usable torque and are fun. The 696 is somewhat anemic compared to the others, but it's still fun. 
I wouldn't worry about taking it to the shop. Just do what you can fix with stuff like that. 

The bike is running fine right? Chances are low you need a mechanics help to fix what went down. 
Thanks for the report. 

We'll log it under our "bitching about other riders" section. 

Carry on, white knight. 
Time to upgrade your levers to ASV shorties and ignore that scratch. 

Nobody else will most likely notice it. 

And rain does that to the best of us. You learned a lesson fairly cheaply. 

To make yourself feel better check my post history on my love affair with gravel. :) 

Stay safe bro! 
Yeah i see you have full coverage. That's good. Never drop that. 

But is there a place to chain it up? You won't want to throw a cover on it every time you get on the campus. That's a fucking headache and a half. 

Just make sure it's unapproachable. Maybe get a loud as fuck disc lock. 

With college kids you're fucked six ways from Sunday. The girls will be oogling and curious and the boys will want to treat it as their own. 
Ducati monster 821 is a great mix of power and style in a smaller frame than its JDM and Euro (speed triple) competition. 


Be prepared to pay for the Ducati. Shit ain't cheap. I know. 

I did however own a street Triple before this Panigale. So feel free to ask away. 
You're gonna fuckin die. 


Nah but that's a huge jump.

The grom has really unique handling in the moto world. Get like an SV650 and learn how to dust your friends in corners. You won't beat them light to light, but they can suck a dick. You're new. 
I have an smh10r that's small enough to not be noticed, although I think with the bigger Sena units they can be taken out. 

I use a metal type lock that's wrapped in plastic wrap (so it's flexible) with kind of a 4 digit caribeaner lock. Works very well. 

Wrap that around your forks and inside your helmet with the visor cracked open and you're good. Think it was like 30 bucks. 


Beautician school. 
22K isn't even going to rent you a bedroom here in Seattle. 

I'm mid twenties and doing alright for myself. Cannot imagine having a kid unless I was getting most of my bills covered by my parents. 

Which is no way to raise a child IMO. Not like when that kid turns 16 her situation will magically improve. Lack of education and free time will cause her to stagnate. 

She's making 20K and is a depreciating asset in the workplace, RIP that kids future. 
Wat.. the fuck. 

You realize that Seattle and New York are the whole country apart from eachother right? Us over here in Seattle are like a 6 hour flight from NYC.
Five foot eight. 

So nope.
>bilt 

Don't go yelling at me about gear with that shit on. 
Most of us can see what went wrong because we've been in the same goddamn situation like a hundred times or more. 

Careless of him to overtake 

Stupid of him to assume 

Unskilled of him to not swerve 

All that comes together and then it's being narrated by the snarky guy himself, who downplays and ignores all fault in this and crashes a  rider's (Suburban Delinquent) bike, and doesn't learn a damn thing. 

All he took from this was "I am not at fault, SubD got his check, she fucked up" 


I find it cool that the DOT is posting this kind of stuff on Reddit. 

Good on ya, random dude. 
Dude has been riding for like five goddamn days and comes in here to tell us all to change our attitudes and we weren't nice enough. 

Like what? Come off of it you goofy bastard. Nobody is here to suck your dick. 
Not to mention Ducati's kickstand (atleast on my Panigale) is a shitheap compared to most mid range and sport oriented bikes. I just know one of these days that thing is gonna snap and i'm going to just have to spend like 3K on fabrication.

I sometimes worry about just sitting on the seat while i have it down. 
Agreed. 

with something like levers, just hop on revzilla and see what universal shit they have up there. You're looking at like 70 bucks per lever for the shit that i would begin to be OK with. 

 Very easy to switch and swap levers out. Plenty of youtube videos on it as well. 
Just practice on automating as much of it as you can. Its literally a blip, then the shift. It'll blend together with time. 

Some bikes are also just jerky and torquey at certain rev ranges, and it won't feel as smooth as you'd like no matter what, because you're in the peak range in the rev band, so its gonna hop and jump at the slightest inconsistency when you're applying throttle. 
>How is any of that helpful at all

He told you it was fuel injected. 

He told you something about your bike that you didn't even know. 

If you don't know if your bike is fuel injected or not you really DO need to RTFM. Shit man. 

Online forums and communities are always going to be vitriolic. Suck your shit up and do a bit more reading. 

The guy could have ignored you and moved on, and you could have taken your bike to the shop and gotten charged 200 dollars for them to tell you its fuel injected and to laugh you out of the building. 

>All I am trying to say is that the one thing that binds all of us together here is a love for biking

Sure, but the love for biking doesn't really carry over into answering asinine questions that can be solved by looking at a spec sheet on your motorcycle with literally 10 seconds of effort on your part. 


Word. The worst thing you can do after a crash is assume you've done nothing wrong. 

What a shitheap. How are you supposed to improve as a rider if totaling a bike doesn't teach you a lesson?
I remember reading an article about an older guy who got sideswiped by a car when wearing one of these. Said he had minor bruises or something like that and spent a night in the hospital, but that it otherwise did its job (and then some). 

Pretty cool IMO, hope to see it become more mainstream and affordable for everyone.
Same with mine. I swear i could drop him in Alabama and he'd point out that there's some really good twisties like twenty miles away. 

Dads are weird. 
One year ago you literally asked the question: 

>how do I buy stock? 


On Reddit. 
I'm sorry what? 

Did you just assume our entire userbase's education level? And /u/GSX-S1000 'S gender? 

How fucking dare you sir. 
Sweet sweet justice (boner)
My dad fucking slays the corners. 

He was standing off his bike putting a dip in by the time I caught up. He's ridden since long before I was born, so it's to be expected, but hot fucking damn. 

It's been years and years and i STILL get dusted by his giant BMW 1200. Even on the Panigale. Especially the Street Triple. 
Oh yeah. 100%. I didn't start on the panigale. I started on a 250. So I'm just you a few years in the future. 

I'm just talking from an advanced riders perspective, like a 250 is fun and economical in some ways, but it's a total letdown for the more advanced and longer rides. 
My Capuchin monkey bros. 

I have no idea what to think. Thunderbird and Slytherin.
The stairs and lighting fixtures alone are absolutely gorgeous. =0
If you like WOT the whole time, and a non aggressive seating position, and generally frotting about, you'd be right. 

There have been times when i would rather be on a 250 or whatever than the Panigale when i'm sitting in 100 degree weather in Vegas at a stand still. 

But i would much rather be able to wring the hell out of the Ducati and get a wheelie going in between corners over the pass up here in WA. 

I also enjoy going stupid fast sometimes and just watching everything around me blur. 

So i mean yeah. Is the 250 more practical? yes. Can you do almost as much as you can on a bigger bike? Sure. 

But the shit you can't do, is worth all the difference in the world. 
>rear seat delete


Nah dude that's a cowl. 

The SV grabs my attention the most. Looks to be in great shape, and he was honest with the condition of the tires, which bodes well normally IMO. 
Yknow. Sometimes I say some really stupid shit. 


This is one of those times. 
I mean i generally grip with my legs. 

When i high sided at ~30mph, it was a fucking blur and i was HURLED off the bike and before i knew what was happening, i was already mid-air. 

I made it to diamond in League Of Legends, my reaction times aren't bad.. but this guys are insane to me and incomprehensible. 
Check with various companies. It was cheapest for me to go with progressive until the Ducati. At which point I switched over to GEICO for a fraction. 

There are no rules and you just have to wing it and shop around. 
Holy hell. The reaction time it must take to grab the bars that quickly and not let go when your vertical. 

Christ. 
FZ6R is not the R6 people are warning you about moving onto after a few months of riding. 

Iirc you're looking at like what.. 60HP? Maybe 70 or something. 

SS I4's can double that. 

Glad you're happy though dude 
My dad was riding through Seattle, we were heading up towards Capitol Hill, he reads a BMW R1200 something or other. (its a huge fucker) 

He did this on purpose, got like 2 and a half or 3 feet of air, slammed that big german bitch down and whooped and scared like half a dozen pedestrians. 

My dad has ten times the balls i do, i'm glad he doesn't come to town with me more often. 
Agreed. 

I think the thing looks butt ugly. 
That's a fun fucking ride. Does it's bigger NA brother handle that well? 
>Rain 

>Cleaning up the bike afterwards 

[mfw](http://e.lvme.me/3risbcx.jpg)

They are like that for the same reason you probably get uppity about the guy who puts his bike on a trailer and tows it to the meetup. You aren't in it as much as they are. 


I bought mine before the course as well. 

Motivation not to fuck things up. 

Everything worked out for me. Nothing wrong with giving yourself a little light at the end of the tunnel. 
It sounds so much more tame than it looked when i first saw it. 

Nice video though my dude!
17K isnt much at all. 

I'm not well versed in the smaller displacement class of bikes, but 17K can be put down in a year by a dedicated rider. Check in with the maintenance and you're good to go. 
Holy fuck. I'm sorry. 
I'm all for the exotics, but I'd be stoked to see something American made that uses tech. Sorry HD Bros. 

I'll go with any of the big domestic US brands. 
It's Impossible for me to pull it out of my pocket without turning the pocket inside out. 

But I love how it feels in my hand. 
Hahahahahhhhaaaa

I pay over triple your rates. 

Fuck me. 
My man. 🐴
Fun night of SNF. 

Right on Bradford and Minnesota. I always like watching Rodgers and McCarthy crash and burn
FLAG THAT SHIT


oh okay good
HELL YEAH MINNESOTA. GOOD JOB
That shouldn't be a flag. 

Fucking bullshit.
Sam Bradford throwing like Flacco in the playoffs, Hold your shit. 
RIP CHEERLEADER

WHAT THE FUCK GUYS
YOU WOULD NOT BELIEVE YOUR EYES. 
BUT WITH BRADFORD, THE VIKINGS FLY
I am convinced that just by streaming NFL games, i've seen EVERY commercial on TV. 

I haven't paid for TV for the better half of a decade. 

They really hammer the same shit in. 
That dude wasn't catching that shit anyway. 

Why do you gotta fuck it up for Bradford, Vikings defense? 
The thing that brings /r/NFL together after all these years.. 

It's Sam Bradford outperforming Rodgers on SNF
I swear to god you can measure my lifespan in the amount of times i've watched the camera pan off of Michaels and onto Collinsworth scooting around on that stool.
I will never get used to this goddamn new song
I had an affair with gravel. 

I'll never cheat on you again, Ducati. I've paid the price. 
Looks almost like an RF1200 with that vent at the chin and the visor. 
Yeah. It's a thing. 

It was hard to read for me with so much cringe. It reads like a redditor stereotype is self inserting into a fan fiction. 
I mean... Laws make it so channeling your campaign funds into a private "non profit" corporation account is illegal. 

That's why more laws are good. 

Not just voting for the nice guy and hoping he doesn't do it too. Make it illegal and cut it all out of the system. 
They need to get some younger refs in there to shake shit up a bit. 

We've all been complaining about these same fuckers for fifteen plus years. 
Christ. 

Let them play the goddamn game. 
That really seems like it shouldn't have been called...
After Wes Welker he's THE scrappy white dude. 
I mean.. You're still watching. So they can =p
Man Palmer is throwing lasers. 
KILLED BY FRIENDLY FIRE? 

0_0
>University Of Phoenix 

So shitty. 
ALRIGHT SUNDAY NIGHT (song) WHERE ARE YOU?
This Russel Wilson advertisement is just adorable.
Glad to hear it! 
Whats your internet speed? 

No way it should be "slowing" anything standard down, but it might have saturated your network connection if you don't have enough bandwidth. 
Are you still looking for a 6s Plus? 
How many people do you know that own a moto z? 

Now how many have an iPhone?


That's why. 
>Ohio


>Notable

pick 1
Glad that wasn't just me... 
Questhelper and thottbott. 

And harassing your guildies. 

The only way to find an answer. 
Stupid disposable no name thing my brother and I bought many many years ago. 

We were both back to smoking within a week. 

Then I bought a provari (I wonder if they're still kicking) 

Broke that due to my work at the time being super intense and outdoors in crazy conditions. 

Went back to smoking for several years until I saw a tank and box style catch on while looking into it online (hospitalized for pneumonia) and I haven't looked back since. 

I'm glad everyday I masse the switch. 
Thanks for this. Hope you're getting referral cash because I just bought some too. 
I picked up this sigelei J150. It's about the size of a vaporshark, and has an integrated battery. 

Thing was like sixty bucks. It's tiny as hell and the battery life is the same as my 200w dual 18650 mods. 

Things built like a fucking tank too. I think it came out just recently, so it might be hard to source, and the color combos are red and black or black and red. 

So YMMV. Great little thing though. 
I just moved back to Seattle after living in Vegas for five years and it's sooooo hard and shitty to not be allowed to vape/smoke in bars. 

Back there everyone did it and nobody cared. 

Here you're standing out in the rain and you're ostracized. Which is a huge bummer to me. 

I wouldn't vape inside if it wasn't kosher with the owner/regulars though. Seems rude to me. My RDA can become a fog machine when I'm drinking. 
I think closer to ten years. 
If only these libertarian crowd folks were half as independent as they thought they were. 
This is really hard for me to watch. 

I feel sort of the same way towards cigarettes. 

At one point i had quit for just over a month and smoked one because i was going through some real rough shit.

That one fucking drag was all it took to rope me back into it. I've since quit again, but its something you have to fight off on a daily basis. The only thing that can really help you is yourself. You have to know that you cannot just have that one hit or that one more.. because then you're back at the point of being an addict within seconds. 

I thank vaping for saving that and cutting cigarettes out of my life. I have taken control and weened myself down to very little nicotine, and feel much better for it. 

My heart hurts for what this guy is going through, but unless you experience it you'll never know... And i imagine heroine is even worse and harder than cigarettes by an exponential level. 

:/ Hang in there buddy. 
I WAS ABOUT TO NOT TAKE BACK MY GF BECAUSE OF YOUR POST BUT AFTER HEARING YOU SHIT TALK THE BEST ORG IN LEAGUE HISTORY I QUICKLY REALIZED I SHOULD PUT A RING ON THAT BITCH AND HAVE 3 KIDS NAMED METEOS, METEOS EGO, AND C9 SNACKY. 

MAY JACK HAVE MERCY ON YOUR SOUL. 
Can confirm. 

Have lived in Vegas as a transplant from Seattle for the last 5 years. (Moving back Friday) 

There is no teriyaki anywhere here. It's a very Seattle thing. (And I miss it dearly) 
This is up there with the pipe bomb in terms of my reaction. 

Wow! Idc if it's a work, It's all based on fuckin reality! 
Oh wow you're right. Didn't even notice the brakes. I saw the SSSA and custom welds, assumed it was pure custom.

Wonder why they skimped there. 
It isn't for sale.. 

This bike is probably 90% custom fabrication. 

I would wager 50K would be a quite low estimate. 
I don't understand why riot does everything that they do. I don't see an issue with Riv or Phreak having a sub button, but I assure you if they wanted to make it happen, the community would have their back and Riot would most likely have their hand forced into reconsideration. 

Also; A few casters have left over time and are happy elsewhere. Like Monte said, CS:GO pays more, but if I was a caster I'd be hard pressed to want to leave a scene like LCS. 
I didn't say it was bad. It's not the same complete competitive and polished product that riot brings, with its curated in house spectacle. 

League has grown from a basement, to casting, to MLG in Anaheim (sponsored events) to a HUGE juggernaut that is well respected and dominates Twitch and has a vibrant international scene. 

What CS:GO is a different approach. It's not as curated, not as polished, and it's more all over the place. It certainly isn't "bad" or whatever you're trying to get me to say.. But it's a step down from what the LCS and its sister leagues across the world bring to the table, week in and week out. 
I don't think Trynd's post was good at all. 

Telling someone who's probably shelling out a million per year in player salaries to "pay more" is absurd. Everyone is making money right now. 

Players are fine, owners are fine, and casters and riot are certainly fine as well. Riot is doing fine to the tune of over a billion per year. If they want to see more money in a certain area, it should be coming from Riot or a franchising/sponsorship involvement. An Esports player Union wouldn't go amiss either, this industry isn't getting any smaller. 

I could easily say CS:GO and Dota and still believe and mean the same thing. The quality of the LCS broadcasts and casting is unsurpassed IMO, atleast in E-sports. 
I disagree with ALOT of what he said here. 

First of all, I highly doubt Riot is running the LCS to get more skin sales. That's so ridiculously narrow. 

Riot is running the LCS (and spending millions to do it) to drive PLAYER RETENTION. people watch it, get hyped, and play some league with their friends, and they buy some skins along the way. 

Regardless of what monte thinks, league is just as much about that active player number from a fiscal and investment standpoint as it is about champion skin sales. 

Also: to argue that riot is behind the game in the casting department is absurd. Go watch a pro overwatch or rocket league tournament. It's not even close. 

Ask Jatt, Riv3, or Phreak or any of the other number of casters if they're disappointed. Riv3 states repeatedly that he loves his job adamantly, and all the other guys are the best in the business outside of network major league broadcasting. 

Monte wants to see special contractor treatment, and I think his ego is too big for his pants here. Why would riot outsource their already STELLAR commentary team to a guy who disparages the western market and scene at every turn? It's absurd. Jatt and friends might be "company men", but they're absolutely fantastic at what they do. 


There's an argument to be made for franchising and regulation of the player and owner market, but he needs to remove his vested personal grudges and do a little bit of research on the F2P model at this scale if he wants to be taken seriously. 
Oh hey. I spent the first fifteen years of my life there, so feel free to ask away. 

Food: 

Blueberry Hills has always gotten constant praise for their food from my friends who still live there. 

For a decently more higher end meal downtown, Campbell's (downstairs) is a nice date spot. 

Lake view drive in has the dopest fries I've still had to this day, and the views while you eat are great :) 

The alpenhorn out towards first creek isn't bad, and there used to be (I'm sure it's still there) a mini golf course that is also fun for you and a date/friend. 

Shit to do: 

Renting a jet ski will be an absolute high point. Trust me. Wide open spaces and lots of fun to be had out there

The waterslide place "Slidewaters" is fun for a day. Small, but a great place to relax, and they have some dope ice cream. 

If you have a decently equipped 4WD vehicle, the drive to the top of Chelan Butte has an incredible view. I grew up on that mountain and am still blown away. 

The beach at Lakeside is my favorite for swimming, but Don Morse is probably the best for a group meetup, as its downtown and located next to the aforementioned lake view drive in, and some other cool little activities (bumper boats, golf course, go karts). 

Where to stay: 

I would say camp. For sure. But I don't blame you for wanting a room either. 

I'm not well versed anymore in what chelan has to offer, but I'd say either Campbell's or the hotel at the bottom of the butte/Lakeside are your best bets. Campbell's is nice if you want to get hammered at a bar downtown and walk back to the room :)

Message me with any questions you might have or whatever. I'll help in any way I can. :D 
I certainly wouldn't say their superstars are an "ineffective role" 

It's kind of the bread and butter of their business. Del Rio is somewhat of an outlier, but he's earned his money. 
I think maybe they incorporated the red to allude to the fact that it can potentially be a women-held title. 

I could be wrong. 

Either way any belt other than WWE Championship circa RA era disappoints me. But I don't mind it more than any of the others. 
I bought a 500ml bottle of watermelon stuff from ohhlala vapors (something like that) for less than 40 bucks. 

Had my reservations but it is some decent stuff. 
I don't think anyone is saying Brock lost his marbles and said fuck WWE, I think everyone is saying.. That is not how that was supposed to end. There was more to the match. Brock hit too hard with the elbows and went too deep, everyone freaked out, and the refs with Vince in their ear or Heyman told Brock to go back in and whack him in arm a few times to maintain monster Kayfabe...

If you watch Heyman's reaction during the elbows he freaks out when he sees the pool of blood for like half a second, and stops cheering Brock. Listen to the tone of the commentary as well, everyone is kind of in awe. 

Then Shane running down was on the fly and an easy F5 call to make in half a second. 
You're right that geographically speaking the majority of Nevada is conservative, but Las Vegas (and thus the majority of people here in the state) are overwhelmingly left. 

>most of the crime is committed by drifters 

I'd argue this isn't true either, anecdotally speaking. This city just attracts piece of shit types. They commit crime, but they live here. 
Wintergreen, faggot. 
.... But why? 
No mans sky. 

Appears I am under heavy down vote artillery. 

I concede. 

You are now the maymay master. 
Every time my dad flies into town and rides with me, or I head up to see him, he chastises me for parking in gear

 "WHO TAUGHT YOU TO DO THAT!"

"IDK DAD YOU TAUGHT ME HOW TO RIDE AT LIKE 10 PROBABLY YOU"

No one else is gonna say it? 

Okay. 


"It's a meme you dip"
Word. I've been boarding for well over a decade and tried to teach my longtime girlfriend. We get along swimmingly otherwise. 


NEVER AGAIN. I'm convinced some people just aren't the balancing and action sports types. 
Hi there. 

I've been in a relationship for six years with the same girl, shit like this isn't unique or uncommon. Stupid fights over stupid things happen. And they're for all the same reasons. People are like a pan on a stove with water inside on low heat. 

All these little things build up and they boil over and they go nuclear. It happens, okay? The key to surviving in a relationship.. Fuck even the key to surviving in life with another close person, is someone has to step forward. Someone has to point and look and say "This isn't what we want to be about". Being stubborn sucks. It's hard. But you embrace the failures of yourself and others when you bring them close to your heart. 


If nobody steps up and says this, or some version of it... If pride or disregard, selfishness or envy take over... You lose your connection. You might break up, you might lose a friend.. Hell they might even stay in your life.. But you lose a part of the bond. 


I've done it so many times now, I've seen it happen just as many. Fuck it hurts. I know. I'm sorry for you, even if you're a stranger. 

I'm here to talk if you wish to. 
 Thanks for making the last hour I've spent at work fly by in frustration and fascination. 
Was find my iPhone around back in the 3GS days? 

I thought that came out with the 4-ish timeline. 
The correct name is whatever the fuck we decide to call it that day, stranger. 
144hz is night and day difference. You won't be able to go back. 

It's not even remotely close for me. 
How can someone not be able to source ASV levers D: 
I've ridden at ~130 on a motorcycle before going straight. Its a very strange experience, and i have massive respect for what these guys can do. 

You don't realize how much you have to commit to get the bike to turn like they are doing here at speeds that high. Its fucking insane. 
Yeah. I wish there was a legitimate third party here in our country. 

Having two almost monopolizes it by definition. Two major extremes. 
I'd like to have a more progressive and anti establishment candidate to vote for, However, has it looks now, if i don't vote for Hillary, i risk so much more. 

Let's be realistic. Hillary is by and large a continuation of Obama, who would win in a bloody landslide in this election. 

Hell, i think McCain and Romney would dominate both Hillary and Trump this year as well. 

Two very polarizing figures that nobody except for extremists seem to like fully.... Sad year for us. 
List em on Ebay bud. I just sold Two 2GB 680's there in less than five hours for 110 plus shipping costs. 


From reading reviews online it looks like they advise installing the latest drivers directly from Gigabyte on their website. 

I would advise doing the same, alot of them are having the same issue. 
I would advise getting a bigger SSD than 120GB for game storage. You'll burn through it quickly and wish you had something more to the effect of 500GB, better to bite the bullet earlier and get the bang for your buck now. :] 

Something like 500GB SSD with a 1TB HDD is the sweet spot IMO. 
No problem bro! have fun :]
BIOS. 

Some motherboards are easier to do than others, and some just flat out wont overclock. 

Like the other poster said, read the guides and learn. A few hours of reading and you'll be just fine :] 
>It upgrades the 220w simply by plugging it in rather then the 220w. It's that simple. I plugged it in and I am now able to use my GTX660sc with no issues.

After reading that in the review portion of the webpage, im confident to say that yeah, you should be just fine :]
I built one for a friend a few years ago, so things might have changed a bit, but i can tell you that running a gigabyte board, with the an intel CPU, and Nvidia dedicated graphics was the way to go back then. 


Nearly plug and play in its implementation in terms of installation, with only a few quirks, So i would definitely advise going the secondary build route :] 
Looks like a fine build to me. You'll achieve well over 60FPS in league of legend on high and most likely in Civ as well. 
Wow. Thats an interesting machine in terms of power supply. I would not feel comfortable running a dedicated GPU off of 240W. Even one with a 120W power draw. 

You might be okay, but you might see crashing under load and come back to this and hate me for saying that you'll be fine. 

I'm not sure what the upgrade path is, but from what i can see online, it looks like it has an external power brick that plugs into something that modulates it throughout the internal components. 

That right there sketches me out, So i'm not sure i'm the best one to answer that unfortunately :[ 
The difference is marginal. 

You're looking at different cooling styles and different designs mainly. 

There are benefits to some cards, like Asus's Strix like which ran with zero cooling if it isn't under load, and like the triple cooling design from (Gigabyte?... Not sure, i've forgotten) that deal better with overclocks from its extra pin layout. 

Overall the differences are slim in terms of stock performance, don't sweat it. 
I've seen the core X9 in person several times, it IS very huge. However, i'm not 100% certain that the GPU coolers will reach to the top of the case, which is where the spots to mount the rads are. I might be wrong about having that concern though. 


There are definitely enough places to put the rads, but like the other guy suggested, i would advise you doing a custom loop and finding a better way to run it. 

Its not too complicated to learn what to do, and you'll likely spend just as much on the CLC's for the 980TI's as you do on the parts and mats needed for a custom loop. 

Its just a simple system 

Pump>Reservoir>Tubing>Fittings>Radiators. 

Pretty sure you'll be able to find custom watercooling plates for the stock 980Ti's fairly easily as well. 

Good luck to you though!
Yeah, what the other guy said. You're going to be just fine with your current CPU.. Most newer titles utilize the GPU more often. 

If you're only playing something like WoW, it'd be different. 

Cheers!
I feel ya, i'm in Vegas currently and the only way i found to truly cool down is to crank my AC.. I leave it set at about 65 for my whole apartment and it does the trick... 

I was thinking you might be able to move the bed to the top right corner and move your desk to the left of your door (when walking in) and place the tower on the floor pointed towards the door to move more heat in the direction of "out of your room". But this is all fickle compared to just turning the AC down. 
Granted, you'll be spending more on Utility bills, but i can't see any other way you're going to beat thermodynamics at work. 

if you find a solution, let me know :] 

I would suggest an SSD overall to speed up your PC, but you really shouldn't be seeing 30FPS from Rust as is, and the SSD won't be doing anything to help your frame rate. 

I would have to guess the bottleneck would be at your CPU. I'm not sure how Arma runs normally, but i've heard terrible things about its optimization.. That game running less than ideally might just be something that you have to live with. 


Hows gaming as far as other titles go? Perhaps a more mainstream AAA title would be good to see if its something on their end or yours. 

Cheers! :]
It very much depends on the monitor. And i disagree that it will cut the lifespan. Most of the time the controller associated with the display isn't taxed enough for a "cut lifespan" to be a thing. Atleast relatively speaking in the time it will take you to upgrade your panel anyway. 

I have doubled the refresh rate using a Seiki TV before, from a stock clock at 60HZ at 1080P to 120HZ without dropping frames, And what it comes down to is the ability for the controller of the panel to accept it or not. 


I've been out of the Korean monitor game for awhile now, but i overclocked my girlfriend's Qnix single input quite some time ago from 60HZ to 96HZ without issue. 

For the Korean panels iirc it varied slightly based on manufacturing and the board lottery involved. 

Again, i have to tell you, you're going to be fine. You aren't stressing the monitor out in a significant way and its not going to die because of a simple clock. 

Also, my Seiki has been running fine for like.... 2-3 years now. No issues. So there is an example for ya. 
Look for something like a scissor switch board.. Your macbook pro being too loud is just ridiculous, and roll up keyboards are trash and misfire and don't respond WAY too often to be a thing. 

Find a middle ground there, there are plenty of chiclet macbook pro style keyboards out there that will meet your needs and drastically reduce the sound from blues with O rings. 

I would suggest something like a razer deathstalker. its fairly silent and it won't fuck up your quest to get to diamond. 

In the mean time, try to work on meeting in the middle more with your wife. =p.
4k Isnt the end all be all. 

iirc the 970 has HDMI 2.0 connection for 60HZ at 4k, however, you'll likely not see 60FPS with a 970 because its really not powerful enough to push triple a titles at that rez. My 980ti chokes on recent titles sometimes. 

If you want smoothness over 4k (most gamers do) I would suggest looking into a 1440P 144HZ monitor. 

To date the ROG swift is still the best all around gaming monitor IMO. I love the panel, which is great as far as TN goes and is leagues ahead of some of the older or lesser quality TN's, and the refresh rate and response times are stellar.  

You see very little if any blur as its one of the fastest setups you can run, with the controller running off of G-Sync (which will marry perfectly with your 970) you'll see no tearing and you'll benefit from 1440p.. Its an easier rez to run than 4K and you'll do it at over twice the frame rate. 

Its really a no brainer IMO, and once you get used to 144hz (144 frames per second), 60FPS at 4K will look like relative dogshit for how stuttery and unsmooth it is. 

Let me know if you have any questions! and also note that there are more 1440P 144HZ monitors out there aside from the ROG Swift that will meet your needs just fine. :] 
I am indeed. It works just fine. And you don't need to use Asus's software that it comes with either. The win10 and 8.1 software works just fine as a default utility for connecting. :] Cheers!
Yeah. As a seller, buyers remorse is probably your biggest enemy, lol. 

I find requiring immediate payment helps alot with it. And just being completely in detail about it. Still a bitch sometimes though. 
I've never had any trouble with eBay. They tend to side with the buyer in nearly every dispute, and i've even been fucked over as a seller once because of it. 

If something isn't what it claims to be, they'll refund ya after a "dispute" with almost no questions as a buyer. 

You may have to pay shipping back to the owner if it goes the way of the return, but 99% of what's on ebay tends to be what it claims to be. 
http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16833320173

This thing is god tier. I already plugged it once today actually earlier on Reddit. 

I had to move my setup briefly to my living room and out of my little man cave and this thing has been wonderful. I've had it for years now in my closet and plocked it in and got 250mbps out of my 300mbps connection without any jump in ping while gaming. 

It also outperforms my razer blade's internal wireless card even when i am further away. 

Its expensive but i doubt you'll need to buy another one for a very very long time. 
Nope! I mean the feeling is there sometimes until you get used to it, but that thing wont tip unless you're SUPER top heavy.. and humans just arent. 

Your ass will keep you in place, and i've ever slept in the chair (unintentionally) with it kicked most of the way back just fine. 

You'll be fine and probably never want to switch back to the old regular non tilting chairs of your past. 
Your son should look into Vaporwave
Essentially yes. I can't even see a motherboard based USB slot going out even affecting anything on like a static level or anything like that. You should be just fine either way tbh. 
I'm not sure if it "fully" disables it, but the device manager in any windows PC will do fine. Takes some finnicking to find out which one it is, but it worked for me a few years back. 
I've done this a few times before. Every time the particular USB port was shot but the others continued to function fine. No problem with disabling it either. 
No problem! :]
Looks like you should be fine. The 4670k is still a fine CPU. I think you'll see a pretty significant increase in frame rates. :] 
Looking up your PSU on Newegg shows that your PSU should come with 4x (6+2) PCI connectors. 

Use two of these for the 1070. It can be a bitch fitting that extra two pins in there, but that IS how its supposed to go. 

I wanted to clarify again here, don't split your single 6+2 into two further cables, make sure you're running two seperate cables from your PSU into your GPU. Avoid adapters. 

LMK if you have any more questions. 
I can tell you from experience that Maxnomic bases are quality compared to their stock DXRacer counterparts. I use a DXRacer and i bought my GF a Maxnomic.. the Maxnomic is the better built chair by a mile. 

I've never heard of the ability to purchase a different base.. but you're already going to be fine with the Maxnomic. 
They're pretty similar.. The best way i differentiate between the lower end to mid tier of the brands is if you plan on using Nvidia features like Shadowplay or G-Sync.. and if you want freesync. 

Freesync is much lower cost and is being adopted much more readily overall. So that would be my default go to, even though i use Nvidia personally at the enthusiast tier. 
Hey OP. I've recently moved my setup from my little man cave into the living room (booo). And had to do this as well. I picked up https://www.asus.com/us/Networking/PCEAC68/ 

That guy and have found myself at my normal ping times and getting 250mbps out of my 300mbps connection still. 

there are two walls in between as well. I'd consider that to be pretty good. 

I also use powerline adapters for our Xbox one and other various gaming consoles throughout the house. They're subjective to your home's wiring, but i usually see about 50mbps through that. 

Hope this helps!
For completely different reasons though, lol. 
I live right across the street from these guys. Nice dudes in the shop. Kinda shocked tbh. What a frickin bummer. 
I've played it. It's replacing my rogue and hunter 100%. It's just flat out more fun. 

Warrior might stick around for a bit to compare (haven't messed around with it much in the beta). 
Wow.. All the new zones look absolutely fantastic from an art and design perspective. Very Northrend-y in the amount of coziness. 
I mean... Are we going to deny reality here? 
Word. I overall enjoyed it but that felt like some self insertion fan fic from 2005. 

AND ITS CANON NOW. 
On point number four. I completely agree. 

I went into this 100% spoiler free and at that point I set the book down in the living room and just said "what the fucking fuck..why?" 

Other than that, I enjoyed the majority of it quite a lot. 
I mean on the plus side... That sounds cozy as fuck. :)
Hey my dudes. 

Boredom strikes and i'm unfamiliar with the PC laptop market these days. 

Back to college.. ditching my gigantic setup and switching to a laptop. Really the only games i play are League Of Legends, Rocket League, and WoW. I know.. i'm boring.. 

I was glancing at the old Razer blade with a 765m and an SSD. 

Build quality looks great, specs look dead on. Nice looking as well. 

Any other suggestions or things i should know before jumping in? 
I would pay several thousand dollars for that card. 
I used to have that jacket! It is definitely a head turner off the bike. I ended up getting rid of it due to the heat in Las Vegas making me never want to wear the thing. 

Great quality though. Comfy as hell while riding as well. 
Here's what's interesting. I used to live in Seattle for like.. 7 years. 

I moved to Las Vegas and feel like the sun does the exact thing to me. I can't stand it. When it rains here I feel happy and content with the weather. When it's sunny (99% of the time) I just hate it and it puts me in a terrible mood. 

Good news is I'm moving back to Seattle shortly. I think maybe being in Seattle and the PNW in my formative years may have played a part in me hating the sun and adopting the "gloomy" weather as my baseline. 
I've got a game boy color you can have free of charge. 

It's batteries are long since dead, my ex's high score on Tetris from high school is still on there, but it works. It's been in my closet for near a decade. May have some scratches :)
he needs some milk 
I think most do. Even if they don't want to necessarily admit it openly. I would argue a large and vocal group also are against it both philosophically and theologically. 

Their brains ether can't comprehend that they will eventually end because of a belief in heaven, or they will be vehemently against something like this because it isn't "god's plan". 

Speaking purely from curiosity and the awareness that my body is a limited and relatively short lived thing.. I would argue transhumanism and it's researchers goals are worth whatever funding and deregulation they ask for... It's quite literally the next logical human evolutionary step. 
Social security is irrelevant to this topic...
The problem is.. You cannot get Americans to even remotely care about this these days. 

You mentioned quadrupling science budgets and deregulating the scientific research sector.. I'd love to see that happen.. But it won't. 

Americans hear the word "Trans-humanism" or terms like "Uploading a consciousness" and they immediately think you're an Orwellian communist bastard. I know because I've had these talks with various baby boomers. 

I think... Once we get to the point where the millennials are the large part of the voting body; it could certainly happen... 

But i think for anyone who is alive and posting on things like Reddit today.. Its a long shot that the mere concept of Trans-humanism will be accepted as part of mainstream philosophy. 

Regardless, i respect what you are doing, Zoltan. People like you getting out there and making this shit more than words on an internet message board lend credibility towards it. Good luck to you. 
The wow community really is spectacular when compared to most other online games. But yeah. Some people are just complete tools at every possible opportunity. 
FWIW it looks like theres six episodes on a certain website. 


Same here haha. Brock drew me in from WWE. 

this is just standard where I come from. 
I am so stupidly excited for this. :3
- Classic: Night Elf Druid
- Burning Crusade: Undead Rogue 
- Wrath of the Lich King: Gnome Death Knight
- Cataclysm: Blood Elf Hunter
- Mists of Pandaria: Dwarf Paladin
- Warlords of Draenor: Undead Rogue

Man i really can't pick a class to save my ass. 
Great setup overall, but those speakers are gorgeous. 
Holy fuck i cried laughing when he said Sheeny curse out of fucking nowhere
Anyone ever ridden both a panigale (899) and an R1 around these parts? 

I have to fly up to Washington and I'm looking at renting either an R1 or a Daytona 675. Leaning towards the R1. 

I've heard people say they're uncomfortable power monsters, but I've also heard people say the Panigale I have is the most uncomfortable bike ever made and I enjoy the ergos a lot. 

I'll be fine on either bike, but I just wanted some opinions if anyone here has em. 
Lol. If Any Europeans want to shit talk my AC, I cordially invite them to come hang out in Las Vegas right now. 

I'll give them 2 minutes outside my apartment and then invite them in and ask them if it's wasteful. 
Oh I gotcha. I meant good old fashioned in the context of "vanilla"

Like regular old. I know there's customs, security, MP's, etc. 

But they don't have the interaction with the community that the "vanilla" cop would have. Which is the reason I'd take the job with little pay. 

Understanding context on Reddit is a fickle bitch. 
Yeah.. But I didn't say there aren't corrupt cops. The vast majority of them aren't corrupt at all. 

If you've worked in a union environment you've seen the "thin blue line" at work a thousand times. Protecting your own isn't exclusive to LEO. There's no reason to shit on a group of thousands of people. Cops are by and large great people. This is a problem with unions in general (and I am pro Union)

It's just that the usual interactions people have with them have a negative connotation. Nobody wants to pay 300 bucks because they had an honest slip of mind.. But the cops job is to make sure they won't do it again. 

The anti police sentiment practiced by millennials and the Reddit hivemind is very sad for me to see. This place is usual the perennial torch raiser of the factual and unbiased; or at least it was a few years ago. 
Nah. I have issues with armed forces enlistment. Which is how it works here in the states for MP's if I'm not mistaken. 

A good old fashioned police officer or a firefighter though? I'd do it to interact with the community. 
Honestly LE is something I'd do for free if they'd pay for a bed and food for me for a few years. 

Job seems very unique and cool in that you'd get a lot of interesting perspectives about humans in the day to day life. I guess it requires a certain type of person though. 

On a scale of One to Jon Jones how triggered is Dana right now?
What the fuck did i just watch. 
Can anyone tell me what they put on the fighters' faces pre-fight? 

Like vaseline or something to keep the sweat out of their eyes? 
>Katy fucking Perry 

kek. YOUR MAIN EVENT EVERYONE
This music reminds me of the south park episode in the Mexican restaurant.
"other than Rhonda Rousey" 


Wait what
Eh i'll take the downvotes. Its nbd. You guys aren't excited to see him fight? I get that he kinda walked in on the UFC but maybe atleast you want to see his ass get handed to him? that's half the reason i am pumped. Lol. 
i'm a new mma fan because of Lesnar and CM punk.. but Mark Hunt is my absolute favorite after watching his shit this week. 

What a cool dude. 
Is he high as shit or is it just me. 
/r/mma does. 

/r/squaredcircle takes over the sub per the rules.
"this is great time for me" 

Be still my heart <3
Dana confirmed for booking Jones as a goof
The music is weird as hell so far. 

Also i like that Edgar runs to the ring. 
4K? 

Shit. I've got a 4k panel. How do i get that.. Youtube? 
Yeah but after it was stopped Browne was like not moving at all. I was shocked at the call until they showed him afterwards. 
This is my first time watching a UFC PPV live and I am so hyped by this fucking intro
Oh shit. I donated after the webstreams were taken down :[ 
I am relatively new to this sport and I'm always blown the fuck away by these guys' ability to take 10 minutes of punches and stand up. Dillashaw and that other dude didn't even fucking hitch. 

Remarkable to me. 
I'm already here buddy. Do you want a hug? Cuz we hug on Saturday nights, Maggle. 
Word. I'm trying to figure this out too. 

So to see everything you need fight pass subscription, fox sports 1, and then the 60 dollar PPV 
Shit. I don't have cable at my place. Looks like it's the bar for me. Thanks!
Anyone know what time (approximately) Sage will fight? I'm a fairly new MMA consumer and the fight pass trial I have seems to have it blocked out.. I'm debating on ordering the PPV or heading to a bar here on the strip. 

Thanks my dudes. 
awkward. 
I live in Vegas. It's not what you see on tv most of the time unless you're dropping thousands/day. 


Plus it's windy as fuck today on the strip. 
I mean.. You gotta turn in the lot. Presumably. I can't imagine this guy turning 180 degrees without a semi truck's worth of a berth. 
NYC has some beautiful goddamn architecture. 
That was an anxiety ridden rollercoaster... The guy seemed legit shocked as hell everytime he saw a corner. 
What the fuck did i just watch. How did that guy pass the goddamn licensing exams? 
By "driving against it" I meant driving it outside of the spool range. 

I'm was used to running low RPM's in my Z and the STI was only happy in the upper range. I also neglected to mention my brother had it set in like "Eco" mode or some shit. Which really fucked with the throttle response. Everything felt like playing quake on a bad internet connection, or a shitty ride by wire throttle on some newer motorcycles, if you're familiar. 

After ogling STI's growing up in the PNW I was so majorly let down by it. 

I wonder if the older mid 00' models with the midget sedan bodies feel any better. They seem to have less computer fuckery and less weight too. 
4 years of beautiful ripster shitposting <3
I mean as far as parking garages go.. It looks pretty sick. 
I'm childhood friends with Joe Harris. He's a lesser known dude who played for the cavs from a small town in WA where we grew up together. He recently held a camp there for the kids for free. I believe it was his second or third time as well. 

Some dudes don't do it for the money. As long as I've known Joe, he was never about the money. 
I wonder if this is due to the turbo spooled up with an aggressive launch in first. 

My brother drove a 2014 STI for the longest time and it always felt boat like compared to my old 350z. Once I got used to driving with the turbo instead of against it; it improved drastically. 
Honestly? Most of it is probably my girlfriend. The amount of 4K Netflix she watches is absurd. 

I also tend to stream multiple twitch channels throughout the day if I'm off work. So it goes by pretty fast. 
Lol.. That's TB. Sorry thought I included that. 
I am the 1% :(  Cox reports my girlfriend and i's monthly data usage at around 1.6 over the last few months. 

Luckily, Comcast isn't here in Vegas. But this still spooks me. 
Funny. I had a gun pulled on me by an officer here when I was stopped on my motorcycle for doing the same thing. Reached in my pocket to pause the audiobook playing in my helmet (Bluetooth speakers inside) and he pulled a gun and walked right up to me and asked  "if I wanted to end up like those black kids down south"  by "pulling that shit". I respect officers by and large and give them the benefit of the doubt. But man that was some horseshit and I let him have it. 

On the plus side, common sense must have kicked in (or guilt because of my GoPro, which was dead after a day of filming) and he let me go without a ticket after. 
When did I say I'd never seen "his shit"?
I agree wholeheartedly. I just don't understand his bitterness I guess. They've both made millions and entertained millions. 


Probably compared to a large majority of NXT diehards and Bret Hart fans, yes. 
I don't watch NXT (except for Zayn Vs Nakamura) and I think Bret hart is overrated. He's not the best there ever was. Triple H is even a better entertainer. Technical wrestler? Maybe not. But I don't care. Triple H has entertained me for like 2 decades now. Bret Hart has sat in the back and whined for those same decades. 

Fuck em. 
I am also in Vegas and well over 21. 


I will find all the mew's in the clubs that you can't get into 

🐼
This looks absolutely cozy and modern. Well done. 
This sort of shit is like exclusive to consoles. It's so weird. 
I'm not sure if you honestly believe that or not but I laughed stupidly hard reading that shit. 
I've been looking for one of these for ages.. If you want to make a quick 100 dollars, shoot me a message OP. :] 

If not, congrats on your find!
Wow. I'm right here with you guys. <3 

You both hit me dead on. 
That's like a $200 merch comp where I'm from. 


I'm once again pulling a shitty fucking all nighter. It's 10am and I have work in two hours. 

Tired as fuck. 

Please kill me. 
I thought i was a load of fan service to us americans when i saw the names... but yeah. It's a pretty cool story behind it. Also, Thunderbirds represent :] 
I grew up in that area and spent close to the first 20 years of my life there. 

The owners are absolutely dickheads. And it's not local elitism. We saw a slew of new businesses come in at the same time they did, and relationships with them have been great. B.C. McDonald's has a reputation for just being ran like absolute trash. 

I've actually gotten my ass chewed by the owners wife as a teenager for eating my ice cream at the table in the parlor. It was crowded and she wanted us out. 
Same. He had said that the recent shooting in Orlando was a plot by big government or something to get us to hate Palestine and Muslims or something to that effect. 

I commented something asking him a question and he actually called me a sheep and told me to wake up. 

I thought that was only used in jest these days. 
Nice name. 
They said "high frame rates" in the announcement. 

Regardless. If they are being truthful about what numbers they shared then 4K 60FPS is easily attainable. So many people here are forgetting about console optimization. 
Yeah. With DP 1.4 dropping and becoming the standard on GPU's you'll see the enthusiast market shift to 4K 120HZ. 

I'm getting so many PM's from people who don't understand hardware telling me how consoles are not capable of 4K. 

This console is most likely beefier than most people's gaming computers. This is so silly. It's a year and a half out and people are denying its capabilities. 
Check my post history man. This isn't my first rodeo. I'm not a console guy. I don't remember the last time I turned on my Xbox one for anything other than Netflix. 
It's not doubtful. The power is there. At least if what they're saying about these specifications are true. 

I've spent thousands upon thousands to achieve my frame rates and settings as well. But you and I aren't Microsoft. 

You and i don't call up AMD and make things like this happen. 

I don't understand why you'd be doubtful unless you were salty about it. 

I'm all for our console buddies getting 4K 60fps as the standard. It makes porting things over very straightforward. 
That's what they said on stream. Holiday 2017. 
Not him but I use It for playing games with my girlfriend. 
Yeah but the 290x is a relatively old architecture to be using in Q4 2017.

There's been gains since then, and there will continue to be gains. 
The current consoles have something like 1.5 teraflops. That isn't relevant here anymore. 

This thing is basically a high end PC with an Xbox OS running on it. 
Yes. They said that will be a feature. 
If the specs are true it can easily be possible.

6 teraflops is near my 980ti. Which can do most games at 60fps with certain settings configured at 4K. 

I think they said it was an octo core as well. So I wouldn't be surprised. That's a lot of horsepower. 
I really love the simplicity of the default layout. I just wish they'd upgrade the textures >_> 
I have two ferrets. I think you're cool :) 
Fuck. Wish I would've seen this 6p. Let me know if the trade falls through. 

I have a 128GB 6s+ in SG 
Hi there OP. I'm in Vegas. It's currently 110 degrees outside. I pay out the ass for air conditioning. That is how you solve it. My brother has his house set to 80 degrees or some hellish temperature and I can't stand going over there. 

My place is an oasis. You will appreciate it much much more and it's worth the money. 
I used to have one of these. Except it was the non pivot variant. 

It overclocked to 96hz without frame skipping. Worked fantastically for what it cost at the time. 
I have a wasabi mango UHD 550 on my desk. 

It was less than 1k. Has very low input latency, and is all metal construction. 

Oh and it has a displayport so it can run at 60HZ off of most modern computers :) 

I really only use it for watching twitch and playing wow but it's a quality panel that I didn't pay much for. 
Same. Frickin same. 

I want something other than the witcher and league of legends to hold my attention. 
Crocodile alligator 
YOU HAVE A VERY NICE TRUCK OR A VERY SHITTY HOUSE OR POSSIBLY BOTH
Late and maybe way off here. But is it "the good times are killing me"? 

It's got kind of that same drawn out syllable thing going on in the chorus. 
3
So I went into this completely blind and was very much blown away. I'm in my mid twenties, same as bo, and yeah. His specials are always great but this was something else. 

The ending camerawork and overall pace got me. It was super powerful. I watched it by myself and contrary to what he said at the end there, he pulled a few laughs. 

I also remember a few references toward Carlin at the beginning, but the specifics escape me. Idk how to frame the show into a comment, but I'll try. If nothing else but to look back on later. 


Very meaningful. That's what I came away with. The fact that this dude I've been watching since his goofball days on YouTube has always touched base with my emotions at the time is kinda funny. 
He's been a spaz when I was, he's been a cocky shit when I felt the same, and here I am like over 10 years later relating to all the shit this guy I've never met spills out on a stage in front of people. It's fucking weird, but it's grounding as well. He's a refreshing performer in a sea of the same old shit. 

I'm with ya Bo. 

A few hundred. But part of that is my insane computer setup which also runs constantly. 

I hate this climate though. I few hundred a month to forget i live here is money well spent 
Wow you guys are crazy.. I keep mine at 67-69 all day and night. 


/r/askbattlestations
Screw you dude. :[ 
Canes chicken and Capriottis. 

Both terrible for me and within a 2 mile radius of my apartment. 
AWHH WHENNA SWISH LANES

Nick Jonas.. 

So many times.. 

Before he became attractive. 

Someone is getting shafted here. 
Bought a motorcycle. Started working out a lot. Started being kinder to my girlfriend after all these years. 

It's helped a lot. 
This is so true. I've seen this band live well over a dozen times now and when this hits every crowd loses their minds and it's one of the best feelings I've ever had. 

I'd compare it to being in a battle in a Lord Of The Rings film. It's just so epic. 
I feel like these cost rustic craftsman style abodes with great views are always in bloody Switzerland. 

I mean good for them but damnit it makes it seem even more unattainable. 
Holy shit OM vapors.. you just saved me a buttload of money with that code.. Thank you :3 
It really depends on the situation. If you mean that they're turning left towards my right (from the opposing lane) you always watch for any movement and cover your clutch and brakes. If you mean turning left while traveling in front of me, i usually split around them to avoid it altogether. 

If you mean turning like coming out of a parking lot into a road, watch their tires. People will literally stare at you in the face while running you over.. but the tires never lie about where they are going and how fast. 

As far as people encroaching and things like that.. it's a constant thing.. i just do my best to ride slightly above the speed of the rest of the traffic and keep moving forward rather than stagnate in someone's blind spot (i like going fast anyway =] )
This needs to become a thing so badly. 
Holy shit the man himself. 

Nice ~~boots~~ socks, Colonel. 
The key part of riding a motorcycle day to day is never trusting anyone around you. 

After a few months you begin to anticipate what others are stupid enough to do at any given time. Still dangerous.. but i won't stop riding because its dangerous either. 
No. Because all things considered the president doesn't really have all that much power to truly swing the country to one extreme or the other anyway. 

Hillary will probably be similar to another four years of Obama.. Trump probably will enact some controversial ideas.. but nothing that would majorly destroy the country. 

Checks and balances, that's what the average america doesn't understand. 
Why the hell are these not marked? 

If i hit this on my motorcycle without realizing it i have a pretty high chance of low siding once i regain control.. Fucking ridiculous man. 
I am convinced jontron has the consistently best content made by anyone online. 

He's incredible. I can't get into game grumps though. I found him like a year or two ago by his solo stuff. 
>debate or no dice 


What leverage does he have? He's not exactly in a position to negotiate with absolutely anyone. Reddit is delusional. 
Nakamura and Zayn is leagues above everything else so far this year IMO. 
I think you're missing out on a lot. High refresh rate is where it's at. I'd rather have a 24 inch 1080p TN 120hz panel than what you're getting. 

But different people have different priorities. If great color and value and quality is what you're after, you've found a pretty good balance. 
I bought my brother one when they were well over twice that price. He still loves it to this day. 

That thing is built like a tank btw. Great quality panel as well. 
I am so tired of hearing about this YouTube channel and the constant bullshit surrounding it. 
I feel for you. I just have to deal with him spamming his soundcloud on facebook. 
In the case of my friend who hasn't had a job since middle school and still lives with his mom at 28...


No. He doesn't play well enough. 

But ayyyy 8 thousand dollar guitar.  
I hated him until I watched him. I thought sort of the same thing. That his fans were all neck beard weebs. He's got a unique thing going though. 

But I have weird taste. I think Orton is probably the GOAT wrestler in ring. 
TIL I like Russo's booking. 
Wtf is seths hair in that photo. 
Gotta agree here. 

I worked on a drill rig for 2 years as a deckhand. 

I now work in a corporate environment in a Las Vegas casino. 

These people bitch about the keurig not working and I'm just glad to have air conditioning. 
I've had to drive for the last month or so without my bike. 

I feel safer in the car but i feel like i have infinitely less control if shit goes down. Granted, i'll probably be safer in my car, but i can avoid alot more on my bike IMO
You have my vote 

# lost_in_it_all 2016
>T9 needs to die in a fire 

I think I typed faster via T9 than I ever have on my 6s+. 

##MakeNumpadGreatAgain
It still looks sexy as hell. 

Ain't that something. 
I would spend ALOT of money for that. 
XL2420T? 
If you haven't used 144hz before.. I'd say give it a go. It's a major game changer in terms of gaming enjoyment. 

I spent nearly 1k on my latest display (a 4K 55" panel) and it sees very little use because I simply don't enjoy it as much as my trusty ROG Swift for speed. 

There is something to be said for how smooth higher refresh rate gaming is.. And I'm not sure how anyone who has tried 120hz+ has ever gone back. 
The incentive is that when she secures the nomination (she easily will at this point) that this is HUGE ammo for trump. 

Imagine the way he tore apart Jeb. All over again with Hilary. "You're so spineless you cant even show up to a debate you promised to do months earlier!" 

RIP Hilary when it comes time for those. 
The skill levels have definitely gone up. I've gone from diamond, to plat, to high gold/low plat. 

I think it's people being exposed to LCS. You see a lot of people making smarter macro play. 
>thrash
I'm just imagining odee walking around with a steadicam telling people to do this shit. 

Pls give me back d imaqtpie. 
He's fucking lit. 
It's not a hard class to pass. We had two people fail out of ours a few years back. One was even due to the writing portion (!!!). 

The class teaches you how to use your instincts to learn. Not really how to ride IMO. Valuable information, but if you lack the dexterity it won't magically give it to you. 
/u/trollabot Westcoastwelker
Wow that website thinks I'm short. And still ride a street triple. 

I'm like 6'0 and ride a Ducati now. 


Still creepy though. 
(Worlds most haunted forest)
Christ dude why is this thread filled with young people killing criminals. 

I mean. Gotta be traumatizing. 
How old are you? 
It's pretty cringe tbh. 
AAYYYYYY BUDDY
What a great game. 

I am mad impressed with CLG. So stoked for tomorrow. 
I gotchu buddy :)
Even worse.. He's from eastern Washington. I grew up with that cancer. 
Social engineering is the most efficient way to bypass today's security. 

Drop a USB drive in your crush's driveway with a self installing key logger. 

Find out your best friends pet name and the year they were born. 

People are easier to crack than a computer. 

The law of IT: Users are always the weakest link. 
Dude it's not real. 
I'm in a somewhat similar environment (I work for MGM resorts in Vegas now) onsite diner and everyone is generally paid well. However, the company lives and breathes hierarchy. We're a publicly traded company and its allllllll about the bottom line. 

I'm amazed at what valve has built. I can't imagine wheeling my desk over to a similar department and offering suggestions on their projects. Hell I've seen accounting like twice in three years. 

Super cool. Good for them. 
Wow. That is a very appealing sell for their company. I read that entire thing and was very impressed. 

I'm from Bellevue and never knew anyone who worked there, even back when I was on campus. They're a tight knit group for sure. But what a great philosophy. 
I know this is overused but man I legitimately laugh everytime I read it. 
Let me tell you what man, I work at MGM Grand, and they played here a few months ago, and I could hear that concert from my office. 

Fucking absurdly loud. Even compared to most of the stuff we get in the GGA. 
Guys don't really make those videos... She's obvious clickbait in the way she presents herself. 
Your comment reeks of european salt. 
That's super cool. I'd like to be doing that someday. Thanks for sharing. 
Wow. this is cool. 

INTJ master yi master-race.
Is working from home as a sysadmin a common thing? Most of the ones i know (half a dozen) are in the office near 30 hours a week. 
I'm up to about six weeks off of cigarettes myself due to vaping. I would imagine there is some mighty fine lobbying behind this from the tobacco industry. 

EDIT: weeks not weeps.
Great video dude. 
Master Yi doesn't have swordboots 


:( 
The ranked system now let's you choose two roles and q with multiple people. 

Before you could only q with one (within one or two tiers of your own) and you didn't pick your role at all. 

Roles were generally picked based on "draft" order. So whoever got first pick got first choice. 

Call order was less of a thing but it happened like back in S2. 

>get into game 
>type mid as fast as possible 
>don't get it 
>"mid or feed" meme is born. 
First original thing i've seen on here in a few months. Great job dude
Pls rito don't ruin my medieval twitch :(
RiotFkingLyte
Hahahaha
I am gonna disagree. People are way worse now. Games are dead silent. I'd rather be called a faggot and told to roam mid instead of dead silence. 

Also I really dislike dynamic Q. Feels like everyone around me is getting freelo by duoing with 3 other smurfs and I'm getting shat on in plat hell. 
Lore team working overtime. 
I mean he is statistically probably the greatest player of all time in the most popular sport in the us. 
Having worked in a union and non Union environment, I agree with you. Players should have an attorney Atleast cover the basics of their contracts. It sounds like half of TIP could pursue litigation. God knows what they signed away in their contracts that they may or may not have even had, but you can't deny that falsified documentation should've been caught by riot here long ago. 

Allegations surrounding TIP have been around forever.  I don't disagree with anything you've said.. But I can't imagine the young player base being what it is, instigating a union. They don't have the bargaining chips. Even with pro bono lawyers on their side. 

INAL though. I defer to you. 
This whole thread is making me want to go home and confront my girlfriend over various things she may or may not be even remotely doing. 



The players are all like teenagers and shit. They won't know the first thing about unions. I bet if you brought up s potential Union to someone like Reginald or Hotshot you'd be QUICKLY shut down. It's not in their interest. They want to maintain their relatively insane profit margins. 

Riot would be the go to people to initiate it, and you see how their attempts at controlling teams are going. 

They banned XWX for elo boosting and attempting to sell his account, and he may not have ever seen a penny from his team. 

Riot needs to step up. This kind of shit (not getting paid by your employer) is a very litigious matter in the real world. You don't get away with people bickering on Twitter anywhere else. 
Go ahead. Don't get nervous CNN. 
I've never wanted anything more. 



CROWD SOURCE IT SCARRA I KNOW YOURE LURKING
Monte getting double fucked this week. 


WEEBS BTFO
Just placed an order. Nice mobile site btw 
Cigarettes. 

Praise be Nevada. 
Trump. 


Kek. 
I did the same thing. People don't really get addicted to vaping in the same way. I can easily not use mine for several days. There's no way I could've done that with smoking. (Quit just over a month ago) 
Dddaaaaammmnnnn son. 


Just kidding. I probably have as many hours in league. But I can't see that shit. 
39 days without a cigarette today. 

Still have to resist the thoughts daily. But I'm fairly proud of myself. 
Man I am just a dude in my twenties (doing decently for myself) but I can't imagine both my father and my girlfriend doing that to me. 

It would be fucking devastating. I'm sorry to hear that man. I am glad to see you focusing on the points of contention that are still well for you. 
Honestly I'd take the hit in frame rate. I have a 4K panels that see little use despite their clarity because after using 144hz daily 60hz becomes a stutter fest and my eyes hate me. 

So 8k at 120hz for gaming might not be feasible (outside of lol and csgo); but for desktop use it would be the shit. 
Yes you do. The alpha bug has been around for a loooooooong ass time. I want to say since he lost his sword boots. 
>sandbox mode 
I feel like Kobe blew his enthusiasm load on CLG vs RNG and is trying to sleep after the best metaphorical sex of his life while being forced to cast this SUP vs SKT game. 
OH MY FUCKING GOD
As someone switching careers to networking relatively soon, this is the most fascinating thing. They are thinking WAY ahead of the curve. I think Rito games plans on being around for quite some time with this style of infrastructure built out. 
Mine went up in NA, but i'm on the west coast. We all suffered over here. 
"Origin access" is the subscription. Not origin in and of itself. 
YO SHIT LOOK LIKE YOU FOURTEEN
Oh my fucking god i had completely given up on ever identifying this. Thank you random stranger dude, this has truly made my day. 
I AM SO FUCKING GLAD I STAYED AWAKE FOR THIS SHIT
I quit just over a month ago after six years. You can do it too buddy. 
Trust me. This place is flooded with Californians. 
Man EU getting BTFO. Hope that vacay was worth it, ocelot. You're a joke now. 
GAME CONFIRMED TO BE TIGHT AS HECK
[MFW NA SHITS ON EU AFTER ALL THIS TIME!](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/363/404/e8e.jpg)
I volunteer as tribute. 
But he isn't wrong. Aren't you sick of the Reddit hivemind narrative? 

This websites community prides itself as logical.. And here we are. Talking about moral victories and empty hope instead of dealing with reality. 
I thought it was pretty clever. 
How many icons are in your task bar 0_o
NA doing their best to throw on a new stage. 


Damnit CLG :[ 
YYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEAHHHHHHHHHHHH BOYS
What about Krepo now? 
980ti here (even though you weren't interested in what I had to say) 

I will definitely be upgrading. VR is coming to my house in a big way. 
No love for stadium arcadium?

Some of John's best work IMO. 
I am an idiot. 


You're a tech support main and not familiar with g-sync? 

I did not mean v-sync. Which anyone who plays the game competitively should disable. 
It really is once you're used to it though, I played at 60Hz earlier this weekend to try the game at 4K and man I could not CS worth a damn compared to normal. 
G-sync will offset this. 
Raiders hit themselves in confusion! 
For you. 
ElliotRodger.png
It's not bad, especially out in suburbia.. But Las Vegas is unique in that it would be terrible for a major sports team. 
I live in Las Vegas. Everyone here is hyped as fuck about it. 

Everyone here is also a relative fucking idiot and id also like to see them stay in Oakland. Las Vegas is a terrible place of transient people and not a lot of money. 
F
Same here. :[ 
"American"


Someone woke up on the wrong side of the Atlantic this morning. 
Ender's Game. 

Not really eye opening so much as personality defining. After reading that in (middle school?) I turned into a narcissistic little shit during puberty and in my formative years. All that would eventually define my personality as somewhat of a straight shooting asshole. Most close friends from around this time even called me Dick in leu of my real name.

Probably something entirely different than what you wanted to hear, but whatever. 
Ducks bro :) pound it. 
I just don't really like it. Battery dies after a day of use which means constant charging, it's slower than my phone for doing anything, and the model I own retails for over 500 fucking dollars. 


My girlfriend got it for me for my birthday, I simply have to wear it because of that, and I really am not a huge fan. Would not pay $100 of my own money for it. 

Notifications on your wrist is a really cool thing though, it's how I saw your reply to my comment :) 
25 days without smoking here. 

This shit still made me cough and laugh like a retard in front of many coworkers. 
This has to be the most triggering thing about owning this piece of shit. 

I get asked like every other day "is that the new iwatch?" 

And I'm like.. Yeah but the name is Apple Watch. I feel like an autist correcting them but Christ it's annoying. 
"Plat 3 Nocturne Main. Spooky shit in queue" 
Tbh. I liked both his old stuff and his new work with bieber. I assumed he was producing and he made it sound great. 

But my opinion on bieber has done a complete 180 from like 10 years ago. He had arguably the best pop album of last year IMO. 
I heard him for like the first time in a decade awhile ago. 

I was like.. What the fuck that voice... Reminds me of high school who is this whaaaaat
I would urge you to listen to something recent like rap god and lyrically focus on what he's doing. 

Eminem is a misogynistic fucking manchild. HOWEVER. The motherfucker is arguably the best lyricist alive today. He is clearly operating on a different skill level than anyone else in music when it comes to double entendres and outright wordplay. And I don't mean him rapping fast. 

That being said, still a bit childish. I love his shit, but I'm not a white 40 something woman who would get offended by what he's saying. 
Man this hits me right in the fucking feel buttons. 

Animal death is something I can never rationalize. 
Yeah idk what I stumbled into here, good point. 
That looks like a.... Reliable.. Source.. You have there. 
Smells like 2007 in here. 
COLLUSION 
Every American will know without your comment. We don't call our teams "clubs" and arsenal is synonymous with EU. 
Yeah but if you put a Bronx Jewish person, a southern black person, and a dude from Oregon in a room full of Europeans we decide our differences are a pittance compared to being looped in with the EU people. 

Funny how that works. 
BenCarson.mp3
That's hardly villainous. Monte can't coach a dog to shit outside. 
actually very few. Maybe 500? It was changed during my California trip few weeks back. 

It does look gnarly. Perhaps it's the road. 
DP technically isn't "single" link. Its just what iteration of DP it is. Regardless though, youir DP to mini DP cable should carry a signal of 120HZ 1080P without issue. 

Avoid adapters if at all possible. 

things like Mini DP to DP adapter connected with a DP cable might not work. It always is a finnicky bitch when it comes to these sorts of things. 

For a 144hz monitor i recommend the Asus ROG Swift and it's IPS equivalent.Two things though your cable might not carry a 1440P 144hz signal through mini DP.. If you don't want to spend that money look at BenQ's earlier models that are 1080P sans G-Sync, much less bandwidth to carry and your laptop probably won't be hitting 144hz outside of CS:GO anyway. 
I will consciously avoid that steep of a lean angle into it. It was unnecessary had I looked further ahead. I could've ran in much straighter up and with a gentler throttle hand through the whole thing. 

As far as settings, I think I had DTC set to "2" and I was in race mode. 

I want to say EBC and abs were both set fairly low as well. 

I believe the bike caught traction from DTC at one point, if not, then my rear braking did, because the second it did everything went from somewhat controlled to me flying my ass into the pavement faster than my brain said I could survive from. 
I'm good! Broken clavicle and some scars for sure, but I'm still kicking it. 
Haha hell yeah! Thanks man. 
I see ya. 

The adjusters are hitting me up Monday. I'm hoping for a total tbh. So that's good news. My insurance is gonna be absurd after this regardless. 
Try the doom beta. It isn't bad for a few hours of entertainment.. Not a lot of depth though.. 

Most of the people i know are still into Dark Souls 3. 

I feel you though :[
Those speakers scream 2003 though. You gotta give it to him. 
While i have had fun playing this for a few hours today.. 

The reviews are right. It feels floaty as fuck compared to what you think of when you hear the words "arena shooter" 

Like some weird mashup of halo and that. 

There is one weapon on the map, a sterroid, and the OP as fuck revenant pickup. 

Its really skill based but theres not much satisfaction to be had because of the shitty gunplay. 

Either its an arena shooter, in which case drop the stupid perk and loadout system, or its a halo clone.. in which case i don't give a wet hot fuck because i dont want to play it anyway. 

Oh yeah, and fuck the 60FPS cap. It's a goddamn FPS on PC. Christ. 
Ride safe man! The bike didn't cause this, my lack of respect for the road did. Give her a twist for me. 
Nah not really. I ride year round. It gets chilly sometimes, but never any snow or ice here. Very similar to SoCal. 
Fuck! Ow! 

Yours looks way worse. 

At this rate I'm hoping they total it but I won't be upset if I get my bike back either. I love it dearly. It's been a day and I'm already getting cabin fever from driving my Subaru around. 
That's a pretty accurate breakdown of my memory. 

I remember the tire grabbing and my arms in front of me and thinking "I'm flying way to fast at the ground to survive this"

And then I hit and all I cared about was learning to breathe again. 
Yeah. Don't be like me. Wear more gear. 

Unless you don't want to. Then don't. 

I'm still alive. 
Nah the doctor basically said it heals on its own. Same as like a rib fracture. 

It's not super painful most of the time, it just jumps out and hits you at the most random of times. 
Hurts like a bitch but I'll make it through. :) just a stupid little bone. 
I believe I had it set to "2". 

I think it grabbed and in combination with my panic brake, caused the high side transition rather than the low side you'd expect from a gravel wash. 
Thanks dad. 
I'm gonna go ahead and throw my two cents in here, the clavicle is wayyy worse than the road rash. 

It keeps popping in and out and making me grimace like a bitch. 
That sounds like a quality weekend to me. You might be on to something there. 
There's a lot more damage than is evident in these two shots. The damaged side is on the ground. 

It's oil though. Still on my shoes from yesterday. 
If I had a dollar for every lecture I've gotten from a doctor or coworker in the last 24 hours... >_>
Can't remember precisely, but I want to say it was in the middle of the Palm from abrasions.  
Right at the northern intersection of Decatur and Lindell turning into the park there. 

I think it's Charles something park. 
You've hurt my feelings my man. 
It was actually a left turn. So it would've been a left side low side but traction kicked in after i initially lost it and I high sided the other direction. The bike carried the momentum over and smashed directly onto its right side. 


Also I did "AWWW FUCK IT" and kick my helmet after I got up from the road. 
The thing is, I was making a left turn. So it basically high sided me from my correction and launched me a good 15 feet, and all that inertia flipped the bike to the right side and straight into the pavement. 

If I would've rode through it I probably would've lowsided and escaped with some fairing damage and a nasty case of RR on my leg. 

Terrible feeling, carrying that momentum into the ground. 


I just wanted a few pictures of it down to remember it by. It's already been towed to a local shop here bud. Don't sweat it! She's well taken care of! 
Ha! Probably something cheaper if I'm going to continue to hoon around Vegas like I have been. 


Haha just Tylenol right now. I don't see the point in crying over spilled milk. What's done is done and I'll learn from it. 
Just a pair of sedici short leather ones with knuckle protection. 

Nothing fancy. The leather ripped but I don't have a scratch on my hands. 
I actually realized it could just be the oil pan. But fuck it. I'm hoping for a total anyway. 
Oh my god fuck that. 

Skin just getting rubbed off via heat and Pirelli. Damn dude. 

I'll make a pit stop at Walgreens tonight and see what's up. 
👍🏻
Off the top of my head, 

Fairings, levers, mirrors, one of the handlebars was hanging by a wire (cleaved the metal in two) pegs gone, and that leak didn't come from the oil cap, so there's probably a piercings in the case somewhere. 

They said they'd be calling me on Monday though. So I'm not sure. Idk how much it'll take to total it. 
I tried! 

Yeah it didn't happen. Lol
They gave me a script for some triple antibiotic ointment stuff. 
My girlfriend enjoyed rubbing that into me last night. Stings like a bitch but nothing on me was super deep or anything. 
Yeah. Idk if they're going to total it or what. We'll see. It's gonna suck a fat one either way for my wallet. 
Yknow I actually got Starbucks yesterday too. 

What a tool I am. Like a perfect cardboard cutout of a Ducati douche nozzle. 

However, right before I made sweet love to the asphalt I had some bomb teriyaki. So I've got that going for me. 
Sounds like your ankle was wayyy more serious. It honestly ain't that bad. 

When I was a teenager I snapped my elbow and that was way worse than this. I'll be alright as long as I can learn to sleep on my back. Lol
What sucks is that my last 2 bikes had em. And they never saw any use. 

Bah humbug. :p 
Nah. It was an infrequently traveled public road. 
Something called Norco. I think it's a hydrocodone. 

I haven't taken any because I'm at work currently. I'm not much of a narcotics person if I can help it. 

Probably just stick to Tylenol unless it really hurts. 
I wasn't wearing nearly enough. 

My RF1200 helmet proved its weight in gold. My head was bouncing like a ragdoll and the damn sena system didn't even hesitate. 

My gloves are trashed but did their job. 

My north face jacket (lol) ripped instantly and I've got some nice tears on my side and all down my right arm to show for it. 

My jeans tore but my legs are actually mint. 

REALLY wish I would've broke out the leather jacket. But it was humid  and I was foolish. 
Yknow. It's weird. The oil cap was still on after we picked it up. I guess that means the engine has a hefty crack in it somewhere. 

But yeah man that's atleast $75 in Ducati™ Oil there in the road. 
Yeah I think a sumo is in my future. Next time when I eat shit the most painful part will be the broken bones and not the sight of thousands of dollars in fairing damage. 

Lel. 
Before I get lambasted,

I leaned into it wayyyy too far and overcommitted once i felt the back end go out. This is 100% my fault for not preparing for the conditions at hand and generally riding like a goon in a less than ideal corner. 

I've got a snapped clavicle and a dislocated shoulder and enough road rash to make a Sega game to show for it. 

My fate lies with geico and painkillers now. I just wanted to share with everyone. 
Mortgage isn't rent. 


Fuck this guy. 

You do you man. Not everyone is the marriage and family cardboard cutout their mother wants them to be. 
Can confirm 