got 100mb but I guess its a lot of ppl downloading now

Downloading! But the speed is sloooow.....
«Ohhh shit.....ahhh whatever.....YOLO!!»
Wow, thanks!
From all zombies on hard mode. 
Yeap, have to activate hard mode and clear floors. And you can only kill Blind One in hard mode, not the Big One. 
You doin it right 👍
In the lobby, nope. All other floors ok. 
Nah not really, i look for the volume/power button before i grab it. 
and time doesn't match neither, but looks good anyway :-)
I just checked and i cant really see any difference :-/
You mean [this](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208137)?
That hurts!
Hope they include HC TDM aswell....
Usually it gets me smiling when someone ragequits because of me. Gives me motivation really.
One shot, one kill. It doesnt matter if you got a Vesper in your hands.
But seriously, i switched to HC since black ops 1 and rarely play core. The main reason i started to play HC is the lag in Core. Hitmarkers, hitmarkers, hitmarkes, the whole clip into enemy and still you die. In HC i got rid of that problem, even tho i still get hitmarkers in here but i wouldnt get angry coz it doesnt happen every single gunfight....
My reaction is pretty allright so im winning more gunfights than im losing.
The campers, yes they are there, hiding in the bushes but i got used to them and learned how to deal with it.
Yea thats a big fix. Finally i can continue on body challenges.
That is Razorback with ELO and quickdraw.
Probably :) I play only hardcore TDM/KC/Dom.
....are you that person that tries your best to get into killcam? I dont know why but i am one of them ^^
Wow, nice. Congrats! Iam missing 2 of that set.
Level 186 with 11 days played. Ive been farming heavly on double XP days, that helped alot.
And thats how you take off the jacket :p
Cool. Nicely animated too.
Olala that aim!
Yea, not that special but at least its animated.
A screenshot would help abit
Ive seen it before but where.....hmmm. I got one more set completed, will post it when i get home.
Thats sucks indeed. What i do is smashing that share button to save the last minutes of gameplay. Sometimes it fails, then i have to dig into theater mode and find that clip.
...aiming is off as usual...
Swindler! And i just got it on M8 yesterday, couldn't be happier.
Him jumping at the end, made me laugh ^^
....and your ripper was ready! You could join that party :-)
Point taken. I forgot to mention that you can easily tell if they are legit or not by looking at the leaderboard. If theirs rank is the same as in the lobby, they are legit. If they dont show up at all, that is a new hacked account with no multiplayer stats what so ever.
Every master prestige for you is hackers? You can't be serious. Ive been playing between 2-6 hours everyday since launch and now I'm lvl180. Playing mainly TDM/KC.
Worked fine for me. Dont give up, keep trying.
I was thinking about the same. Im level 170 and playing mainly HC TDM/FFA....so if i go play another game mode, i will most likely be reported.
I can't believe it! Is there actually another map than Combine?!
Thats a golden care package!
I didn't mean to say its gone forever. Its just bugged now and I'm sure Treyarch will fix it after holiday break.
For some people, including me, the map doesn't show up at all now. Like i said, a couple of weeks ago it DID show up but when it was loading into the match, people got kicked out.
Probably. They selling it like a hot bread on eBay. Shame.
It is out of map rotation since its bugged. A couple of weeks ago when  you got into Exodus, you would get kicked at loading screen.
That might be true, for some players. Just play with them one game and check the leaderboard afterwards, see if it updates or not. And i think the reason they are not showing on leaderboard at all is that they create new account with no stats what so ever and glitching it to master, that way theirs stats will always be frozen. My theory.
Give them your care packages.
I CANT GET 6 KILLS WITH A FUCKING ANNIHILATOR FOR HERO CHALLENGE! HOW HARD CAN IT BE! FOR FUCK SAKE! 1/6
I think they increased chance of getting Combine since Exodus bugged and out of map rotation. For now.
If i see someone shooting at me, i shoot them back. People are jerks.
Im playing only HC since black ops 1 and i must say black ops 3 has less campers than any other CoD. Of course, they are there but less.
I love you all HC players!
My favs is Metro, Infection, Havoc, Fringe, Exodus, Breach, Aquarium, Redwood, Evac, Hunted, Stronghold....did i miss anything?....hmm

On serious note, the Stronghold and Hunted is my favs.
hehe that was funny
Thats a lot of John Cenas there.....
Its funny that it seems like everybody is brainwashed about DM, no offense. No, I'm not playing hardcore for headshot, thats my regular mode :)
RIP friend
Nice! Rejack and HIVE was worst for me...
Nice panic reaction :P
The worst part for me is when someone accidentally stepping into my gunfire, dies, respawns and killing me on purpose back.....

Or killing me right in front of my KC tag so he could grabb it.....thats just low.
Combine? Never heard of it....
Iam allright i guess.

https://i.imgur.com/CVBzeaB.jpg
Outrider is bugged. Dont bother.
Merry Christmas! (I would have been totally devastated if i was him :))
This is not quite right. I'm 130 master prestige with over 32k kills, i play only hardcore modes and when i went to core domination to do seraph challenge (her gun is useless in hardcore) i checked the leaderboard and i was like prestige 5-6.....i figured that was the last time i played core domination. So it wont register your current prestige if you haven't played it for a while.
4-100 and still going! wow......i would rage long time ago, sell the game and never turned on my PS again....
Had me laughing there, but one question.....why did you run away?:p
Common ones is worthless, been opening rare since the patch.
Yea, thats what i ment.
Rejack rapid kill is done and I’ve just unlocked all hero gear! Celebration tonight! (That sucker is a pain in the ass, never gonna use him again.....)
Rejack rapid kill is done and I’ve just unlocked all hero gear! Celebration tonight!
Amen.
Looking forward to see that :)
haha nice one
Looks like it is from a Cute Animals set. I dont have this specific card but i got 3 others.
Managed to collect a rare calling card set. Pretty nice if you like the disco ^^
I FUCKING HATE HITMARKERS IN HARDCORE! THAT SHOULDNT BE FUCKING POSSIBLE! EVEN WITH M8! WTF 
Ofcourse its not alright but what can we do.....complain more here on reddit
Yep, you lose your scorestreak.
I have no clue. Maybe some settings on TV/PS4, i dont know really...
As a hardcore player i got used to that, even if I'm on a killstreak....upset but totally normal.......:-/
Yep, happens to me pretty often. What i do is to throw my C4 away and double tap square right away. That way it will blow as soon as it lands and gets armed, even if i get killed. But it doesn't happen all the time, just random. Dont know if its bugged or what.
Razorback Shadowstrike with quickdraw, suppressor, grip, stock and fmj. Looks pretty sick i must say.
It looks nice. The FMJ makes the difference really.
Batterys 80s Flash is my fav. Love the colors :)
M8A7 Northwoods with long barrel, quickdraw, fast mags, fmj and rapid fire. Sorry, dont have stock and suppressor...yet.
Same issue. HCTDM. Norway.
yeap, thats true
Same here. Probably its only on hardcore.