•Firefox
-Uses less battery

Not in my case. On both Linux Mint, Manjaro (Gnome) and Windows 10, Firefox will used 800MB with 1 tab open and refuses to release RAM once a tab is closed. For Linux I personally prefer Gnome WEB over it on Linux. For Windows I use Chromium, though I do use Firefox, I’m just trying to fix the current issues I have with FF
I remember when I had a Windows Phone everyone I knew thought the bottom oriented UI was ugly. It feels awesome to see the Internet prove otherwise 
I honestly thought they just eat plants and natural sugars (fruit, veggies)
I honestly never knew. In the area where I live, you rarely see them so they might be why
Dragonflies eat other bugs?
Scanner Pro by readdle for the win
How did Toby McGuire kill it?
This app has existed since 2013.
An Office Assistant
Why not tomb raider?
I have a 39 Year old adopted uncle. My grandma had 5 girls and never had a boy so she adopted one. They didn’t tell her that my uncle was special so they didn’t find out until later. (I’m 17 atm, so these are going by what I’ve been told by family members) Back in the late 90s and early 2000s, they noticed some strange violent behaviors from him. He would physically get in fights with people because his friend “Javier” told him to. This is when they found out he was Schizophrenic. He behavior only got worse so they put him in a mental house from 2003-2005. His behavior was was much better but still not gone.

Skip to 2010, I was 9 and my younger sister was 7. While my younger sister was sleeping, he got underneath the covers and snuggled her. 
Might seem innocent at first, but that’s just the beginning. He started telling her he loved her and would tell her all the time and kiss her when she was asleep. This is when my younger sister said he groped her butt. He wasn’t allowed to our house for a few months. When he was allowed back, he again, slightly improved but still has sexual feelings for her. To this day, (She’s now 15) he will tell her that he wants to marry him and sometimes even touches her in inappropriate places. For instance, She was playing on her Xbox about 2 months ago and he asked if he could sit next to her. She said yes. So, he sits next to her, wraps his arms around her and squeezes her boob. My mom and grandma don’t believe this, but all my siblings (24F, 22M, 20M, 15F, 11F) know he does this shit.

As for more recent events, my 3 year old nephew who acts like a toddler does was yelling because he was having fun throwing a ball with me. My uncle was already annoyed that day, but when my nephew yelled one more time, he said I’m raised voice “I’ll slap [Nephews name]!!” I completely freaked out and said “YOU EVER LAY A FUCKING FINGER ON HIM AND ILL KICK YOUR FUCKING ASS”. He shut up afterwards but then started yelling at my grandma about this later that day.

I don’t know if my grandparents or mom wish he was aborted or non-adopted, but my dad, siblings and friends wish he was aborted or gone. There’s a lot more I’ve left out but here’s a gyst of what he has done to my siblings and family:
* Punched my eldest sister and cornered her
* Tried to get in many fights with my eldest brother when he was in adolescence
* He’s never done anything to me personally because I’ve always stood my ground
*Would pull hair of my 2nd eldest brother when he was 8
* Touches my younger sister in inappropriate places [has done so since she was 9 and is now 15]
* Has slapped and yelled at my 11 year old sister
* Has threatened to kill all of us, along with my nephew
Envy is my favorite FMA Villain but I always despised him for what he did to Hugh’s. His death was even worse in the manga seeing his daughter asks things in front of her widow mother.
Here’s my sent box: https://youtu.be/l3zq2r742d4

Edit: 2 days without a reply cuz he knows his ass is lying.
Oh really? Reply with a screenshot.
That’s adorable
1. I had to wait less than 15 seconds for the time to change. 
2. I meant to reply to myself for context you dolt
3. Any replies to your thread will appear as PMs. The fact that you've been on reddit for 8 fucking years and don't understand this is saddening. 
Oh look, I managed to recreate it! *note the time!*

https://i.imgur.com/7kQbpxo.jpg 
You asked the question when it was 6:21 which is why the minutes are out of sync. You’re calling people stupid while simultaneously not understanding how time works.
Airmail
Get off the stage
To think these use to run on Windows XP
You’re so fucking lucky. I literally only want that event skin. I have leveled up over 55 levels now, and still haven’t gotten it. 

55 Lootboxes with 4 Items each = 220 

220 times that a skin could have appeared but didn’t.
Honestly that is just complete bullshit. I understand that lootboxes are suppose to be random, but the fact that someone can consistently get great items while another gets shit is insane. Here’s to hoping you get more skins before this event ends.
I JUST got Sombras. When I asked the same thing [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/8dk2rr/is_anyone_else_having_a_hard_time_getting_event/), a user claimed I was trying to "phish" for lootboxes. 

I'm glad that this thread has real responses. these lootboxes fucking suck. 
> Having a Widow in your team sucks. That’s one less person grouping up to work together to take on the enemy team. 

While they aren't grouping up with the team, Widowmakers still take away health and kill. The whole point of her character is to damage the enemy team from a distance for her team to capture the point, or prevent a payload. A Widow grouping up with the team almost always means death. 

> Having a Widow on the enemy team sucks. Nothing but sudden instadeath, discovering it’s a Widow, then making the annoying switch JUST to counter them, **keeping you away from the team to deal with just one player.**

Doesn't this contradict the purpose of your post? That widowmakers only focus on one person?


> Sure, it takes skill to be Widow, and those who play her, I’m sure it feels GREAT to snipe people...I just wish she didn’t exist so so much of my time isn’t spent dealing with one character so often.

I hate Widowmaker because I choose to attempt to deal with one! 


> I love Overwatch because of the team aspect; working together, grouping up, playing off of each other’s strengths to victory. Having Widow as a pick does none of that, either as an enemy or teammate.

While Widows aren't grouping with her team, she is still working together with the team, killing people from distance to either avoid the defending team from spawn camping or preventing them from getting to the objective. The only time **"Having Widow as a pick does none of that, either as an enemy or teammate.
"** is true is when they play her on small or cluttered maps such as Lijiang Tower or the last payload part of Hollywood. 
When was EEE last relevant? Microsoft has literally been extinguishing their own products for the past decade.
Thank you! Just what I wanted
Sweet forward momentum! 
Yes it is. iamthis was asked about this and confirmed it was. 
Same. I miss Safari on Windows.
I will too. Only reason I really have chrome on iOS is to sync with my desktop 
I personally think it looks ugly as hell, but I found this while looking for flags. The flag to enable this is: **chrome://flags/#ui-refresh-phase-1**
This article is from 3 days ago. 
I'm not justifying this use case, but on Android I would search for Pro APKs of apps I planned to buy to see if I'd like it, and if I did I would purchase the app (Tasker, Cloud Player, etc).
Have you tweaked your settings? IIRC, you can set what categories you see. 
Google News learns to curate news from sources you like, or may be interested in. 
Ah, my bad. 
While this will be great, that new tab page is ugly. 
Exactly. 
I started using AdGuard in 2013 on Windows, and when I got my iPhone 6s back in 2016 when I first switched to iPhone, AdGuard Pro was one of the first apps I bought. I also bought 1Blocker and enjoyed it but as stated in the Original post, I don't like where this is heading. The lack of updates was the last straw for me 
Just because I don’t like her doesn’t mean I’m not going to help her. If you actually read my post history, you’d know that she stole money from me and in that /r/RBN thread, got advice to hide money or put it into a bank account.

I’m not trying to make anyone feel sorry because again, if you read the comment, he jokingly said “The problem is you haven’t gone up sixty”. In reply, I told him I couldn’t due to me helping my mom with her CNA shit lately.

If you’re going to make up assumptions and look through someone’s post history, get your shit straight.
Why in earth would I phish for lootboxes? I’m asking people if they’ve had any luck with this event.
FaceID never failed. Craig has two devices and picked up the wrong one.

Edit: Yes, downvote me for stating a fact. I fap to your downvotes 
Ugh so lucky. I payed for 20 lunar loot boxes and got the awesome Zarya skin, mercy skin and McCree skin but that was it. I would buy loot boxes but am short on money atm. 
I use Fanboy, AdGuard’s Annoy, mobile ads and anti Adblock removal 
Really wish I could but I assist my mother as a CNA
Honestly, I don't feel like paying for this app again. (1Blocker X) So I am moving to AdGuard permanently now. Filters are updated via the app, not app updates. 
*Fixed a bug that allowed players to reach unintended locations in Horizon Lunar Colony*

Yet you can still put Torbjorn turrets on top of the door lmao 
IIRC, Hulu is a Joint Venture between Fox, WB and Disney.
Could have credited OP.
And again, the app is still new. It’s going to get better with future releases just like ProTube.
Before the patch, I swear it was always a stubborn Bastion, Orisa or Symettra fucking the team over
> Literally every other YouTube app I’ve ever used **loads 1080p videos faster.** That should not be a problem with 50 MBit/s LTE

Implies that it does work, it’s just slow.
The app is still new. 
Pharah main here too. I remember when she was just released I couldn’t play my main because people used Pharah or Junkrat to counter her. So happy those days are over 
You keep calling people Fanboy's in your recent comments, but I don't think you actually grasp what that means. If anyone disagrees with you, or counters your comment, you call them a Fanboy. It's pretty weak for conversations tbh. 

Nothing I did was Fanboy behavior. All I said is all companies do this. Microsoft, Google, Apple, etc. 

Nobody is here is a "fanboy" but you. 

For instance, in this [Vivaldi/Firefox](https://www.reddit.com/r/firefox/comments/8aa9fi/im_switching_from_vivaldi_to_firefox_how_can_i/dxiv690/?context=3) thread, a user was asking about features that Vivaldi has, but not Firefox. Your response? **HAHA, FUCKING SHILL! YOU'RE OBSESSED AND DISTURBED, ALWAYS WHINING ABOUT FIREFOX!**

A user makes a comment about a feature missing from [iOS](https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/8by0uz/we_should_ban_targeted_advertising/dxck61p/?context=3): Your response? **LOL YOU TRUST APPLE LOL FANBOY**

A user talks about [Chrome](https://www.reddit.com/r/firefox/comments/8aa9fi/im_switching_from_vivaldi_to_firefox_how_can_i/dxbkdv6/?context=3)? Your response? **LOL FIREFOX ROCKS TAKE YOUR SHITTY VALUES AND AND GO TO /R/CHROME**


And [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/firefox/comments/8aa9fi/im_switching_from_vivaldi_to_firefox_how_can_i/dxiv690/?context=3), you want to start arguments, but never want to finish them. That's just a *small* part of your post history. 

So instead of acting condescending torwards other users, look at your post history next time before you type. 
Are you loading videos at 1080p? It's going to be slow. 
I've tried giving Firefox many tries, but it doesn't play well with Adguard (Program) and doesn't feel smooth like Chrome.
And? All companies want you trapped in their ecosystem. 
I’m pretty sure all companies do this.
Make a subscriptions tab instead of trending please
Definatly TrueCaller. I deleted it immedaitly after finding that out. Hiya however, is integrated into Samsung devices and T-Mobile's service :) All you have to do is download the app if you don't have a samsung device (or T-Mobile)
When it does happen, Try Hiya :(
This is too cute
I was mocking OP and siding with you, but I guess not everyone understands sarcasm
Ah damn. I used Google Voice for the spam filter :(
An opinion isn't based on fact, but on view. So you can't call it incorrect. You call people Edge Lords, "Bundle of Twigs", etc for not agreeing with you, but keep replying to these posts that disagree with you. 



I feel like they're getting to you, otherwise you would have never responded cause they aren't worth your time, but instead you find yourself replying to every "incorrect opinion". 
You have a different opinion than me /u/ContestofBadServers? INCORRECT! NEXT QUESTION!

This OP is like Donald Trump. If you disagree with him, he calls you incorrect.
He never insulted anyone though. In fact, the only person who insulted someone was OP over /u/Flux85 making a joke. 
Actual Non Clickbait Title: Microsoft keeps cozying up to former rival Linux, and will now use it to secure web-connected gadgets
You lucky son of a bitch!
I liked AA until Joe started freaking out at people who used Adblock saying it would take his revenue away. I told him I would block ads and auto refresh on his articles and he told me that wouldn’t effect his revenue. I then asked him why does it matter if it doesn’t effect him. There’s more to it, like I told him I blocked them for privacy reasons and mobile data reasons and then mocked me about me blocking ads for privacy.

I’ve switched over to Android police and Phandroid. Both of which have high quality articles compared to the sponsored shit AA posts.
I prefer chrome for flags to be honest. 
Yep, unfortunately still hurts :-(
You’re right. You just felt the need to justify yourself a month later when this post is off the front page.
It’s things like this that make me love the overwatch  community 
*replies one month later*
What are we supposed to be feeling? There is no emotional context here. 
“While racism isn’t against the rules, it’s not welcomed here”

If racism is not welcomed here, then why the fuck is The Donald still operating? 

“Instead of trying to control what people can and cannot say through rules is to repudiate these views in a free conversation”

Then why do people get banned all the time for offensive language?

All your answers are bullshit and you need to be removed from your position as CEO. 

It’s really a shame that Aaron was removed from the company he help create and died because the shit going on right now with Reddit he would never tolerate.
iCloud was never leaked, people used the same password for every site 
Then why are humans so much smarter? /s

Being serious though, I’m surprised no one has disagreed with you. Coming from Utah, if you said that, people would look at you weirdly 
Or when you forget you have headphones connected to your laptop and your laptop falls 
> It's not really anything apple tried to do, either. It's almost peer pressure in a way. Apple used to offer the best products on the market (don't start a flamewar) and gained their popularity. Teens realized everyone else had an iPhone so they got one. As apple traps you in their ecosystem, people just didn't leave.

As a teenager, this is partially incorrect. In Jr High and High School, people switched from Android to iPhone from issues like lagging or updates, to FaceTime and iMessage. 
You were being racist, 99% of his comment was an English. If he was using Hindi, he was talking directly to someone. If you really fucking wanted to know what he said, you’d use Google Translate.
I’d rather not increase the size of this game as much as they did for this event. 
There is no such thing as “Indian” language. India speaks English and Hindi. He was talking to another Indian. Don’t be a racist cunt. Considering your just a random Reddit user, the person you’re talking to has never seen you so your comment is invalid.
I’m glad my crooked teeth are being fixed, but the appearance never really bothered me to be honest 😅 My moms insurance was able to cover me though (I’m 17) and I was given a choice which is pretty cool!

Definitely worth it in the end!
I have noticed when I do something (Music, video games) I don’t notice as much until I get a “pressure” pain
How did you handle it without painkillers? It’s feels like a toothache, but without the pulsing pain and is very uncomfortable to me 😭
Thank you for creating this! 
The new looked helped kill it, but it was the system being fucked up by v4 that fucked up everything. As stated from people above, v4 wasn't just a new look, but digg completely getting its voting system fucked up. 
Well good thing I'm not in the millennial age group! 

You not caring about an opinion sounds like being a beta male because you refuse to accept people have different feelings about things then you do 
RAWR
People have a different opinion than me. 

**BETA MALE!!**

*HA, That'll show 'em!*
Digg died because the redesign and complete overhaul of how the feed appeared. All Reddit is doing is changing its look.. There's more than likely going to be an option to use the classic site. 
Textra (I bought pro when I used Android) had a host of features like a better notification when getting texts, scheduled text messages (really great when you were sick at 2am and needed to contact someone to tell them you won’t be at work, but don’t look weird by sending it so early), customize the interface from the color of the bubbles to the theme of the app (light, dark) and a host of other features. When I had my HTC One M9, it made texting so much better as HTCs skin of Android was mediocre 
/u/ragsy1224 Can I have some? 🐝😛
People who don't bother playing around with Android's capabilities
Nice job on choosing Mint! By far the best distro imo
Ironic this was posted on Tumblr (Yahoo!)
Are you using Textra?
If you don’t care, why do you keep only replying to the people who call you a fake?
Go through his post history. He got called out for faking it over in the other sub he posted it on.
Please add an epilepsy flair
THEY BETTER NOT BE FUCKING WITH US! IF I DONT UNLOCK THIS DURING THE EVENT IM GOING TO CRY
I flex myself as I feel picking one hero over and over would get very stale, but I think people should be able to play who they’re comfortable playing with. If you want to always play mercy, that’s fine, I could use your healing. If you want to play as D.va or Winston, you’re great at distracting the enemy team. Someone shouldn’t be reported and potentially banned from a game they bought just because how they play, especially in Quick Play. If you’re playing competitive, then I can totally understand where this guy comes from.
Reminds me of the chamber of secrets 
Can someone ELI5 why this keeps happening to Syria?
I love how you’re talking about using Alts while simultaneously using an alt that’s 2 days old.
*can afford an iPhone X*
*cant crop a photo*
It doesn’t matter if it’s “one of the better apps”. Microsoft has made some stupid fucking decisions as of late like adding this button (that he literally says in the article) and that forcing Edge bullshit. 

He shouldn’t need to troubleshoot software for it to function properly. Fucking imagine doing that for every piece of software you use instead of working as advertised.
There's nothing clickbaity about a company ruining software. 
To be fair, if he hit send, it would be expected that the app actually did it. 
I believe this to be normal. My cousin had her removed and had hers infected/open and she told me that it only hurt when she put the syringe in the area. 
I feel(t) the same way you are right now. When you do get them out, take ibuprofen right before the local anesthetic wears off. Stick to mashed potatoes and chicken noodle soup (be careful with veggies and chicken) for the first few days. I got mine out last Thursday and have been able to eat food since Monday, though YMMV. 

If you can, try to see if your dentist or doctor can prescribe you a single anti-anxiety pill an hour before surgery because as stated above, it made me feel really good right before surgery.

Remember to stay away from Orange Juice if you drink smoothies (I do) as Orange juice can aggravate the sockets. Pineapple is fine. Don't drink anything with seeds (berries (which happen to be my favorite fruit 😭), watermelon, poppyseed) and try to stay away from seasoning. If pepper or salt get in there, it'll hurt. 

As for brushing, I didn't brush with toothpaste until today as it just burned the area. In the meantime, rinse your mouth with salt water, and if you have any, non mint toothpaste.

I'm wishing you the best of luck!

/r/Kitler
Too much glare and mist
Yes you will get used to the size. I used to use an iPhone 6s and adjusted to the 8 Plus within a week. The camera on the 8 Plus is amazing, much better than what I had on the 6s
Use what you like. 
> They won’t use your photos in ads, but they will show you ads based on what they detect in your photos.

Stop making stupid conspiracy theories 
TIL how fucked up Native American torture can be

Edit: I'm aware this isn't just indians, I never said it was. All I said is that what they did is fucked up. Stop making blind assumptions 
Looks like something straight out of tron
I'm a prick? You automatically assumed a tone from what I posted. The user was asking about Flyover. The VR thing they're talking about came out in 2011. 

Edit: I should add the gyroscope feature was added with iOS 11

You're literally giving me cancer with each response you give. 
Looking at his post history, he's just a troll. 
Before you insult someone and make yourself look stupid, make sure to Google shit. [https://www.cultofmac.com/173690/here\-all\-all\-the\-cities\-you\-can\-flyover\-in\-ios\-6\-maps\-gallery/](https://www.cultofmac.com/173690/here-all-all-the-cities-you-can-flyover-in-ios-6-maps-gallery/)

It's sad I've had an iPhone for less than 3 years and still know more about the history of iOS than most people. 
No. In fact, this came out when maps was first released in 2012. 
Holy shit that's amazing! How did you figure out you could do that? 
And as you can tell from my username, I love Windows/Windows phone. The biggest reason it failed is because it didn't have OEM support, not because the lack of apps. While the app situation was bad, the companies that created phones typically never updated them to newer versions of the OS because they more than likely had to pay Microsoft unless it was a lumia phone because it wouldn't cost Microsoft anything because they owned Nokia. The reason Android succeeded and Windows Phone didn't is because Android is free to use, making it much more attractive to developers. I've used all 3 major platforms. iOS and Android succeeded where Windows Phone didn't because they had good support from Apple and Google. Windows Phone got updates maybe one or twice every 3 years where as Android and iOS get new versions each year. 
Mom: Care to try some of my cookies? 

Morbo: Morbo shouldn't. Oh heck, I suppose morbo could destroy one or two of them 
my tube allows you to pin channels 
So if you don’t use it, why bother commenting? Seems counterintuitive. 
You are so wrong about Windows Phone. Windows Phone died because OEMs had to pay Microsoft money to use the OS, whereas Android was free. 
iPhone 8 Plus | Happy Holidays!
AFAIK, they do.
Didn't munich do the reverse a year or two ago?
Thanks for the kind words! My brother is talking to his bank about adding me to his account 
I played with one at the Apple Store recently and am so glad I chose google home and Chromecast over it.
If he really wanted to be annoying, he’d be Mei or Ana (sleep darts)
Nope. I have a Google Home and Chromecast rarely use it. When I do, I prefer the one port over having a few ports.
The battery price will raise once again at the end of the year 
USA
No problem. I hope I didnt' cause any problems
I’ll talk to him about it tomorrow morning as it’s 9:28pm where he is 
As the other guy said, Raising doesn’t mean shit. My mother chose to have me, and spend the money on all of her children (6). What I posted today is a small fragment of the shit she has done to both to me and my siblings.

My oldest sister: was forced to drop out of high school to take care of my baby sister when my mom had a broken pelvis. Frequently wants to shit on my sisters education (she got a GED) and has put my sister in more debt than you’ll ever fucking imagine

My Oldest Brother: Aside from having church officials break his stuff, repeatedly harass him, he had told my mom for years that his stomach/chest hurt. She had her boyfriend pick him up by the neck and let yelled at him. It wasn’t until 2009 (3 years after complaining about his stomach) that my dad got custody of him and had his gall bladder removed.

Me: I came out as gay and she started freaking out and yelling at me, has beat me up for being an atheist and pulled the shit she did today.

The Gyst? Don’t fucking tell people how to think or feel when you have no fucking idea what happens behind the screen of a device.
Tell me about it. I was 12 and told my mom I was an atheist and she beat the he’ll out of me till the point I was crying. Not to mention she cornered me so I couldn’t escape 
The thing is, this money was given to me for medical reasons via my dad. If she had asked me if she could use it, I would have been fine. I don’t like being stolen from. Go through my comment history and you’ll see how she got the money 
Hmm, I didn’t think about that that’s pretty smart! 
Thanks for the kind words!
Thanks for that message, it shows everything I wish my mom was like.

I’m OK about the money though, keep it! I don’t feel good about taking others money
Alright. I’ll make a Google Docs spreadsheet 
Exactly! If they just told the truth or asked first, I wouldn’t be pissed, but its behavior like this that pisses me the fuck off.

Edit: grammer
That’s what I think I’m going to do for now on. Unlike my mom, my older sister actually cares about people. She’s saved me and talked me out of suicide with some events that happened a few years ago. I’m male btw. I think the equivalent would be putting the money on my crotch. Not only would she be hesitant to touch it, if she does, she’ll be charged with touching a minor 😂😀 
That really fucking pisses me off. I don’t know why narcissists think they’ll entitled to money because they are told to give it to other people 
Should’ve added this, but unfortunately we have to use my brothers account to exchange money with my dad because he knows (my dad) she does this. My brother was dropped off before she did this, he was also concerned for me and thought the money was mine.
Unfortunately in Utah, at least in my city, we have the big guys (chase, Wells Fargo, etc)
Thankfully my parents are divorced. My dad would never pull something like this, but my mom does it all the time. I’ll be investing in some objects I can hide my money in for sure though!
Smart idea! I think I’ll hide it in my phone case 
Typical narcissistic response from a narcissist POV. You’re always remembering something differently than how the N is 
It’s ok now, I’ve been eating mashed potatoes and drinking Gatorade (which unfortunately upsets my stomach) and haven’t been too hungry today. Though yesterday night after the surgery I was starving and had Jamba Juice 
No no no! Keep your money!  You sound like a much more concerned and understanding mom than mine; she would want people to baby her if this happened to her, but because it didn’t/doesn’t she’ll shit all over ya.
Unfortunately, I’m 17 so atm, I don’t believe I can create a bank account. Thanks for the tips btw
ProtonVPN
Apple Music. I find Apple Music to curate music much better than Spotify personally. Aside from that, as stated, Apple Music sounds much better than Spotify due to file differences 
The Original High - Adam Lambert. I fucking love this album.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix8ocFEMa1o&list=PLVxPs8LeUxV7bYAWC5cbqNNFfVKXYSs5D
Edward........
Oh, I don’t know why people are being asses and down voting me as our Apple Store is literally called Apple Park: https://www.apple.com/retail/stationpark/
You’re wrong. Chrome can export passwords https://i.imgur.com/8IzhnTX.png
Apple Park in Farmington Utah? 

Edit: Yes, Downvote me, Show me them downvotes, they’re making me white 
I’m getting really bad anxiety as I get mine removed March 29th 2018 and I feel my heart pulsing, I have butterflies in my stomach and I’m actually feeling sick to my stomach. 

Edit: looks like I have anxiety induced nausea 😣

Is there anything I should know? Is there anything you wished you know? Thank you! 👏
Gagging on an empty stomach hurts like hell though (at least with IBS)
Looks like blue tits eggs
~~It’s 2 years old, and the A11 chip is much better than what the iPhone 7 has~~
Wrong thread

Try checking background app refresh in settings or a restore 
Looks good! If i recall correctly, they describe Minerva as a young women with black hair so it’d be interesting to see what you come up with! (I also love Maggie Smith)

Edit: Here’s a great depiction of her https://ehay.deviantart.com/art/McGonagall-and-Umbridge-OotP-451476744
You’d be mistaken.
You can block ads system wide. Apple just made it harder for devs to do so. I use AdGuard and Weblock and never see ads
If you have enough money, for for the 8 Plus. The camera is amazing, and the performance blows my previous iPhone 6s out of the water.
What iPhone do you have because this never happens to me
Apple tends to release updates 4PM in PST. So depending on where you are, will depend on when it will release today. For instance, I live in Utah and we are in MST which is one hour ahead which means, if it’s released today, I’ll see it at 5PM.
If you think that was a burn, you might be handicapped. 
No you didn’t, because there is a watermark for a Twitter account. Karma Whore.
Do a Minerva one next!!!
Does this require a flag?
Not exactly. Blocking email would imply you’d never see it anywhere in your inbox. Sending to Spam won’t make you see it, but it doesn’t stop stop the emails.
That doesn’t surprise me coming from XDA.
Gmail doesn’t let you block emails, only send to spam.
That doesn’t make them an asshole, it shows they have poor designing skills. Nothing about this is asshole-ish at all.
That’s not asshole design. That’s poor design.
> I set myself for tracking the bugs and requests, not to be tech support and certainly not for taking shit from stupid people.

You made a thread about tracking bugs and didn't expect people to talk about bugs and vent? Seems silly.
Not once did he refer to you as the dev, he was only responding to you when you replied to him. Aside from that, stating something but not giving links to something is like claiming fact without evidence.

As for calling him entitled, There is nothing entitled about him paying money for a product (or an IAP to unlock features) only for the app to misbehave. Being frustrated by paying for a product only for it to misbehave is understandable. I’ve spent over 400$ on software on both Android and iOS and Windows. The reason I and most people pay for apps is because paid apps have better quality, features locked behind them or to support future development. If I spent that much money and all these apps didn’t function properly or were glitchy, I’d be pissed. 

While I agree he didn’t have to be rude about it, you setting yourself up as a “bug tracker” without being a moderator of the sub, you brought this upon yourself.
I agree. I love Apollo with all of my heart, but the app is very buggy and I’m starting to find that I prefer Readder over Apollo just for the fact that all the issues in Apollo are non-existent in Readder, not to mention a few other ways to handle media. I keep coming back to Apollo though for its simple interface, but a few timed a day I experience slow losing images, gifs poor performance and weird pale previews on my iPhone 8 Plus..
Except they wouldn’t, because your not the dev. 
With iOS, you are literally forced to delete an app before you can re-install it. iOS isn’t Windows/macOS.
If you read the post, he said he already tried that.
What a karma whore.
“Not to mention” usually adds more context to a sentence..
Why are you even subscribed to Dank Memes?
That sunset is fucking gorgeous 
Pretty girl!
It's in the dev channel now! Just a matter of time before its pushed to beta and release. 
Try going to MacStories.net. They review apps and I found over 50 apps to replicate apps I had on Android when I switched 2 years ago. 
Alright. I’m having mine removed on Thursday. The procedure isn’t giving me any anxiety, the pain afterwards is 😬
Any updates?
Really? I’m nervous that the jaw bone will be tender and sensitive after
That isn’t always the case. A huge majority of /r/iPhone prefer Spotify for various reasons. Only reason I chose Apple Music over Spotify is due to better sound quality and better playlists.
Spotify ads being so annoying is why I left it for Apple Music. 

“HEY, OOOHHH YEAH, I REALLY LIKE THAT ONE” *Verhhhhhwrp* “AH DUDE, CMON PICK A SONG ALREADY”

*louder than the music*

THE NEXT 30 MINUTES ARE AD FREE DUE TO THE FOLLOWING SPONSOR (Plays 2 minute ad)


You asked how to turn off your phone. If it was jail broken, you should’ve added that to your post.
Readder for Reddit, Safari and fantastical 
It doesn’t have to be recommend feed either considering they place ads that look like content in your reading list. ᕕ(ᐛ)ᕗ
Literally everywhere. https://techcrunch.com/2016/02/23/the-netflix-of-text/
Instapaper. It's what Pocket copied and doesn't have ads. 
I did too. Unfortunately his actor died irl 
With me mostly having diarrhea, yes. Considering it already causes great discomfort, I hate this feeling. I honestly tend to stay in there until I know I’ve completely got rid of what’s remaining 
Are you eating Red Meat of any sort? (Lamb, Pork, Beef) These tend to upset my stomach and can lead me to Diarrhea.
These are created and served from websites you visit in Safari. Try a Content Blocker like AdGuard or 1Blocker. 
https://i.imgur.com/0NT3zw3.jpg
So you’ll ban subreddits that talk about alcohol, but you still won’t ban the shit hole known as /r/TheDonald? Jesus fucking christ. I thought when /u/Spez came back Reddit would get its shit together but every announcement gets worse and worse! I imagine if Aaron Swartz was still alive, he’s be disappointed as fuck in what use to be a free platform to express yourself and share things is a locked down, political colliding piece of shit. 

Can I get a link to the other one?
Why do old people spell disgusting with a C?
Your account is under an hour old. Your scam is so obvious it’s sad.
Pretty sure digg died because v4 and news publications being allowed on the platform.
Waiting for the crosswalk sign to light up green is hard.
I have a hard time believing that with your comment history.
Browsers are apps. Jesus fucking christ.
GOD FUCKING DAMN YOU ALEXA 
I'm sorry if you perceive me as being negative and angry for an off-topic comment. 

His comment is off topic. His comment adds nothing to the post, nor does it have anything to do with the post. 
Chrome supporting notifications has nothing to do with how Windows 10 works. Again, your comments literally have no reason to be here.
How does your comment even remotely relate to the thread?
May be so. It still collects data. Windows 10 does monetize on users hence a whole section in the settings for ads and privacy 
The Beatles debuted in 1957. What are you talking about?
What an arrogant comment.

Have you not been on the web for the last 3 years where push notifications are becoming a standard feature for websites to give you data without having a tab open 
I find it rather odd you have sexual feelings for an browser you hate. 

Also, it's ironic that you call out Chrome for spying, but are in the Windows 10 subreddit. All browsers and software that aren't open source collect data. 
Thank you captian obvious. This is a feature of RES that allows you to hide your username from people looking at your computer screen.

Edit: as for my real name, doesn't matter too much considering I use identity generators for all major companies 
Just Beta Access.
Literally most of his YouTube content is posted to Reddit and is almost all downvoted. 
Not free, but I like Pillow.
Chrome updates every 6 to 8 weeks so about 3-5 months from now
Action Support: https://imgur.com/a/NlOot
Relevant username 
Google claimed(s) that but if that were true, Bing wouldn't be as bad as its always been 
I don't know why you were downvoted...
OP, you could have at least cross-posted the original post instead of being a karma whore.
Really depends on how active you are
This may sound weird but the yellow light makes me feel anxious 
Those eyes!
He isn't smoking anything lmao. The Bing Insider group has been a secret group since 2014. https://www.bing.com/insider
I do wish they would improve it, but I do manage my notifications well by deciding which apps are a priority.
This is definitely  the most depressing suicide so far, especially the audio version.
Talk about OP being a karma whore.
People here get butthurt not realizing that Criticism is what gets things to change.  
He posted some emails of people doing this too
Why is the length concealed? Is the length of a baby identifiable? 😂 
Oh, my bad.
I can't link to it as it was via DM. I don't feel like going back 4 months of my inbox when I get several messages a day. 
/r/MorbidlyBeautiful 
https://thumbs.gfycat.com/TediousIllAmazontreeboa-max-1mb.gif
And this is why I use an Adblocker. 
[https://imgur.com/a/NRrCD](https://imgur.com/a/NRrCD)
True, but it may help. You could also edit ExifData
I’d try making the watermark more opaque or vibrant.
I think it was Google, but Watermarks are very easy to remove with Paint.net or any other image program: https://imgur.com/a/zixAP

Edit: Google Who did a study about the usefulness of watermarks 

I wouldn't worry too much about mucus as people with IBS (Especially IBS D/A) have it as a common symptom. 

Your IBS may have gone away due to lower stress levels than usual at that period in time.

For gas, Take gasX or other anti-gas. They help a lot.
Note that this doesn’t work for all videos.. In Firefox setting the preference will break gifs on some subreddits 
I use the default AdGuard DNS as it will block ads and trackers if for some reason the Safari extension fails. I also use AdGuard on Windows 
This happened on Wednesday after Patch Tuesday so a day 
This has happened to me once so far, but even editing settings sometimes won’t help. I was playing /r/TF2, and in the middle of a match my laptop decided to update. It really pissed me off because I was right in the middle of a Halloween event.
You paying twice is Apple’s fault. The dev is busy as fuck with his app on top of his life. As a developer myself I know the struggles the dev is facing. Fixing bugs and adding wanted features can be a pain in the ass, especially when they rely on APIs.
Holy shit I've never seen so much entitlement from a user before. 
I Post This On All Topics Like This One
Disclaimer: I live in the US so the prices I put may be more or less depending on where you live! App Prices can change at any time, so the price I post may be incorrect in the future!


1Blocker: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/1blocker/id1025729002?mt=8 (By far the best ad blocker on the app store. many options including selective blocking. Pro is 4.99$)

Apollo or Narwhal: 

The Case for Apollo: Apollo feels like a native iOS app meaning it feels like an app that came with the phone. I personally enjoy apps that use the iOS Style Guidelines instead of making a separate AI. An example of a bad app would be Xbox's. Aside from a lively UI, you can customize many options ranging from Swipes, Texts and Filters. The UI is what this app has going for it. It's landscape mode could be improved though. Pro is 2.99$ https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/apollo-for-reddit/id979274575?mt=8

The Case for Narwhal: I used Narwhal before I used Apollo and there are many reasons I still keep it installed. It has a sidebar that makes going to different subreddits and favorite subreddits much easier than Apollo. This sidebar can be brought up anywhere in the app. You also have filters which is nice, and many, many settings to change the UI. What I love about Narwhal is the dual pane layout in landscape. This is something I wish Apollo had and still use Narwhal for. I would recommend this to any Plus users. Pro is $3.99. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/narwhal-for-reddit/id845422455?mt=8

Opener: I wrote an article that talks about this app more in depth https://medium.com/@t_mcendree/how-to-open-links-in-apps-on-ios-c6c1806c640f App is 1.99$

SpamHound: This app blocks spam text messages, however, I would only recommend using this app if you have some time to customize it to your liking. Everything in the app is manual.  https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/spamhound-sms-spam-filter/id1263185195?mt=8 App is 99¢

Fantastical: A Beautiful calendar app that integrates with the native iPhone calendar function. Aside from a fluid and gorgeous design, making events and reminders in it is easy due to natural language recognition. This means you can add an event by typing or saying “Add an event to my calendar for the 24th of February called “Steve Jobs’s Birthday” and it will preconfigure all the info for you. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/fantastical-2-for-iphone/id718043190?mt=8 App is 4.99$

Airmail: This app I would ONLY recommend for those who are able to get to Inbox Zero. If you can’t, or have to much email, try Spark by Readdle Instead! Airmail is the most customizable email client available for iOS, and even beats a majority of email clients for Windows and macOS. You can configure everything from swipes, sidebar, quick folders and actions. Actions allow you to send an email to an app and it creates its own URL to the message. So if I needed to remember to go to a meeting on October 16th, but needed to reference an email, I could share it to the calendar and in the details part of the calendar would be a link to the email. Aside from actions, you can track, snooze and block email from this app. This app is by far my favorite email app on iOS. When I was on Android, nothing ever came this close. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/airmail-your-mail-with-you/id993160329?mt=8 App is $4.99


Pocket Casts: There is nothing wrong with Apple’s Podcast app for the average user, however, if you’re looking for something more powerful, the default app just doesn’t cut it. Pocket Casts is a podcast app with a gorgeous interface, Chromecast and Google Home integration and Apple TV integration. You have speed options, silence options and a volume booster. It’s widget is pretty cool too! https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pocket-casts/id414834813?mt=8 App is $3.99


Twitterrific or Tweetbot:


The Case for Twitterrific: Twitterrific was the first Twitter client on the App Store. It was one of the original 500 apps.  With each update, Twitterific keeps getting better and better. Themes, Filters and Selective Notifications. You can even change the icon to a few different variants if you don’t like the default! You can customize about everything in the interface. Fonts, Texts, Profile Pictures, you name it! Frequently updated, and you never have to pay for new releases! (PS, Black Theme looks amazing on the iPhone X) https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/twitterrific-5-for-twitter/id580311103?mt=8 App is free, Pro is $4.99

The Case for Tweetbot: When Tweetbot was introduced in 2011, it quickly shook the Apple Bloggers and what they thought a Twitter app was. When Twitter bought Tweetie back in 2010, the app quickly turned to garbage. Tweetbot’s creator wanted a better app, and so he did what was needed. The first version of Tweetbot took the media by storm and quickly took the crown from Tweetie/Twitter. This app offers a wonderful interface, smooth animations and a host of features like filtering and share sheet support. While I enjoy Tweetbot, If there is something I hate about it, It’s how the developer releases future versions. Instead of buying the app once and getting updates for years, the developer tends to abandon the app and release a new version every 2-4 years. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/tweetbot-4-for-twitter/id1018355599?mt=8

Short Menu: This app makes turning long URLs like the ones above, into short links like this: https://goo.gl/HggwZe, I highly recommend this app. IIRC, There is an IAP of $4.99 but IMHO it is worth it. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/short-menu/id885851937?mt=8




I found a new RSS Reader called lire. I was tired of not getting any updates to reeder so I looked for an alternative and went on macstories. Most of the apps they displayed were subscription based, and honestly, those kind of apps tend to turn me away. Then I found lire which is everything I wanted from a rss app and more. I really enjoy the interface as it feels like a native iOS 11 app. 

https://goo.gl/1uGfDv
Congratulations. That has nothing to do with the post.
The commenter never said anything that implies that.
Both companies are still monopolies.
Overwatch’s loot boxes are purely for cosmetics, and don’t lock abilities and weapons behind them.
Windows Native Notifications: Enable flag toggling on Windows.

This allows the user to manually opt into using Windows native
notifications instead of Chrome's version of the notifications.

Note: This flag is ignored on versions of Windows old enough
**not** to support native notifications.

------
Windows 8.1 should be supported. 
Can you explain to me why people enjoy the GameCube controller so much for smash? I always preferred the Wii mote or the Classic Controller myself 
While I found how long it took to be annoying, Chrome is a giant browser filled with millions and millions lines of code. While you may think it would be easy to implement, they had to change APIs, rework notifications and a shit ton of under the hood tweaks. 
My cats don’t fall for their reflections, but my dog always does. Is there a reason why dogs are more prone to be fooled by reflections?
Firefox doesn’t integrate into the action center. 
That’s why it’s a flag. Once you enable the flag, say bye to those ugly ass Chrome Notifications 
Ok? This post clearly doesn’t apply to you. Also, in terms of Desktop, Microsoft is also a monopoly. Seems weird to call out one monopoly over another.
Looks like at the moment, it's in Chromium. I can't seem to compile the build though. 
Tell me about it. 
While I enjoy Tweetbot, This is why I prefer Twitterrific personally. 
I highly recommend using tools like 1Password, Enpass, Dashlane, etc with haveibeenpwned.com and to have different passwords on all your sites. Considering most browsers use Password Managers, you don’t even have to remember them. (Though a password manager like the ones listed above are much better)
It’s almost like the United States is/was based on immigrants from all over the world looking for a better life
if i recall correctly, he got butthurt and blocked me 
I’ve never heard a single teenager or mom who cares that they’re tracking them. 
Oh definitely lol. I didn't know he was a boy until Ed drew him and said "he" lol. 

In a way, I find I relate to envy as I do he envious of people who can live or have things they want. If i recall correctly: **SPOILER** | That he was envious of humans because they had choice, memories and real emotions right before he killed himself
I don’t think the soccer moms and teenagers realize Facebook is tracking them. 
*feeling crazy*
I just played the Halo series for the first time, ever, in October of 2017, and when I started Halo 5 and I was Buck, I was literally like.... What the fuck is this shit?
Maybe it’s me but this is far from Cozy. Not only would you be down there for weeks during an event, but it is an extremely tight area. 
LOOK AT MY MUSCLES!
Really? I feel the opposite. Other than the white UI, Apple Music has been great for me, especially when recommending artists. On Spotify I would skip bad suggestions, but in Apple Music I get maybe 1 or 2 bad songs an hour.
He’s my favorite as his character just adds so much to the story. Only thing I hate him for is: 

~~killing Hughes ~~
https://i.imgur.com/GRAWkly.jpg
As a gay male this annoys the fuck out of me. 

These tumblr people want people to respect people who are LGBT+ but then get butthurt when they do support.
-30 Karma out of millions is a severe drop for him.
Oh no, gallowboob lost 3 karma out of millions he got from stealing content. The fucking horror.
Screenshots?
Considering it’s from 2014, yes.
The keyboard, and the status bar.
My mother who used Spotify got one. She's using an iPhone so I imagine these may have been sent in error 
I'm pretty sure mass spying started before 2001-2013. Especially with China.
Are you on iOS 8??
Such a sweetheart! I hope you give here treats! 🐟
I mean, while all software basically track things, I can see why Huawei may seem suspicious to some. Most of the major Chinese software in recent years (GO Keyboard, UC Browser, Dolphin Browser) have been caught leaking data and or stealing data without consent. With that in mind, over the last decade you’ve heard news about Chinese Hackers.

So while Chinese Software does spy on consumers, just like the US, Chinese Software tends to be in the news more making it seem worse 
to bad the mods removed it :/
I know this old, but you're wrong about Enpass. Enpass is local, but you can sync it to cloud storage.
Do these companies take skill and experience into factor? It shouldn’t matter who/what a person is, the only thing that matters is how qualified he/she is for the job
I've requested a beta since 2017. 😭 
Gotta love how you were downvoted for telling people your favorite apps on a subjective post.. 
Things
Apollo
Bobby
Reader
Narwhal
Tweetings
Tweetbot
Twitterrific
Opener
1Blocker
Adguard
Fleksy
Yoink
Castro
Pocket Casts
Couchy
lire
Carrot Weather
Cesium
Down in Utah
Bowelle (iPhone)

It’ll let you track your mood and stress levels and what you eat. I’ve been able to look back and see what has upset my stomach 
I've had it play music before out of no where. It usually happens in the middle of the night 
Dumbledor's Army always trying to censor 🙄
> Why not? We know the trophy was a port key enchanted by Barty Crouch Jr. In a testimony to Dumbledore he admitted to working on behalf of Voldemort under the influence of veritaserum.

True, I hadn't thought about that. 


> I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you mean dementors and not that the ministry is conspiring with Death Eaters. And even with the Ministry sending out dementors, their attacks don't make much sense. The ministry isn't so incompetent that they would release untamed dementors to attack children. They've been acting out of line.

(Thanks for catching that mistake) A dementor never attacked harry. The only witness who "saw" the dementor was a human, who as we all know, can't see them.

> Multiple sightings are evidence that something is amok.

There have also been many sightings of deceased celebrities and wizards. 

> The Death Eaters are a group created by Voldemort, they were his servants during the first wizarding war. Claiming they have no connection whatsoever is revisionist history of the highest degree.

Yes, during the FIRST wizarding war. Everyone knows Voldemort went into hiding after potter related events due to being too weak. We put the remaining death eaters responsible for death, into Azkaban, as we know, is the highest security wizard prison. While they did recently break out, we believe this isn't due to the group, but rather incompetent guards.

------

> Are you accusing the ministry of being so incompetent that they could accidentally allow dark wizards to escape the most protected Wizard prison on their own?

No comment. 


Cedric's death was a tragic accident from poor design choice of the Triwizard Tournament. There is no proof, whatsoever, of him being attacked by a wizard. It wouldn't make any sense at all. There is proof of him struggling inside the maze, however. 

------
The recent ~~death eater activity~~ Dementors is due to Sirius Black, who the ministry believes is hiding in between the muggle world and the wizard world. We've sent these out to find him.

------
The sightings of Voldemort are false. Again, These are simply accusations with no evidence or proof. 

---------
The Death Eaters are a dark wizarding group, with no connection, whatsoever to Voldemort. Again, Can you show me proof, or are you trying to shame our Minister?

------
The escapes from Azkaban are due to bad "guards" not doing anything to enforce these dark wizards lessons! 

------
Harry's story doesn't back up anything, once again, you're trying to slander the ministry and the minister himself. That's detention for you, /u/Love_Shaq_Baby. I'll see you after class.

Edit: I meant something else lol
Do you have any proof of this "future? Because it seems disagreeing with me would be disagreeing with the ministry, and the minister himself!
If you're "well aware" that it isn't an Amazon ad, why did you call it an Amazon ad?
When is she being added?
When I first got an iPhone in 2016, I tried the official Reddit app and personally found the app sluggish. I tried Narwhal and loved it. It was like the app "Now for Reddit" on Android which had a Similar sidebar. I I also tried Apollo which is currently my default Reddit app. I like Apollo for its interface personally. Reader has a nice media viewer (photos) and has a widget. I tried the official Reddit app again right after Apollo came and found Reddit’s “trending” notifications annoying as hell.

Edit: Yes downvote anyone who doesn't suck up to your preferred Reddit app. 
I'm so glad that Sombra is no longer a bullet magnet. I love this update alot
Treasure Planet. By far one of the most underrated Disney films!
I’m complaining? Change.org is a website where people literally bitch for shit. 

Also, in what way does telling you to adjust your email settings make me a “fault finder” or “hypocrite”?
You're complaining that you can't select the 6000+ emails and delete them when this could be easily avoided by not signing up for shit, and my tweaking your email providers settings. 
So, It's Apple's fault that you don't know how to manage your Inbox and now have a ridiculous amount of emails?
Any update on the 1.2 update? 
> It still allows you to play background audio from YouTube videos - a feature you have to pay for from YouTube Red.

True. Google didn't care about ProTube until YouTube Red came out. From what Jonas said on his blog, the ability to download videos and the paid price tag is what got it taken down. Considering this app, as stated, is just an interface over the media part of YouTube (No APIs) I don't think the app will get removed. You can play YouTube videos in the background in safari to via Workflow, something YouTube doesn't seem to care about.

> The fact that you also have to pay for this app just makes it more “illegal” (for lack of a better term) since the dev is profiting from stealing a feature from YouTube Red.

Touche. This is one thing Google bitched about at ProTube for. According to YouTube's service:

> You agree not to use the Service for any of the following commercial uses unless you obtain YouTube's prior written approval:
the sale of access to the Service;
the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions placed on or within the Service or Content; or
the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions on any page of an ad-enabled blog or website containing Content delivered via the Service, unless other material not obtained from YouTube appears on the same page and is of sufficient value to be the basis for such sales.

So I believe this can be bypassed by moving from a paid model, to an IAP model. 
It does let you view who you are subscribed to via the favorites tab, but you are right. ATM, There is no way to get a feed of your subscriptions which may be because Google might see it as a threat. 
Considering it uses the native video player on iOS and not its own, it shouldn't be removed. 
Yes! https://i.imgur.com/buTIGBz.jpg
It shouldn't be removed as it used the native iOS Video Player. The app is an interface, but the app doesn't use an API.. If Google forced apple to remove the app from the App Store, yes you should be able to download it still. 

I was talking to the developer over email and he said that because it uses Apple's video player, Google shouldn't remove it because it doesn't break any rules. It would be like Google removing an app on the Play Store because it uses the native media player on Android. 
I am NOT the App Developer, I found the app when a commenter put their list of "essential paid apps". I will link to it ASAP

Edit: Found it! Shout out to /u/freddyamazin for finding the app! https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/7v5jck/what_are_your_best_paid_iphone_apps/dtq8t6l/

Except, even then, you're still wrong.

https://www.macrumors.com/2017/11/12/iphone-x-earpiece-crackling/

https://discussions.apple.com/thread/8082809

https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/7doy5w/audio_popcrackling_sound_coming_from_iphone_8/
https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/7jrnam/iphone_8_crackle_from_speakers/
https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/7dzpsr/iphone_8_plus_crackling_sound_while_playing_music/
https://www.reddit.com/r/iphone/comments/7doi5q/iphone_8_plus_speaker_popping_only_in_youtube_app/

Everyone is still experiencing the issue. 
The noise in your video (the crackling sound) is coming from the earpiece of your phone. This is the same issue.
What the FUCK are you talking about? They announced they'd fix it! http://www.valuewalk.com/2017/09/apple-iphone-8-crackling-sound-fix/
My girl also does this hehe
You saying a 5$ app is expensive and claiming your poor is funny. I prefer apples to cookies personally. 
I’m a Jr in Highschool and I’ve boughten over 200$ worth of apps, games and media from iTunes. 
I hope Apple copies this from Android tbh. Literally everybody has wanted a dark theme on both OSs for almost the entire lifespan of both OSs
Til 5$ is expensive 
Dolphins 🐬 are awesome 😎 
I think it’s due to some of the prices of GPU chips. People have posted on /r/Playstation And /r/xboxone about how they were going to get a new pc or how their gpu was fried due to crypto mining. 


That's nice 😃 My girl was spayed right after she got pregnant before I adopted her at Petri via the humane society. Her tummy was still exposed then 💙

Doesn't follow the topic, but she was fostering kittens that weren't even hers too! It's the reason I got her, she's so loving 💙
Was she spayed recently or is her tummy always been exposed like that? 😮
I know they tell you to sentences and demonstrated correcthorsebatterystaple, but do these people really not create there own little sentence? Using that is giving someone full access to look in your house through your Windows.
I'm sorry I couldn't find anything on Amazin for Mac and Cheese bread
I bet its another home/guide redesign! /s
I also get suicidal from my IBS (mostly diarrhea) but realize these emotions are over exaggerating what you’re feeling. While the pain may feel bad right now, does that really mean you should end your life from? 

If you’re not already, try Tums for the the acid, and MiraLAX. I’ve taken both for the cases when I’m constipated. They work like a charm. 
What I did to find my trigger foods is to eat how I already was, but making a list of what sent me to the bathroom. I was able to cut out almost everything that was upsetting my body.

Here's some that you *may* be sensitive to: 

*Milk (Lactose)
*Fruit/Juice (Why these are healthy, they contain fructose which is known to cause diarrhea and make it worse, I drank a lot of orange and apple juice so I was upset when I found out this was causing pain)
*Red Meat (By now everyone should know that red meat is bad due to how it's prepared)
*Fast Food (processed foods are really bad if you suffer from IBS-D)
*Coffee/Some Tea/Soda (Coffee acts as a laxative so I rarely drink it now, Some Teas have caffeine in them which also acts a laxative and Soda is a hit or miss. Don’t drink caffeinated soda, dark soda (brown or black in color) and stay FAR AWAY from Dr. Pepper. De. Pepper will take your diarrhea, and make it 100x worse. If you choose to drink soda, drink clear soda like 7-Up or other variants of lemon lime)
*Bottled Water - (some brands put a chemical that is used for colonoscopies in there water if i recall correctly, or a similar chemical. I use to drink bottled water a lot and didn’t care which brand but now I only drink Fiji or Smart Water.)
*Cheese or Diary - (As stated above with milk, any milk based product will send you to the bathroom)
*Garlic and Onion (Onion is known to cause gas and stomach aches and garlic is a hit or miss)

I hope this helps you find the culprits!

(Btw, I highly recommend you try Imodium. It helps me control diarrhea anytime something upsets my stomach, you can get it without a prescription which is awesome!)
I didn't miss shit. She's trying to claim one thing is bad, and than hers isn't.
Are you sure?
Do you mean dates?
I don't think that's true, otherwise, you wouldn't have posted. 
Malware Definition: 

software that is intended to damage or disable computers and computer systems.

A character in a language isn't malware. Why the character is causing issues, it's due to how iOS/macOS handle text rendering. 
Maybe it's me, but I think the 2008 design is the best https://i.imgur.com/N7E8s2J.jpg
How do you enable one handed mode on SwiftKey?
This achievement was easy to get for me. I just went to the top of Lijang Tower in the server room and shot everyone below 
Apple Music ftw!

Yes downvote me for preferring a different app, what children.
Owls are the cats of birds 
I hope it’s called Android Peppermint 
You’re dead
It’s almost like she doesn’t understand the difference between real life and fan base fiction 
How many times a week are people going to post this?
Sounds like it's going to be similar to Find Friends on iOS. I don't think the app will do so well..
Can you screenshot the email? 
Google should try to fix Android security issues before doing this to other companies. 
OMG I forgot about People Hub! I loved not needing to install multiple apps to see social network feed :D

I think they gave up because they're trying to attract more people to their services and Windows Phone wasn't one of those things getting attention 
Yes! I still prefer tiles to icons personally :-) 
I switched back in June of 2016. My HTC One M9 would constantly get hot in my hands, would randomly shutdown, and I had to root it to keep it under control, and that iOS by default has features that I had to root for in Android. (Like at the time, Adblocking and App Hibernation). Before Android I was on Windows Phone (hence my username).

___
What I liked about Android: Customization, Scheduled Text Messages, Default Apps

___
What I disliked about Android: Inconsistency, Choppy, HTC’s Android Skin, Inability to hibernate apps at the time, Google Now couldn’t remind me for some reason

___
What I liked about iOS: The Interface, I’ve always liked that post iOS 6 look. Stability (iOS 11 isn’t), Easily connects to online accounts, Adblock, Better app quality and Proactive Siri

___
What I dislike about iOS: You can’t schedule text messages, iOS 10 bubble notifications/widgets
Readder - great Reddit app with a widget that shows the latest posts/top rated posts of your choice.

___
Fantastical - A great month widget

You literally set your name as Asshole. There is nothing funny about this, if anything, it shows how desperate for karma you are.
thank you for following de way
If you're asking me if I'm de gay, yes. me post in /r/gaymers! When you call me de names, it just makes me harder
I wish we could do this on console 
you have some weird kinks my friend. dat is not de way. Sonic is de way
I wouldn't say that, but they love to screw over addon developers. 
I'm sorry that both of you do not know de way
So telling you that you’re being condescending makes me a SJW? Is your mental capacity that of a 14 year old?
Except for the fact, that people of all ages, use snapchat: https://blog.hootsuite.com/snapchat-demographics/


Tbf, people of all ages hate this design. 
Um, no one is being a dick but you. OP gave you answers to the questions you asked and you can’t help yourself but think you know better than OP and his dad. The title clearly says his father upgraded which implies his father purchased the device, so what the hell would OP give him his phone. 

Just like every other tech based subreddit, /r/iPhone is a enthusiasts subreddit, not a media and support subreddit. Do yourself a favor, and stop trying to condescend other users.
Oh, my bad. I thought you were referring to the “view image” button. I was referencing the “Open image in new tab” menu
Some users prefer to press a button instead of looking through menus (even if they’re short) 
I feel you. I was on the other side of a bus in Numbani and I still managed to die. 
According to the mod, I was banned for bigotry. I didn’t even do anything. It’s the commenters who were being bigots.
https://i.imgur.com/CdrpjXA.jpg
Comments added context. 
Nope, Microsoft should just put money in your account. 

Edit: Boy this subreddit will downvote anything.
Thank you! As is yours! 
Nah I ain’t trolling. Dat why my comments have logical information in them. De fanbois assume I’m trolling because de be livin under de rock.

Edit: dat, not data
Yeah be careful de Mozilla fanbois gonna downvote you because de are diluted. Mozilla sold de users to USA Network for de Spyglass addon
No problem lol. She reminds me of my girl, but yours is much more fluffy 🖤

https://i.imgur.com/d6LIM8i.jpg
what does de lady look like now?
Not true. I have de nightly and I still see dis. Imma check de culprits behind dis because I was watching de H3H3 before dis

Edit: I tried but it didn't work. I hope Mozilla fixes de way
De Firefox devs have life’s just like you. No reason to be de rude to them. De addons you have on de fox are at fault. 
Nope. De Firefox 57 broke many addons that *could* do this. 
Can you please try de Firefox Refresh tool? You can find it about:support 
De same thing is happening to me and it’s annoying af
You choose to reply to de comments.Only You is at fault.
*sees gallowboob post*
*immediately downvotes*
look at all de fucks i give
Dis will show u de wey http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/ugandan-knuckles
just like how painful it was to have de Firefox hello and de sponsored tiles in de new tab page in previous versions of de fox 
Support. As long as the crime resulted in someone dying. 
I don’t know, I think I hit the bong *too* hard
You’re oppressing me. 
because de don't like de memes
Yet There is still no Microsoft Photos app for iOS/Android. This is why people prefer iCloud and Google Photos for media. 
because Mozilla wants de money and don't care about de users privacy. if de did, de wouldn't be using google safe browsing sending de pages you go to to Google and would set de duckduckgo as de default. De Bryan Lunduke made a great video about de practices of Mozilla:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMALm1VthGY
I share photos from Reddit all the time and this has never annoyed me. I like being able to selectively choose what content I share.
Because Google pays de money to Mozilla for de right to be de default. De money helps de Firefox stay alive

Edit: De Linux and De Privacy Redditors be butthurt by de memes
1. the unjust or prejudicial treatment of different categories of people or things, especially on the grounds of race, age, or sex.

2. recognition and understanding of the difference between one thing and another.

Nothing about this is discrimination. This is Mozilla not supporting a plugin. That's like saying Google is discriminating Netscape because Netscape died. 
"temporarily unavailable"
not permanently. Bitching just for karma. 
https://i.imgur.com/3HfvMKc.jpg
Can someone explain how they’d disappear after an app update/software update? It never did it on my M9
It's ok, steve jobs was a Zen Buddhist. He got reincarnated. 
https://goo.gl/RpVR6R
Unless we're 3 months away from the iPhone event in fall, the answer is always yes. 
Nope. If someone is going to bitch about how the iPhone hardware has looked the same for years, look at iOS which is still a grid of icons. 
> If you still didn't understand, it's all about privacy. So my apologies, if you respect shitty companies which don't respect people's privacy and security. 

Give me an example about how Adguard is a shitty company. 
on Android, I used it. on iOS, Not really. 
I wish they would ban photoshopped submissions from here.
https://media0.giphy.com/media/l0ErFgOht0LZMHjRm/giphy.gif
Was he born blind?
Sounds like Trump 

Edit: It looks like people don't realize that this comment was purely a joke. 
Completely missed the point.
With the “recycled design” point, why not ditch iPhone because iOS has had the same grid home screen since 2007.
8+ has a better battery.
Good job Nokia! Loved my Lumia 635!
I guess the English language makes her angry 
Correct me if I’m wrong, but I don’t think you can download on the free version 
It looks like Steam made a Music app lol.

Anyway, I also can’t wait for Apple Music in the Windows Store. 
Woosh.
That’s false. If you had an iPhone, it would sync your photos without needing iTunes.

Yes, downvote me for defending the app. This subreddit is ridiculous. 
I went to my local Apple Store to see the product and Window browse. While I like Apple and my iPhone, and love the sound of my homepod, it’s supposed to be a “smart speaker” and Siri is far from that. 

Other than sound, the HomePod doesn’t have anything going for it which is why I decided I wouldn’t buy one.
How the fuck are any of these hidden? Poor article.
Let me get this straight. You pay for premium but you're still locked down?
Try for yourself. A feature that I like is that when you're looking for famous people, Bing scans the faces and when you hover over the face, it'll bring you to a bio
I do think the HomePod sounds better, but Siri is garbage. Using her to send a text message is hell. 
Why I prefer Google, I prefer Bing Images over Google Imaged anyday.
This is why I can't trust Chinese OEMs. 
And Frank Sinatra Jr who was invited onto the show many times, and sang with Seth several times 
So, why do people have to be seen writing in a cafe? 
I'm pretty sure this has something to do with the current place the sun/moon is in the sky.

/u/MakerOfCarrot Correct, no?
New to me 🤷‍♀️
the branding kind of ruins it. other than that, i like it
This is adorable! Cool parents!
Please. This is extremely useful for Console for people without mics

"Healing you is NOT A RIGHT"
I highly recommend Mei. I was able to bring the flag back to my base 2 times because the other team were being distracted by our Pharah. I was able to build Ice Walls in common doors and only needed to heal myself once when an enemy Dva almost killed me. (ended up getting killed by our Pharah's rocket barrage)
When I used Android, I used this app: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tasomaniac.openwith
I Post This On All Topics Like This One
Disclaimer: I live in the US so the prices I put may be more or less depending on where you live!


1Blocker: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/1blocker/id1025729002?mt=8 (By far the best ad blocker on the app store. many options including selective blocking. Pro is 4.99$)

Apollo or Narwhal: 

Apollo: Apollo feels like a native iOS app meaning it feels like an app that came with the phone. I personally enjoy apps that use the iOS Style Guidelines instead of making a separate AI. An example of a bad app would be Xbox's. Aside from a lively UI, you can customize many options ranging from Swipes, Texts and Filters. The UI is what this app has going for it. It's landscape mode could be improved though. Pro is 2.99$ https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/apollo-for-reddit/id979274575?mt=8

Narwhal: I used Narwhal before I used Apollo and there are many reasons I still keep it installed. It has a sidebar that makes going to different subreddits and favorite subreddits much easier than Apollo. This sidebar can be brought up anywhere in the app. You also have filters which is nice, and many, many settings to change the UI. What I love about Narwhal is the dual pane layout in landscape. This is something I wish Apollo had and still use Narwhal for. I would recommend this to any Plus users. Pro is $3.99. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/narwhal-for-reddit/id845422455?mt=8

Opener: I wrote an article that talks about this app more in depth https://medium.com/@t_mcendree/how-to-open-links-in-apps-on-ios-c6c1806c640f App is 1.99$

SpamHound: This app blocks spam text messages, however, I would only recommend using this app if you have some time to customize it to your liking. Everything in the app is manual.  https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/spamhound-sms-spam-filter/id1263185195?mt=8 App is 99¢

Fantastical: A Beautiful calendar app that integrates with the native iPhone calendar function. Aside from a fluid and gorgeous design, making events and reminders in it is easy due to natural language recognition. This means you can add an event by typing or saying “Add an event to my calendar for the 24th of February called “Steve Jobs’s Birthday” and it will preconfigure all the info for you. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/fantastical-2-for-iphone/id718043190?mt=8 App is 4.99$

Airmail: This app I would ONLY recommend for those who are able to get to Inbox Zero. If you can’t, or have to much email, try Spark by Readdle Instead! Airmail is the most customizable email client available for iOS, and even beats a majority of email clients for Windows and macOS. You can configure everything from swipes, sidebar, quick folders and actions. Actions allow you to send an email to an app and it creates its own URL to the message. So if I needed to remember to go to a meeting on October 16th, but needed to reference an email, I could share it to the calendar and in the details part of the calendar would be a link to the email. Aside from actions, you can track, snooze and block email from this app. This app is by far my favorite email app on iOS. When I was on Android, nothing ever came this close. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/airmail-your-mail-with-you/id993160329?mt=8 App is $4.99


Microsoft Edge or iCab Mobile:

Microsoft Edge: Laugh at me if you want, but the ability to send webpages to your PC from your phone is awesome. This feature will be able to do it vice versa in the future. Aside from that, Microsoft Edge rewards your with Microsoft Rewards which will get your points anytime you search with Bing. These points can be exchanged for the following: Xbox Live, Xbox and Windows Store gift cards, Skype Premium, Ad-free Outlook.com, Starbucks, Amazon and Charity. If you're going to give me free money for things I already do, sign me up! It also has iPhone X Support! https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/microsoft-edge/id1288723196?mt=8

iCab Mobile: I wrote an article on why you should be using it, you can find that here: https://medium.com/@t_mcendree/why-icab-mobile-should-be-your-default-browser-on-iphone-2e5abad44d16


It's funny because Firefox users have posted about Firefox non-fucking stop since the release of Quantum in /r/Chrome. 
You'd be wrong. This is a Windows Enthusiast sub, just like how /r/XboxOne is an Xbox Enthusiast sub.
I mean, if you had sex without protection, the kid is your fault.

If you're a step father being forced to pay, then that's bullshit.
I miss encarta
Thank you, I just got fire and fury :-)
I can't fucking wait. 
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/323/790/246.gif
Lucky. I'm running Canary and see nothing...
Documents by Readdle or iCab Mobile. 
And here I was hoping it would make its way to the iOS version..
I’d love to see this :) 
IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD IM READY TO START A BLIZZARD 
A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING A-MEI-ZING 
It's a bookmarklet.
The code I posted was to upvote posts, not comments. This has been tested in Edge, Firefox and Chrome and it works. 
Have you even tried the code I posted?
Nope. It should do it from the top to bottom until the page ends. 
No problem
    javascript:(function f(){var u=$(".up");if(u.length-1){setTimeout(f,2000);u[1].onclick()} })()
*#NoGymRequired*

___

**#homegym**
Genji is green so this cosplay is garbage 
Pretty sure it's Gnome 3. 
Which means they are gathering data about his devices making sure he doesn't use any alts, and if he does, they'll be banned too. 
I did. He should be banned from the subreddit. I also reported him to the Reddit Admins to investigate the user.
THATS MICROAGGRESION 
Just opened up 5 more lootboxes today and haven't gotten them :(

http://www.gifmania.co.uk/People-Animated-Gifs/Animated-Men/Suicides/Peter-Griffin-Hanged-90752.gif
If you think Pale Moon is bad, Mozillazine is full of toxicity 
I can't wait to see how fast Google abandons it 
That's adorable
This made my day 😂
You’re one lucky son of a bitch then. 
I haven't gotten a single survey since Mqy of 2014. People have had much farther away spaces then you
I would love to see Chrome integrate into the Action Center or the Share Page on Windows but I guess it'll never happen even though it's been asked about since the beta phases of the OG Windows 10 in 2014
I haven't gotten a single purple in this event 😔

I'm hoping to at least get the Zarya or Mei skin when the event is near over
I can have 30 tabs open in Chrome and it'll be 2GB, but with the same tabs in Firefox, it'll be 5GB+
That's funny because Firefox uses more ram for both one tab and more tabs. 
Can someone who spaces tell me why? 

https://m.popkey.co/0b4db9/K9yRZ.gif

Edit: deleted extra word
It’s OK, but defiantly not as good as her lunar skin 
I want the Zarya skin so bad. It's the first good looking skin for her tbh
I feel you! Feels even worse when you pay for them :(
YOU LUCKY C*NT! ALL I GOT WAS SPRAYS 😭😭😭😭😭
Congratulations!!!
As a person with an iPhone, I don’t understand why people get so upset with Android. I don’t like Green Bubbles due to texting so many other iPhone users (instant), but if you’re going to judge someone because of it, you’re a child.

The only phoned you should judge are OnePlus with all that spyware shit that keeps getting found 
So is the markup feature lol
Funny thing. I've purchased some loot boxes via Microsoft Rewards and Credit Card even then, I've gotten no money and just tags and icons: https://i.imgur.com/3enZZ44.png
Pasted from below: 

I've gotten only 250 in my last 10 Loot boxes. I rarely get it. I just get sprays and player icons.
Increasing the currency drops would allow people to purchase most of these before they get locked. 
I've gotten only 250 in my last 10 Loot boxes. I rarely get it. I just get sprays and player icons.
I understand it was to stay anonymous, I’m just curious why you chose a barcode over anything.
I personally like Cortana a lot, but honestly, she wouldn’t be involved with setup at all. It makes no sense to have her do things in setup that she can’t actually do 
Why did you replace your name with a barcode?
That’s not always the case. There are bugs in Firefox that haven’t been fixed for years/decades. 
Will it blend?
*bitches about how it’s on her feed*

___

*reblogs it*
Pretty sure the OC was sarcastic.
Gif didn’t work for some reason, so here is the direct link: https://media.giphy.com/media/11IeLrnEg2EiCA/200.gif
Maybe it's me but I like the thickness ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°) it adds more depth
Maybe it's me but I always thought spotify was fucking horrible with Playlists. 
Looks like Jerry Jones son came to the superbowl 
Your iPhone CPU is always throttling things in the background, that's why apps go into hibernation.
Battery size doesn't matter if the CPU knows how to throttle itself when needed.
I’m confused 
Probably a blackberry motion 
It is, don’t let the downvotes get to you. If Microsoft is going to change something in the os like a menu, do it across the system like macOS. 
I fail to see how having the jacket widget is useless.
I honestly don’t care about these concepts because Microsoft will never do it. They hate consistency and good design.
This and her first album are my favorite 
You need an Apple Music subscription to use this app. As for if it’s better than Spotify, that’s not something I can say yes to as everyone prefers something different 
Yep and yes 
I don’t why you’re being downvoted for the original poster being blind. I’m on 11.2.5 and the icon is the name

https://i.imgur.com/02LtoEX.png 
*John
Yep, which means someone paid him to post this. 
I put them on my laptop
Really? Works fine on my 8+ 😳
If you want a site that tells you about awesome new apps, I highly recommend MacStories
Doesn’t do it on my iPhone 8 Plus. Is your lighting cable bent?
Alright. Thanks for the info 🙂
I love this. Great work! 


Thank you.
The more negative the Overwatch community gets will lead to fewer people getting the game. Fewer people getting the game due to harassment means less money for Blizzard. Blizzard has recognized this and has started actioning on it like the people who troll or harass users for views on YouTube. Nobody wants to play a game where the community is consistently telling people to kill themselves, using racist and homophobic slurs and outright harassing users over and over. 
You're really amusing. The more you reply and the more negativity you bring will only get yourself removed from this subreddit, and banned from Reddit altogether. 
YES! Playing sniper and having these bubbles are so annoying! Please Blizzard!
Alright. Is there a way to contact Blizzard about these players too? I hear on PC that Blizzard will completely block them from communicating with other players 
I find your post history amusing because why you say you hate seeing all these harassment based "cry baby" posts, most of your comments come from these posts. Something about these posts must really anger you, perhaps self loathing?
This has nothing to do with competition as the player was on my team. This player was harassing me via voice and text. There is a huge difference between someone on MY Team and someone on the OTHER Team. 
Alright. I’ll send Feedback to Xbox Uservoice about this.
Not looking for sympathy, and I’m not playing competing at the moment. I’m playing Quick Play. I’m practicing with each character before going into competitive so I can help my team better. 
I know this is one way, but is there a way to prevent future users from engaging in this behavior? 
>	Grow thicker skin and stop shitposting for sympathy and attention?

### Shitposting Definition: 

“Shitposting” is an Internet slang term describing a range of user misbehaviors and rhetoric on forums and message boards that are intended to derail a conversation off-topic, including thread jacking, circlejerking and non-commercial spamming.

What you’re doing is shitposting. I’m not looking for sympathy, I’m looking for ways to block these people who want to ruin games for everyone and prevent their harmful behavior from affecting other users. No reason to be a dick.
> Google doesn’t support push email to anyone’s app, except googles

What are you talking about? I've used Airmail, Alto by AOL, Spark, Email and they all give notifications for gmail
Well, due to having one sprint store in my area who were all out of Note 8's when I went, I got an iPhone 8 Plus. It doesn't lag at all, but I'm still envious of the Note 8 
Depends on which platform your friends are really
AdGuard.
Damn it! I loved scheduled themes :(
Shhhh. Let him get his upvotes 
Yeah it is, but people have managed to get scratches in times less than a month. You guys literally neglected to take care of it hence the scratches, four screen replacements and writing the Word "fuck" into it because your cracked the screen.
More like no one took care of it. I had my 6s uncased for the first 2 months I had it, dropped it, and even had it slide around concrete and never scratches 
I would love to see a red iPhone 8 Plus with a black front 
http://bfy.tw/GOJ1
This article is from June.
So is Edge. Edge shows sponsored (paid for) ads in the Tab Page. Considering Chrome has the best scores when it comes to benchmarks, Chrome is the only one “thinking to the future”. If Microsoft was thinking *about* the future, Microsoft Edge wouldn’t be on such a slow update cycle.

Edge: Sponsored Stories/Apps on New Tab Page

Opera: Speed Dial ads that reappear every now and then

Chrome: Google sells profiles of your data to the highest bidder, and giving them access to your browsing history will provide them with even more.

Firefox: Mozilla bought Pocket and sponsors these stories on the new tab page, but it can be disabled. These stories are based on local data. 


Edit: Added clarification 
You look like EposVox
Chrome, Opera, Edge are all in for user data. Firefox is the only browser that doesn't think about money. 
I can’t wait!
Thank you :)
Thank you! I can’t wait! Will it cost 1000?
Yep. I’ve wanted the game forever, but got the game for my birthday on January 19th 
Some PC Gamers are moving to consoles because of this. /r/Xboxone has had a few posts about how they can’t afford a new gpu 
It's almost like updates don't always change the user interface or add features! 
Are you not aware **/s** means I was being sarcastic? 

Considering the App Store came out in 2008, That is within the decade. 

1. Google Voice
2. Opera Mini
3. Puffin Browser (2018) https://goo.gl/Bms1pB
4. Net Neutrality App (Got submitted a day to after articles): https://goo.gl/DyCRMM


Hmm. I didn’t think about that. 
Like Google Voice back in 2009 before Apple got sued /s
My favorite scene is the train scene/Zeneba House scene. I remember when I was little, I thought the jumping lamp was the cutest thing ever!
Well fuck that Junkrat nerf lol. I use to set them on the payload and watch 2-4 people die lol

Downvoted without reason. ‘Tis the nature of this subreddit 
Because he knew Dobby was in a man in the middle situation. I imagine that if he actually killed Dolby, that **SPOILER:** the knife that bellatrix threw in DHP1 would have killed Hermione or Harry.

Edit: I hate Apple
Sources?
I just start acting stereo typically gay with the over the top whining, asking them for nudes and making them feel uncomfortable. It’s not my fault you suck at playing games 
The text on the bottom ruins it. 
Go to settings and search “fonts” you should get an option to choose your fonts. Choose San Francisco.
I hope this one is better than Hollow Fragment. I personally didn't care for HF
I had an HTC One M9 back in 2015 and it only took 6 months for it to turn to shit. It’s actually what made me move to iOS, a decision I don’t regret.
As an Apple Music subscriber, I can’t wait for this.
I miss the Windows 8.1 Start Menu/Screen. I love Windows 10, but nothing will ever compare to Windows 8.1 when it comes to start.
That’s not what I’m asking though. It’s clear from the title that it was hit by a car. I’m wondering in what type of area and how he managed to hit it.
That’s way out of what my context was referring to. 
How did he hit an owl?
How can I protect my privacy on social media? (Facebook, Twitter, etc)
I agree. It's limiting content. 
Fucking Bastion always ruining kill streaks 
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Either your diamond isn’t centered or your clock isn’t. 
Which would be if you like dick or vagina.
Again, that doesn’t make pedophilia a sexuality. Sexuality is based on sexual orientation, not if you like certain age groups. 
Being Gay or Straight is based on the sex of the person, where as pedophilia is for an age group.
Pedophilia doesn’t seem likes it’s a sexuality..
I think it’s the exact opposite. Try number 1 for awhile and report back 
Am I the only one who likes it? I don’t know why I do, I guess it’s just aesthetically pleasing 
Isn’t 3 the one that means you have to press it harder?
There is clearly a bug with a keyboard prevent key presses.
Smells like curry
Yep. I use three Reddit apps for different things:

*Apollo as main
*Narwhal for landscape 
*Readder for media 
lol

https://www.reddit.com/r/softwaregore/comments/7tdj4i/microsoft_is_great_a_producing_broken_software/
I wish you could do this on console :( 
Microsoft Cdge, the new browser that brings your phone to life!
Yes. You can block them via VPN apps. Apple has been cracking down on these apps, but these apps still work. 
>	Honestly, this kind of thing should seriously make reconsider your next phone purchase unless you start being able to actually use an ad blocker.

What are you talking about? iOS has had adblockers since iOS 9 (2015) and has been able to block ads via proxies since forever. In fact, dare I say it, it’s easier to block ads on iPhone than it is on Android, especially when you have to download an extra browser.
I bet his nuts are the sweetest little things too!
These periods were over 6 years. Go on any Android subreddit and they’ll tell you how bad the GPM Android app is. You want to see an indecisive person, look at Federico from MacStories who pays for premium services from both Spotify and Apple Music.

Edit: Yes, downvote me for correcting an ignorant user. 
Do it! I left Spotify for Google Play Music due to the limit, and then left Google Play Music because the app on both android and iOS is garbage. Switched to Apple Music last week, and everything just works. The only bad thing about Apple Music on Windows is that you have to use iTunes.
Such a pretty girl 💙
I love the design of the SE, but I can’t imagine going to a smaller phone 
Thanks for this 
Seriously though! I need some Overwatch Money’s to buy Genji’s Yping skin
Not surprised with all the discounts they had. Along with how (personally) they look better. 
Those tiny toes, but BIG eyes ❤️
/r/titlegore 
Pretty cool shot! 
Remember last year when reviews from 2008 appeared?
The pure laziness lol
Same lol
You're covering half of the main fan on the Xbox One S. 
OK, this has nothing to do with Apple, but rather the Record companies who pulled it. You are literally bitching for no reason at a company that has no control.
http://bfy.tw/GE3T
Visible cables on the back left monitor 
You need to provide more information then just “the app is buggy”
I spent like 30 minutes on one the boss fights in Halo 5. If i recall correctly, the light beam dude replicated himself into three people and it wasn’t obvious that you’d have to use these things that flew you above them. The level drives me off the the damn wall, but I digress.

There is always that incomplete feeling that you get when you don’t finish something like a book or game. For some people, it’s hard to get past these irrational feelings.
/r/badfaketexts
Is the update in pending approval on the App Store? 😮
How do you jump like this with Lucio?
That's roughly $29B

Edit: OK, fuck you then reddit for adding financial information 
What's your gamertag?
Not sure if console is included, but it refused to connect this morning for me. 
I only play as Lucio when I play support. Mercy on console is hard to control. 
I mean, if it makes you feel better, it was a no skill kill
IIRC, Firefox for Android is still slow because quantem tweaks haven't made their way yet. Still, Extension support is the main reason I use it on Android. 
W-- wh-- what? You're not my dad? Time for a sad fap o n o

😢👊🍆💦💦💦📄
O w O

OK Daddy! 👱‍♂️➡️🍆💦💦💦💦💦💦💦👻
that's actually false. It's me who is wet. 🍆💦💦💦
o u o
I think craig said it was 2.11 
“Mini figure”
JOHNSON LIVES!
https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/7s33x9/free_year_of_todoist_premium_see_comments/dt1n7va/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/7s33x9/free_year_of_todoist_premium_see_comments/dt1n7va/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/7s33x9/free_year_of_todoist_premium_see_comments/dt1n7va/
I don't know why people are downvoting you but here are my answers 

> what are some things I should know about in order for myself to get the most out of my iPhone SE and possibly even fully switch over to the iPhone ecosystem?

1. You can block ads via content blockers in safari
2. You'll be able to use the mail, calendar and contacts app with Google Contacts
3. Google is known for taking FOREVER to incorporate iOS features into their apps (Force Touch, Haptic Feedback, Widgets)
4.  Control Center is customizable 

> does Movie Box work
http://movie-box-app.com

> ShowBox
https://show-box.ooo
This is more complicated to install

> Chromecast compatibility

I would say there is a lack of Chromecast support, but a lot of apps do have it 
They started doing it right before I left Android in 2016. Aside from poor performance from sites and broken scripts, It makes things take extra taps. For instance, when I click a reddit link, I want the fucking reddit link, not an AMP serving the post and like 5 comments
I hate AMP so fucking much 
I use the music widget to tell me recents, and Celsium to control songs 💚 I switched from Google Play Music and don’t regret it 
Ah. I couldn’t tell what it was. I hope he is in de way to heaven 
What is that?
Share (Backported) I don't know why Firefox got rid of this option
Be careful, you’ll hurt Narwhal and other clients feelings because you’re “hyping” the app
To be fair, all rainmeter setups are just widgets on wallpapers. 
Definitely get the eight. You’ll get much better specs, a way better battery and processor. If you can, I’d get the plus version of the eight
To be fair, your iPhone isn’t as private as you think. Why Google takes all your data to improve its service and sell your data, Apple is collecting data (mostly telemetry) and sending info back to Apple. People will complain about privacy Google which is totally understandable, but those same people use Facebook or other social media. I’m willing to give up my privacy for a product that suits my needs and I deem useful.


You probably can if you edit the skins file. 

It’s pretty funny we share the same theme! What are the odds lol!
What type of school do you work at?
https://www.deviantart.com/art/Avengers-SHIELD-OS-Skin-Modified-v1-4-313892949
Yep.
Pretty sure this has been in since 2014. 
I ditto this
I tend to eat meat, carbs and fruit. I sat very few veggies due to raw veggies sending me to the bathroom. I do not eat red meat due to health risks. I drink 7up and fruit juices 
Now all we need is an android phone running KitKat with this picture of KitKat with a KitKat on her back
I have called Google, Apple and Microsoft many times and have never gotten someone with an heavy indian accent. However, I did have an awesome indian tech support lady with Microsoft. While we were waiting for her manager to approve something (I did a refresh on Windows 10 and it erased the oem key, I ended up getting a free key) me and her were scrolling through Reddit on the cats subreddit. We were just ohhhhing and awwwwing
I’d love to see an option to use a custom font for the taskbar and other text elements with this! 
Mine are always on and off. One day I literally want to harvest my organs kill myself, the next day I’ll be fine. I suffer from alternating symptoms but 90% of the time I get diarrhea 
Shhh, don’t tell them that. It’s funny to see the people who don’t read rules!
Ah. Reasonable.
Source?
Can you elaborate on why you hate the cloud, apps and music system?
That's what I think. I've never heard or seen anything like this happen in the US (except the Black Dahlia) but it seems like these really fucked up murders are only in Brazil or the middle east
I'm not seeing it?
Can someone from Brazil explain why the country is so violent in crime?
I love how they all turned on each other 
No shit using the app for almost an hour of screen time is going to fuck up your battery life
I find myself using her less and less as her functionality is just degrading compared to Google Assistant or Alexa. 
1. Apollo https://goo.gl/Heo7k5
2. Opener https://goo.gl/tHBTXD
3. Fantastical https://goo.gl/UpRKGM
4. Anything Readdle https://goo.gl/SFTRbJ
5. Reeder https://goo.gl/OlWXJe
6. Playground AR https://goo.gl/Y1RRcE
7. iCabMobile https://goo.gl/hoaSMt
8. Carrot https://goo.gl/yGwfQQ
9. Twitterrific https://goo.gl/YEv4S
10. Camera+ https://goo.gl/T2o68H
11. Tailor https://goo.gl/5Uejvv
12. Linky https://goo.gl/VIYFTh
13. SpamHound https://goo.gl/PivoLu
14. Terminology https://goo.gl/Q9J9PV
15. Zipped (can't create link)
16. Deliveries https://goo.gl/9GokKj
17. ViewExif  https://goo.gl/CbhrcN
18. Launcher https://goo.gl/qGCidg

Edit: added links
It looks like you have a junk folder 🚮
I’ve seen many jailbroken setups here. 
You’re aware you can uninstall stock apps right?
Bug fixes, and only bug fixes.
How did you stick with Windows Phone 7 so long?
Interesting that she can do it via Google Home, but not via the Assistant app..
Google purposely fucks up the way the site looks on Firefox. Install this addon to fix it: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/firefox-ios-ua-on-google/
I'm aware but the commenter said he searched a type of cat. 
I use Google Assistant as I have a Google Home. 
Not necessarily. Google Photos recognizes things and  objects automatically. So if i said “Tabby Cat” it would have showed me my cats.
May I ask why kindle and the Bible are in the productivity folder?
Google Photos does let you tag pets, yes. This also works with Humans
Please don't ban me, I'm just trying to help. /s
Death is death. War is war. It’s going to happen. If you’re going to bring up a war that killed many, expect people to tell you about other wars. It is sad people died, and I have a long family history of military service, but things like this happen. If we didn’t attack in WW2, Japan and Germany would have more than likely attempted to attack us again and again, killing more people than D day and American deaths in WW2.
Imagine all the life’s that were taken from 2003 to 2011 from Bush.
I tried HTC, and got royally butt fucked from it. At least Samsung has quality, where HTC doesn’t.
Off-topic, but who drew that snoo?
Great attempt at Karma collecting.
I’ve never read something as fucking stupid as this in my life. Congratulations /u/throwaway199a, 1000$ will be sent to you as a reward for your wonderful thoughts 💙
Every time I see pictures of JFK, the more I feel bad for him and his family, especially his son. 
I used this app when I was on Android, I highly recommend this app. This saved me many times from multiple shitty HTC One M9s.
Sorry for the ugly ass watermark!

/u/Olaxan /u/GentlemenMittens /u/Luutamo 

I've taken in your suggestions and have tweaked my setup slightly. What do you think?

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1W19JbT5X4u5Omw8xliuEygkU8ZfQfV_B/view?usp=sharing
I can't wait for Cinematic!
I've fixed it!
I have taken your suggestion! It does look better! I never thought of it!
You dragged the clock down to the middle and took a screenshot. I can tell because Touch ID wouldn't have told you to try again. Nice try faking issues 👍
* Music Visualizer (Changes Color with album): https://www.reddit.com/r/Rainmeter/comments/5rh115/i_made_a_rainmeter_plugin_for_google_play_music/

* Wallpaper: https://i.imgur.com/Rs1TQSe.jpg

* Clock: https://flyinghyrax.deviantart.com/art/Elementary-3-0-426588102

* Do I need a jacket?: https://lightumbra.deviantart.com/art/Do-I-Need-a-Jacket-Edit-01-10-2018-724900325
I doubt anyone who isn’t in email marketing would be able to reach the quota.
PS2
I’m Travis, and I have an obsession for buying apps and software. As a software developer myself, I want to give back to the devs who make the apps I use most often
Dress up as Ian and the girl from durem depot
/r/ChargeYourPhone 
I hope they do. I love everything about my iPhone but Siri. As a person with Google Home and a Chromecast, I want to replace her with Google Assistant so bad. 
This is where you’re wrong. I was like you and also thought any app could do something if it utilizes SiriKit. https://reddit.com/r/iphone/comments/7bqk91/rant_its_amazing_how_few_apps_utilize_sirikit/

However, according to a commenter in my rant, Apple only allows certain use cases for using it, which makes Siri even more of an /r/AssholeDesign.
Windows key + C
I was a Windows Phone user and Microsoft hasn’t done anything to improve her. It isn’t on Microsoft’s mind. This is why I prefer Google Assistant, something like Alexa that is always being improved.
Not exactly. It would stream the audio in the background via workflow
AutoRemote can help with that. Though it takes some time to learn. 
Android has Tasker which is way more powerful lol
Make sure to use find my iPhone and take extra care of your new phone 😍
> Cortana

let's not go too far. 
https://i.imgur.com/TLDdZME.png

As you can see in the top right corner, the buttons are overlapping
I was hoping she would jump when the bubble popped
Ok, But I never disagreed with that. I just pointed out that Firefox is bad on battery. 
If so, can you provide code to fix the window control buttons?
> On a side-note: I'm happy to see that they are doing a shitty job of targetting me, surprisingly enough. I guess they have less tracking data on me than I would have guessed, thanks to uBlock and other tools I use.

If you think using an adblocker prevents you or lowers your chance of being tracked, I have bad news to tell you. 
I'd get the 7 if you don't have enough money for the 8. However, if you plan to use the phone for a couple of years, I think the 8 is worth the investment. 
If you haven't already, backup your photos to another service. it's more than likely the photos that are causing it to crash. Then, try again. I did this with my 6s
That's what he is talking about. 
Plus. Specs are better.
4GB is more than likely your problem. 4GB of RAM isn't enough to run Windows anymore. I think for most computers, 6-8GB of ram would be the best. 
What are your specs? If you pay cheap for a laptop/desktop, you’re going to get a garbage experience. If your laptop is old, you’re going to have a garbage experience.
I’ve used Windows 8 through Windows 10 and it doesn’t slow down. Using Power Saver Mode is **obviously** going to throttle the OS to conserve battery, which again, I’ve used and it doesn’t slow down anything, but I digress. Your comment isn’t relevant as to why Firefox is a battery hog.
Not defending Microsoft’s actions, but was just stating that Firefox is notorious for killing batteries, especially with Quantum. 
Why didn’t you take a screenshot?
Firefox is bad on battery. There is no denying. 
/r/BetterEveryLoop 
-	Hello Seattle
-	Fuzzy Blue Lights
-	All songs in Mobile Orchestra (though for some reason a lot of people hated this album)
-	Honey and The Bee
-	Strawberry Avalanche 
-	Designer Skyline
-	hot air balloon 
-	on the wing
-	air traffic 
-	galaxies
-	when can I see you again?
-	on the wing
-	Steady as she goes (pre owl city)
-	Vanilla Twilight (my favorite song)
I’ve tried to get the S series of iPhones but it broke when the 8 came out lol (I thought the 8 would be called the 7s)
1024×768
Title: (None; Medium Profile)
Genre: Tech Journalism; Software
Word Count: N/A
Type of feedback desired: Critique, General Impression
A link to the writing: https://medium.com/@t_mcendree

Hi, I want to become a tech journalist, and would like to receive feedback, both good and bad on my writing, and suggestions to improve. Thanks!
This is posted every other week. At least people who didn't know about it learn it
We did! 🍕❤️
/u/weasel2113

Thank you for feeding my family! 
$confirm
Yes
Can someone explain?
That’s literally what the parent comment says.
I went to a Sam's Club, and the pixel 2 they had on display had the worse screen burn I've ever seen.
Then that’s a no afaik 
    about:config
geo.enabled >> **false**
/r/photoshopbattles 
Summary of this thread:

I have issues on my devices still - Downvote to oblivion 

I don’t have any issues - upvote 
For free, QBTorrent. 

For paid, Torrex Pro. It allows you to torrent on the Xbox 
Never noticed this but now I can’t unsee it 
https://www.reddit.com/r/iphone/comments/7nbz3j/lpt_getting_popups_on_safari_heres_how_to_get_rid/
Chrome Tile: https://dakirby309.deviantart.com/art/Metro-UI-Icon-Set-725-Icons-280724102

Rainmeter Theme: https://niketang.deviantart.com/art/Dark-671381247

Wallpaper: https://imgur.com/a/Vr0Xe

Chrome Theme: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lollipop-green-theme/ogcfafkibdhlkogchcahfjpbaimngjdo?hl=en
> .tabbrowser-tab:not([selected="true"]) {
>     filter: grayscale(100%) !important;
> }

He wasn't OP, but that is what I wanted! Thanks!
Either way, It's cancer 😂
Oh god. I remember when that was a default font on people’s S3/S4. Literally cancer.
Exactly what I thought. It’s mixture between a regular font and comic sans
ノ┬─┬ノ ︵ ( \o°o)\ 
This was asked since last year lol, probably even before that 
Yes. Please!
502 bad gateway?
I switched from the iPhone 6s to the iPhone 8 Plus. I’m having no problems. Reachability and One handed keyboard are there if it’s too big for you :)
It’s the worst in Google Play Music.
I’m aware. That’s why I provided an app and an example. 

Red is for mic access: https://i.imgur.com/r55bMO2.jpg

Green is for calls: https://i.imgur.com/qBvq6uX.jpg
You can do the same thing in modern versions of Android.
I'm confused. Can someone explain?
Here’s an example. While SoundHound is recording iOS doesn’t show that it is. The app manually has to do it. So if you enabled mic access say for “calling” in one app, the same app may be using it to target advertisements https://i.imgur.com/aR2mfRg.jpg 
The indicator only appears at the top once you leave an app. 
That’s why the dev has created a roadmap.
Your post makes it sound like Netflix is doing this on purpose. 
It really depends on what you put in. 

I fucking hate black coffee, but love macchiatos, frappes and lattes. Usually because they add cream, syrup and other flavorings. 

My favorite hot coffee is a tie between peppermint mocha and caramel macchiato. My favorite cold coffee is mocha frappe. 
Apple should do the same thing. This is a feature that is worthy of being added to all OSs
That clock font is cancer. 
Ah. I was worried about my 8 Plus 

Edit: really? You downvoted me for a question? Jfc 
/u/iamthatis 

I'd love to see a feature like this (optional of course) where picture parallax like the iphone homescreen/protube
On which device?
If you have some money to spare, I'd recommend an ad-blocker to prevent these.
If i recall correctly DuckDuckGo’s extension does that
I don’t have an Android, but this is why I don’t use Facebook apps on my devices.
Basically, Google and other ad companies don’t bother checking all ads on their platform. Occasionally you’ll run into these malvertising ads that are invisible. They typically use your user agent which is why it knows you’re an iPhone user. 

Like people said, if this happens to you, you’ll want to clear your cookies as first party cookies can read other sites if they are programmed to.
Nope. He has the iPhone X
Either way, I agree. Google Play Music is the only iOS app that Google doesn't seem to update with bug fixes.
I don’t know why you’re being downvoted. Either way, I'd totally recommend getting an iPhone SE. You'll get the performance of an iPhone 6s in a smaller package. Aside from that, Google's apps on the iPhone are very smooth and have options to use them as default and not Apples.
Um, Google Play Music doesn't have a widget on iOS. Are you referring to the music controls that any audio app has?
Can you make a version that says "Xbox One S" and remove the project scorpio text? I love your work btw 
What apps are using the most power?
I can use it all day and go to bed with the battery only at 47%. It's fucking amazing.
I use Hiya for calls. It's never failed me. As for SMS, Hiya isn't good. If you're getting spam text, I highly recommend getting spam hound
-	CARROT⁵ Weather
-	Airmail
-	SpamHound 
-	Tweetbot 
-	iCab Mobile
-	Tailor
-	Deliveries 
https://reddit.com/r/Android/comments/7d9ri4/why_im_thinking_about_switching_back_to_android/

I was thinking about the same thing, but have decided not to. I was going to move to the Note 8, but  I really do enjoy getting updates faster. While iOS 11 was a gaunt clusterfuck, I want to believe iOS 12 will fix all the issues in iOS 11
If you don’t already have one, I hope this makes you realize you need a screen protector 
You sure? because this has worked for me since I've gotten my Google home.
> Put the phone on top of the car to help get my kid into the car. Didn’t realize I left it on top, until I heard something fall off the car going at least 60mph.
> 
> The condition of the phone is surprisingly almost perfect. It burnt through one of the corners of the case leaving some scrapes on the actual phone. And the screen protector chipped a tiny bit. Other than that, not a single scratch on the body or the camera! I consider myself very damn lucky. Haha.
> 
> I’m more pissed that my leather case just started to get the deep weathered look.


Yes
Oh, my mistake.

Rip iGoogle and Google Reader
No problem 
I have moved all my data to Google :-)

I'm liking it much more. 
I personally prefer Weblock, but it only blocks on WiFi. Adblock will block on both data and WiFi. Ublock isn’t available for iPhone, both Adblockers use lists though
Can you try a restart?
Yep. That’s why I moved away from everything Microsoft. I’ve invested a lot of money into it and I always got fucked over by them. 
Xbox Music had this too, but Microsoft killed it when they released Groove Music. 
https://en-americas-support.nintendo.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26400/~/youtube-for-wii-service-has-ended

> The YouTube app for Wii is no longer in service.

YouTube ended its support for the Wii YouTube app on June 28th, 2017 as part of a larger initiative by YouTube to phase out its availability on older devices. We appreciate your support of this application on the Wii console over the years. YouTube functionality will continue on the Wii U console and Nintendo 3DS family systems.
It's fine. These batteries tell your outlet to stop sending power. 
https://www.watchguard.com/training/fireware/80/dnsprox2.htm

> DNS-Incoming:
   This proxy action includes rulesets to protect your DNS server from DNS queries that are not correctly formed and certain query types that could be a risk to the security of your DNS server.

DNSs are used for many things, but in the case of Adblock, when it creates a DNS, It's like funnel. It'll let everything in that isn't blacklisted (ads, trackers, etc.)
You have to edit your flair on the website 
It doesn’t look like Adguard Pro supports custom filters at the the moment but I’d enable to following to achieve the same effect

1.	Fanboys
2.	annoyances 
3.	safari filter
If he continues to call, he’ll get fined and even put into jail (temporary) for harassing an ex. Considering law enforcement is now involved to, they’ll typically also check the offenders social media too. 
I feel you. I only drank a coke last night and just woke up at 5:30am MST, to literally the worst pains I have ever had. I took 2 500mg acetaminophen and 4 81mg Ibuprofen pills. It may seem like over kill, but I was literally on the verge of tears and almost called the cops.
I’ve gotten notified about new logins, but I haven’t gotten a notification that someone was attempting to access my account from an unrecognized device (like a lock out)
I love their touch pads though
No problem! 
No problem! I also use it on ublock 😁
Weblock, Adblock by FutureMind and Adguard Pro all work system wide. If it doesn't block ads or redirects, add this filter: https://fanboy.co.nz/r/fanboy-ultimate.txt
Report him to the cops. 
Nice! I personally prefer Fanboy's list over any other configured ones in most adblocking apps that you can add lists to 😁
That's nice to know! Happy adblocking! 💚
Add this to Adblock and see if it helps: https://fanboy.co.nz/r/fanboy-ultimate.txt
Lucky!
Are you a beta tester? 😁
Hmmm. That's odd. Try adding this filter: https://fanboy.co.nz/r/fanboy-ultimate.txt
I've had more luck with Weblock personally. I did purchase Adblock by FutureMind when it was discounted though, but I digress.

Can I get more information about your device and Adblockers?
Try selecting some filters here: https://i.imgur.com/b4PwI97.jpg
Can you give me a link to the specific content blocker? Are you sure you enabled Safari integration? 


https://www.macworld.com/article/2986298/ios/how-to-enable-safari-ad-blockers-in-ios-9.html
I'd go for the 8 if you like 3D Touch
Interesting! I hate the default calendar due to the lack of color to differentiate calendars and events
And the iPhone 8
Technically speaking, even though what you said is correct, they did get past Apple. Google, Microsoft and Facebook will all notify the user via notification and SMS that they're logging in on a new device, that the location is different from the common location of the user or will ask you to answer questions. While Apple was never hacked, the iCloud leaks were unauthorized.
Really? I go into fantastical religiously
Go for the iPhone 8. Just upgraded from a 6s to an 8 Plus and it's by far the best iPhone upgrade in the last 5 years
Yes and yep. As for not wanting to share your phone number, don't worry, it doesn't identity you to other callers. Its only used for local spam protection. If you don't feel comfortable giving them your real number, you can give them a Google voice phone number. As for other spam apps, most of them are subscription based and I personally don't like subscriptions. As for spam hound, I found it on the top is apps on MacStories
Rule V: No cartoons or children.
I switched from Android to iOS in June of 2016. The experience was better than any other android phone I had have. Everything is smooth unlike most android phones. Here’s some tips:

-	Download your Google apps to transfer things over to iOS. Some people in the /r/iPhone subreddit hate when you mention google due to past apple relationships but the fact is, most people use google.
-	stay with safari. not only does it have system integration, but you can block ads in it. I highly recommend 1Blocker.
-	use opener to open links in apps (1.99$)
-	get workflow. its like tasker for iPhone 
-	use hiya to block spam calls and spamhound to block spam texts
DONT FORGET TO ADD AN UGLY ASS GRAY DOCK THAT YOU CANT REMOVE!
Jesus fucking christ lmao! Where was the speaker prior? I have my cord behind a dresser
What happened?
😲 Are you snazzy labs?

(Pocket Casts has Chromecast, Apple TV and Google Home support, speed up podcasts, nice interface and my personal favorite feature, silence remover)

(iOS's podcast app is ok for average users, but if you're looking for a better experience and listen to podcasts alot, It's well worth the money.)
💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
You're adorable! 😂
Honey, That wasn't attacking you. I'm sorry if telling you spend more money on food hurt your feelings. Here's a cake to make it all better! 💚🎂
Airmail - 2016
> 1) I don’t eat fast food 🤷‍♀️
> 2) opener is $2
> 3) I buy plenty of apps, mostly with what I earn from google opinion rewards.

I'm talking about this Hun. 
Try a refresh
1) A lot of people do
2) It was 99c in the past, and paying 2$ for an app is not bad. Again, you spend more money on ~~fast~~ food every month than buying an app for 2$. 
3) If you buy plenty of apps, why are you bitching about a 2$ app? 
Aside from being different devs, ProCam seems to be focused on precise manual setups, where as camera+ is setup to be customizable, but easy. They have some default types of shots to make things less tedious
It actually isn’t. Workflow can do the same thing.

X Callback URLs let iOS apps communicate with each other, and most apps have them. Workflow will easily let you open things in apps, but Workflow is like Tasked for Android. It’s extremely hard to learn at first, but when you learn it, it is well worth the time. Aside from that, 99¢ really isn’t expensive at all. You pay more on fast food monthly than apps 
Totally forgot about reeder! I’d also add that to my list 💙
That's not a reminder button, that's a save button. Go to your profile to view saved posts. 
GOD FORBID SOMEONE BESIDES THE DEV ANSWERS A QUESTION THE DEV HAS POSTED PRIOR! OH GOD THE F**KING HORROR!
filled 
1. Fantastical - Gorgeous Calendar App
2. Tweetbot or Twitterrific
3. iCab Mobile - Great power user browser
4. Camera + - Feature Rich Camera App
5. Linky - Share to multiple social network pages and accounts fast
6. SpamHound - SMS Spam Protection
7. iA Writer - Minimal Writing App
8. 1blocker - Great adblocker for safari
9. Opener - Open links in apps
10. Friendly - THe offcial facebook app is shit, this is customizable as fuck. 
11. Pocket Casts - Podcast
12. Anything Readdle
13. Reeder - Great RSS/Feedly client (Thank you to /u/AlekseiZee for adding it!)
Hope you enjoy yours too!
I’ve never wanted anyone more “gone” than this dick. 
This is fucking amazing 
How much do you think this will cost the school to replace?
That’s sooo funny! I just upgraded my iPhone 6s to the 8 Plus today too! ❤️
Ray Croc was a fucking dick. 
These aren’t tears in my eyes, are they?
>	and if you identify as pansexual, or any of these other labels, please know that I’m not trying to attack you or purposely disrespect you, for this post is mainly aimed at those transgenders.

Then why the fuck are you whining about pansexuals? (I do agree agree with the pan being bi)
Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. 

This is too much of a good design for Apple
The inconsistency of Siri lmao. Thank god I bought a Google Home. I wish we could replace Siri with assistant.
✨
I understood what you said, it wasn't a point at all.
Their will of hating penis in the butt? It ain't taking away shit.
You mean the people who are getting denied because they like dick up their butts? What someone shoves up their ass or puts their dick shouldn't get them denied service. So unless you have an actual argument here, I'm done. 
Unless your business is a private one, you serve to the public. Just because I want cock in my ass doesn't give the right for someone to refuse business to me because religion.
What's unamerican is to deny people freedom to be who they want with whom they want.
Yes, and no they don't. You can't expect an almost 4 year old phone to run newer software great. Batteries degrade. I'd prefer a slow device over a device that shutsdown 5 times a day. 
Not as ugly as rat tails.
If it’s the right person and the right topic both can get triggered fast. I’ve seen people of both genders freak out over the stupidest shit. 

I’ve seen men who freak the fuck out if you assume their sexuality (turning violent) and women beat the sh** out of other woman for “body shaming” (telling someone they need to go on a diet). 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hd.plane
I remember how much I wanted a 6P in 2014 or 2015. I'm so happy I never got one. 
Yep
https://i.imgur.com/B7e3Ukp.jpg
Sorry! How long did you have her? 💚🐸
What were your thoughts in those 17 days?
Jared is probably my favorite person in the show 
Siri already integrates with shazam :-)
720
WLPPR
Aside from having a gorgeous and minimalist interface, I love the live lyric feature :)
It's about time they slimed the home screen down! /S
I have a hard time believing this. I updated my M9 to Marshmallow back in March of 2016 and it literally crippled the performance. 
> no your post is stupid. lol dont know how else to reply

And you had to dig through my history. Discussing an issue isn't stupid. Saying Saying "Google" is intrusive is truly stupid. So unless you have an actual reason for why the post is stupid, move on. You chose my post because I pissed you off. If you were actually looking for stupid posts, such as your own, you would have found it. 


> to you, maybe. i have a different "opinion"

You still haven't explained yourself as to why you think saying "Google" is intrusive.

> Nope context is there plain as day.

You took part of my sentence, not the full thing. You sound like a twit.

> text is read not heard. swearing, bullying, and name calling for no other reason than reading an opinion that is different from your own is dated.

This is true, but I know for a fact when quoting or refering to someones text, you have said "wrote". You attempt at trolling is poor.

>No. but "talking" involves a conversation. I was saying sure dude to you throwing "Web Dev" out there like it means something,

The definition of talking is "the action of talking; speech or discussion." and Reddit Comments are based on Discussion so you contradicted yourself, pal. This is the internet, you don't have to believe me. I can't force you. Just know when you're talking to someone who uses multiple browsers to test code, and tell them to use one, you found retarded as shit.

> responding to you any further would put me at risk of seeming "retarded" and logging into an alt to upvote my comments once on an old post would make me a loser. seriously though, calm down man its just an opinion i hold. try and be a little nicer to people and respect others views, even if they differ from you own. Take care.

You're telling me to come down while simultaneously going through my post history because I hurt your itty bitty feelings. 

Tap accounts in the top left
You keep adding information right after I submit my comment so it looks like I ignored your post.
Gotta love how you keep editing your posts right after submitting them. Good job on editing within the 3 minute time you have to do so! 👏
1. Horrible battery life on all my Android and Windows Mobile phones
2. Adblocking (Google forced Adguard out of the play store)
3. Security
4. Timely Updates
5. Prefer the iOS design over material personally
Which is why apple allows carriers to fix shit you fucking twat. 
And they could go to an Apple Store or their carrier, where its the same price 👏👏
20$ with AppleCare when discounted in price. 79$ without it. So instead of spewing shit and your biased opinion, listen to the people giving you actual facts and not bullshit media. 
The devices aren't slowed to get you a new phone. That's why replacing a battery (20$) fixes the problem. That's literally why if you go to the battery section it says "YOUR BATTERY NEEDS SERVICED". Take care of your electronics and shit like this wouldn't happen. 
Aside from that Tweet, In the 2018 Timeline, You'll seen an Android ride the spark mail icon: https://i.imgur.com/xdS7ORC.png
I figured I'd post this as Readdle is a Apple focused dev and has been one since 2007. 
Thank you so much!
I’d keep them both installed but use CARROT⁵ as your main app
This still works: https://www.askvg.com/how-to-enable-new-ctrltab-preview-thumbnails-list-in-mozilla-firefox-3-6-beta/
*Edge (uses battery wisely, extra microsoft reward points)
*OneNote (I don't really care for evernote or keep)
*Cortana (Used her since my windows phone days, I use now mostly for reminders)
*Outlook.com (I use Gmail however I sign up to everything with my Outlook.com alias because in Outlook you can block domains. This means if a mailing list is aggressive, even after unsubscribing, I can block the domain instead of sending it to spam (like Gmail))
*OneDrive (I use this for my movie collection.)
> i went into your history to show you that you have a dumber post in r/google than i do, after i read your childish comment on an opinion post.

Which just implied you got offended enough to go through my history for a old post. Your post is stupid. There is nothing intrusive about saying "Google". I'm not saying this shouldn't be an option, I'm saying that the fact that you think "Google" is intrusive is fucking stupid.


> all people are consumers even web developers, being a consumer has nothing to do with understanding javascript and html.

Congratulations, you took my words out of context. When you're telling users to switch to a product because another is "legacy" (in your opinion) when a product does things differently, you sound fucking retarded. Being a consumer (talking about downloading a browser to, you know, browse the web) and not knowing how the web works makes you a consumer of the web. Even as a Web Developer myself, I am a consumer. I hope this explanation opened your eyes and helped you understand.

> covered this in post, customers have a right to form opinions on products.

I never said a consumer couldn't have an opinion, I asked you why saying "Google" was wrong. You say its intrusive, and you don't give us any specifications as to why you think so. 


> sure dude lol

Is talk about rendering engines confusing you?
LOL Did you really go into my post history because I offended you? What a child 😂

Anyway, as a Web Dev, I need to use multiple browsers. I want to make sure my code looks right in other browsers. But I guess as a consumer, you wouldn't understand software, specifically web browsers, render things differently. 

As for customization, What the hell is wrong with saying "Hey Google"? It's been like that since 2012, when your account was first created. I'd rather say "Hey Google" than some stupid name like "Hey Anal lee".
This is the stupidest fucking post in all of /r/google history. 
Extremely old article 
Yep. I’m not going to switch services I already use just because I’m using Apple’s OS. I use services from all sorts of companies. Mozilla, Google, Microsoft, Apple, etc. 

Don’t let my google icons fool you though, I use them to automate tasks via ifttt.
I've never seen worse font rendering than this. 
**Please post screenshots instead of text snippets!**
I’ve had the exact opposite experience
I use Gmail because I’m grandfathered into it. That and iCloud doesn’t have ifttt automation 
It’s been available since iOS 9
Really? That’s cute!
Yeah. I remember watching the episode for the first time and lmao but everytime I watch the episode, I am reminded by the cunts who run that cult. 
How did you and your wife meet?
Even sadder what happened to his voice actor
Since iOS 8, You’ve been able to use Content Blockers. I think they require an iPhone 5s or higher. Anyway, go to the App Store and search “content blocker”. I personally prefer 1Blocker.
People said the same thing when radio was invented, and again when tv was invented and again with consoles and again with computers.

Just because our generation didn’t have these when we were kids, doesn’t mean they can’t have fun. 
I hope this isn't a pro feature 💚
Apple limits how often you can refund, and even then, there are chances you can't get something refunded 
> Assistant
That would be awesome. There has been many times where I want to share apps with friends and family and then realize I bought an IAP to get where I am. 
In what way is it not Apple's fault? Windows, Windows Mobile, and Android all have a trial/try feature. Apple can do this. Edit: Yes, Downvote me without clarifying your opposition. 
>**Option** 
> Can we get an **option**
> Can we get an option
From using both:CARROT⁵ Weather is much better designed and thought out in my opinion. Not only is the app visually attractive and appealing, if you don’t like it, you can customize it. Some of the features do require a subscription for the dev which ranges from 4$ a year to 50¢ a month. I personally dislike this, but that’s because as a Highschool student, I don’t have access to a credit card. CARROT⁵ also doesn’t have notifications unless you have the Mac app or an Apple Watch. I have neither so it’s a fallback. I hope the dev doesn’t hide them behind a paywall, as the app is expensive when you think about purchasing it for 5$, and then paying for more features monthly/yearly for more features, he did say notifications are on the way though. I’d like see a tip jar to get pro membership or unlock *some* features like PCalc. That being said, as a developer myself, I do feel like he should be paid for his work, especially with a baby and wife to support.Dark Sky: I love Dark Sky because it provides me up to date notifications where as CARROT⁵ doesn’t. So I keep Dark Sky installed. I prefer dark sky’s approach to the radar feature. It’s much more appealing to me. That being said, I think the interface looks minimalist but bland. I hate the newspaper like color. 
Only in China
I'm aware, but the user stated he switched from an S8 to an iPhone. 
I use to be a big Microsoft fan especially after Windows Phone 8.1 and Microsoft Band, but they keep forgetting about consumers. I switched from their products to other offerings because Microsoft just isn’t good with keeping products alive and supported. I feel bad for Band 2 owners
Even when provided information you’ve got to fight about it lmao
Hun, There is nothing in the Bible telling people jesus was born in December. Christmas was adopted, as stated again, from Pagans. 

Edit: https://www.ucg.org/the-good-news/christmas-before-christ-the-surprising-truth
It was a holiday celebrated by pagens. Christians finally celebrated it, far after initially meeting pagens originally. The holiday was about celebrating life originally. This is high school History.
No, I didn't say Jazz! I said CHAZ! We have to pick your grandpa up from the central shops mall!
Ah
You can block ads on safari :)
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/90/bf/e5/90bfe5852f79696d01161597711a27c5.gif
I have never seen so much neglect. 
No. 
Hun, I don't care if nobody asked. The great thing about Reddit is you can post shit. 
You have an awesome sister! Cute snoo!!
Maybe it's me but that hair is gross
Jokes on them. Christmas is a pagan holiday that was supposed to celebrate earth and getting together

Edit: autocorrect 
Ah, when Ron wasn't an asshole to Harry out of pure jealousy
What the fuck 
https://getsupport.apple.com/
I'm pretty sure PlayStation was DDOS. 
Here's to fixing it without stains 🤞💙
1. Mercury Reader
2. Forest
3. OneNote Web Clipper
4. Pocket
5. Tampermonkey
6. uBlock Origin
7. Stylus
8. Google URL Shortener
9. Google Voice
10. Black Menu for Google
11. Honey
12. CaretTab
13. Lazy Tabs
14. Emoji for Google Chrome (replace windows 10 ugly emojis with Apple)
/u/filmgeekvt did you ever fix it?
Firefox Menu >> Help >> Report Deceptive Site
Awesome!
This has never worked for me
Actually, even though outlook blocks it from my view, SmartScreen will declare it as spam if it continues to spam users who expressed they don't want it. So it basically prevents these emails for other users. Gmail does the same thing iirc
Outlook.com let’s you block domains so ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I bought this game and it is fun as fuck.
/r/noshit 
People think the google iOS experience is better, but it’s not. We didn’t get a material Design Gmail interface until late last year and didn’t get gmailify until I believe November of this year. 
Doesn’t AAC provide a higher quality of sound? 
This is why I didn't like how the devs soldout
I think it's funny he plays a character in a show who is anti big corps and then fucking gets hired by Verizon to do this shit
Google now is so bad now. I fucking hate how they got rid of the option to remove cards via a swipe
Just started using CARROT⁵ Weather after postponing purchasing it for awhile as I had dark sky. Great app, btw, congratulations /u/makerofcarrot on the baby 🍼 
Not triggered at all. I don't have an older iPhone device, and I take care of my battery unlike others. 
I'm *pretty* sure that zooms the video in. 
It may be on Windows Phone's subreddit, but because Windows Mobile and Windows 10 share a majority of code, it works on Windows 10. I tried it to verify. 
At least I get updates. Can't say the same thing about 70% of Android smartphones. And the ones that due get them long after the official release date, so by the time you get them, a new version of android is 5 months away. 
It took my HTC One M9 8 months to get marshmallow
I switched from Android to iOS purely for updates tbh. 
Nope. I prefer the native start menu 
I’d love to see this come to android 
I have a 1TB hard drive so I don't think that's it. 
I believe you're talking about this: https://www.reddit.com/r/windowsphone/comments/6vxrlw/you_can_now_open_youtube_links_with_your/
If you're using tracking protection (strict), turn it to basic. 
You should see how bad they are on iOS
You’d be correct 😀
Tap typing is perfectly fine in my experience. Swiping is a completely different experience 
https://i.imgur.com/23EaJbI.jpg there you go. Here’s my wallpaper too! https://i.imgur.com/8asZxWA.jpg
Of course features overlap with other apps, it’s a client.
I want to see it too lol

Edit: wrong two too to 2
Nah, I want my Snoo 
I don’t know it happened after I updated to 11.2.5 Beta 2
I thought it was a tron one to be honest 
Sweet! I love that tron style icon 
I like that it’s minimalistic, but I would like more color
/u/stabbot
Great to see this! I love UWP apps on Windows that run on PC, Tablet, Phone and Xbox!
I wish Dark Sky made their widget look pretty too 😞
Yes and it’s fucking infuriating
Airmail. I love the amount of customization and options 
So, your going to read the Torah to tell Apple your feelings?
Disable Bluetooth which is a tumor on your battery. 
Especially when you’ve had things scheduled. 
Seriously though lmao even I get annoyed because the apps are typically 10$ at Launch 
Is this dvd or manga?
In what way is an addon against a free and open web?
I personally prefer it due to it looking like a proper iOS app (tabbed buttons at the bottom) and I find the comment composer far superior. What I do miss about narwhal is the sidebar 
Can you elaborate?
I used Narwhal before I used Apollo and I'd disagree. I liked Narwhal and bought pro within 5 minutes of using the app, but the dev incorporates features very slowly. In fact, It's only after Apollo came out that Narwhal would/will add auto play gifs. 
Interface to me. It feels like a native iOS app. 
Yeah, The App Store has gotten worse lately. 
I beg to differ. The effects suck. Everyone knows the Earth is flat! /s
Yes. This typically provides a safer experience and less spam being submitted on the app store
> Boost for Reddit

Now For Reddit is also a great option
Bug fixes are even better! 💜
I'm confused. Who is this and why is he hated?
I'd love this
Yep! 
I see it reversed.
Sorry, I can't find that item.
Sorry, I'm afraid I can't do that.