That's not what Thanos' line means. He just means that he knows the stone isn't in the necklace because Dr. Strange never used it in their fight.
There was a ton of cool magic in Doctor Strange too, especially in the first fight with the Ancient One
I'm not gonna argue with things like that - obviously sometimes bottled is just the most convenient. What I don't like is when people *plan* to drink bottled water, routinely buying it by the case
The wizard and his necklace
>quiet Asian girls who had formerly played ~~flute~~ piano and had been coerced into the percussion section

This was half of our percussion. The other half, who were the marching band drumline, *were* the stoner jock douchebags.
I just wanna say this is awesome and exactly the kind of thing I did as a kid
In the press conference Rawkus literally said he sits next to Jake so he can cover Jake's mouth if he talks too long
Yeah, but the parent of the comment you're replying to cited two fantasy franchises as examples.
Did you want more?
At the end of the clip they also say "Welcome to the Overwatch League" because it was KSF's first game on stage
Alternately 

https://youtu.be/6cm2iFmASBc
That's a good one, I have mine set to "Stupidity is not a right."
He nice, the Jesus. They put him on two morsels of wood
You really think randomly subscribing people to subreddits they don't like is part of a master plan?
It's less about not bothering to think about a match and more about allocation of resources, namely the limited time each week to prepare for two different matches.
Yes, winning against the Dolphins, Bills and Jets counts in the standings, but if the Patriots beat those three teams, that on its own wouldn't be grounds for calling them a top tier team. Valiant have earned their wins in the standings just like everyone else, but it remains to be seen whether they in their current state are contenders against the league leaders.
His star power is such that he lives in a jungle and refuses to leave to film anything, so they have to come to him instead
That's such a John Goodman thing to say that I'd put money on him saying "Mr. X is my father, call me Y" in at least three different roles
Anecdotally, no, all the guys I've worked with would say "hand me my screw gun." Still though I understand most people using "drill" to describe both; I was mainly countering the idea that anyone would ever call a screwdriver a "manual drill."
Assuming this is a joke - a "manual drill" wouldn't actually be a screwdriver at all. Drills create holes, while drivers put things in them
I think ambitious is a fine word to use. Ambitious isn't the opposite of lazy, it's the opposite of content.
I don't think I've ever interpreted "ambitious" as describing anything more than the desire for something. You can desire something without putting in the work to get it, it just means you'll never get it.
you only get a pass for this because it's from the same series
Anyone know of a fatter gaming mouse that can fill my hand? All the mice I've tried seem to make me claw together my thumb and pinky to really grip them.
League makes you buy the heroes themselves, right? Personally, I prefer having gameplay open to everyone with paid cosmetic loot boxes over paid content and paid cosmetics.
It was a tribute, I swear! My next one was going  to be Manson-style!
Gotcha. 6v6 works the same way.
There's no 4v4 Elimination; there's 3v3 and 6v6 elimination, and FFA deathmatch and 4v4 team deathmatch.
This is a bit of an overreaction; you know they've done competitive Lucioball and Capture the Flag before, right? This'll be more of the same.
The wisdom tooth infection lasted so long because of problems transferring dental insurance overseas AFAIK
Prepare yourself for Taika Waititi's **What We Do In The Shadows** sequel, **We're Wolves**!
Yeah, Alchemist, why aren't you leading the dev team in between directing the twitch stream?
That guy's just saying it's more fun to play in your face
In Hearthstone and especially at new expansion time, "filler" is used exclusively to refer to bland/bad cards that were seemingly only printed to "fill packs."
And that's perfectly fine - but someone who values streaming over competing should obviously not be on a pro team
This is like saying "we've watched the Patriots play under Belicheck for twenty seasons, why are they keeping their playbook secret?" Strategies are constantly shifting and reacting.
Burst is probably the word you're looking for
It would have helped if you'd actually provided examples of bad things Dean Kamen has done, to complete your metaphor
Poor jack in the box, getting stuck with one dumpster fire while their competitor is stuck with another
Very interested in exploring the redesign, thanks!
https://youtu.be/zW1uN0SjKPY
I think you mean a mortal squashed by Mozart
Anyone know what the tiebreaker is? I'd guess Oasis 
I think the confusion comes from the double meaning of "model"
I get way more benefit out of being able to see where I was every day and for how long than I lose from Google knowing those things, and it's a small price to pay for Google Maps.
"We" will not have access. It's most likely they'll just give the competitors a bit of time at the event to practice, which is what they did for the last invitational.
Couldn't they also remaster it for the better - improve the dynamic range?
Some people just aren't very detail-oriented/observant. One of my friends makes my head hurt with the thing he doesn't realize until I point them out
Yeah, verdict isn't in on this shooting in particular, I was referring to the trend
"Fearing for their safety" is starting to remind me of South Park's "He's comin' right for us!"
Battle of the Sexes probably influenced you
Single best ERB line

"I'll flatten your style like bread - Naan violence."
https://i.imgur.com/WUkbjcM.png
Alright, I can understand that. Well if you add it in later, I've got a couple hundred games worth of data :)

Have you considered any other OW related sites? I've been tossing around ideas for things like improved OWL standings/schedules and a couple things to do with the Arcade.
Cool, thanks! I'm curious, did you ever track/consider tracking the date of each match? That's something I've been doing since I started, seems like it would be relatively trivial to get weekend/day data out of that, among other things.
Holy cow, this is so similar to the way I've been tracking my matches ("messing with spreadsheets") for a long time! https://imgur.com/a/P9P6J

Thanks so much for making this! How long have you been working on it?
Off topic - you just said "in this thread ____ in this thread"
[In case you want to level up](https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/83vhw7/_/dvmtgm4)
Just to one up everyone else replying to you:

Download the apps Musixmatch and If This Then That

Make an IFTTT formula: If Musixmatch ID's a song, add it to this Spotify playlist

Add to your home screen the Musixmatch widget that automatically identifies the song that's playing

Now, you have a red button that instantly figures out the song and adds it to a playlist!
I actually reflected this morning that if I think less of her, it's not because she's a pornstar but because she had a relationship with Donald Trump
You're damn right it does! What else are we supposed to do for the next 0-9 months?

What is your goal for the sanding? If it's to remove the stain, you should chemically strip it instead.
Anyone have experience with staining only part of a surface? To be specific, I'm using aniline dyes. The way I'm considering doing it is covering the area I'm staining with tape, then applying a polyurethane finish to the rest. Then, I'll remove the tape and dye the unfinished wood. Will this work cleanly?
>/u/guyonthissite is trolling or hates being wrong really badly.

Reddit's unofficial slogan
It's not about giving him a chance; his wisdom teeth have been infected and he's had problems with dental insurance.
This is known as [horseshoe theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horseshoe_theory)
Absolutely, all I meant is getting a feel for her rhythm.
You can play No Limits in the arcade. If you really want to grind out her mechanics, I recommend finding a FFA custom game. I played a game yesterday with 12 Brigittes and first to 30 kills, it was nothing but learning how to use cooldowns.
Oh, come on, don't criticize someone for changing their mind sensibly.
Hi, completely new to leathercraft but throwing around some ideas. Say I wanted to make a case for a box that's about 4" x 18"x  9". Would the best way to do this be like simple fabric sewing - i.e. stitch all the edges together and then turn it inside out? I'm not really sure where to start.

Where could I get 1/8" plywood for laser cutting? I can hardly find anywhere within an hour of where I live in New Jersey that lists it online.
Ah, didn't know what you were talking about until I realized your username was banelingz
I haven't been keeping track, but I'd say as often as the other rotating modes, I guess?
What are you referring to? Your comment is the only thing that shows up on Google
Mystery 1v1 still exists. There's Mystery 1v1 and Limited 1v1, they each turn up in the rotations.
No, we don't.
I'd say they're pretty comparable. If a language had only the word "move" to describe all those things, you could definitely say that in comparison English has a hundred words for moving.
Kinda sounds like you just invented the mechanism for punishment, well done
I have a branded deck of those from a theme park in Michigan, rarely use them though
I collect decks of cards, and I have my collection sorted into two categories: plain-faced and not. For speed games and any kind of serious game, I use the plain faced ones, so the more unique ones are only used for show or for casual games.
Strongman is superb
what
Yep, he's the only new one.
That's actually because I didn't manage to capture the whole thing, haha.
Yeah, I haven't done those
These are just the new skins. Mei got new skins last year
https://imgur.com/a/hZjb1

All new skins, adding more
In case you hadn't already realized, Sam's Club is essentially a Costco-type wholesale offshoot of Walmart (the Sam in the name is Sam Walton)
If you're using "we" to refer to humanity, then your sentence as written says that 2/3 rocket boosters were recovered on the first ever launch of a rocket by humans
This deserves its own post 100%
Great answer, thanks!
Ha, wow, that's the exact cap that broke. https://i.imgur.com/3wZl8Xe.png
That was the ad that stuck with me. Pretty sure Kurt downright exploded in his grave.
I agree that Spotify needs both a Play Next and Add to Queue button

Long pressing on an album, clicking the menu button, etc. all bring up an Add to Queue button.
This isn't accurate. If you're talking about what I think you are, this is what's happening: You tap the first song on an album, then after that song it'll play the next in the album, and so on. At this point, if you add another album to the queue, it puts the entire album up next because you technically don't have anything in the queue.

https://imgur.com/a/9JJek
Are you a baseball fan at all? Baseball is the best sport for this type of fact, because it's been played professionally for so long and has a long history of detailed stats
Okay, everything else in this thread, I'm completely on board with. This, though? I can't even imagine it. I don't think there exists a person on earth that I could walk through a museum with and feel like I got 100% of the experience, unless we both agreed to progress alone and meet up afterwards.
Yeah, it's a great way to practice pool! When you're good enough at pool, most shots are less about whether or not you sink the ball and *more about where on the table the cue ball ends up. It takes a lot of skill to control the power and spin on the cue ball in order to either set up your next shot well or give your opponent a crappy shot (known as playing safe).
God, this sounds like a blast to play, from your dad's perspective.
Your post inspired me 

https://i.imgur.com/R6mSzLB.png
Those two pictures are the same construction, shown open and closed. Of course it wouldn't stay open like that, this is a CAD simulation. 
So would it be more reasonable to decide whether I want it to be flush when closed or open, and do [this?](https://imgur.com/TSxZiBG)
[Mockup](https://i.imgur.com/qaTGGZG.png)

If I wanted to put a hinge on two pieces such that they would be flush both when open and closed, like this, the method in the mockup is the only way I can think of to do it. That is, making a precise mortise and insetting the hinge pieces. Is there another way? I haven't found much on this specific use.
[Mockup](https://i.imgur.com/qaTGGZG.png)

If I wanted to put a hinge on two pieces such that they would be flush both when open and closed, like this, the method in the mockup is the only way I can think of to do it. That is, making a precise mortise and insetting the hinge pieces. Is there another way? I haven't found much on this specific use.
Alright, thanks anyway
Jesus, thank you. This makes it so easy to see everything
Nah, I'm really looking for something totally distinct from a phone timer. Thanks for confirming what I found, though.
Where would you suggest someone start if they were looking to get into a job similar to yours?
Baseball is a totally different ballgame (no pun intended)
Are you sure? I haven't found a single timer that's not 60 minutes.
An egg timer and kitchen timer are one and the same.
Yep! On all Scrabble boards, the start square has the same appearance as the double word scores. [Example](https://i.imgur.com/BWHoFm3.png)
Anyone have knowledge about the workings of a clock or, more specifically, a kitchen timer? I'm working on a project and I want to embed a physical ticking and ringing 1 minute timer, but all I can find online in this style are 60 minute kitchen timers. Would it be possible to buy one of those and either modify the internal gearing or add gearing externally to change the timing to 60 seconds?
That's the difference between speaking off the cuff and posting edited text. You can tell he was editing as he spoke, but of course there's no backspace in real time.
Apart from tarot cards, there are also similar decks like pinochle cards. The most common playing cards that people play with are specifically poker cards.
Man I hope not, how will we know which are Hispanic and which have hornets?
[Mockup](https://i.imgur.com/qysSOHv.png)

What sort of hinges would work for this? I'd like them to be as hidden as possible when the project is "open", like in the center example. I'm not very experienced with hinges and I'm having trouble visualising the result.

There's no real pattern to which map out of each pair is played in a match, at least as far as I can tell.
Hourglasses need to be watched. We usually use a phone, but I was hoping to find something a little more tactile.
I can't visualize a way to do that, what do you mean?
I'm working on a design for a custom game board, and right now I'm thinking about ~50 1"x1"x1/2" square holes set in the surface, and a few more larger ones to hold pieces. What would be the easiest way to cut these holes, though? They're essentially mortises, so what I've found so far is that my options include chiseling by hand, using a mortising bit on a drill press, or using a CNC router. Doing it by hand would take a long time and I'm not sure I have the skill to make them uniform. A mortising bit would be expensive, and though I could probably finagle access to a CNC router, it would be difficult and possibly expensive.

What other methods are there? What are the results when using a chisel for this kind of finish work?
[Here's a side view](https://i.imgur.com/zcE6Bix.jpg)
https://i.imgur.com/ZmPWQfw.png
Even better, actually - we're the sequel to their movie
I was about to comment that the two stats would be identical proportionally, but you may be referring to the fact that a players full-match DPS would be drastically lower than, say, Pharah's in-fight DPS.
I think this may be exactly what the simulation does. It tells you it's found your perfect match, but then says you can choose to say goodbye to one person - but that person is your actual perfect match.
By whom? Why would competitive Overwatch highlights be removed on the competitive Overwatch subreddit?

https://www.reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/7psvjw/shadowburn_destroys_houston_as_pharah/

https://www.reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/7pp5ta/chipshajen_pushing_the_bounds_of_mercys_skill/
I really don't know why you think my post is in violation of this rule
*rogue
The wire didn't get crossed with "have a good time," but with "oh, okay." (not that this is at all a reasonable reaction)
Do you remember what the original example was?
Has it been explicitly confirmed that OWL stage 1 will be played on the patch *before* the one that went live today?
I'd wager that's exactly what /u/i_says_things meant by "trump-voter-like-individual"
In order to increase the supply of infrastructure workers without destroying the job market, you need to also increase demand: increase spending on infrastructure.
I think you mean the opposite - a team gets more money if more of its own skins get sold.
I only go to "ridiculously long" for financial stuff, etc. where security is more important than speed
Yep, initialisms are my life hack. Movie quotes, song lyrics, etc
>gordon

>***gordon***
Been using calibre for my Kindle for years. Probably works for Nooks too, but can't confirm
*like to play, I'm guessing
It's pronounced roughly like "Zhock", or like "shock" but with a Z sound at the beginning
Why are you intentionally ignoring the point he made - that the World Series is decided based on number of games won, not number of runs scored? In the same way, a baseball game is decided by number of runs scored, not number of innings won. His point is that those are the rules.
Yep, this is what happened at my second viewing. Intense
oh good all I have to do to not fail out is get a girlfriend

/s
Never when we've seen them in a movie - unless Disney had done things differently
Yeah, but you never saw Tarkin get verbally pantsed
I agree, would have been amazing to see the Jedi rising towards their glory, as opposed to fall - >near extinction - >still near extinction
It's like if you saw a guy walking out of a bank with a bulging black duffel bag, and he looked at you, pulled out a $5 and winked.
What do you think economics is based on, wizarding arithmamcy?
The funniest thing about this is that it means these are basically Republicans' trigger words
This is true
Rey *starts* skilled and hardened by life, whereas Luke is a farm boy who was whining and playing with a toy spaceship the day before he saves the galaxy.
In basically the second scene on Ach-to, Rey walks over to where the lightsaber landed after Luke tossed it over his shoulder, and two porgs are looking at it. One is hopping on the button while the other is looking down the barrel
Did you see the movie?
If it's not possible I'm gonna keep using caps lock
Why are you trying to tell me not to solve my problem? All I was looking for was "no, there's no way to do that" or an actual option. It's not like this is ruining my life, I'd just rather not have to deal with an annoyance if possible.
Thanks for the suggestion, but that's not really helpful
The way she looks while floating back is very reminiscent of Mary Poppins. No GOTG reference
>I refuse to believe he couldn't see or sense what Kylo was actually doing.

He did, but Kylo was so experienced with "mind reading" that he concealed his actual intentions perfectly. To paraphrase, Snoke said he could sense Kylo's unwavering conviction, and that he was turning the lightsaber towards its target - all of which was true.
She says "Scum!" and he says "*Rebel* scum!"
Do you know which version I can revert to that doesn't have this problem?
Fresh grated pecorino romano is the only cheese that goes on my pasta
As a Deathmatch player, I prefer Chateau only. Know any way for Blizzard to please both of us? Me neither. 
Wow, you can use airpods with android? I was under the impression that the connection was proprietary for some reason
Have you played Braid? That's what Tracer's game sounds like
>end of Logan

>low-stakes

Just kidding though, I totally agree
I agree, I think the regular season should either change the game rules or format each match in a way that minimizes the effect of draws. We don't know that the regular season is planned to be the same as the preseason at this point, so we'll just have to wait

The Outlaws lost because Seoul had won 2 maps and they'd only won 1. What solution do you propose?
Well, yeah. Just a joke
Outlaws are the first team *ever* to take a map off Seoul!
Yep! It's just the preseason, and Seoul won their first game 4-0 yesterday.
THAT"S RIGHT BOYS! Houston Outlaws are the first team to take a map off Seoul!
Sorry, I didn't make it clear that I was talking in a general/theoretical case
I was speaking specifically related to the size of the card pool.
The pool shrinking makes it better (more consistent) but less fun.
This is the best way to do it with such a small sample size.
Is there anything I need to worry about when moving folders from my C: drive (128gb SSD with Windows installation) to another hard drive? For example, program files/app data that programs may rely on
Don't you see? You'll be much better off when that money trickles back down to you!
FUCK I love this movie more every time I watch it. "Hasbian"
[In case you missed it](https://www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/7hzyl4/_/dqv81p6)
>the rule that you have to play every member

Link? I haven't heard this
It becomes evasive on the opponent's turn, if you were serious
Is this inspired in some part by the Harry Potter scene when Lupin is leaving?
Alright, imagine a straw vs. a hose. Or a big hose vs. a little hose.
> hot water being poured from a teapot wouldn't behave any differently if you were borrower-sized

How do you come to this conclusion? Imagine pouring water from an eyedropper vs. from a bucket.
You capitalized all the nouns
Where did all the Germans come from?
Alright, mopping is clearly different. If you have limited attention or motivation, cleaning up a little bit every day is probably easier than taking three hours once a month.
Goddamn it, you sniped me. Reading through this thread I was thinking about how I was going to go home and start by picking up all the junk in my room and putting it in one place, then sorting through it, but you're right. It would probably end up staying in a pile for a week
How do you come to that conclusion? Do you really think there's no point in picking up half the trash on your floor, or picking up the trash but not vacuuming?
Analogies are one of my top ten hobbies, a couple spots above parallel parking
Gotcha.
What sort of frills does it lack?
I have 2 27" right now and want to get a 144hz, I'm just worried about how it'll feel since so many are 24"
Anyone know some good uses for scrap sheet copper? I have a sheet about 4"x36", looking for ideas
Definitely the best quote from the movie
I don't know what vbeam lasers are, but based on the name alone, I want one
This is definitely true. Every time I take out home insurance, my house burns down! It's the strangest thing!
It therefore follows that a stupid question is one for which you're stupid if you don't know the answer
I just opened this sub to look for an alarm app, this looks great! Any codes left?
Valve is one of a very few companies on Blizzard's level, and they have the DOTA community to market to like Blizzard had WOW. And you may dislike the way Valve treated games after launch, but when was the last time they made a game that wasn't massively popular?
I think he's on your side
The devs don't want there to be any explicit incentive at all to not switch heroes when the situation necessitates it
I think you're right that nobody cares whether a player is local or from across the country. However, I think there's a clear difference between that and considering whether to cheer for a team that is a) unfamiliar, b) from a different country, and c) speaks another language. With all this and the fact that it applies to not just a couple players but the whole team, it makes sense that I, as a New Yorker, am not especially prone to cheer for NYXL.
This is some pretty extreme cynicism. Do you believe that he leaked the texts himself? If not, what kind of public statement could he have made that you wouldn't claim was attention seeking?
Where are you getting this? He explicitly says he and his wife have been talking about it and working on moving forward for *months*. This seems like a mature public apology to me.
These are just from when they showed the map on broadcast, right?
Have you played her on the PTR yet? Playing with her, seeing her animations and hearing her voice lines, etc. really make her feel less generic, IMO
Wow, they're actually using that idea. At Blizzcon they showed the OWL app, with real-time stats beneath the video feed.
Ayy! Especially after watching his interview, I'm so happy for Clockwork that he's finally getting his chance in a pro league with full dev support
It's still pretty confusing. Why does your flair say coach, anyway?
I would definitely recommend you change your flair if you're not actually their coach
This is the World Cup. Think of it like the Olympics vs. normal sports
Yes, as a player who tried out for a professional team, I, too, frequently emote during competitive games but don't understand that it stops when the game is over
The real question is if/when trades will become a thing
I don't think they're mutually exclusive. He does obviously care about Harry, but he also sees James in him and wishes he could be back with James.
Wait, do trees not turn colors in England?
This is a stacked roster, but *wow* what a terrible video.

-Obviously casting a girl for the appearance of diversity, since there isn't actually a girl on the team   
-Very unrealistic dialogue (with the exception of the couple phrases that were actually about the game)    
-No gameplay   
-Only introduces one roster member
I think that actually makes 6v6 more interesting. You have to use almost 3/4 of the roster to win.
I agree with you 100%. Every time I see a headline from Shareblue, I either know right away it's from Shareblue or, when I do notice, I realize the headline is probably a serious misrepresentation.
Damn, didn't know we had that info. Haven't seen it for anyone else
What do you mean by 180k?
"state of the art external lane departure indicators" is where it got me
In case you weren't aware, one team will always be wearing [white/a light color](https://imgur.com/a/g7Ukk) ingame. In general, though, I agree that they shouldn't have had so many similarly blue teams.
Thanks for showing me this, now I have something to practice when I'm bored
I really don't like this logo for a team called Mayhem. Sure, it's a bomb, but visually it represents anything *but* mayhem.
The NHL has both the Florida Panthers and Tampa Bay Lightning.
Yes. For the inaugural season, though, all teams will play at the arena in Anaheim.
Locker room treason
We Tigers really know how to sign 'em
That's a good idea, especially if the API is really robust
I'm almost positive that this won't be public-facing. There'll be an API, so there should be a third party site that will give you all of the above - and hopefully combines all matches into a history
Application Programming Interface. It allows third parties to access certain parts of the data. For example, if you want to make an app to view reddit, you would use the official reddit API to pull posts, comments, etc.
Ah, grouped by role. Do current tourneys do that? I hadn't noticed
Hmm, you could be right. It's still odd to me that it's the first stat shown
What do you mean by "in order of respective positions"?
Interesting, you're right, the math checks out. 

Very odd that they would display it like that. I can't see any reason to show that stat and not just the total number of kills.
What seems redundant to you?
What are "fractional kills," from the team stats on top?

Since these look real-time from the health bars and ult percentages, I wonder if these will be available to anyone other than the broadcast team. I think I saw elsewhere that there will be an API for the stats, which is exciting. It would be especially cool if they published each player's health and ult percentage over the course of the whole match
I would guess she's switched from another character since the start of the match
Well, yeah. /u/iceskertforthecause was just answering the question of whether a pitch that slow would be able to reach the plate.
He meant that it will take 1.53 seconds to reach home plate *horizontally.* If you threw a ball at that speed and angle, it would be directly above home plate after 1.53 seconds and be at the same level you released it after 3.46 seconds.
Best phrasing would probably be that there are people who believe dinosaurs didn't exist
The outside was turned on a different axis. When turning the outside, picture the lathe going from the near bottom right of the picture, through the bowl, to the far top left.
I wonder, have you watched Scrubs? I'm not sure if it's a trope in other shows, but in a later season of Scrubs, Dr. Cox meets his friend's son and he's very similar to Bill's. He's shown playing with blocks, not speaking and not making eye contact. Dr. Cox diagnoses him with autism. I'm curious how many people are making this connection because of Scrubs.
Anybody else notice Debbie's last name?

>Deborah Mitford

Mit is German for "with", so her name is literally Debbie With (Holden) Ford
Man, don't remind me. There are so many shows that I wish showed more of the actual work the characters did
Side note, my bio teacher always corrected "survival of the fittest" with "reproduction of the fit enough"
Nice. My method was just buying a jar of marshmallow fluff and putting the egg in the middle of the jar
Can you give me any more information about this?
Can you explain the proper way to wrap them?
>In 1983 "Barron" told the press that Trump had decided not to purchase the Cleveland Indians.

Wow. He's *always* been trying the "reject them publicly before people find out they rejected me" tactic
So what was it like when Jack Johnson opened for your solo tour?
That was just an example. I'm thinking about coming up with more and posting on the forums.

What if you received increasing rewards of some kind for surviving longer/getting kills while under worse and worse handicaps? Personally, I think this is a good way to make the mode more arcadey.
Shit, I'm just a Tigers fan who followed JV over, and I audibly yelped when Altuve's made it out
Are you sure about this? How many portraits were actually changed? Just in the first screenshot above you, Zarya is looking right.

Maybe it's a work in progress. I wouldn't be surprised if they end up making everyone face one direction, and then invert the portraits for one team in spectate view, so that the teams are looking towards each other.
That's an interesting idea, but I don't think it's reliable or fair enough. Counters aren't necessarily objective, and if the wrong player gets chosen as the "counter," it won't really help you. What could work better is a handicap system. Starting, say, a minute after someone spawns with one hero, they could begin receiving some kind of penalty, like slowly losing health/max health.
I YELPED when that ball cleared the fence
Gorgeous! Definitely an inspiration for my future handles

Interesting. The latter part is probably more of a quirk in the implementation than a design choice.
No other game types have multiple rounds in mystery heroes.
It's not backwards, it's more like the goods being transferred are the dollars, and the property is just a commodity.
There's also Arizona, which doesn't participate in DST - with the exception of a small isolated chunk, which is a Navajo reservation.
I'm starting to run low on bastards unfortunately
I learned something in this thread! It didn't even occur to me that there was a reason why New York and Quebec were both options.
I love living in a state that legally protects being able to pay someone minimum wage to paint Trump on gas pumps!
fuck.
Do you have the same statistic for conservatives?
I believe you meant to say "can**'t** really follow through"
Of course. However, the point of this visualization is less to communicate data specifically and more to show it aesthetically. I think it accomplishes its goal very well, personally. 
You're right! 451 degrees Fahrenheit is 505.9 degrees Kelvin
Why would an arc of the same length mean different time periods depending on which ring it's on?
My single favorite type of comic you write is when you take a simple and/or strange concept and extrapolate it to its "logical" conclusion, and the economics ones are the best!
Yeah, somebody slipped up. It's not clear whether games 3-5 are listed in ET or local
Would they work for clearing off highway hypnosis/heavy eyelids while driving?
"Re-occurring dream"

The word is recurring, unless all you wanted to point out is that you had the same dream more than once
You forgot about the absurdity of the name itself: just the phrase "none pizza with left beef" is enough to make me laugh
Can you even begin to imagine being in such a state of sudden  grief and then getting a call from *Trump?* It's hard to imagine that conversation being even slightly helpful.
Wait, nobody in your office understood speed dial?!
Hey, so do I! Got a lot more appropriate when I turned on alerts for Trump tweets...
that's a lot of haughty eyes
took me full seconds to realize the kid wasn't named San Joaquin Valley

What a badass name
I think I'm droooowning...HHHasphyxiated
I've been a Muse fan for a decade and didn't distinctly notice this until a month ago. Time is Running Out came on and I was full-on singing along, and having trouble so I focused on breathing between lines. Almost immediately I noticed Matt breathing perfectly in sync with myself. It was a life changing moment
[Hahaha...haha...ha....aw man](https://i.imgur.com/1sN6nBZ.png)
I can't help but imagine this as his platform:

"Better Blowjobs. Then, No Jobs!"
And now your comment has done the same
>If it looks like a Nazi, talks like a Nazi, and walks like a duck, it's a Nazi
Probably says the most about TedX
Huh, gonna have to practice that.
Are you just describing using a tape as a straightedge, or am I missing something?
Source on the missile plan?
My dad was watching a video last week of, iirc, Zappa's son and his band. He talked about growing up knowing Van Halen, then played Eruption... And then followed it up with Beautiful Girls or some shit! Wtf, Dweezil?
Why did you answer the question in an unrelated reply to someone else's answer?
Definitely this or New Jersey: Wipers On, Lights On
A towel about the size of a sheet of paper

Usually used as dish towels or in the shower
poser
I mean, can you blame me? The avocado store is right next to the Apple store, and they're both along the drive to my pot dispensary!
Excuse me? *I* only develop for giraffes.
This is like trying to compare dogs vs. giraffes, and then someone says "but there are so many different kinds of dog!" The two most different active Android versions have far more in common with each other than with IOS.
de si DE RA TUS bel lum
I went with a friend to an All Time Low concert a couple months ago. Between bands, they played Teenagers over the speakers. The instant it started, the crowd went *nuts* and sang every word. I'd never seen such unity among 16 year old girls
This is only a ban from the forums
Fucking KETCHUP for God's sake
Man, every time I hear Otterbox I think of the million iPhone 3,4,5 I've seen with an ill-fitting purple Otterbox. I just don't think quality when I think of them
This comment would be comedy gold if we were talking about Pewdiepie
R-

Read? 
Great quote, what's it from? 
This isn't a "plan my trip" post, I'm asking about ways to get into the city 
Where exactly do you take the bus to and from? 
Respectfully, I think you're full of shit. I totally understand that monogamy isn't for everyone, and more power to anyone who can find someone who's equally open minded. However, the way you presented your point - loving someone is "how poor people marry?" A guy who says he would never cheat on his partner because he loves her is "full of shit? Anyone who's saying that doesn't mean they aren't attracted to other women, they mean that they love their partner and would never do anything that would hurt them. 
Central Jersey. Basically, I'm just looking for a simple way to avoid the traffic and headaches of driving all the way into the city and parking. 
Central Jersey
Yeah, I know. Just looking for recommendations. I've never taken the bus, from where/what company is good? 
One of my curated playlists is called "ASOSTAGETMMSOARS."

It stands for "A Selection Of Songs That Are Good Enough To Make Me Stop On A Radio Station."
You're right
Suggestion for you or anyone else who's good with extensions: You should publish a Chrome/Firefox extension either to add a link on Twitter to a user's analysis page or to show the data directly on their profile
Gfycat if you don't need sound, streamable if you do

edit: thanks marco
*looking at ballot*

Hey look, it's Joe Bags' brother!
The guy at University of Delaware is known as Kirkbride Jesus, hangs out in front of Kirkbride Hall or Rodney Dining Hall
That's like saying "Why are they pitching life insurance to people who don't have life insurance?"

From a business standpoint, they're attempting to convert those who aren't attracted to veggie burgers
Charger, cable and battery(s) are all good.
Is this because you think the battery might be dead beyond the ability to turn on? I have another unusable V10 (my dad's) that I use to charge spare batteries, and all of them show 100% on that.
No damage that I can think of. No, it's not rooted.
https://www.ispot.tv/ad/7VYM/state-farm-attacking-buffaloes
What on earth does this have to do with strawman arguments?
*cough*

^do ^you ^mean ^Wolf ^Wolf?
Kneel:genuflect::bend forward:bow
This doesn't fit as much for me, indignation is a common feeling with few words that describe it so accurately. It could be that you just hadn't encountered the word nearly as much outside of HP... Which was the case for me with "coolly." For God's sake, Ginny said every other sentence coolly
Level 2 is "I still can't believe you're getting married today!"
https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/72rvxo/_/dnl4xwc
I think your conclusion might be off. From that quote, it's not that genetics are influencing behavior, it's that genetics are influencing the *correlation between* spanking and behavior; e.g. the presence of gene X makes kids who are spanked more likely to worsen their behavior.
Saying "drugs are the problem and we need to fix it" is like saying to a child's parents "poop murals are the problem and we need to fix it"
How versatile is Access? For what size of database is it worth learning?
He's probably getting elitist about programming
Fantastic analogy, I'll remember it
Is there such a thing as a pair of Bluetooth receivers that essentially replaces a wire, no-hassle?
I have few of those things, but I just discovered that IFTTT has functionality with an app called Musixmatch which has a Shazam-like feature. So now I have a big red button on my home screen that adds whatever song is playing to my playlist.
I like this idea. What trigger do you use for Tasker?
Great design. Gonna have to keep that in the back of my mind
>refuse to be counted

I think you mean refuse to pay
Eh, even symmetry doesn't work. They're two different meanings of the word "might"
I know where you're coming from, but if you think about it, this example isn't actually a dichotomy. He's not saying "I might [be an interdimensional being] or I might [die of boredom.]" He's saying "Despite the fact that I'm [an interdimensional being] I might [die of boredom.]" I think the previously suggested change was good, to "I may...but I might..." 

/u/thefullbleedreddit
I think the lions are supoort for a clinical argument that anxiety is better than depression

see: you, me and everybody else circa 2013/earlier
#preach

He got traded to the Yankees the *day of* my first ever Tigers game... I was wearing his jersey when I heard
You forgot about the three final secret ingredients: a Stanley Cup, a Pistons ring, and Don Kelly's Tigers jersey
shhh

*shhhhhhhhh*
From "Steady As She Goes"

*You've had too much to think, now you need a wine*

Was my favorite lyric from one of my favorite songs, great bit of wordplay. Then, couple months ago, find out it's actually "now you need a *wife*." What the hell, Jack White? My line is better!
You know, I never realize it consciously, but this is what I've been picturing and hoping for this whole time
I hate Mei and Symmetra, among others, because their basic abilities arrest movement
Hell, I *did* read the patch notes and still instinctively stood still for at least a couple games
What's brown and runny?

Usain Bolt
My Midwestern mom always says that when she first drove into New Jersey, the sign said

WELCOME TO NEW JERSEY

WIPERS ON, LIGHTS ON
What complaints do you have about it? I've had a V10 for a couple years and I'm very happy with it, probably going with the V30 when I need an upgrade
Fairly well reasoned, except:

>Anything else would be unprecedented and how often do you see politicians doing something unprecedented.

Oh, only about once a week since January
Pretty sure Stafford drew power from Kershaw last night when he screamed his name during the game

Sorry guys, we'll give back his essence once we win the Super Bowl. Go sit in the corner with the Wings, Tigers and Pistons
I think this is the first surrender cobra I've seen that actually looks like the cobra itself is surrendering
I love this label. Friend wanted an [album cover](https://i.imgur.com/HrPENVb.png) quick last night
My pup just had [her first event!](https://gfycat.com/ThisClearFinwhale) She's the border collie at the end. The dog before her is...a little old
No, the guy above you said if you revert COTW, once hunter gets good cards, it'll be back to OP and we'll be at square one.
Nah, he's from /r/dundermifflin
Was this made with the Architecture Studio?
Shocked to hear there's collusion in this establishment!
Andrew Garfield plays both the Amazing Spider-man and Mark Zuckerberg's friend in The Social Network
Does the signpost say they're at the corner of Houston Rd and Unity Lane?
Personally, I'm pretty susceptible to jump scares, so that could be why they affected me more than they seem to have affected you. Also, though, the jump scares had an added component to me of "FUCK it's back on screen" where I was pushing myself into my seat willing it to go away, and that's what made them really effective.
Not a single chance. They cut to that wide shot 3 times before the balloon showed up, and she was staring directly at the camera and grinning widely - but out of focus.
Just in case you were having trouble thinking of more connections, it also has a cyclops, a suitor, a seer, a main character (middle) named Ulysses, a bomb-ass soundtrack and the words "based on the Odyssey" in the beginning. Wait, the Odyssey didn't have a soundtrack? Well, I guess you sometimes *can* improve on the classics
*buffalopes
Wow. How creative of a person would you say you are/were before you got the studio?
I mean, yeah, 99% of words in the English language would have been worse
You're absolutely right
>I actually think Trump *happened to do* the sensible thing this time

FTFY

Even a clock running backwards at the wrong speed is right once in a while
Well, yeah, but it's a strictly worse Wild Growth at literally any time you don't have a minion on the board
http://resources.infosecinstitute.com/wp-content/uploads/121411_1611_SecureRando1.png
"Lich King" cards couldn't possibly have been a worse name than "Death Knight" cards
Your way is definitely a good solution, but for general household use, you should look for spreadable butter at your grocery store. Works like a charm
Whoa, whoa, whoa, those were hypothetical examples. I was just challenging /u/DominOss 's assertion that he wouldn't buy a phone with a single feature he finds lacking.
Delusion? He wasn't deluding himself that she would be there. He took a trip to Paris, not for the first time and presumably not in a situation that would ruin him financially. If she was there, incredible! If not, like the title says, at least he gets to go to Disneyland.
Alright, let's break this down. /u/IceBreak is saying that, for example, he wants a phone with iOS and a headphone jack, but he cares four times as much about the OS, so he would buy the iPhone 7. Then, /u/DominOss claims he will never buy a phone that he thinks will be sub-par to him. If he has the same preferences as /u/IceBreak , there will be *no* (new) phone available to him, because the lack of either iOS or a headphone jack makes every phone "sub-par."
As soon as he contacts her beforehand, it goes from romanticism to a planned trip.
> it is "too bad that this country, so hardly got, should be destroyed by its own people."

What a great quote
Lost it in the crash, unfortunately
I love this! Took a couple hours and put it together in stud.io, [but...](http://i.imgur.com/WHZb5if.png)

I'm definitely going to try to get together what parts I can for this. Great design, lots of cool techniques!
> Except those are not boolean choices. I can not like 20 things about the iPhone but if it does 5 things that are ultimately more important to me then that's the phone for me.    

.

> That's why I don't agree to buy a phone that I think will be sub-par for me

You're essentially claiming that there is *nothing* you would choose to change with whatever your phone is now. 
Wait a second. Did I miss an episode? Why don't I remember any of this?
Absolutely awesome, seconding the request for instructions
Wait, how else are they tied?
I've been looking forward to the 16th for weeks

I might have to take a trip for observational purposes
Man, how many people on this subreddit like us are Tigers fans to this day because we were 9 years old in 06?

Who's even left from that starting lineup? We've lost Casey, Pudge, Inge, Maggs, Granderson, Polanco, Thames... JV is like the nail in the coffin for my childhood.
Same. Hard to think of a better year than '06 to be a 9 year old Tigers fan
This is the saddest comment I've read today. I don't know how I'd feel if I read this 10 years ago
You played against a C'Thun druid in this week's tavern brawl? Either that guy didn't understand the brawl or you're talking about something else.
Disclaimer: does not apply to Angel's Landing
Gender swapping, if you weren't aware
These days he goes by Bloke Wahlberg
It was a joke graph created from funny raw data
Until you WIN a round? That sounds punishing. We typically don't goof around unless it's the first round or we're up two
Personally I'd never say something like this to a stranger, but I'd make these jokes around my friends all the time
Got a code?
The green Nevermore skin with golden guns is second to none
Paragon is one of the few non-legendary skins I wear by choice
My friend and I have been picking double sniper first round in 3v3 just about every match we play, and I've been noticing others doing the same. Personally it's just because we don't play snipers in normal games, so it's fun and we need the practice
Do you not run Huntresses?
Thanks for reminding me that I'll never be able to see the White Stripes live
Are you shortening "script kiddie" to "skid"? I'm pretty sure that word has a prior meaning
Thank you for this, I'm going to save it
You'll live
He didn't! Unless you're talking about me, the Junkrat
https://gfycat.com/HospitableWindingAsiaticwildass

My favorite play, soon after the game came out
In addition to those already mentioned, I see:

Cockpit from 7256

Cockpit from 7146, 4479 or 7150

Most of 7626, assembled

Transparent wheel from 7670

Top right corner, assembly with the black curved pieces is from 7672

Black curved piece below it and the green flipper are from 7691

Assembly next to the green flipper is the middle of 7260

Blue and gray poseable arms and legs and blue torso are from 8790 (I had this one!)

Green, gray and red poseable arms and green torso are from 8772

Long brown wedge with detail is from 4478

Sheriff window is from 6755 or 6764

Yellow feet at the top are from 4789 or 4794

Many of the yellow pieces are from 7775

The guy with the turban is the Series 13 Snake Charmer
Wow, you nearly nailed it. Well done
Fewer, my lord
A dev also strongly hinted at Mercy changes in the Q and A with Seagull yesterday
Calm down, botterino
How much did their piece counts vary?



Set| Original pcs.| Rerelease pcs.| % difference
---|---|----|----
Death Star| 3803| 4016| 105%
Snowspeeder| 1457| 1703| 117%
Sandcrawler| 1669| 3296| 197%
MF| 5195| 7541| 145%

I mean, it's plausible, but the Sandcrawler was an upgrade from a [mostly-brick construction](http://i.imgur.com/YzwRDUL.png) to a [drastically different modern design
](http://i.imgur.com/9iseIlJ.png), so that explains the nearly double piece count. The Falcon leak on the other hand is very similar to the design of the original- it would have to be very different under the hood.
I very much doubt this leak is real, since the measurements are identical.
Curious, what makes you say this? Isn't it more interesting to know how frequently people travel with the console?
Second the idea of making these into tokens that are generated by a Legendary of some sort
Would you mind adding codes? Anyone looking at this post would probably appreciate it

I would guess that type of system is what JayTears meant
Mind sharing the code for your list?
Anyone got a good Hand/Control warlock deck?
This makes me want to start making plans to get to Antarctica in 4 years.
Where did this come from? Would love a source
I think you probably misinterpreted something. Salmon run always goes beyond 100 at profreshional if you keep winning.
Budget: $40    
Source: Mainly LG V10, occasionally PC and Nintendo Switch    
Isolation: Less would be preferred    
Preferred Type: In-ear    
Preferred Tonal Balance: Not important    
Past Headphones: Lots of Apple Earpods, anything cheap or included free    
Preferred Music: Rock    
Most important is durability. I've had too many pairs die because the connection gets loose/frayed either on the jack or in the wire connecting to the jack. Anything durable in these areas and affordable would be amazing.
Would you be able to make an uber-minimal one? I'm thinking an all-gray, maybe moderately stealth-textured background with just the silhouette of her face under the hood and her eyes glowing. 
Definitely not a coincidence at all
God, that's never happened to me but I can sympathize so much. In the future, if you're on a phone, try long-pressing the picture itself and sharing that
I play more Hunter than every other class combined, and I'd like to share my favorite standard and wild decks for hunter in KFT.

### J4ckie Queststalker
# Class: Hunter
# Format: Standard
# Year of the Mammoth
#
# 1x (1) Abusive Sergeant
# 2x (1) Acherus Veteran
# 2x (1) Alleycat
# 2x (1) Argent Squire
# 2x (1) Bloodsail Corsair
# 2x (1) Fire Fly
# 2x (1) Hunter's Mark
# 2x (1) Jeweled Macaw
# 1x (1) Patches the Pirate
# 1x (1) The Marsh Queen
# 2x (1) Tracking
# 1x (2) Prince Keleseth
# 2x (3) Igneous Elemental
# 2x (3) Tar Creeper
# 1x (4) Arfus
# 2x (5) Tol'vir Warden
# 2x (5) Tundra Rhino
# 1x (6) Deathstalker Rexxar
# 
AAECAR8G8gGRvAKYwwKG0wKc4gK24gIMjQG7BfUF5QeXCOq7AuvCAonDAorDAsrDAsbHApXOAgA=
# 
# To use this deck, copy it to your clipboard and create a new deck in Hearthstone

This is J4ckiechan's quest/DK deck. I subbed in Arfus instead of the 4-drop Prince, because I haven't opened that prince yet. This deck is a lot of fun - the quest goes off consistently and Deathstalker Rexxar gives a lot of staying power. I actually pull off the Tundra Rhino combo in more than half the games I finish the quest in.

### RENOVATE
# Class: Hunter
# Format: Wild
#
# 1x (1) Hunter's Mark
# 1x (1) Jeweled Macaw
# 1x (1) Play Dead
# 1x (2) Cat Trick
# 1x (2) Crackling Razormaw
# 1x (2) Explosive Trap
# 1x (2) Freezing Trap
# 1x (2) Grievous Bite
# 1x (2) Kindly Grandmother
# 1x (2) King's Elekk
# 1x (2) Loot Hoarder
# 1x (2) Mad Scientist
# 1x (2) Quick Shot
# 1x (3) Animal Companion
# 1x (3) Deadly Shot
# 1x (3) Eaglehorn Bow
# 1x (3) Kill Command
# 1x (3) Rat Pack
# 1x (3) Shaky Zipgunner
# 1x (4) Barnes
# 1x (4) Infested Wolf
# 1x (4) Piloted Shredder
# 1x (5) Azure Drake
# 1x (5) Corpse Widow
# 1x (5) Sludge Belcher
# 1x (6) Deathstalker Rexxar
# 1x (6) Reno Jackson
# 1x (6) Savannah Highmane
# 1x (6) Sylvanas Windrunner
# 1x (10) N'Zoth, the Corruptor
# 
AAEBAR8ejQH7AagCtQOHBMkEuQbFCO0J/gy5DfcNgQ6QENQRyxTDFuCsAs6uAvixArm0AoW4Auy7Aum9AobDAonDAo7DApzNAsbOAobTAgAA
# 
# To use this deck, copy it to your clipboard and create a new deck in Hearthstone

Wild Reno hunter - Pretty straightforward. Regularly beats any deck in Wild.


So who's still in the White House that was there in January, other than the Trumps and Pence?
You should stay tuned for the upcoming Trump rally in DC which coincides with a Juggalo convention
In that case I recommend Bigass Priest

### BIGASS
# Class: Priest
# Format: Standard
# Year of the Mammoth
#
# 2x (0) Forbidden Shaping
# 1x (0) Silence
# 2x (1) Pint-Size Potion
# 2x (1) Potion of Madness
# 2x (2) Shadow Visions
# 2x (2) Shadow Word: Pain
# 2x (3) Shadow Word: Death
# 1x (4) Barnes
# 2x (4) Eternal Servitude
# 1x (4) Greater Healing Potion
# 2x (4) Shadow Word: Horror
# 2x (6) Dragonfire Potion
# 2x (6) Shadow Essence
# 1x (8) Free From Amber
# 1x (8) Shadowreaper Anduin
# 1x (8) The Lich King
# 2x (9) Obsidian Statue
# 1x (9) Ysera
# 1x (10) Y'Shaarj, Rage Unbound
#
AAECAa0GCKUJhbgCt7sCmcgCkNMCws4CogmoqwILoqwC6L8CtbsC0cEC1wrTCuXMAqGsAuq/ArTOAubMAgA=
#
# To use this deck, copy it to your clipboard and create a new deck in Hearthstone
# Generated by HDT - https://hsdecktracker.net
"no opinion/not sure" is always the third option in these polls
"no opinion/not sure" is always the third option in these polls
For one thing, he fits into the same mana slot as Prince Valanar. For another, though, he's my favorite neutral card of this expansion and I love playing him in general.
On the off chance you have the Hunter quest from Un'Goro and you're looking for even *more* fun, check out J4CKIECHAN's Queststalker deck. Most fun I've had with Hunter in a while, and I play a LOT of Hunter.

Note that his original list has Prince Valanar instead of Arfus, but I subbed Arfus because I don't have that Prince.

### J4ckie Queststalker
# Class: Hunter
# Format: Standard
# Year of the Mammoth
#
# 1x (1) Abusive Sergeant
# 2x (1) Acherus Veteran
# 2x (1) Alleycat
# 2x (1) Argent Squire
# 2x (1) Bloodsail Corsair
# 2x (1) Fire Fly
# 2x (1) Hunter's Mark
# 2x (1) Jeweled Macaw
# 1x (1) Patches the Pirate
# 1x (1) The Marsh Queen
# 2x (1) Tracking
# 1x (2) Prince Keleseth
# 2x (3) Igneous Elemental
# 2x (3) Tar Creeper
# 1x (4) Arfus
# 2x (5) Tol'vir Warden
# 2x (5) Tundra Rhino
# 1x (6) Deathstalker Rexxar
# 
AAECAR8G8gGRvAKYwwKG0wKc4gK24gIMjQG7BfUF5QeXCOq7AuvCAonDAorDAsrDAsbHApXOAgA=
# 
# To use this deck, copy it to your clipboard and create a new deck in Hearthstone

"They'll" never be curious again? Try *no one*
What? No it isn't. What makes you say that?
It's a false equivalency. Look up "whataboutism"
I like it! Is there any chance you could make the original gif, but with small dots instead of circles so you can see the yellow lines between them?
Gotta keep that population under control
That's awesome, thanks
Amazon sells a pack of tiny micro to C adapters on keychains, you should check them out
Have you actually been having success with marsh queen?
I think you mean wet ass fellatio

whoa
Hey, I'm not the only one!
Have you read "The Man Who Loved Only Numbers"? It's a Paul Erdös biography, but goes into detail into tons of mathematicians' lives. Highly recommend if you have the slightest interest in math
Sweet, thanks!
To clarify, these were around 7:30 EST, where he is
Man, this is cool. Inspiration

You can pay a snail to Murch to either add a slot to a 1 or 2 slot piece of gear or reroll filled slots on a piece of gear.
Dang, thought you meant the whole page was about this
I think I need a link to this page
Wow, what was the first game that had this? Is it actually useful?
Sorry to dig this comment up from a month ago, but what exactly do you mean by this?
Wow, that's really cool
Yep, this is exactly how it works.
Is this not just "batman cosplay"?
Thanks, found it after I made that comment and been loving it since
Not to mention that it would still be just as bad if you substituted "round of golf" with "hike in Glacier National Park." The kicker in the whole situation is the cost of flying out AF1 and accommodating the Secret Service.
I can still hear sound in both ears. Could that still be the problem?
Wait, are you suggesting that Coke hasn't built new production plants?
My family considered getting rid of our landline recently. Decided against it because landlines are a lot more reliable when a 911 operator needs to know location.
My only problem with the Gmail app is that it doesn't give me a "mark as read" option in notifications. What's the best email client that has this feature?
This happens to me so many times that I've considered printing out business cards explaining this
Great, thanks!
Cool, thanks. Do you have the spreadsheet, or just the image?
/r/therewasanattempt
Looks like you forgot the link
This seems to be removing about half the game audio, or something like that. It's much lower in volume and there are some sounds I just can't hear at all. Why would this be?
Have you looked into those fidget cubes? They're about 10 times more fidgetable than spinners
Poor kid never played tetris
>You're a Christian, yeah?

Wait a second, where did this come from?
Great, that should be perfect. Thanks
Interesting, what exactly does this do?
I'll try that, but why would the power strip matter? Currently, my computer is plugged into the strip that's built into my desk. Then, I have another power strip plugged into the desk strip (probably not recommended) and the Switch is plugged into that.
Exactly
Evolution at its finest. Why evolve better eyesight when you could just wear glasses more easily? 
^Yes, ^reddit, ^I ^know ^that's ^not ^how ^evolution ^works
I did, it's plugged into line in, not mic in.
By donate, do you mean to a museum?
Thanks, I'll consider this. You're right, it would probably be nice to have something that gives me more future options.
Thanks, I'll consider this.
Wow, that's exactly what I was picturing. How much did that run you in parts?
I've been doing this for the moment, but there's a pretty loud buzz from the console input.
I use both at the same time, of course
And by the time you were 12 you ran a 5 minute mile
[Except on Wikipedia](https://xkcd.com/739/)
Takes one to know one, friendo
There's a good reason for that. The German word is Wissenschaft. All the same root
Yeah, but nobody that doesn't smoke weed dresses like that
How do you target multiple?
>Another perspective against federal same sex marriage is that the federal government should have no control of any kind of marriage.

I'll grant you this point entirely. However: When was the last time you heard the Republican leadership cite *this* as the reason for their fervent anti-marriage equality position?
It's less Nintendo treating you like a child and more Nintendo recognizing that people are only going to want to play Salmon Run X% of the time. If it was always available, only X% of the player base would be online at one time, which would make quality matchmaking difficult. By restricting the schedule, they're trying to group everyone together, so that everyone's X% is simultaneous.
Choosing weapons in splatoon is analogous to choosing heroes in Overwatch
Yeah, about 10% into this story I would have gone for would you ***PLEASE*** let me finish before doing anything?
How do I cash in my rewards?
That's the concept of /r/boottoobig if you're from /r/all
I haven't seen a single charger yet, or anything other than blaster/slosher/squelcher/splattershot. What am I missing?
Yeah, I think luder was talking about CVS in particular
Cuils*
I'm a 20 year old dude from NJ, thinking about buying tickets last minute. How were you planning on making the trip?
What kind of signs should I look for in order to get a job like yours?
>He ran into a door and insisted it wasn't him.

 >Kevin regularly tried to cheat on assignments by knocking the pile over, grabbing one before I had picked them all up, and then writing it name on it wherever there was room.

My favorites
He's talking about state IDs, as in a card the state gives you in lieu of a driver's license.
Ride
I mean I'd put ketchup on a burnt steak too. Trump *orders* burnt steak and puts ketchup on it!
Awesome article, that'll keep me going for a while. Thanks!
Hey, me too! What are your favorites?
Decks of playing cards - I've gotten over 50 since I started about 10 years ago. No Bicycles, either - they're all unique in some way. 

Also, concert shirts - about 25 so far
You nailed me - I've listened to Baby Darling Doll Face Honey at least a hundred times
Is anyecdote pronounced like Synecdoche?
Patricide, actually
The autistic kids mentioned in the story are mentally sensitive, not biologically
That was almost as easy as Spot the Vegan
I think he was making a plot based pun
"Hi, I'm Captain America. It looks like you're suffering from clinical depression!"
~~#PuigNotMyFriend~~ #TrumpNotMyFriend
In the context of my comment, it doesn't make a difference
>Who wins? 

If the ratios are the same, Europeans win in terms of environmental health. In Europe: $4/gallon at 48 miles/gallon means you get 12 miles/dollar. If gas in America is $2/gallon, a car with 24 miles/gallon would also be getting 12 miles/dollar, thus Americans would be spending the same amount per mile but consuming twice as much fuel.
DJ Dementia sounds almost, but not quite, like a cool name
It's biggest with the Coachella crown of flowers filter
Yeah, what are the boxes in my garage *actually* filled with?
Damn, those are awesome. This is what the future looks like
The ending is just as good. People talk about the christening montage all the time, but the scene with the Don in his garden with his grandson is just beautiful
Tarantino does it frequently
My speed dial is 36, 34, 38 and 39 - Alt Nation (alternative), Lithium (90s grunge and alt), Ozzy's Boneyard and Hair Nation (hair metal). Alt Nation is what most of this thread is probably talking about; Feel It Still has topped its weekly top 18 countdown for 7 weeks in a row.
Man, that's nothing. [This](http://i.imgur.com/mjPygmu.jpg) is what you need. That thin second door opens with a light press of a button on the middle of the handle and swings open with no effort. Absolutely perfect for walking up with full hands.
I first heard about Baby Driver from a reddit post of the poster, then I saw a trailer for it in theaters and I believe one commercial on TV. I think your main problem is going on Facebook
Thank you so much, this is exactly what I was looking for! Can't wait to dive into these
As a filthy millennial, [this](https://youtu.be/mVKIva2KddY) is all I know of Aaron Carter, and I wouldn't have it any other way
What kind of work do you do? Are you in a factory, or are you some kind of contractor for small companies? Your job sounds like it's in manufacturing, but I can't really think of where exactly you would be working.
Nice post, I love the Narrows! Went for the first time this year, they didn't open the hike for the season until the last day we were in Zion, so it was the deepest it'll ever be. Can't wait to make it back and hopefully do the thru hike.

[My best pic](http://i.imgur.com/5vDMJGA.jpg)

Where is this?
Woo! 34, 36, 38 represent
In case you haven't already considered them; you should look into podcasts (if you like talking and variety) and SiriusXM satellite radio (if you like music)
Because I can't tell if you're joking - 

One-party consent vs. two-party (or all-party) consent are terms that apply to how many participants must consent to being recorded in order for a recording to be used as evidence.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telephone_recording_laws
Jersey is a one party consent state, it's legal
Off topic, just curious: what region are you from? Eliminating "to be" after "needs" is a regional type of thing I've noticed, but I haven't pinned down which region.
One of the best!
If only you'd started watching about 1 year and a week earlier - you could have seen Fleury trip over the boards! 

That's my first memory of Fleury. Too bad he had to go and tarnish it a year later
Thanks, but I was looking for more than just music.
Thanks, but I was interested in more than music.
Ooh, very interesting. Thanks.
>playsuit 

>romper

No, we do not use these words
The important point in the original problem is that the host *knows* where the car is, and always *knowingly* opens a door with a goat. This introduces bias.
Do I have any hope of seeing pit tickets drop below, say, $150? Even if I wait til doors?
Loose lips sink cheating methods
You must have some lazy teachers. All my multiple choice engineering and science tests were *very* well written.
What do you think of snipperclips overall?
Thank you so much!! Got one of the two that my local Target got this morning!
Hmm, there's another Arctic Monkeys song that does it. Can't think of it right now.
To expand on the explanation by that other guy, Hot Fuzz repeats a *lot* of tiny gags between the first half and second half.

In the first half, we hear "get a look at his arse!" over the walkie. In the second half, the rampage version of the joke is "get a look at his 'orse!"

I love this movie. Every time I watch it I get the urge to compile a list of these repeat jokes.
Christ, dude, you're severely overestimating the amount of annoyance this would cause. It's not like people are mailing them glitter bombs or something
>who realizes that swearing is allowed 

Swearing is allowed in my house too, but I'm still gonna kick you out if you call me a dumb cunt
Alright, I gotta say something. When people talk in these threads about holding the door, they're talking about opening the door and then stepping back and holding it so the other person can go first, right? 

The alternative is holding the door *behind* you so it doesn't close in someone's face. This is the norm for literally everyone where I live, but it's fairly uncommon to do the first way.
Must be weird when you become a parent. Just like that, you go from associating with people your age to people whose kids are your kid's age. If you're on either tail of the bell curve, there's got to be a lot you don't have in common with your peers.
My (college) sister has probably been talking to her high school friends in the same iMessage (iPhone) group chat for 3-4 years. My friends and I have a mix of Apple and Android, so we've been using our Facebook Messenger group for about 5 years.
This is one of the first things in this thread that's new to me. Mobile data is cheaper than calls and SMS outside the US? Here, voice minutes and SMS charges haven't been relevant for almost a decade, but my family of 4 pays $15 for every gigabyte we go over our collective 6GB monthly limit.
I'd counter and say that for anything that important, you should regardless of the unit be looking at it carefully. In that respect it's really not any harder to remember 32 degrees. The point your opponent is arguing over is everyday use, and I definitely agree that a 0-100 scale for comfortable temperatures is by far the easiest at a glance.
Love how the wood spells out "the zorya"
I phrase it in a punchier way: You understand it better, but it kills the frog.
I remember John Jay because a dude in my history class always called him John J. Rambo
What's your source for this confirmation?
Where and are there more?
Anyone know about the NJ/eastern PA/NYC area?
Can you explain what on earth you mean by "form a government" and "they are now part of our government"? Weren't they already part of your government because they held seats?
*He owns 3 pairs of footwear.*

*He has to buy shoes at 6E because his foot is wider at the toes.*

*If he had narrow feet, he would have 20 pairs of shoes.*

*He is... the most middlingly interesting man in the world.*
>Mr. O

>Washington 

>Really easy job [doing nothing] 

Guys, I found Obama's reddit account!
What makes you think Comey or the FBI are supposed to be some kind of arbitrator of right and wrong?
What do you hate about the state? We have everything here!
Sounds like you live right about where I do. I don't think people in my area know how good we have it.

Also gotta love that "hour into the city, hour and a half from Philly," haha. No other city will ever be the city
I like to think I'm self aware of when I'm a victim of the circlejerk, and personally, I legitimately find it hard to make it through Scott's Tots
Nah, I just chew a lot of gum and was wondering if it bothered people.
Planks on top, cobble on the sides, redstone on the bottom because that's where the power goes in, iron in the middle because there's nowhere else
Yeah, that much I understood. Does it bother you in any way in a social setting?
Have you ever tried setting up a timelapse or layered picture over the course of a day or night?
I don't think I want to see Hillary's E-navels, whatever they may be
Same as it ever was

Same as it ever was

Same as it

Ever was
Vargas has too much integrity to invoke the serious tag joke
>It turned out to be my girlfriend

Your girlfriend *at the time!*
What makes you think he doesn't have higher ambitions? Not trying to be contrarian, just really wondering what your reasoning is
Dang, you Tool fans were out in full force. I saw Royal Blood and kept my spot for Cage the Elephant, and I could barely get out of the crowd afterwards past the surge of ~~tools~~ Tool fans
I'm going to interpret his comment as "I wish Jim Johnson was the Democratic candidate in the general, but assuming Murphy is the candidate, I'll vote for him in the general"
It's useful data because in the previous strip she said she was pretty good at knowing when someone liked her, but then recognized her potential bias. Thus, she asked Clinton if he liked her in order to gain more data and eliminate bias.
Friction was the wrong word, but there would definitely be momentum lost, conservation of energy means you wouldn't be able to effortlessly flick one like usual and have it spin for a long time AND produce energy
I might suggest trying "I *could* write a thesis on uranus" instead
Obviously just couldn't think of the word omnibar
I'm guessing you were learning HTML in a different class than the one she was teaching?
That sounds silly. 

>you can't budget money you don't have

But I should be able to budget money for the future... With money I'll have in the future
Yeah, I could do it myself in Excel, I just didn't want to put in the work and manually pull my csv statement every month.
>*wha-law*
Your phone autocorrects fucking to f******?
Trump was checking off firsts before he even took office, and he hasn't stopped yet
There's more to the show than information, though. Some people liked the fly episode of Breaking Bad, some people hated it.
I don't think information density is a good reason to criticize an episode. If you found it boring and predictable, that's another thing, but personally I liked the episode.
Not a single part of his post mentions that
> Everything important could have been covered in like 15 minutes

I know, right? Why wasn't the episode just a 5 minute clip of Neil Gaiman telling us what the deal is with Laura?
> It serves as a high shutter speed

What serves as a high shutter speed other than, well, using a high shutter speed?
What the hell? What's reckless about *driving the speed limit*
My quick skim of the title came to the conclusion that it was about Delaware seceding due to the climate deal
I would argue that while interpreting the log is the *method* trackers use, it's not the purpose of the deck tracker. Deck trackers are just supposed to keep track of information that's shown to the player already.
Silicon Valley does this pretty well, I don't remember either Monica or the "woman engineer" (whatever her name was) having a shoehorned love interest - save for in season 3 when Ed Chen professes his love for Monica out of nowhere and the actual main characters are just like "...what"
For those curious, I believe Felix is an example of the ["utility monster"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utility_monster) criticism of utilitarianism.
This is the best line in Ghostbusters, and you can't convince me otherwise
Wormtongue? No, you're thinking of Wesley Crusher
They did make a day of it, once they found out http://i.imgur.com/TUdrbBl.png
http://i.imgur.com/TUdrbBl.png
Yep http://i.imgur.com/TUdrbBl.png
http://i.imgur.com/TUdrbBl.png

I had the same reaction this morning when I turned on Lithium, but it looks like Madison and the station genuinely didn't know (which is surprising, but w/e). Every time later today I've turned on the station, they've had something about him going on. Just recently they've been running a full interview with him, including performances.
This is the latest sign that the entire administration has all but given up on coming out of this alive. The biggest for me was a couple days ago after Trump's tweets threw McMaster and his staff under the bus. 

Later that day, the news about Comey's memos came out. Within half an hour, the White House statement was out, and it was nothing but a half-hearted denial. No hedging, no spin, just "no, those memos are fake." Didn't leave themselves any kind of way out, just flatly denied an easily proven statement. 

Now, the Don himself doesn't even bother denying anything, and has fallen back completely on "but libruls were bad too." They've all but given up the ghost. 
Tldr or link on hatch? 
>It really isn't as simple as "if you're a republican and you don't impeach Trump you're a traitor".  

Nothing you said convinced me of this. You convinced me that they're avoiding impeachment in order to not lose votes, but what the hell does that have to do with their duty to their country? 
Good. Regardless of its success, real action can't happen soon enough if you ask me. Let's get the words out in the open, start talking about this. I thought Schumer was building to it yesterday in his statement, but I was disappointed. 
That wasn't your parent's point; he's saying you can't rely on people hating Trump as enough to swing the midterms or 2020, we need to be active, not just outraged
Guy dances like the skids on Letterkenny 
That looks pretty good, but a bit on the expensive side. I'll keep it in mind, thanks
Are my options for shorts really as limited as it seems? I've just been wearing basketball shorts or cargo shorts, but I know those don't look good. I've tried on a couple pairs of chinos, but they just don't feel like they fit my style. Are there any good styles of basketball shorts or something? What are my options? 
But every one of us is unqualified

An idiot

A con artist 

A Russian agent

And some combination of all those things 

🎵 *Не забывай обо мне* 🎵
I

You lost me a bit
I mentally append "please" every time he says believe me
Would you rather be compared B99 to, say, a Caesar salad? 
I was relatively out of the loop in 08, how did Couric treat Palin? 
Can we see a pic? 
What deck would that be? I love hunter, always looking for new styles 
"How're ya now? "

"Good n'you? "

"Notsa bad"

The Letterkenny greeting 
I really need to visit Australia. I can't imagine what it's like where people talk so slangily that akka-dakka is commonly said
She's beautiful, and I know you're both glad to have each other! 
David can't be targeted with spells 
David can't be targeted with spells
Shadowverse is a mobile game, too. 

People still post decks on reddit. Essentially people link to their permanently saved decklist, which is on the Shadowverse website, and on the Shadowverse website you generate a code that will build the deck for you ingame. 
Probably because mid-game the mage is going to be way more wary of Noble Sac than Eye for an Eye and probably not have the mana to spare for a ping on the off chance it *is* Eye for an Eye
>PM me if you need interesting project ideas, I have a list. 

You fool! Don't you know ideas are 90% of the project? You can't just give those away for free! 

Kidding aside, that actually does sound interesting. Would you mind sending me a couple of this ideas for inspiration? 
That's bullshit. You're oversimplifying a complicated discussion to the point where it doesn't even make sense.
Andy Borowitz predicted this in an article in February

http://www.newyorker.com/humor/borowitz-report/trump-says-he-has-been-treated-very-unfairly-by-people-who-wrote-constitution
That's actually just showing that adblock has blocked 17 ads
If you don't have a flair, people can't respond to your trash talk at all.
Flair up, buddy
God damn, you guys are on the cutting edge. I'm gonna invest
I give you my thanks! I, too, feel this way
Alright, come on, dude. I've been playing Pictionary for years with my family, it happens at every holiday. I'm afraid there's something you need to accept. 

Your girlfriend sucks at Pictionary. 
Legislation, I'm thinking.
who hurt you
Yeah, unfortunately I'm restricted to a spur drive right now. 
Yup. That was by far the hardest part.

A) I didn't have the right size drill bit. Essentially, the 1/2" bit was just slightly too small, but the only bit I owned bigger than that was 3/4, way too big.

B) I didn't think about putting in the insert until after I'd turned the piece.

Once I had it turned and was ready to put in the insert, I decided to drill a test hole in a dowel to make sure I could drill a straight hole on the press and that the insert would fit. As I mentioned before this didn't work: it was impossible to cleanly screw in the insert, and trying to brute force it cracked the wood. 

After a lot more testing, I don't even remember how I really got it done cleanly. I drilled the hole on the drill press. I put in the insert using [this method](https://youtu.be/tIhEqoKE8Dc) with nuts and a bolt, on a handheld drill. It didn't make it in exactly straight, but it was close enough for a first try.
Grats to Rutgers! I picked them because I have friends there, awesome to see them actually take it!
I'd donate
I think I understand the reason for the reticle style. The game is so fast-paced that they don't want to give you too many things to focus on. The game would be quite a bit more difficult if you had to watch your character, your enemies, AND a free-floating cursor. The radius style means that once you're fluent enough with the game, all you have to do is aim relative to your character. I played for about 2 hours last night and it felt really good.
I'm enjoying it a lot! The hook movement adds a whole dimension and the game really flows.
It's on Netflix!
Just because nobody's pointed it out - you switched two letters in "udpates"
Did you buy the carbide tools in addition to steel tools, or were they your only tools when you started?

I don't think I'll go for the pen jaws, I don't have a ton of interest in pen making - at least not at the moment. Thanks for the other links, I'll be sure to check them out.

I actually do have a big bench lamp that I use over the lathe, it's just not in the picture. I do have to get a face shield, thanks. What exactly do you mean by scary sharp method? [This](http://primeshop.com/access/woodwork/scarysharp/) was the first result on google, but I'm not entirely sure what's going on there.
I have a grinder without a tool rest so I essentially freehanded off my turning rest, which went pretty well so I think I'll hold off on investing on sharpening for starters. Why do you have a couple of live centers? What types are there?

I actually took out my dad's grinder yesterday and had a go at it. I don't have an adjustable grinder tool rest, so I was mostly freehanding off my turning rest. I think it turned out pretty well and it was fairly fun, so I'll continue to do it that way for the time being
Man, I know you, where a game or activity is more desirable if it has a lower attention floor
You know in that movie War Dogs where they got majorly screwed because they sold the government millions of AK rounds that were made in China? That's what trying to sell a meme with a 9Gag watermark is like 
That's either an addiction racket or a tourism racket
Please don't take away our cupholders
Anyone else read "videogame" as though it rhymed with "monogamy"? 
I believe his opponent literally picked windfury so quickly that its card was never shown to senf
My favorite card that I haven't seen talked about is Volatile Elemental. I played a quest priest deck in the early days of the expansion, and this was one of my favorite parts of it. Guaranteed minion damage is fantastic in priest, and it was a pretty good pull from N'Zoth as far as trading on the turn afterwards.

Unfortunately, it's either the strength of the deck in general or my lack of deckbuilding prowess that caused me to stop playing it. I definitely expect a deck from some class to end up playing Volatile Elementals, whether it's this expansion or the next.
Is it possible in any way to argue that it's more braindead than the great wall o' forced archetype?
This was a constructed game, so his opponent actually did have a choice between IKAG and slam
Well, usually doesn't, then. That's an interesting interaction to test
No, it shouldn't. Playing soul of the forest doesn't summon any minions that have deathrattle
Thanks, that's exactly what I had in mind!
Great moment. Anyone know the meaning of 26?
The custom card that this thread is about gives you all three adaptations for every stage.
Nah, the timing works with the Olympics stuff. 
Oh man, that would be a rush. Dropping Freya and 1 mana Adaptation on it, then praying you get stealth. Especially because if you have both adaptations, you have to hope you either get stealth or NOT elusive so you can try the second
The is the classiest way of saying "hue hue but look at your username" I've ever seen, congrats
Let's be clear: I don't think the majority were bots. What *did* happen was people wrote scripts to place pixels in the appropriate shape, then distributed those scripts to the people who wanted to make that shape.
Thanks!
Good to run in Quest Pally probably. 5 mana for 2 SHR and a 4/7 taunt. 
Haven't seen Handlock mentioned. This seems like a good card for Handlock, at least pushes it a little further from struggling
I wouldn't say that. Win-more cards are cards that win you the game if you have 4 minions on the board and 5 cards by turn 15 (for example). This card is more like as long as you have tempo going into turn 5, it should overwhelm your opponent. 
One thing I haven't seen mentioned: *Double* Barnes synergy. Barnes summoning Spiritsinger: Extra deathrattle. Spiritsinger on board, play Barnes: Your deathrattle gets triggered. 
Actually, you can't attack your opponent or opponent's minions in this brawl, Blizzard at least put in some effort haha
Jeez, didn't have to be so condescending 
Or Living Roots, or at any point in the first 4 turns
Probably good in Beast/Egg Druid, maybe some hunter decks? Also playable on curve after a turn 1 Pirate, Alleycat, or [[Lost in the Jungle]]
Wouldn't this mean that he ties it too short, so the small end becomes too long?

Edit: [Found it. ](http://i.imgur.com/OyOGPXS.png) He ties it too long, which leaves the small end too short to reach the designed loop. 
If you post here and someone else you know sees it, it probably means they're here for the same reason you are, or at least were at some point. I'd say just go for it, if anything use a throwaway account so that your real face isn't linked to any other online info
You may be interested in the game [Nertz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nertz). Actually, it's probably pretty similar to whatever game you were playing
Also Ryan Reynolds as "...but why?" 
Here's the vod timestamp for the reveal

https://www.twitch.tv/videos/130838245?t=54m50s

And Queen Carnassa being played:

https://www.twitch.tv/videos/130838245?t=58m59s

@nostalgia37
http://imgur.com/a/91zty
I figure I could just as well haggle this guy down, it looks like a pretty decent lathe
Alright, I have to ask: What's the deal with that single-tiny-tuft-of-hair thing that always shows up in anime or cartoons? I can't say I've ever seen a haircut that looks remotely like that in real life.
I'd love a shitty and overdramatized watercolor of the grisly scene found in [this guy's garage](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/60non9/law_enforcers_of_reddit_what_is_the_craziest/df88196/)
Here's a clue: Earlessness and deathfulness are independent qualities 
You may have wasted your time, but at least you have a thin waste 
/r/2007scape
She wasn't even invisible, I heard the teleport noise
I know, right? I'm a sucker for the bird theme. 
Not luck- just good headphones and hundreds of hours 
Please tell me I'm not the only one who gets upset when people in clips don't reload after such a long time
survivor main btw
>once upon a time

Is this what my parents feel like when I question the use of a phone book? Why do I feel older on Reddit than I do in real life? 
As in, drain it of air and then turn it back on? Or is there something more? 
That wouldn't be solved by just about anything. No matter what system you use, you're just as likely to land between two drill sizes.
Ha! In my very first game, I tried placing the turrets, and LITERALLY the entire team went through a side exit. I'm either too obvious or just unlucky. 
I do have one question you never mentioned- what do you do about people looking through the spawn windows? 
Great video. You made some good points I hadn't thought of, and you narrated very well. 
The genders line slayed me
That is seriously awesome. You've piqued my interest, this is going on the list.

What else have you made with this method?
I'm imagining that this kid really loves his typewriter and finds a way to wrangle every topic into just writing on a typewriter
This is...terrifying, somehow. How aware was she of the problem? Did she think everything was hunky dory, or was she ashamed and trying to keep it under wraps? 
Tobias got pretty lucky, huh
This is unbelievable in N'Zoth Priest 
Why would printing presses not have a thorn in the first place?
Oh, that's real funny. MICHAEL! 
>Komota clip

>URL: GorgeousHumanOSkomodo

Confirmed predestination
Actually, I didn't know there was such a thing as split electoral votes. I can't think of a good compromise off the top of my head, literally splitting each cell proportionately seems like like a prohibitive amount of work.

On the second point, I believe the D/R notation *is* entirely superfluous. If the viz is just rows of letters, it becomes pretty much just a chart, not a visualization.

In any case, I'd still be interested in looking at a proportional chart, despite the technicality!
Hi, great viz! Would it be possible to widen the bar of each state in proportion to its electoral votes? I think this would make it easier to tell how close some elections are - as is, 2016 for example looks like a Republican landslide.
http://i.imgur.com/nTxrJts.png
http://i.imgur.com/nTxrJts.png
My parents recognized this phenomenon when I was a kid. I loved to read from an early age, and my dad specifically told my teachers not to draw attention to it. 

What kills me is that they didn't recognize it in any other areas. I experienced the teasing over crushes and a lot of other things people in this thread are saying
We need a control - someone create that GIF from OP's mom to a randomly sampled person
>we didn't win 

But your friends did 
Which money are you referring to? 
And apparently both agreed that Tom Brady would look great with it 
[Hotform did the same thing a couple weeks ago](https://clips.twitch.tv/hotform/DeadFlamingoMingLee)
What, you've never seen "Alternatively Her"?
I was familiar with the idea behind Quintin's post, but yours turned on an even brighter lightbulb. Thanks!
How dare you speak that way about my maw
Since January I've been waiting for the words "secret plan" to slip out of Sean Spicer's mouth 
Wasn't that the stream when he made an election-themed warlock deck, with cards like DOOM! and dark bargain?
>POS smashes POS
How does Aunt Marge respond when you ask what color black socks are?
fierywar.exe
Maybe appropriate for this kind of thread- I dislike Postmodern Jukebox an inordinate amount.
>we may win but I may die 

Otherwise known as Lions Corner 
Because when a radical Muslim commits an act of terrorism, these people see it as representative of the entire Islamic faith. Therefore, the phrase "radical Christian terrorism" doesn't make sense to them, because they think "wait, but I'm Christian and I'm not a terrorist!"
Didn't Family Guy make Karl Rove, Bannon's analogue in the Bush admin, look exactly the same? Anyway, I think they should make him look like the real Bannon. 
If any Hearthstone play could ever be described as bullshit, it's this one.
Cry it in the streets - SIAB is back! 
My mom can never go back to Amarillo, Texas (We're from the east coast).

 When she was in college, she and her friends took a road trip to go see the Rose Bowl. They agreed to split the cost of any speeding tickets, so that every driver could speed indiscriminately. While speeding near Amarillo, she got a ticket, and they didn't pay her- so she still has an outstanding ticket. 

Edit: Christ, people. This was decades from now, and she will likely never have a reason to even be in Texas. It's just an amusing anecdote she tells a lot
Damn, there's nothing new under the sun. I was just thinking last week that I'd get a line on my wrist 1' from my elbow, and fractions of an inch on my index finger. 
It was Shifter Zerus
God damn it you got me 
Me too! I think I have one from Alpha Team, one from the Slave I, and one from the dinosaur series. 
Head of cyber ~~Giuliani~~ Barron
um excuse me streamer this post was a clear misplay
*Fun production
You lose a lot of leverage this way
>Nobody's perfect in their life every day. Just the reality of life. I've read some of your guys' articles. Some of them are really good and some of them aren't.

Blash throwin' straight shade
Looks like VR goggles with an insert for the Switch screen 
>source

ha
Like that tweet from the clown attacks

"so I'm confused... Are they real clowns or fake clowns?"

"what the fuck is a real clown"
The Quagmires are my favorites, and Ersatz Elevator is my favorite until we reach the Grim Grotto onwards, so I can't wait for next season!
Read the card, it's enemy characters only
What about trash? 
I have one from each medium. From the books: "...It was easier said than done, unlike the phrase '~~assisting Sisyphus’s self-sufficient sister~~systematically assisting Sisyphus's stealthy, cyst-susceptible sister,' which is easier done than said." 

In the show, it was in episode 7, when he talks about characters going into the woods and finding trouble.
Yes, I definitely think there's an allusion. I believe it was phrased in the books later as a schism between "those stopping fires, and those stopping them" or something to that effect 
The line "Call me Ish" in 13 is a Moby Dick reference too, of course 
Yup, "had had" is another valid double word
Can't say I disagree with you 
Did you just use "which's" instead of whose? 
Same. I'm better at certain verses than others though. The other night I dreamt of knives, continental drift divide, mountains sit in a line, LEONARD BERNSTEIN, Leonid Brezhnev, Lenny Bruce and Lester Bangs, birthday party, cheesecake, jelly bean, boom. Symbiotic, patriotic, slam book neck, right? Right. 
Teaching it as "opposite b" rather than "negative b" catches all the kids who would think "negative b? B is -4, so that's already negative, we're good there." 

I agree though, it's weird
It's easier than that; you can just print "your other Beasts have taunt", just like Timber Wolf etc. 
I'm fairly sure the books listed as in Justice Strauss' library are similarly relevant in the novels
In my squad's case, question 1 was "how many," and question 2 was "how long can each person be forced to stay in the stands and pay attention"
There's a big difference between pronouncing the N word with or without a hard R
/u/Squalor- hasn't posted in a year
I'm hoping against hope that yours was on purpose
I love how at this point, probably less than half of the people in this thread have seen /u/squalor- 's comments that you're parodying
Wait a second

YouTube is ten years old
Die Hard R

A German/American film about subtle racism implied through pronunciation 
Anyone who likes Muse but hates Madness has probably heard it a few too many times, watching a live performance like this is a great way to reappreciate what's great about the song
You absolutely should, they're one of three bands that I never want to miss a tour of.
Hey man, are you me? Saw them at the Meadowlands before U2, then at IZOD for 2nd Law, and in Brooklyn for Drones
Wow, that was better and more concise than I tend to expect from Family Guy
>In a footnote to this article Wallace wrote "That such a moth exists in Madagascar may be safely predicted; and naturalists who visit that island should search for it with as much confidence as astronomers searched for the planet Neptune,--and they will be equally successful!"

Man, what a great quote
You should check out the app Prisma for Android
Did you mention that you can handle nails? Or, maybe, consider that ease of use *is* a valid criteria, no matter your gender? 
In your story, the man may have asked you in the first place what kind of project you were doing because he was being sexism, or he may have asked because his store instructs all employees to ask the question in order to sell as many components as possible. 

If it was because he's sexist, though, you're both at fault. Sexism is wrong, of course. But once the sexism occurs, you have just as much responsibility to yourself to fix the situation. As a teenage boy, I had similar experiences at hardware (and other types of)  stores. At a certain point I had to start just taking control of the situation and getting what I want. 
Not in Druid, though 
I like it! Sounds like a contemplative Jack Johnson
(From a listener, non-player perspective)

I think it would sound better with some more definition - that's what the style of the riff sounds like it needs IMHO
Hey man, I'll join your support group. 
Whoa. You sold me
Nope, I haven't seen a hook icon yet. I also haven't gotten a kill just from hook damage, so it's still probable.
F
Ba



gowtch
I almost choked on my sandwich at "mana soaked gerbil" 
The name of the main character isn't the most iconic part of 1984
... But you *did* tap first
You just had to go and start a nerd fight 
What's up, username bro?
I've given up all hope. The Wings aren't allowed to have a winning record until February 5, when the Lions are done sapping their life force. 
Oh man, the coffee table is pure awesome. My regards to the craftsman! 
Wow, the jersey looks great! Beautiful dog! 
Since the Lions are sapping the Wings' life force this year, here's my [new Stafford jersey](https://imgur.com/gallery/3ASKL) with my old Wings wall!
Have you tried tundra rhino? Grandmother, rat pack and Highmane make it more than worthwhile 
>will there be more BLT heroes 
The casting director said on the phone that she tried Mia's phone but didn't get an answer. Given Mia's state of mind in Nevada, I wouldn't be surprised if she ignored any calls from CA. 
Man, regulars were the best. I used to work in a Dunkin, at least a third of the people I'd see in my shift were people I'd seen before
Could do without the hashtag, but I'm a big fan of [this one](http://imgc.allpostersimages.com/images/P-473-488-90/95/9572/Y192500Z/posters/suicide-squad-sugar-skulls.jpg) 
*Fitz and the Tantrums 
Dragons, like wagons, have tongues. 

Dragons, like flagons, have necks.

But while two hold beer, the other eats deer!
No, you're right, it's a box.

Thanks for that

Is this an actual transcript 
Do you drink 2 sips in time of peace? 
Unjerk for a second 

The first one actually works: if you play dispatch kodo with Leokk, Dire Wolf or Timber Wolf on the board, it deals 3 damage. 
Lmao thanks, didn't pay attention to the beginning 
Can't watch with audio so I think I'm missing something, what's the misplay? 
The other two hogriders work the same way: gain charge if opponent has no cards/more than 6 cards
>to gain the upper hand in ~~the streets~~ the meta
What sort of shell are you putting Jade Rogue in that's making it so successful?
Check the [[Murloc Warleader]] text again. It was recently changed, as were all Murloc buffs like it, to no longer be symmetrical.
This isn't a youtube video, Twitch clips have a time limit
Last turn, Misdirection didn't trigger on just Violet Illusionist because the priest was no longer a valid target. Toast accurately predicted that if he didn't play a minion, the priest's minions were guaranteed to hit each other because they were the only targets. SCIENCE!

Clip of the discovery: https://clips.twitch.tv/disguisedtoasths/SleepyCattleArsonNoSexy
DO YOU LIKE TO PLAY WITH FIRE?
Seems like a fun event, I'm interested!
Me too! I'm expecting a sort of one-two punch sort of thing 
Mang, I ain't playing goon hunter just to slot a couple new cards into an old list!
For the lazy:

>Not a good basis for a system of government.
Kool-aid, 2017 edition: Now with 39% of your recommended daily value of Stafford
Where are you fitting Pack Rat into midrange hunter? You may get the same number of tokens as Infested Wolf, but the 2/2 body is way worse in the mana slot.
I agree, the secret isn't great. I'm going to hesitate to discount any of the other buffs, though. I have a hunch they'll be pretty good, because they seem to improve your future turns in a general way without requiring 100% synergy.
My thoughts exactly. The only problem is that you have to wait a turn to get value, but if his text read "whenever this minion deals damage" it would be downright broken. I'm excited, I hope I open him
So if you're playing goon hunter, your buff options are the 1 mana spell, the secret, Trogg Beastrager, Zipgunner and Smuggler. If you really wanted to, that's 10 buff cards you could run. I doubt every one of those will make it in, and I think there's just as much of an argument for Smuggler and/or Zipgunner as there is for the secret or the spell.

Since the secret package probably won't fit in this deck, I can see maybe 2x spell, 2x beastrager, 4-5x of (Zipgunner, Smuggler, Companion, Rat Pack). I think I'd be okay with cutting Eaglehorn due to the exclusion of secrets. It was only a sometimes-add in midrange hunter pre-karazhan, and I think this deck is going to be closest to a midrange style.
As a primarily hunter player, I'm excited that Hunter is getting a potentially competitive non-secret deck. There are so many goon cards that could be viable. One card I haven't seen people discussing is Knuckles, the legendary. I think he fits in the five slot just fine even if he doesn't get hit by any buffs.
One of my struggles in trying to put together goon hunter is the 3-mana slot. Zipgunner, Grimestreet Smuggler and Rat Pack all cost 3, and I really wanted to put in Forlorn Stalker because Pack and Zipgunner are deathrattle- but it also costs 3. It's going to take some testing, I really don't know which of them are viable.
I don't know, man, I'm excited to try it out.
I could definitely see Weasel being a good 1-drop for goon hunter. Replaces secret keeper because there's no more room for secrets, gets buffed by all of hunter's goon cards, messes with your opponent's draw, etc.
Weird. [Here they are](http://i.imgur.com/LzcopE4.png), in case you're interested
Weird, what browser?
I understand the difference, but I think as long as you aren't applying some kind of real analysis, it's fine to use it as a blanket "controversial" filter.
http://i.imgur.com/8QpyPbl.png

Click here, should send you into temporary filter mode
Awesome, thanks for providing the raw data! Seems like the most controversial are [[Unlicensed Apothecary]], [[Weasel Tunneler]], ~~Shadow Rager~~ and [[Patches the Pirate]]. Personally, I'm unconvinced of the power of the Apothecary, Weasel seems unimpressive but good, and Patches seems like an autoinclude in Pirate that will pretty much just be consistently decent.
You can go to the Excel sheet and sort by the standard deviation to see the most controversial
[Comment from that thread](http://i.imgur.com/5VBIxD3.png)
Why not give the music a chance if you liked it, rather than be disgusted with yourself for no reason? 
I think you meant Barnes, not Brann
...horribly
That's an easy generalization to make from this perspective. I don't believe every golem card will make the cut, you have to make room for the cards that make the rest of your deck do something.
Yeah, it's great. I play a ton of Hunter, and this is basically Grandmother squared. You can also choose to leave it on board without breaking its stealth until later in the game when you can pop it for a bigger golem.
Aya Blackpaw (not goya) - Battlecry, Deathrattle, N'Zoth deathrattle - 3

2x Shurikens - 2

2x Jade Wanderer - Deathrattles, N'Zoth Deathrattles - 4

The only question is going to be whether you're going to want *all* of the Golem cards, like the 4 mana 2/3 battlecry. I have a hunch that, like C'Thun minions, you're going to eventually want to shave it down to the minions that are the most efficient/work best with your deck. I think Unearthed Raptor works better for this deck than the 4 mana 2/3s because it also has synergy with whatever else you want to run for N'Zoth.
Fantastic with N'Zoth - I think this card means N'Zoth is going to be Rogue's only Jade Golem deck. With 2 copies of the spell, 2 of these, and Arya, you've got 9 golem summons already, and probably a couple more cards we haven't seen yet. 

Edit: Aya Blackpaw - Battlecry, Deathrattle, N'Zoth deathrattle - 3

2x Shurikens - 2

2x Jade Wanderer - Deathrattles, N'Zoth Deathrattles - 4

The only question is going to be whether you're going to want *all* of the Golem cards, like the 4 mana 2/3 battlecry. I have a hunch that, like C'Thun minions, you're going to eventually want to shave it down to the minions that are the most efficient/work best with your deck. I think Unearthed Raptor works better for this deck than the 4 mana 2/3s because it also has synergy with whatever else you want to run for N'Zoth.
For a similar effect - BUT WITH SOUND - check out http://whitneymusicbox.org
I think you mean "Adolf's at Chile, g!" 
This is both one of my favorite videos on the internet and the only place I know of "lazy town" from
Is there a good way to play around cat trick? Best I can do is try to get lucky with missiles and flamewaker
Is it at all possible for tempo mage to beat secret hunter? Every single game I've played today has gone the same way: I remove their minions as well as I can with my draw, but every bit of damage they do sticks and I'm dead before turn 8.
How much did you pay this dude to suck your dick on reddit? SBones finlevEvil
Why not kill Mogor's with the drake afterwards?
"Man, people sure are complaining about Barnes. They probably hate that the minion summoned is only a 1/1!"

Really, though, I don't think this card will be very competitive. It should make for some great videos, though.
The cursor also looks different because I set it to look different, it's an option in Overwatch
Wait, what the fuck? I recorded this gif during the first month or so the game was out. Who does this with their time? 
[Here's a similar map for Europe](http://i.imgur.com/7TG5lTf.jpg)
You probably grabbed that first link before the image was done uploading, I've seen URLs like that before. Imgur is still the best image host
At the beginning of the clip, I was watching Kibler live and he went "Maybe if I had an Arcane Explosion in my deck..." just as the babbling book in the clip pulled Arcane Explosion
P A V E L S P O R T S

A

V

E

L

S

P

O

R

T

S
Max of 16, actually- if you go face with both, both hit for 8
...And how do they intend you to play it?
I must be missing this-what time in the video is it?
Did I just hear "Leechooch"?
even when you went to sleep you didn't go to sleep
Not sure if you were joking, but it's only playable by Priest, Mage and Warlock
[And you shall receive](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/5avseg/blink_and_youll_miss_it/d9ken5f/)
Thanks, friend

[Now at normal speed](https://gfycat.com/DarkUglyHypsilophodon)
My Netflix has everything
Reminds me of Seven Samurai -> Magnificent Seven -> Bug's Life
All these people, and nobody gives OP a hand? [Here you go](http://i.imgur.com/XUbAaee.png)
Why would it be a 2/3 for 3?
What merits this being overstatted by one? 
You should send a report to the meme curator's association
It's more a meme than it is advice to prospective warmongerers
And why did they wait until spring? 

Because you never invade Russia in the winter
All piercing attacks deal less damage for each enemy hit, so even if it did keep damaging them, it would deal less than 100 damage.
I really hope you have the exact body type to pull this off
Is that the race/character that the Galaxy Quest characters were based on?
I'm red-green too, I know how you feel. People get confused when I use red-blue scales in Excel
I'm color blind as well, and I can see a stark difference. That probably means you have it pretty extreme, most people can tell. And the guy above you was right, most people will be more impressed by the molten 
Valeera turn 4
Turn 5 abusive, cold blood cold blood
GG
That seems backwards. Shouldn't Luke have been the one not to know the line beforehand? 
I think you have it backwards- the games didn't just "go" to sudden death, neewha *took* them there by surviving vs. DPS
Hey, I edited the video, what kind of music do you think would have worked better? I didn't feel like the usual montage music would have worked as well for the support plays. Also, what do you think I should have done in regards to the cohesion? it would be weirder to show all of Lucie, all of Pearl, etc. than the way I did it.
Weird, it reappeared. It was definitely gone
IGN wingsfan24 be easy on me senpai
Title is danielsan
Man, I grew up with Doc and Eddie Olchuk(sp) calling every playoff game on Vs. 
What? M2 definitely doesn't proc counters, even without stun
Ay Daniel remind me about this tomorrow I got some stomps for you my friend
He's referring to when an injury ridden Wings team was replaced almost entitled by Griffins players
That's not true 
My hype train is off the rails - was that Nintendo insinuating they're going to support esports for Splatoon? 

in terms of the console, i love that the console itself has all those features AND they showed a SWITCH PRO CONTROLLER
I don't understand how someone could go to the trouble of obtaining all of this data, only to select all of it and hit "recommended chart" on a badly formatted excel sheet 
Tried that, turns out it was Overwolf
Thanks, that worked!
Interesting, I get it every time I restart.

Turns out Overwolf was the problem
that's just a draw 
This is the new way to duplicate cards for testing/tomfoolery:

Priest plays Brann+Mirror

Rogue plays Shadowstep 

Priest plays 2 mirrors, shadowsteps and replays both

Boom, priest gets 8 of whatever card Rogue plays 
LIVIN IN A **LONELY** WOORLD
That shift chart is awesome! Are there any more interesting data visualizations on the NHL website?


Do you have a good patron list by any chance?
>henrik.gif
Is there any wild deck that slays secret paladin? It's just about all I face

[Here's mine](https://gfycat.com/IndolentOrneryFlickertailsquirrel)
Holy crap, is it really that easy? 

I just tried on my LG V10, and the only options I get on long tap are Modify and Forget network. What am I missing?
LAAAAAST NIGHT

SHE SAID

BABYI FEEL **SO** DOWN
This is one of the things I would love to do for a living, but then I remember how much I rely on physical comforts and my computer
I vote Vanek be nicknamed "Chip"

I don't have Rivendare, so I replaced him with Moat Lurker. I've only played a few games so far, but he's worked out pretty well every time I've played him. Great deck though, thanks for the tips!
"His name was LAW........ YER."
I take frenzy as well; it allows you to take orb quickly if there are no enemies immediately threatening it, allowing you to stack m1 instead of using stacks on the orb. 
You obviously haven't seen The Other Guys
If you're interested in a huge game with lots of heroes and long games, see the other guy's comment. If you're more interested in the combat style, check out Battlerite. It's MOBA style characters, but the only goal is to kill the other team and games take less than 10 minutes. 
Or if you come to Jersey and call it "Joisey." Fuck off, we don't say that
I can't believe you didn't make a Rick Harrison joke when he says "you never know what's gonna come through that door" 
The only part of this I can't relate with is the terrible show on Netflix part, because Luke Cage is out. The rest, though, yeah that's me. 
If you want to hear the glorious sound that accompanied this event, look it up under wingsfan24 in the Odeum! 
Awl Cater
"you're in more dire need *of a blowjob* than any white man in history" 

Makes a bit more sense this way
Are your balls always bouncing, the left and to the right? 
Mangets
Hey, I've been loving the game so far, thanks! 

Are there plans for ranked seasons in BR?

Who's your favorite character in terms of flavor/visual design?
The difference is that since Blizzard controls the Elo system, they can cram the population of the game into whichever configuration they like. 
Generally with Ashka I take the space battlerite first round every time. It's the most reliable way to ignite; it's strong where M2 is weak. Instead of being rooted in place, you gain a bunch of extra mobility so you can hit your M1 ignite and then keep kiting with M1.
LOL, I was trying to be sarcastic but I didn't sell it... Whatever, I still baited out more fun facts
Ghirardelli brownie mix is the real mana from heaven 
I'm sorry, I'm just having trouble believing you're enthusiastic about astronomy 

Edit: Damn, I think I should have sold the joke better...I've seen Andromeda around reddit often enough to have no doubts about her astronomical astronomy enthusiasm
>traffic flow engineer in Germany

Your friend has my dream job
Yeah, but they have different effects 
>on break right now

Can you do floors when you get back?
Is that the Rocket League color picker? Nice
That means that 50% of the people at that data point intend to vote for Trump. 
...Yeah. Those are the same people, just with their votes for Romney plotted instead.
Do you understand the graph? If you look at just Trump's data points, there's one circle for every 0.1 on the x axis, and its radius corresponds to the number of respondents.
It suggests that the more you believe in conspiracies, the more likely you are to vote for Trump, with the opposite correlation for Romney. The real issue is the fact that they didn't show the strength of the correlation.
Yeah, I think it just comes down to length. Out of my group of friends, only 2 of our bnet names are 5 or fewer characters, and we both have 5 digits. 
Don't you mean Toijs? 
I don't actually know anybody that has crouch on the wheel. Personally, I have crouch on shift and melee on wheel. 
Also saving someone either pre- or post-hook
Awfully oriented? What does that even mean? 
I can't comment accurately on its balance, but I love the card! 
two please 
First they came for my shitposts, 
I'm definitely going to refer to it as a Nana-boost from now on
I wish I had anywhere near the sample size you do 
BURN^BURN^^BURN
Sirens of Titan is definitely my favorite. 
I'll do you one better: All of the above to make me, plus millions of man hours and decades of research to make my computer- and yet I'm sent into a rage because someone on my team decided he'd rather choose Japanese arrow man then Brazilian music man.
My favorite was when my friend and I tried to watch Legends of Tomorrow. Very first episode, they travel through time, and ~~Punmaster~~ Captain Cold goes (deep melodramatic voice) "*Time travel. Cool.*"
I've actually done the same thing as Junkrat

https://gfycat.com/HospitableWindingAsiaticwildass
Are golden weapons purchased on a per-hero or per-skin basis?
Sidechain, Wolfgang? 
That's funny, my band did the same thing. What's the other music from? 
Are you running Windows 10? If so, press Win+G while ingame and you can enter the game menu. There, you can set up both recording and clip recording, which I've found work flawlessly.
Loving the look of the mechanics in this game, can't wait to try it out! Anyone who has a key would be seriously appreciated. Thanks!
This site is legit I got a jersey for 10% off with code TEMPO and I was rank 100 legend after 1 week! 
Crowd gifs are always fun when you pick random people and watch them
But that's not my username...you're worshipping a false idol!
Religion doesn't have to be something you pick from a list. You can absolutely choose to live your life according to the teachings of Christopher Moore's Jesus
The beast should probably be 4/3 in keeping with Faerie Dragon
It's crazy good. Finally switched last night and got from 15 to 8 pretty easy
God, I hate Dave Franco. He's the best.
My favorite fun fact is that words which spell a different word backwards are called Emordnilaps, because palindrome is an emprdnilap for emordnilap. 
[Here you go.](http://imgur.com/a/CQUgE) Made by /u/p0m for /r/customhearthstone
Climbing back up to around 10 since the beginning of the season
Here's my list, which has been nearly 60% WR on ladder.

http://i.imgur.com/2MpLH0j.png

It's based on the one Reynad ended up with on his day 1 stream, but with moonfires and Malygos subbed out. I like it quite a bit, you can aggressively ramp for the first few turns, stabilize with the portals, and have a great lategame.
Entering my first tournament today (just college tryouts), how should I go about picking my decks? Should I just go with my highest winrates on ladder, or is the tournament meta vastly different even at the lowest level?

The decks I'm considering are ramp druid, hybrid hunter, OTK worgen, anyfin paladin and aggro shaman. Hybrid, ramp and aggro have my highest winrates, but I've seen a lot of anyfin in tournaments so I was wondering if it's a better choice for the format, which is Bo5 conquest no bans.

Any other tips for my first tournament would be appreciated. Thanks!
That's a good idea now that I think about it. Perfect for so many minions 
What archetype does "concede"  shaman describe? 
On the way I hear from the american people to their federal and I are going well with the same time when I get a chance of rain or something else if I could have been a long way. 
Great joke, love the punchline 
Please limit your posts to reposts of KenM
"It is possible to make no mistakes and lose. That is not failure; that is Yogg."

-Reynoodle
You're a troll, right? Just making sure
I can't even imagine what the meta will look like at that point
Where did you send the hounds? I think I would kill the raptors 1 at a time to check the drops. Any 2/1s die and 1/2s live. 
I think Barnes only wrecks your resurrect pool if you've been able to stay at 100% blademasters. If he pulls a 1/1 blademaster, you have a 50/50 to res a full blademaster from that one card. 
Hey Ya and Heyayayaya
Lots of mage decks without C'Thun run the sorcerer just for the spell power and body 
And the references go deeper
Yeah... but reversed
You know what I gave my dad for Christmas?! 
Astral Communion kappa
You posted Maly Rogue as Maly Druid in Tier 4
It's descriptive, not categorical. Nobody tries to divide groups of people into type A or type B, rather, if someone closely matches one of the descriptions, it's a shorthand way to describe them. 
Hi Mike, love your Netflix special and can't wait to see your movie! 

Which of the cast members was the most fun to work with? 

What's the best movie you've seen this year? 

Thanks! 
What song is this?
Choose 3 cards, or draw three cards, or discover a card? You can't choose randomly 
How about "Deal 1 damage to a minion, then give it +2 health"? 
A 10 mana 2 card twisting nether- that leaves a body behind. I think that makes it plenty viable 
Gibraltar deserves a couple more points for the blackboard 
What are the estimates for Nougat's arrival on LG?
How fresh are the veggies? They usually seem better to me than the stuff I get at restaurants, I'm guessing it's because of the turnover
Doesn't the heal come first? 
What are your favorite couple of lines from your ERB verses, and what was the ERB writing process like? How much did Peter and Lloyd collaborate with you? 
If they're selling, then there was no reason for them to not create this product 
What does this card have to do with [[Mad Scientist]]?
Nah, Hanlon's Razor.
"Do you play basketball?" 

No, do you play mini golf? 