He's effectively swapped Whitehat and Blackhat.
Ugh, we have that same model of Supemicro array at work. What a piece of junk that is.
Tomato ramen. 
Commence the wrist slapping!
"I've forgiven me!"
He's the sole candidate.
Fuck you.  Jesus fucking Christmas. At least put some effort in to your spamming. Fuck. You are awful.
Damn, is Pink Floyd touring again?
Café?
Tabernac!!!!
Bonito.
Damn.  I'm a Lower Mississippi River Valley flatlander and the Appalachians make me feel like I'm either gonna fall off of them, or they're gonna fall on me. To me 100 feet is a high hill.  I've been to the Grand Tetons and the Bear Tooth. It was... Not terrifying, but close. That and altitude sickness. Fucking mountains, man.  They gonna kill ya.

Edit: clarification.
"jus'tafuckya"
Now we are engaged in a great NCAA investigation, testing whether that school, or any school so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure the shoe companies' money. 
It's not my main machine, but it is one I tend to do a lot of password resets, attrib changes, etc, from. Lesson learned. 
You are a very patient man.
/r/Skookum
So now we add HIPAA violation to the Long List^(TM).
It was not there.  I installed the Server version and it's working now.  I don't know why MS wouldn't release the 1803 RSAT at the same time as the update.
Installing the Server RSAT worked. Thanks.
Hmm... I tried that and it acted like it installed, but the option is not in add/remove features.  
Kentucky is just wrong, and the Tennessee laws only apply to Memphis. 
That's Louisville.
Welcome to the Republican Party. Here's your gun, your bible, and some LibrulGuard^(TM) earplugs. 
SGs always have a slightly longer horn on top.
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/278/125/1d6.jpg
You missed the "actual" part of this subreddit. 
Bike lane!  Squish, just like grape.

Edit: Nobody got it. I'm old.
Ah, ok.  No idea. I'm on the opposite end of the state.
Tim Couch was your Rep?  I didn't even know he was in politics.
But you can get a special license plate!
I flew out of there in 2002/3 shortly after the major TSA bullshit went into effect. They tossed my bags 3 times over a pewter shot glass. The third time *after* they had already removed it from my carry-on. Definitely the worst ones I've ever dealt with. They were very gung-ho about their jobs at that time. Move along, potential terrorist.
Wahabi TSA.
Also because the hub of a black community tends to be a church. 
Yeah.  That's not his strategy, that's his carrot.
And even at the state run ones, $3.99/min phone calls aren't exactly break-even. 
I'm part of the GenX generation.  We job hopped instead of staying with a company because that was the only way to get raises.  We got hit by 3 major recessions, started late, lost what little retirements we had saved, and started over.  In the 19 years of my career, I've been laid off 4 times with extended periods of unemployment. I raided my 401k multiple times to pay my rent. I have no illusions that I will ever be able to comfortably retire.  

I have a good job now and I plan to stay,  but again, I'm starting late.  I'm basically at 10 years instead of 25.  I'll work until I die, or until I'm unable to work and will have to depend upon social programs.
They're legally supposed to pay you something for being "engaged to wait." You're not working but you're not exactly free to leave either. 
Some lower levels will be adminiatratively disciplined and have a mark on their employee record.  AKA: Failure to keep your mouth shut, peon.
It's like a Mahindra commercial. 
That's a strange way to spell never.
The hourly wage isn't terrible, but you're only gonna get 20hrs/week.
They're also pretty damned silent about arming teachers now that they are gathering en masse around state capitols.
Ah, yes.  From a more innocent time where the leader of our country was just the stupid face of an evil cartel, and not the... Oh.
Casey Jones was born in Missouri and grew up in Cayce, Kentucky.  I drive past Cayce every day on my commute.




Probably behind a Guitar Center.  Call the Guitologist!
Nope not a thing. Get off my lawn.

E: I actually was into skating for a while, but the last time I touched a board was around 1988. Then I bought a guitar and started getting laid. Priorities.

My lawn, you, off.

"Supreme" is a clothing brand pretending to be a skateboarding company. 
Viagra is OTC in the EU?  In the US it's prescription only and $100/pill.
Lay it out, Liar in Chief. 

E: I carnt spel
Do it, and enjoy the last few months of your power. Lame duck or impeached. Pick one. (Possibly both)
He's the stupid man's vision of what a smart man is.
For profit prisons, in which I'm sure he's well invested. 
Smells like guilt.
They'll call it a Muslims only no-go area.
Lame duck L'orange.  I like that a lot.  I'm going to use it.
Are you trying to spell ELECTRO BOOB on a calculator?
From the first little suck of colostrum, to the grope of a nurse in the old people's hostel.

We're just fucking monkeys in shoes. Man, I really love boobs.


Who puts jelly on a bagel?
Well... I was expressing that I had to stop and think about it, being an English speaker where the spelling can go either way.  But then you had to be a dick about it.  So thanks for that. 
Awesome. Thanks.
Miss you Steve.
Everyone in Australia knows everyone else and a few mutual kangaroos. 
She was an awkward little thing and now she's an equally spitting image of the two of them at the same time. Good on ya Bindi.
That thing I did that one time that she's mad about now for some reason.
I'm looking to build one similar soon.  Do you know what speaker he used?
Note to self: Skip the graphics and use a sharpie. 
Damn, I only have implied oral consent. 
No I was on the other side of the Atlantic at one of the US plants.
What was the contraption that caused the injury?
Another *Ancient Aliens* type show. Yay.
Data recovery!  Get those platters out STAT!
SGL Carbon.  I did IT for them so it came up a lot in org structures, AD, etc.
\#2 most successful mission after Apollo.
I'll bite... Ok, why?
I used to work for a company whose HQ is there. I can never remember ie versus ei for German and I was constantly misspelling it.  It was a daily problem. 
If any of them ever had to watch puppies die of parvo, they'd be clamoring to get their dogs vaccinated.
Mine just rattled its lifters past 250k.
Sending unit.  Probably the cause of the CEL.
You literally have no fucking clue what you're talking about. Stop.
Ok.  Now enforce it.
I know of at least 3 "churches" in condemned buildings here in the Purchase Area.  The "Preacher" forms a church to get donations and then skips town.  There hasn't been a single service in any of them. 

Edit: autocorrect.
I expect at some point we'll be stripped naked, sedated, and packed into crates.
Sounds like a 90s infomercial exercize DVD. 8 Minute Abs? No! 14 Hour Butt!
I guess they don't want to deal with the copyright issues. 
http://prohardver.hu/dl/upc/2012-09/23987_brittish.png
Palms and the soles of my feet. Both of them peel every spring. 
Welcome home.  You are hungry again.
Zeborah.
1 dimensional display?
He's calling the recitifer tube a fuse, though...
He for got to add "AND GET OFF MY LAWN!"
DNC: "Bring it. And your discovery too."
The nagging ache in my hip was stage 4 Avascular Nacrosis from years of alcohol abuse. 3 weeks later I had a total hip replacement at 40. Will need the other done eventually. 
I call it fake brisket.  Make it all the time.
Wake up at 5... Snooze, 5:15... Snooze, 5:30... Shower, dress, 40 minute commute, get to work at 7:00, leave at 3:30, pick up some groceries, home at 4:45. Still have plenty of family time. It ain't that bad.
Back in championship form, I see.
Holy shit this is starting to happen to me.  I've been taking Tramadol for over a year now, putting off a hip surgery I can't afford. I've never had these symptoms before this, only some mild bipolar episodes.  The Tramadol gives me crazy wild vivid dreams, but sometimes I dream mundane things that I later think were real.  For example, last month I remember cleaning out my refrigerator.  I remember scrubbing the dried food from the corners, every bit of it.  The next evening, I opened the fridge and broke down in tears when I realized that the fridge hadn't been cleaned.  I dreamed the whole thing. It seems so real... I remember every bit of cleaning it.  It's terrifying to think I might be losing my mind. I can only hope that when I can stop these meds the symptoms will go away.
They unlocked it from the inside.
They said *an additional* $8k.  Meanwhile I pay less than $800/year.  Must be either San Francisco or New Jersey.
Plenty of trees and tornadoes here in Tennessee. Often spawned from thunderstorms that are the remnants of hurricanes from the gulf.
That van is their home.
Yeah, zinc coating.  Toxic.
Racist and delusional.  Yep he fits perfectly. 
Erik Prince's (Blackwater owner) sister.
Bredesen is very well liked in TN.  Maybe not enough to sway the party-over-country crazies, but definitely enough to beat Blackburn in a fair race. 
*Slovenian
Does fucking my (now ex) wife count?  I think it does. 
His backers make too much money from oil. One of the main reason he pulled the Russia sanctions was to restart a cancelled ExxonMobil oil deal there. Oil money, dirty Russian money, kompromat.
The dangerous part here is that the conversation has changed from *illegal* immigrants to *all* immigrants.  This is straight out of the Nazi playbook.
He was specifically asked not to attend. 
Real subtle username.
I had a truck like that. Radio delete, no power steering or brakes, no AC, vinyl bench seat, 4-cylinder manual.  It was basically 4 wheels and a motor to get you from point a to point b.
It's a lot faster to choke it.
https://imgur.com/Q1UAW
Certain flavors, especially some from the tomatoes and scallions, are alcohol soluble and won't be expressed without a little alcohol to extract them. It doesn't take much.
That's why we have liquor. 
Why are they not UV blocking?  That's one of the main reasons to wear sunglasses.
I didn't say he did.  I suggested that she has her mom's ass, which he was obviously attracted to and did indeed hit.  

ETA:  Maybe he's like Gilly's father in Game of Thrones, fathering every subsequent generation. He's their dad, granddad, great-granddad, unclegrandpa, etc.
John Stuart Mill, of his own free will, after half a pint of shandy was particularly ill.
Wow, I had the same thing happen with very similar chairs and a very similar dog.  Apparently Lab mixes are bad at deck furniture. 
Thanks, I couldn't see it for my rock.
Damn, just lifted his face shield too.
"That's what her mom's ass looked like when I was banging it."
If you cook breasts for 4-8 hours it's gonna be dry as the Sahara.
Why does he have a gaming laptop? Hand me down?
Just like every Jeep hoobyist.  Mine sat for 3 years before I finally had to sell when I moved. Miss that CJ7.
The camera speed tickets here in Tennessee are unenforceable because they aren't ran by the police. It's a private company. We throw those tickets in the trash. They even say in bold type "Non-payment of this fine cannot be held against your credit, points on your license, or reported to your insurance carrier." In other words, it's a bullshit scam to scare people into paying. The city gets a cut of the money so they allow it to continue.
Just put on a polo and slacks, and look aggrivated while "reading your email".  Boom! Business Traveller!
If you owe the bank $100,000 they own you.  If you owe them $100,000,000 you own them.
We call those pig peckers.
See: KY employee pension reform bill pushed through as a sewer bill so it only needed a simple majority to pass.  They literally stripped all of the language from a greenlighted bill and replaced it with the pension bill.  It's fucking criminal.
Broken leg, had to put him down. 
For fuck's sake...
I used to work for the company that makes BMW's carbon fiber in a joint venture. All of their cars are BMW's.  The higher end ones that use the carbon fiber body panels. 
Fleet vehicles licensed on the same day. 
I can live with it.
Gem's got gams.
Superior posterior.
"For fuck's sake"
Or rich.
And on top of that, he no longer has 5th Amendment protection for that crime.  If it's material to any other case against him or anyone else, he's on the record as admitting guilt.
And that's a war crime.
After a speech where he's "deeply concerned", he'll toe the party line. Like always.  Such a maverick...
Don't forget that Betsy DeVos is his sister. 
He absolutely is.  His coffers are full of Rubles.
One theory on the so-called Pee Tape has been that the damning part isn't the pee, it's that the girls are underage. 
"You'll put your eye out!"
I *can* live with it.
Alex Jones is just a TV preacher.  His religion is conspiracy and politics. His god is money. 
She looks like she's getting the most of her Hitachi Magic Wand.
Nobody cares about dog on dog crime!!!!
IMO, a dying man can have anything he wants (within reason). What's a little whiskey gonna do, kill him??  Ach! Mein principles!
War Tide! Roll Eagle!

Love, Tennessee.💏
That he doesn't have the facilities to answer questions on the fly, or that he has to constantly check his Big Book of Lies^(TM) to keep his story straight?
There is a theory that the big deal with the pee tape isn't the pee, it's that the prostitutes are underage.
Serious question: Is Welsh actually still spoken in parts of Wales or is it mostly just kept alive in print, signs, maps, etc., to preserve history?
Dosbox.com
I thought it was the Bugera 6160.
Bobas all the way down...
Artisan, bespoke, boutique, charcuterie!
That would be great. I hate over-attentive waiters as much as missing one.  "Yes, everything is great, no I don't need more tea, no that was enough bread, yes it's cooked right, LEAVE ME ALONE SO I CAN EAT IN PEACE!!"
*Top Secret!*
I foresee an unfortunate fire and insurance claim in it's future. 
Shit, I still have people on Acro 10/X.  We have licenses for 9 Pro, 11 Standard, and X Pro.  At least X still installs and works on Win10 1709.  I tested it today.  I'm not sure exactly what Pro does that standard doesn't, but I'm glad it works.  I'm not paid enough to learn the difference. I'm a one man IT department doing a hostile Separation/Divorce/Migration (not a migration). Fucking Germans...
True.  
What's strange is that when you search for semi-truck on Wikipedia it specifically points you to semi-trailers as the source of the terminology. I stand by my earlier statement that it's regional, and that the English language is fluid and is failing us here.
You're implicated, and you're implicated, and you're implicated!!! 

/Oprah

/Bees
That might end with some polonium tea.
We're testing out BitDefender. So far so good.  But for home use Windows Defender is fine. 
/r/Pedo_Car_Mods
I use GIMP. Still going strong and better than ever.
In BFE, KY?  Maybe in 10-15 years. 
Wraps peel off.
My workshop on a tiny TV whilst tinkering/fixing/man stuff.
Adobe's subscription model makes me so angry.  I understand buying yearly licenses for our Oracle databases, etc, but for fucking ACROBAT???  We'll stick with 11 as long as we can, then go to open source. 
Neither do his die-hard followers, nor do they care. 
Probably varies from one region to another. In my part of the rural US south farm country, the first thing you described is a trailer, the second one is a wagon. The wagon has its own steering axle and is therefore not "semi-articulated".  Language variations are a weird thing. 
"Semi" is short for "semi-articulated". Meaning a tuck with a separate trailer that can swivel at the hitch. 
86 miles just barely covers my daily commute without room for a swing by the grocery. Meanwhile, my 21 year old Ponitac still gets 29mpg.
Yep, a lot of them do.
Contact your state labor board. 
In my area, the place to buy "Hispanic" ingredients is Save-a-lot.  They have just about every dried pepper you can imagine. 
Museum worthy.
I'd have to order almost all of those ingredients from Amazon. 

Olive oil is no substitute for butter. 
Alex Jones is just another TV preacher, but his religion is politics and conspiracy theories.
ITT: "Fuck your movies and fuck you."
I walked out of that movie after 30 minutes.  Not funny, just stupid.
Nobody seems to understand that Elsa is the bad guy.
You need meds.
So you're not pro-life, you're pro-forced birth. 
There will always be abortions. It's just a question if they're done by a qualified doctor or by great-aunt Bertha.
It's a cellular peptide cake, with mint frosting.
Sounds like a self-solving problem. 
You fucking prick.  You have no shame, no clue, and no idea what the fuck you're talking about. You only think about yourself and your money. You are the problem. Enjoy the rest of your one term.
Or we could topple a merderous dictator in the name of humanity instead of hurling million dollar rocks to make headlines.
And they all shat on him for it. 
As I've said since he announced his candidacy, Trump isn't the problem, he's the symptom.  
Literally straight from a Hollywood script.

Wag The Dog, 1997:  https://m.imdb.com/title/tt0120885/
In my state I can walk across the street to my neighbor's house, give him money, and take home my new AR-15.  No checks necessary.  I own many guns... pistols, rifles, shotguns, and muzzleloaders, and I think this is crazy. 
God damn it. 
Bingo.  I am the son of a gay man.  Parents got married because Mom was pregnant (rural south in the 70s). Dad came out 15 years later. 
Is that a tiny bun or the biggest single slice of brisket I've ever seen???
Earplugs and safety squints. He good.
To prevent fact checking. 
A Commonwealth is a state. A state is not necessarily a Commonwealth..
Wag that dog, motherfucker.
But with fewer drugs!
Add the username to the thread on the "Reddit exposes 1000 Russian Trolls" story.
Semen has dna whether it contains sperm or not.  But then I can't imagine that Donnie's ego would allow him to get fixed.  Pregnancy is a woman's problem.  He's a MAN!
1, You still need accurate records to run a business, the "real" records, not the "official" ones.  2, You've got to be able to go back and re-check your lies.  After you tell them so many times you start believing them. 3, there so much quid pro quo no one person can keep track of who owes a favor to whom.
Holy hell, yes.  I DONT KNOW HOW TO USE YOUR  STATISTICAL BUSINESS FUCKERY SOFTWARE! STOP! I DONT KNOW WHY YOUR FORMULAS DONT WORK! 
I've been told in no uncertain terms that the laminator is a printer and therefore belongs to IT.
Don't forget inrush current. For a brief moment the bulb will pull way more amperage than it, or even the breaker is rated for.  That stresses the components. 

"The inrush may be as much as 14 times the steady-state current and may persist for a few milliseconds for smaller lamps up to several seconds for lamps of 500 watts or more." - [Wikipedia](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inrush_current?wprov=sfla1)
Oh, Basil...
They wickedly point to him as the only acceptable vision of a black man.  If you're not an eloquent orator and leader of men, well dressed and admired by millions, then you're better off shot.
Yep and he deserves the recognition for that, but we're not talking about the 90s, were taking about now with this president.
Im pretty sure that used to be a waterbed mattress.
Nope. No idea.
No idea if it's even remotely accurate, but the old saying is "Twice the thrust at 4x the fuel."
I buy the mis-mixed gallons of latex paint at Lowe's for cheap.  Who cares what color it is?
We have the copypasta, but not the mandatory discussion on Mach cones? You're slipping, Reddit.
I have no idea what you're referring to.
April 1 was last week.
Growing up in the rural south, we always had a watermelon man who would make the rounds selling melons.  Sort of like the ice cream man, but in a shitty beat up farm truck.
The First Escort.
E3
A cult is a cult.
Woodworker here.  The general rule of thumb for drying wood is 1 year for every inch thickness. Can vary by species and local climate. We still use a moisture meter to be sure before using it. And don't forget to seal the ends of green wood or it'll split.
And the national speed limit was 55.
Grown-ups afraid of numbers...
"The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist."
They knew what they signed up for.
Damn, all my local Goodwill ever has is women's clothes, bread makers, and 70s decor from the recently deceased.
When I started smoking in the early 90s it was 16 in my state, KY.
Couldn't do it.  I talk to myself constantly. 
OP migh have mentioned the massive rear end collision caused by a distracted driver watching the sky instead of the road.
You eat mammals.
I have one like that showing my gain. 
They're basically just a floating motor surrounded by impact resistance.
Oh god, it's prom season again.  Fuck.
Construction Camo.
Fucking cats, man.  Always under foot.
There are literally cases against the money. As in, "The US vs $25,000 cash found in the trunk of a car in March 1997." It's ridiculously stupid and intentionally evil.
Hopefully this will affect Tennessee, the source of "Gimme yo cash".
That's why we keep plastic.
I think it might have milling attachments but we also have a real mill.  She's just a drill now.  No idea how old she is.  This place was built in '65.
"Another"?
I'm sure he was injured but I've taken harder hits and lived.  That's definitely a trip to the ER and worker's comp.
She's not as big or purty as the first post, but she gets the job done.  Ugly girls need love too.
Hopefully he gets shamed and pressured into resignation after everyone else involved with this administration is breaking rocks in an orange jumpsuit.
I'm calling it. Publicity Stunt. All BS.
Well, be surprised.  There's no power in thise lines.
It's a stir plate. 
Blind spot blinder.
Just drag it to the nearest ditch and burn it.
SMH... stupid bot.  Just like the ones who keep posting tobacco links in /r/smoking...
I'm dealing with this on Minitab licenses. The German users have started leaving their sessions open all night so as not to lose their seats, thus fucking the US users out of available licenses. Nothing a remote shutdown won't fix.
Cody's Lab did a similar reaction with copper to recover silver. It's a good vid.
Money
He was also a hell of a baseball player. 
Fuck DHL.  They dumped my overnight package onto Parcel Post and it took 13 days to get to me.  I almost lost my mortgage over that.
Lots of folks buy gold with Google Play credit earned by taking surveys. It literally cost them nothing.

Edit: Down vote the truth, motherfucker.  I have $33 in creds for just answering a few questions a few times a week.  Lick my crack and see if you find gold there, you burger flipping cunt stain.
Why do you lie?  Are you getting paid to do this?
Let the wrist slapping commence...
Don't let the wife know your handle.
Possibly caning tools for furniture?  http://www.caning.com/html/product/THOOK.html
That's more than my mortgage in TN.
Matar paneer.
AT to PS2 to USB.
Learned it from an Aussie, former Army. It was his personalized motorcycle license plate number (in the US).
Dunning-Kruger effect mixed with Malignant Narcissism.  He knows nothing, so he can't realize that there's something he's missing.  He thinks that his blindness to the subject affects everyone, so he makes shit up to sound smart and expects that everyone else believes him to be an expert.
You'll be fine. Don't make a habit of it.
Trump is backlash for us having had the audacity to elect a black guy. I've literally been called a race traitor for voting Democrat.  Hooray, Tennessee...  Wish these fuckers would die off already.
Gotta give his quarterly report to the boss.
"Internet Pastor" also known as "random crazy ass with a PC".
Gee, if there was only a process for gathering money for the public use.  What was it called again?  Oh yeah, TAXES. Stop fucking cutting them.
No taxation without representation.
FIGJAM:

*Fuck 

*I'm

*Good 

*Just 

*Ask 

*Me 

Spared no expense...
This ain't Disney.  That shit expires.
The only reason I hunt is because I can't buy venison locally.  I don't care about antler trophies, I want the meat.  Yes, I kill my food regularly.  Same for catfish.  The store bought "catfish" is generally an Asian export and tastes nothing like channel cat or blue cat.
An NDA cannot prevent her from testifying.
Yes, Christie.  If you LIE to the feds you go to jail.
Because this administration is openly racist?
Or that he has no power to repeal it.
My home town is that way. The Republican former mayor owns both TV stations, 4 radio stations, and the only newspaper.  Total slant on everything.
You and your facts.  Those don't matter.
Well, they're brown Spanish speakers.  It's not like they're Americans. /s
Just mine owners.
Scotland: "Hey England, we're staying in the EU with or without you."
Yay, another Bible fight.
Tennessee?  I think you have every German sports car in the state in that one shop.
As I've said since he announced his candidacy, Trump isn't the problem. He's the symptom.
Americans are not guaranteed *any* paid leave at all. My German counterparts get 6 weeks of vacation. I just earned a 3rd week after 5 years of service.  It's an absolute disgrace. 
So he's a drunk.
Without axles wheels are useless. That's the real invention. 
"Because I'm a Republican Senator."
The Best of the Rest!!!
Yes and I know that Joe Schmoe homeowner generally only has access to 15 amp circuits.  He's pretty obviously out of his comfort zone.
Oh how it breaks my heart, this photograph.

Several in the ministry practice a fuzzy math.

And some of those who wear the robe of the righteous are a li'l more next-of-kin

To the Sleestack, the wicked one, who makes a meal of our sins.
I was afraid for those cool rattan shades.
Evolution doesn't necessarily take eons, especially when controlled by humans.  Just look at antibiotic resistance.
Anecdotal... but my aunt, a cattle farmer and BSN, has been dosing herself with ivermectin topically for around 20 years and rarely ever gets bitten by mosquitoes or ticks.  Every time the cows get it, she measures out a dose for herself, the dogs, etc.
Enjoy the rest of your one term, Matthew Griswold Bevin. (Yes that's his full name)  "Shitter's full!"
You need to be running it off of more than one breaker.
These things go in cycles.  Not too many years ago it was all gray cars.
Somebody definitely worked hard to get it looking nice.
Exactly what happened in my area.  Orange tubes still sticking out of the ground for years.  No fiber yet.  "Ran out of funds", i.e., "We lied about costs to get the contract and now we want more."
Because your state taxes paid are no longer deductible from your federal taxes owed.  It's basically a fuck-you tax on blue states.
Consecutive vs concurrent sentences?
Trump's greatest joy is fucking someone over and getting away with it. It's like a drug to him.
Plus the Colonial Penn commercials in between. 
I constantly get called a fake account because I have a 10 year club badge. Apparently no one has had internet access for 10 years. 
More people died last year in car accidents than by guns, but for some reason our society views those deaths as acceptable losses.  It's insane that there is any pushback against autonomous cars.  This technology is young and will have growing pains, but it will save millions from death and injury. 
I'm sure it depends on the species.  Maybe this is an average size out of the thousands of different frogs in the world.
If he's claiming it has a salvage title when it doesn't he's just trying to scam you. Block his number and go live your life. 
Paid enough to care
As to the "acceptance rate" bullshit, the University of California is a Land Grant University.  Its charter mandates broad acceptance.  Don't confuse your Grandpappy's old money snob school with one made for the masses.
Too bad no one owns a newer one.
Don't worry, it's been spammed over there too.  This gif is in like 40 subreddits right now.
Mississippi is generally 50th in just about everything.
Except when the volts do.
Deep fried egg whites?  Rather chewy, I'd imagine.  Like a war surplus Jeep tire.
I have also found unexpected dog leavings while weed eating.  Shitsplosion everywhere. Glad I was wearing my sunglasses..
Next step, /r/legaladvice 
BBB is Yelp for old people. They are literally worth nothing to you.
Most likely a bad ground.  Clean all of the connections and any grounding locations.
Racist.
*any taxes
So.... How much is the check for?  Enough for you to not care about the value of the bill?
FLAVA FLAAAAAV!!!!!
Hammer of the gods
Shaggin' Wagon! Tell me you were conceved in it.
Why are 1/3 of my V8Q4 coils consistently defective out of the box?  Half of those, I can take them apart and fix the short/open circuit. Half I return to the shop.
If you had the money.  We poor folks still had stomp boxes.
My god, how much we would have loved to have had that power supply in the 80s and 90s... if you didn't run a rack system then you had fucking wall warts everywhere.  I finally got a TU-2 and a daisy chain around the late 90s.
That's meme material if I've ever seen it.
Testimony is immune to NDAs. She can tell-all on the stand at any one of many future trials, including divorce proceedings. 
Her book deal and movie rights will be woth more than whatever % of Trump's debt she could ever get.  Regardless of any contract she always has the right to a divorce. 
From the pattern, I'd guess early 90s.  Country blue was a damned epidemic at the time.
We should start a GoFundMe to fight this... Oh, wait...
Too late. The intended audience already believes it and no amount of evidence will change their minds.  They don't want truth, they want warm fuzzies from having their biases reinforced.
"We like our lies!"
Unless you do what you were trained to do in a plane, then you die.
Because pretty fireworks are just constructive shrapnel.
* Vodka
* Vermouth
* Shaker

But it also says "never stalls", so it's not a problem.  Right?  Guys?
For saggy old man sack.
And here I am procrastinating hip surgery because I can't afford to be off of work for 8 weeks with no pay.  
You better have a CYA file.
Super glue is no joke.  I've done it many times.  Regularly when my dry hands crack open in the winter.
American here.  I take 3 generic prescriptions and with my insurance they cost $120/mo.  It's a giant scam.
He trippin'
Hooray.
Sadly this is his old self.
Or I could just hit it with a hammer.  It's aluminum. 
Sealed for freshness.
You forgot "Road Construction"
You want them to fix their own problems?  Let them vote.
Frothy as ever.
Won't help me.  I'm a full-on horseshoe head.
Well they apparently did a ton of CGI to the faces as well.  "Kirk" is dead on.
Spock is half human.  Loves him some greasy fried chicken.
Yes. Basically cooked-down Vasoline. Over time it just gets thicker and stickier.  You can still buy "new" WWII surplus rifles that are in perfect condition due to being slathered in that shit 70 years ago.
How the hell do you balance something that big?
It's a Li-ion battery fire.
Absolutely this.  If you have special dietary needs don't expect the world to cater to you.  In fact, you should probably stop eating out all together unless you *know* the menu has something you can eat.  I'm not de-breading your fried chicken, or changing the fryer oil because it's had shellfish in it.  Go home and eat a salad.
This is why I live in BFE.  4br, 2ba, 2 car garage, 24x36 workshop, on 2 wooded acres. I paid under $120k in 2014.  My salary goes a hell of a lot farther here than it did in the city where I couldn't find a tarpaper shack for under $300k.
Ew.  RIF all the way.
[SNOOD](http://www.geekculture.com/nitrozacpaintings/images/NP0010.jpg)
You down to 8 lives, cat.
I don't know if it's worth five dollars, but it's pretty fucking good.
That *is* a tasty burger!
He wallet is the one that says "Bad Motherfucker", motherfucker.
On my Sierra w/260k I always know spring is near when I can start it without misfires due to the intake manifold gasket having shrunk in the cold. Yeah I need to replace it, but it's fine all summer.  Maybe in the fall.
Unless it's limited slip, in which case the clutches completely negate that. 
Livin' in a Trump Truck.
Cut off the cord and write NFG on it in red marker.  Then after it sits for another 3 months, some middle manager will have you get rid of it as part of his "housekeeping" project.
Turrble.
That's exactly how I was taught to spell it.  Parallel L's.
Bumbleblew!
So you're saying that if people don't get vaccinations, then more people get those diseases?  Why has no one been saying this?  /s
First cow in space. Now I want brisket. 
Send it encrypted and have the password ready to go out if necessary. 
Is cheap like borsht.
Trump would just give himself a deferment for his bone spurs. 
I used to be the IT Admin of a University Law School. You have no idea just how accurate your statement is.
The pee tape is just the eject lever.
My ex-inlaws live in a very old HOA area that hasn't updated their bylaws in forever.  They still have a bylaw on their books that says "no negroes shall be in the neighborhood after sundown without prior approval".  
Reason# 6384739936 to avoid HOAs.
Invincible bears? Is that what you want? Raping your churches? Burning your women?
Waitin' for parts, boss.
"Black and scary baby-seeking boomstick"
While I really have no doubt she's telling the truth, polygraphs are pseudoscience. 
Polygraphs are pseudoscience. Let's stick to the actual damning evidence, not quackery for news bites. 
I have the same thing. My mom is 61 and has basically no retirement, no real assets, rents, etc.  I fully expect to have to house and support her at some point in the future. 
I grew up as the only child on a tobacco farm in KY. It's a full time job every day after school and every weekend.  No siblings to help carry the load. Fuck farming. That's why I went into IT.
Sadly, I'll admit to --back in the days of Token Ring-- finding an out of the way network port that no one would suspect to look for and sticking a cut off cable into it.  "Who's got the token? Have you got the token? I don't have the token! I thought you had the token! WHERE THE FUCK'S THE TOKEN?!?!?!?" <hang>
How much were those great seats?
Bullshit.  I'm 42 and a sysadmin.  We grew up  at the dawn of the computer age and learned as it became available. We aren't your grandparents. Learn some damn cursive.
What about the orange? Tholins?
German efficiency.  Das boom.
He was one of them. Almost died because of his long moustache not allowing his gas mask to seal, which is why he shaved it narrow (or so the story goes, anyway).
Holy hell... Just name this thing the "Arrest and imprison black and brown people initiative Part VII".  They're barely even trying to hide it anymore. "Drug Dealer" is just code for "Non-White".
The US uses 120vac single phase for "normal wall outlet" power and 240vac 2-phase for large appliances such as water heaters, electric ovens, HVAC systems, etc. Anything that would draw more than 15 amps @120vac.  It's not the best system around. It was first and we made this shit up as we went along.  No changing it now.
There's a Simpson's clip, an KXCD, and a TrumpTweet for everything. 
I picked up one of those at Horrid Freight several years ago for $1.  Been in my toolbox ever since.  I've never used it.  I don't think I ever will.
Unenforceable.
Only 74%? Psshhh.... What a loser.
Isn't the act of a private citizen doing diplomacy also illegal?  I can't remember the exact terminology. IANAL.
No shit? $1000 is too much for an iPhone?  Whodathunkit?
Only? Not at all.  I'm a gun owning Liberal and I'll be exercising my rights and using my CCW license for it's intended purpose.  No way I'm going to make myself an unarmed tareget for the MAGA Militia. Just remember, concealed means concealed. The other side are the ones who wave their weapons around in the open as an intimidation tool.
We still call the "no faking" rule the Chris Jones rule.
Dang, good seats too.
Save it locally then send the file, not a link.
Not only the first 16 to beat a 1, but also to do it twice in one tournament?
I was caught a bit off guard that we had broken 90.  We really didn't run the score up, just pulled away.  The flip side of that, we gave up 75. D was not strong tonight (other that some nice blocks).  Pull that against almost any other team in the tourney and we lose.
41 fouls in that game.  20 on UK and 21 on UB.  Seems like there was a whistle every trip.
The John Madden school of basketball analysis. 
I watched the last 12 minutes on mute.  Webber was on my damned nerves. 
Me either, and I'm ok with that.  I'm assuming it's a vidya game.
If you win we look even better. 
This is printing.  It's highly inefficient.  Handwriting is cursive.  Just because children aren't taught cursive anymore doesn't make it obsolete. 
They're next.  
Yeah, if only recalls were a thing... Basically anywhere in the south...
Same here. The only thing miss are the speakers. 
Bottom unit is a switch.  Top unit is a patch panel.
Awesome sound system too.  I'm sure it's some 16 year old's first vehicle.  Beater farm trucks are the norm for first cars around here.  Boy turns 16, dad gives him the old farm truck, dad's truck becomes the new farm truck, Dad buys himself a brand new truck.  It's the circle of life. 
He bent it.  Totally Sandisk's fault.
A scale is worth way more than a banana.  Make it 3.
He only fucked those hookers and porn stars in missionary position. 
And here we see Trump's favorite thing in the world ever v1.2.  Fucking someone over in a way that they have no recourse and just have to take it.  He could have just let the guy retire, but no... he had to fuck him out of his pension.  Why?  Because he's Trumpy and Trumpy does whatever Trumpy wants to ensure that Trumpy wins. <punchable smirk>
Looks more like an IDF.

Glad to see that facts don't matter.  Carry on, children.
Lying sack of shit.
[OP LIES](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/851ybh/you_see_some_crazy_shit_working_on_the/dvujygk)
It deflated when it sprung a shmoo leak.
No, thermonuclear devices use fusion.  H bomb, not A bomb.
I'd think you'd also want some leather chaps and maybe sleeves to prevent filleting yourself by accident. 
You have to pay for what you get. Taxes aren't the boogie man the US Right has made it out to be. Countries run on taxes and if they get more, you get more in return (usually... some just fuck you).
It's my money, why would I pay someone else to hold it and reinvest it?  Nope.  Free or interest.  No pay to play.
Ah, I get it.  What's really strange is that "Western Kentucky" University is more in the middle of the state. I'm 200 miles west of Western.
No mountains in Western Kentucky. This is river country (the Purchase where Murray is).
There's no top. They removed it to get the coal.
This was a chemical weapons attack on a NATO country, yet Trump is siding with the enemy... Again.  He's no longer just a traitor to the US, but to all of NATO.
Sadly, I'm over that scale.  Going to go crash diet and cry now.
You can still buy them but they're cheap inaccurate pieces of Chinesium crap.  Best bet is to find an old one like this at Goodwill or somewhere. 
Bandage.  He probably wrecked the trike and chin-planted on the sidewalk. 
Then your policy was refusing a proper ID.  Laziness or ignorance?
I have a 4br 2ba with a 2 car garage and a 24x36 workshop on 2 acres of mature oak and maple trees that I gave less than $100k for.  Just have to live in BFE.
Only $100/mo for 620 months!
Meanwhile, DUI on a horse is a long standing tradition in KY.  I've witnessed literally dozens of them. 
Discrimination in itself is not illegal unless it's done for reasons against a protected class (race, religion, gender, etc).
I have one just like it, also from the late 50s.
SudoAptGetInstallWindows.exe
We also grow fields and fields of the stuff naturally. 
98.9? So, a summer day in Memphis. What's the humidity?  That's the killer.
Repost in 5 years?
Input torque, red fluid sloshy sloshy devil magic, output different torque. 
This happens daily in my house, except the dog is a 60lb lab/pointer mix. The cats are not amused.
Or Rambo.

Edit: Why the downvote?  Rambo is First Blood, Part II.
Does no one understand cash anymore?  Trump likely paid him in cold hard cash out of a safe, and then he (the lawyer) paid her through whatever legal/corporate angle he used.  Cohen then probably used that cash as a slush fund for McD's and Vape Juice. A pure cash account is a beautiful thing.  Let's buy a platypus!  OK, that sounds fun!!!
Public domain on the Wu-Tang?
WKMS had an interview with... someone, I forget who.... involved with the investigation and that was his main talking point. 
It happens here in the US south too on a much lesser scale.  The local headlines about the Marshall County High School shooter (local to me) are all about how he's a atheist and believes that life has no meaning, and that's why he shot 14 people, killing 2. It's a total PR campaign by the churches. 
"Scoot your big ass over, Rose!"
Enjoy your 10 year ordeal in failing to get them certified.  Aviation parts are expensive because every piece has been thoroughly vetted by the powers that be (not the Buffyverse ones).
"Turbo by Rubbermaid"
Everyone and everything is always moving at the speed of light. It's not just the fastest speed, it's the only speed.  You are moving through 3 dimensions of space and one of time. When you move faster through space, you move slower through time, and the total always equals c.  No exceptions. 
Absolutely makes sense to me.  The fake ones are more sensational and more likely to be shared. My own FIL re-shared the BS story about Mr.Rogers and Captain Kangaroo being Marine veterans of WWII with confirmed kills. "Mr.Rogers wears a sweater to cover his tattoos".  After my wife called him out (in public) he deleted those posts. 
Self-driving trucks are going to displace over 1 million middle-class jobs in long-haul trucking. 
Wow, you're right. Not at all what I learned in school.  Of course I went to a rural southern public school with religion slathered everywhere. 
He lost because Scopes did indeed violate that law. It's a lesson in sticking to your guns and speaking the truth regardless of the consequences. 
Literally whirly bird.
Case by case, AKA "Republican donors".
The way to prevent abortion is to make it unnecessary through contraception and education. Being Catholic (hence the rosaries) they are against those things too, so fuck them.  It's all about imposing their values on everyone else.
So the issue is that the speaker isn't fully seated into its bezel?
So he was just lying to be lying... again.
Leave it up to the counties?  Great, so it'll only be available in Lex and Lou. I'm 4+ hours west.
The investigation has hit its first person with nothing to lose and suicidal loyalty.  I expect him to be hailed as a martyr in a tweet shortly after his arrest. 

Bring those delicious downvotes, /r/T_D  Mmm, mmm, mmm.
That's because they used to be high paying union jobs.  Now they're low paying sweat shops.
Need more raktajino.
Lol oops.  Need more raktajino.  
I actually enjoyed the episodes that didn't revolve around Chakotay or Neelix.
Prefect example is Louise Fletcher playing Kai Wynn in ST:~~Voyager~~DS9.  God, I hated that woman.
I don't think that's a rock. It looks more like a stump.  Come visit Reelfoot Lake, TN and see what Cypress trees can do to boats.
And don't forget waste. Fresh fruits and vegetables have a short shelf life. I'm constantly tossing vegetables I didn't have time to cook.
Unsurprisingly, those very things are also caused or exacerbated by poverty.
Well, not anymore. He got a hair transplant. 
In slacks and hush puppies.  This guy declined the quote and decided to do it himself. 
Right way, wrong way, Army way. 
AKA: the Matt Bevin approach. 
Pantograph. 
Take that, flat Earthers!
Whether by impeachment, resignation, (god forbid) assassination, or electoral defeat, Trump is a one term President. 
I would guess he/she doesn't have another pan that big.
Old leaky capacitors can get way out of spec and fry other components.  Resistors can drift.  Replacing them is easy do yourself with a soldering iron and a multimeter. 
Exactly this.  The oddball "National Security" rule he used to place these tariffs is a power granted by Congress, not the Constitution.  They could simply rescind that power if they wanted to.  They don't.
Let's see...."Only installed them for the tax break", or "The instructions said put them on the South side!"?
"Unemployed loser begs for handouts."
So is gravity, but I don't see conservatives flying off into space. 
I'm massively torn on this issue.  It's terrible for the global economy, terrible for consumers, but great for me personally because I work in the US steel industry.  Guess I'll just have to save any windfall money for the impending collapse. 
That's a Wonder of a Woman.
While the packaging may disagree, that's not vermicelli. It's Mung bean/cellophane noodle. 
Sad Magazine.
The bottom shelf is kind of a joke, but I know some folks living in Europe that would kill for that bottle of Coffeemate.
At least she made you a sandwich.  
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qE-2CB2uEys
Holy revolving fucking door, Batman!  How does the "Best administration in the history of ever" even attempt to do anything with this massive turnover?  In corporate America there gets to be a point where even peon folks like me realize that the problem isn't the help, it's the master.
Pretty much the entire first Rammstein album when I was a teenager. Later I read a translation and.... well, let's just say the lyrics lose something in English. 
Ugh.... we still have a single Modbus+ PLC left in the plant. I can't wait for that mofo to go away.
Don't forget that anyone who voted against it will have that record held against them when they get primaried for not loving the Jebus enough. 
It's mid-term election year and a damn dirty Democrat took their Senate seat.  Rabble rabble rabble!
I fix the computers that run the machines that make the things. Lots of Google searches. 
Drawn by hand, one frame at a time.  This scene probably took weeks to animate. 
He's a TV preacher, but his religion is politics and conspiracies.
Actually, I've often quit paychecks.  Until you've been in the field for at least 10 years, job hopping increases your pay much more than any raises you could earn by staying. It took me 12 years and 6 jobs to break $70k.
Don't strikes expire after a certain amount of time?
Translation: "I told Kelly to give him clearance".
Something tells me that he'll still see it.  I don't know why...
Had to double-check that I wasn't in /r/catastrophicfailure

I bought the exact same one when I started college in 1995.  Still have it on my bench in my home workshop.
Clicks for key words. "Amateur pecker riding"
You could buy a used Porsche and improve it for what this abortion cost. 
Which is why he ran away from that guy who was bleeding to death. 
He always wanted a purple heart, though.  Not to earn one, just to have. 
In my experience, they only met that to keep your job filled long enough to find your replacement.
A degree in persuasive bullshit?
Dude, this post is 3 months old.
It do.
And then he can be impeached for abuse of power and obstruction.  He can't pardon himself back into office.  Next, NY State gets him for Money Laundering and Tax Evasion, and he still dies in prison. Take him down like Al Capone. 
Pretty decent chance they'll take the Senate. The House is another story entirely. Way too many small towners and Gerrymandered districts. I give them a *30% chance. 

Edit:  **Shit.** I typed 3% instead of 30% and now I'm an overly pessimistic asshole. So are potatoes, so is life. Latvia weeps.
Rusty frame or bed full of [heavy thing]?
Just buying brownie points for the mid terms.  They know it's unconstitutional, their constituents either don't or don't care.
Dear Mexico, please release the recording.
That's because there's usually a grill over it.  This is very common.  
A bit misleading. Much of the south is dry counties. No alcohol sales whatsoever. 
He's been coming back any day now for 2000 years.  Fucking morbid death cult.
Nissan extended the trans warranty to 120k on my wife's 07 Altima.
The original Leisure Suit Larry used to verify age by asking questions about the Nixon administration.  Nothing a kid couldn't Google today.
That's a sore dick deal!  You just can't beat it!
Schwimmen in de sommertime?
Ice rink
*News flash!  It did.
That big-ass cone will only last until someone blindly plows through it while on their phone and/or texting. 
Detroit is selling car parts again. Namely suspension parts.
Happy Friday News Dump!
Now I want toasted ravioli.
Damn, there's your "fake news".  Is this the same rally where LaPierre said straight-up that protecting the 2A is more important than protecting children?
It's not Fake News, it's Fake Integrity.
This is the same man who ran campaign ads of himself shooting an AR-15 to fiery explosions and "blowing up the liberals". 'Cuz he's a veteran and better than you, or something.
I see... SELL teachers guns.
I came of age in the 90s. I don't want to experience it again.  Good music though. 
Turning the other cheek. The other guy's cheek.
Ah, the Apple Upgrade Maneuver.
Medical marijuana.
I've said this since he announced his candidacy.  He's not (just) the problem, he's the symptom.
He won't hold a press conference, so no one can ask him.
We have been saying it is flawed since Bush, jr. stole the 2000 election.  No one with the power to bring about change is willing to do so.  Changing the US Constitution is a monumental task and nobody in office will even try.
I grew up on a tobacco farm.  When I was 9 years old (in 1985), my father decided to "teach me to farm". I was given my own acre of farmland to use, and we planted it in Burley tobacco.  I worked it all spring and summer, bought chemicals and fertilizer on credit from the co-op.  Dad fronted pay to the folks we hired to help with the labor.  Come December, we took the crop to market and after expenses, my profit was $5000.

Instead of reinvesting the money in the farm, I bought a computer (Commodore 64).  I decided at 9 that farming was too damn hard work and I was too smart to waste my brain in laboring.  I spent the rest of elementary and high school learning all I could about computers.  I went to college on a scholarship and got a CS degree. I also stayed current on as many tech certifications as I could.  Today, I'm the lead IT Administrator for a multi-national manufacturing company, and tobacco farming is only done by the largest factory farms that can sell it wholesale. 

The smartest thing I ever did was say, "Fuck being a farmer!"
I'm 42 and the only time in my life I've ever lived alone was the 2 years between my divorce and moving in with my (then) girlfriend (now wife).
As someone south of 36'30", that's up there.
Stop picking "lint" off of my shirt.  I don't need to be groomed like a chimpanzee.

E:spellinging
Silvertone was Sears.  Airline was Montgomery Ward.
I shared a regional flight on a tiny 40-passenger plane with a college basketball team. Most of them were over 6'6" and some were 7'.  They were absolutely miserable the whole flight.
Nope.  We dropped BB after the Z10.
Not OP, but I bought the Elegoo 3.5"tft off of Amazon.  They offer a Raspbian image download with the drivers built in.  Might be full of Chinaware, dunno.  I haven't seen any issues yet.
Cat litter is always my go-to absorber.  Whatever is the cheapest I can find.
Garden, flower beds, walking path, gazebo, benches, fruit trees, water feature/fish pond.  Plenty of room to make it your own personal park.
We're number seven!  We're number seven! (In the SEC)
Maybe more roving gangs of prayers will help, Matthew.  Fuck you.
Yep.  I wish everyone would read up on the police, school, and media failures of the Columbine massacre. It was a crime in itself.  Cover-ups, conspiracies, ineptitude, and straight up corruption.  
Learn to crimp.
When people start turning into newts, it's time to hunt for the witch.
10 BLAME VIDEO GAMES 

20 GOTO 10

Except for that whole 900F, 90atm, sulfuric acid thing.
Im a Liberal and I own guns. This bullshit is exactly why I'm opposed to the NRA.  I believe in responsible gun ownership and comprehensive safety training.  It's way too easy for the wrong people to get a gun in the USA. The background checks are a joke, and criminals just buy their guns from other criminals... When they have to. It's painfully apparent that many mass shooters passed background checks and bought their weapons "legally".

I don't claim to know the answer to stopping gun violence, but we need to invest in finding a way to stop this from happening. Is it mental health? Yes.  Is it gun policy? Yes.  Is it complacency? Yes.  Stop pointing fingers at the "other side" and work together to find a solution that doesn't punish law abiding responsible gun owners for the actions of these domestic terrorists.
Is her middle name.... *Eileen*?
Prostitutes and cameras.
Hah.  Just watched that latest video.
I do IT. In the interview, the "Senior Admin" asked if I could rebuild their 23 vlans by the go-live date *in 9 weeks*.  Hell no. You're looking for a Patsy to blame your failure on.
I hope you're hourly.
Don't get hooked on them.
Alpha, beta, gamma, delta. Cool.
I think cockubines wins.
I loved that movie.  My mom tried to cover my eyes when it showed duck boobies.  She failed.
She would kill him with access.  How dare you?!?!
Those packages come from companies that they can invest in and make bank on the gubment contract!  If they just give them vouchers then they can't take a cut!  Then when the SNAP card money goes to Walmart they make triple if they own Walmart stock (which they do).
It's the deluxe model with the soft handle! Only $10 extra!


Thank you for posting this. I have a month of Reddit Gold for the commenter of your choice.  Just tell me the username and I will gild them.  Again, thanks.
This would end the career of any other politician.  For Trump, it's just Wednesday.
Yup yup.  I've complained until I'm blue in the face but no one seems to care. What do I know, I'm just the site administrator...
My work too.  Deep packet inspection and SSL injection.  

The "scary as fuck" aspect is that we have been sold to another company and are transitioning over, but the old parent company *still has that equipment in place*. We are literally being MIM'ed by a direct competitor.  How the fuck that's legal, I have no idea.
In the US South: atheism.  People simply cannot accept that you don't believe in their god.  You're immediately branded as a spoiled child (I'm 42), or some kind of criminal they should avoid.
A town I lived in for a while had a 3rd shift workers' bar and grill. It was only open from 5am to 1pm. It had really good steaks.
Yes, I "work on computers"(I'm a sysadmin). No, I won't fix your iPhone.
If that's true then I may switch back.  I'd been a huge Firefox (or Foxfire, as the old folks calls it) fanboy since the beginning, but it got to be such a hog I defected to chrome.  Since then, Chrome is getting rather Piggly Wiggly.  Guess I'm off now to download the latest version for a tryout. 
Thanks for a happy post.  Made my day a little brighter.  He's so happy!
A lot of rural electric companies are starting to roll out fiber.  I have 1Gb coming into my workplace in the middle of BFE nowhere.
We're trying to get at least 100mb connections to all of our sites for SD-WAN. The one in the most rural area has 1 option.  100Mb direct Ethernet from the power company @ $1947/mo + $2000 installation costs. Still cheaper than the 15Mb MPLS line they have now.  No cable, no dsl, and satellite companies won't work with us on our data requirements.  Oh well, not my money.
Ah, yes.  "Solid state".  Totally modern, no pesky tubes to replace in this puppy!
Now it's INSP where they bleep "damn" from Gilmore Girls reruns.
They refuse to see that the majority of SNAP recipients do have jobs.  The largest employer of those recipients?  Walmart.  The favorite child of uber-capitalism.  The largest grocery retailer to accept SNAP? Also Walmart.  

Walmart pays their workers so low that they need SNAP to pay for the food they then buy from their own employer. The real welfare queen is Walmart and the politicians it owns.
Obstruction of *the process of Justice* is the crime.  
So, 14 year old Russian bots.
If everybody just tried hard to be born rich then they'd be fine, right Mr. Bone Spurs?
And KY gives DUIs to people mowing their yards while drinking.  DUI-on-a-horse is also a thing.
Jeez, give them some time! /s
Pi-hole.  No ads anywhere on my network.
All copypasta.
42nd day of my 42nd year.
Great Scott!
You are completely within your rights to sue them in small claims court for any fees, overdraft charges, loan interest, and lost wages caused by this.  

Check out /r/legaladvice

So their website address is a statement.
It break
I'm 42 and I've never been called.  I'd like to do it once, but I know that once you are called, you keep getting called.  My co-worker gets called twice a year like clockwork.  I joke with her, "You're an educated black grandmother in the rural south.  They see you as the *perfect* juror!"
We have to bring those with us.
[Blue Meaney](http://i36.tinypic.com/afdctj.jpg).
I have a hard time remembering my birth as well.
...Enemies both foreign and domestic.
Haha. Sorry, no. They're company property anyway.  If I could give them away, I'd do so willingly.
I have one at work I was testing to replace our old Windows CE devices for barcode scanning.  It does nothing an Android pad or iPad can't do better.  The Windows 10 "tablet mode" interface got to be infuriating sometimes.  We went with iPad minis.
Bought?  Have a bucket of them. They were originally going to be recycled, then the project was dropped.  They've been sitting in storage for years. Same for memory and Vidya cards.
In theh wuhhhhhld.
So, what are the other concurrently moving objects left and right of the roadster? Artifacts? Other parts of the rocket that have separated?  HDTV cameras? ^(/s)
Now those Windows tablets can be actually useful.
Ding ding!   I'm 6'0" and I feel normal.
Your combined motion through space and time *must always* equal the speed of light.  If you move faster through space, you move slower through time.  The total always =c. 
I can decide on a whim that I want something and with the motion of my fingertips I can have it delivered to my door in two days.  I R Rich.
Of course the man-child wears tighty whities.  
You can see his hair transplant scar.
2018: Fuck the debt.  I'm giving myself a yuge tax cut!
It's a US city.  Why wouldn't it be in US units?
Useless to those of us who have never been to NYC.
Jesus. Anorexia in action.
Hooray, beer!
Donnie, you're no Ghaddafi. He at least earned his despotism.  You're just a rich guy who won a popularity contest on a technicality, influenced by a foreign adversary. Or as you call them "friends".  Stop sucking Putin's dick long enough to realize that the money you owe Russia is going to hang you. You're a money laundering hack and your "Empire" is a lie.  I will laugh when you die in prison. 
It still flabbergasts me that Cruz couldn't see the irony of filibustering healthcare with a story whose moral is "Don't knock it until you've tried it".
I wish the US would switch to Summer Time permanently.  The argument about kids getting on the bus in the dark is absurd.  They already are anyway.  What we need is an hour of daylight after work so we can get something accomplished.  Right now it's dark when I get up, and it's dark when I get home.
I don't think I could ever get past the smell of cigarettes again.  I smell my smoker co-workers and want to vomit.

E:  Explain your downvotes, you cowards!
As I lay dying.  

Jeez... Just fucking die already. "My mother is a fish"?  A whole chapter in 5 words from the POV of a mentally challenged child? Fuck you.  I absolutely hated that book.
This is why you always work from your own custom images.  Fuck the OEM.
Gotta keep those for-profit prisons full.
🎶"...born to make mistakes....."🎶
A very large percentage of generics are the same products with lower QC restrictions.
You're an African American.  Be proud.
What about a Cubesat?
Pure Aryan genes...
Koolaid on a biscuit.
It's not going to be near Mars anytime in the near future.  Its perigee (apogee? I get them confused) crosses Mars' orbit.  The planet is on the other side of the sun right now.  It will get to Mars eventually, but it may take many, many, many, years.
Shhhh
As in every other thread, we don't know if they were referring to the core or the feed. We just have to wait. Stop interjecting your opinions. 
I think they really didn't expect this response and now they're milking it.  My prediction: The core landed fine and they'll release footage of the drone landing tomorrow to a great hurrah.
The transmitter uses a lot of power, so I'd guess less than 24h unless they used the car batteries.  Then, who knows?  Anyone care to do the math?
Maybe in 6mo, if Mars happens to be there at the time, which it won't.  And the batteries will have long died beforehand. And it's too far to transmit from that distance with that equipment.  So, no.  Never.
Almost cheaper than overnight freight... Almost.
What's the cost per KG to orbit for FH?  Plus an interplanetary surcharge...
I'm pretty sure Apollo 13's lunar transit and reentry blackout were a little more suspenseful.
^ My life, right there.
*Cues mic on radio*. "Uhhhhh.... Shift Maintenance..."
And pool.  I learned to play half-lit in bars, and can't hit shit until I've gotten a couple of drinks in me. 
 Better use of tobacco farms is hemp farming, which is the way KY is headed.
Lieutenant Dan's got magic legs, motherfucker!
*Free after rebate.
Russian National Conspiracy
True but his main point stands.
Because he and everyone involved are compromised.
An there will be a bit of prison time for you and your family.
Ok, makes sense. I couldn't tell if this was a lefty rig strung righty or what.
And nearly all of it went to the richest of the rich.
I made an offer on a house.  The owner had a fax and no email. I had email and no fax.  So I would sign the papers, scan to PDF and email it to my realtor, who would print it and fax it to the seller.  Seller would then sign and fax to the realtor, who would scan the fax to PDF and email it to me. After going back and forth a few times the pages were unreadable.  I ended up withdrawing my offer because of it.  Ain't nobody got time for that.

Why is the downvote orangered instead of periwinkle?
She grew up tall and she grew up right.
The Amazing Super Spiderman Avenging Team Movie Part 7!
Back in college I would get two bean burritos and a water for $1.06 after tax.
Penn Station Subs.  If I'm paying $13 for lunch, I want service not a McSub.
They're not?  I've never bothered to use one.
Close Reddit?  Have you no tabs?
Leftist!
I've got a 50s Danelectro combo amp for clean and an 80s Peavey Ultra head into a custom 1x12 cab for the rest. 4 channels, la di da.  Anyways... I use my volume knob more than my pedal board. This demo just says that it's great for recording solos.  Yay.
Yep, I'm coming from the same place as you.
This is more of a how-to construct than a recipe. No measurements at all. "Cook shit and put it together like so".
Could I bother you for a list of where you sourced your materials?  I'd like to make a table top version and that 80s woodgrain is awesome.  Now I need a couch with waterwheel mills on it.
Exactly 1.27 squirts.  J/K.  It's really a feel thing that you have to learn as you go.  Just know that you can always add more of something but you can't always take it away (although water is one of the few exceptions). After a few times you will get the lightbulb.  It's not rocket surgery.
It really varies for spices.  Some will drain away, and others need to cook with the meat.  YMMV.
Um, measurements?
Why in these demos do they spend the entire time noodling leads?  I mean, that's great but that guy's going to sound pretty damn good through anything.  Now can I hear a few chunky bar chords to get a feel for the gain characteristics?  How about rolling the volume and tone knobs up and down so I can check out the breakup response?
This North Korea shit - and yes I expect us to be in an armed conflict with them quite soon - is serving two purposes.  One, it distracts his base from the investigations.  Two, war Presidents get reelected.  It's his only chance of a second term.  He'll sacrifice the lives of thousands of Americans and possibly hundreds of thousands of Koreans just to keep his office, and the Party will back him all the way to Pyongyang and back to keep a Republican in the White House.
You see, he won and they should give up and give him everything he wants, because that's how Congress works.  How dare they disagree with him?  Don't they see that he won?
Back when Sunbeam made decent things, not the Dollar Tree stuff it does now.
Indict and arrest this traitor.
Similar story.... [This](https://www.babysignlanguage.com/signs/hungry.gif) is the sign for hungry.  I mistakenly thought that signing it rapidly and repeatedly meant I was VERY hungry.  Nope, apparently I told a complete stranger in a supermarket that I was horny as hell.
Is that eight pounds of spaghetti noodles?
My wife's childhood Barbie collection will finally pay off.
Saturday Night Massacre 2: Electorate Boogaloo.

He really is the Stupid Nixon.
http://www.wdrb.com/story/31411637/ky-democrats-fire-back-after-governor-bevin-video-about-work-on-budget
Been down this road many, many times in more threads than I can count.  It would start a witch hunt to find out who squealed, and I'm not going to jeopardize my wife's employment, because if anyone found out it was me they'd find a reason to fire her. This is a tiny little redneck town in the rural south where everyone is in everyone else's business. We (the atheist community) have bigger fish to fry than a few harmless prayers in BFE.
Today he's hamming up how he's being called the "best president ever" even including Washington, Jefferson, etc by some professional brown-nosers.  The man has no shame and no amount stroking is too much for his yuge ego. 
Taking a cue from KY Gov. Matt Bevin.  He released a film of him visiting empty Democrat offices at 11:00am and claimed they weren't showing up to do work.  Turns out they were actually in committee meetings.  No lie is too big if it furthers the Party Agenda^^(TM).
Grab the Dremel.
Upvote for footsticuffs.  
*Ahem*. We prefer the term *Chafrican Americans*.
Shit... My wife's *public* school starts every morning announcement and every assembly with a Jesus prayer.  Small towns in the south all do it already.
M-I-C... See ya in court!  K-E-Y... Why? The Establishment Clause!  

F-U-C-K you!
Tribalism and loyalty to the party over the nation.
Love the wood grain.  Definitely adds to the 80s vibe.
Bullshit.  That's just mimicking.  My dog does it. "Wanna go pee?" "Huronnuh ko fee".
I'm not reading all of that.  OP is not a member of supposed "HOA". They can go jump off a cliff.  My statement stands. 
Exactly which agency of the government is this speech to be protected from?  1A doesn't do what you think it does.  This is not speech, it's harassment.
I can't wait until he dies in a prison cell.
Free internet is free internet.
Feels like being you.
This is step 1.  The rest are coming, and it ends with Trump firing Mueller with plausible deniability.  This is a set offensive play.
He's the most athi-est Atheist of all.
AU Sydney
"Resistance is..... equal to the voltage divided by the current."
I'm using PIA with it right now.
Use a VPN and it *is* on Netflix.
Private Internet Access VPN is $40/year.  Just change your location to a country that gets what you want to see.
>She is an immigrant who worked here illegally, yet Trump and his supporters don't have a problem with that.

Yeah, but she's white. 

But is the person on the receiver end the same person or just a copy of the now destroyed original? Did the consciousness also transfer? That's a philosophical issue I've always worried about with Star Trek transporters.
I'm from an as rural as it gets area of TN. The right wing churchy people are a majority here, but they are a minority in the US as a whole.  The biggest problem in the rural south is that the churches are very deep into politics and tell their flocks what issues to believe and who to vote for.  They are not the norm in American society.
Actually it isn't.  It's the rabid vocal minority's. Only 14% of the country voted for him, and he lost the popular vote by 3MM votes.  He's the least popular president in generations, and he'll probably die in prison.
Das Schöttensheiße!
I hope it will also drive itself to the dealership for maintenance and repairs.
Is Memphis in the running?  Because you know FedEx is there.
I think diet tab is water.
We put a Coal Executive in charge of mine safety.  People died but look at all the open jobs!  We saved coal!
[Kisses?](http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/americandadfrankendog.jpg)
And you are gone and none of it mattered.
I spent a summer in the high desert of Western Wyoming and my friends and co-workers were amazed that I'd continue working hard in 100+ weather.  To me, the dry air was a relief.  Yes, I drank *gallons* of water, but there was no miserable humidity.  It felt like a mild Spring day in West Tennessee.
Amen.  It doesn't actually solve anything, it just causes more problems for the people who love you.  It shifts your misery to everyone else. If anything else, please know that your death will hurt the people you love more than it will hurt you.

Apparently Reddit has an angsty hardon for suicide.  Fine. Bye, cowards.  Make your mama cry because you couldn't deal with life.  I'll be over here recovering and living a life.

Thank you for sharing this.  It's the brutal truth some people need.  I've battled depression my entire life and I come from a long line of other sufferers.  This is no joke, I have lost ~~3~~ 4 uncles, 4 cousins, and 3 friends to suicide.  There have also been a few "accidental deaths" along the way, and I only know my family history back to my grandparents and their siblings, so there's probably more.  It's easy for me to call these people cowards or say they just gave up, but I have myself been in the depths and I know how helpless it feels.  Maybe your post will help at least one person wake up and realize the trauma suicide causes to not only yourself, but also to your family and friends. Help is available if only we can get them to seek it.

Edit: 4 uncles if you count my aunt's second husband, whom I barely knew.
Par for the course for this administration.
No joke, I ordered a BLT sub "plain" at the Subway drive through and when I got back to work it was just fucking bacon on fucking bread.  I called the store and the guy was like "What? You said plain, brah!" I had to educate him that BLT stood for bacon, lettuce, and tomato, because he really didn't know that.  People wonder why these jobs are being replaced by robots...
It's just an advertisement.  It doesn't even have a drive shaft.
Most places like that have the channel locked and only the person with the remote or the key is allowed to change it.
How do you access them when the batteries die?  "Oh no! There's a mass shooter rampaging in my office!  I have a gun in my hidden compartment, but the batteries are dead! The humanity!!!"
Also distance is a problem.  It would take me 12 hours straight of driving for me to get to DC, and I'm only 1/3 of the way across the country.  Anyone from the West coast would have to spend $1000 or more for a last minute flight just to get there to protest.  People hold local rallies, but no one pays any attention to those.  If you want your protest noticed, you have to do it in DC.
Memphis area here.  We also see 110 a few times a summer, but most of the season it's 90 degrees and 90% humidity.  Fucking sticky and miserable.  You simply can't cool down without an air conditioner to pull the moisture from the air.
Best drunken 3am beignets of all time.
Snowflake asks for special treatment.  Film at 11.
Then you just take a cue from the White House senior staff and submit a revision every month or so about all the things you "forgot" to claim as they come out.  "Gee, I completely forgot about that little $50MM in my Caymans account..."
Schneider Electric/Invensys/whatever Wonderware support is top notch, and damn well better be for what we pay for it.
A big part of that is which level of service you have.  Consumer desktop support is generally awful, but when I call the Gold Enterprise Support, I get a real human being in Texas.
"Docta give me a pill an' I grew a new kidney!"
I used to do freelance work for a stone quarry and a concrete mill. Every PC in both places looked like this.
We used to call that AOL Hell.  Cheap ass AOL disks would crack and shatter in 52x CD drives.  They just couldn't handle the forces involved.
Bzzzt!  Wrong.  Try again, political troll. Management isn't (usually) a member of the union.  That's for the workers.  The union is why those jobs pay well and have good benefits.  You know why so many jobs suck and have shitty pay, and no benefits nowadays?  Because right-wing hacks like you killed the unions that protected them.  My father raised a family on his union factory job with only a high school diploma.  My wife and I have college degrees, and the corresponding debt, and both have to work to have the same standard of living that a single income would have given us 35 years ago.  So before you spout the seig-heil of the "conservative" party, remember that the only thing they conserve is corporate profits at the expense of the workers. Unions fight that.  You like 40-hour weeks?  Paid overtime? Vacation days?  Sick leave?  Thank a union worker, because without the men and women who fought *and died* for those things, you'd just be fired the next time you catch the flu.

They have "as on Earth, also in heaven".  Meaning, apparently, that their god is forced to capitulate to the laws of man.  No idea how they reconcile that with omnipotence and omnipresence.
I've said for many years that the default response to a "faith-based" position needs to be that it's moot.  Religious opinions have no weight in law. They have no substance in fact.
Women just up and deciding to have an abortion after 20+ weeks.  "I've carried this baby for 4.5 months now, but I'm just tired of it! Let's get rid of it!".  

It doesn't happen that way.
He has an attendant.  Is that a permit required confined space entry?  
My best friend, who couldn't care less about comic books, named his kids Parker and Logan.  Spiderman and Wolverine. Everyone always gives the kids Spiderman and Wolverine swag.
Was she a mutineer?
So is Rue Paul.
A deviated septum can also cause sleep deprivation, which can lead to all kinds of health and even psychological issues.  Get that thing checked out!
I know that feel.  You get down in position and your cup slides back and down.  Then you stand up and it's wedged between your thighs.  Lift and tuck!
Grab your bootstraps!
Money doesn't buy happiness, but it sure as hell pays away misery.
Mid south here.  That's very comfortable.  More than triple the average household income.
A $3000 pay cut.
Not only abandoned by John, but also treated like a whipping boy, red-headed step child by Yoko.  He could do no right while her baby Sean could do no wrong. 

Hey Jude, don't be afraid. Take a sad song and make it better.
I want to see it post-firing.

E: I seent it.
Exactly what happened to me with my left hip.  I literally woke up one day and it was hurting.  Went to the doctor and took X-rays and found out that I had stage 4 avascular necrosis.  3 weeks later I had a hip replacement at age 40.  That was 18 months ago and now I need the other one replaced.  Since then I've gained about 40 lbs.  Combination of lack of exercise and opiate pain meds that make me hungry all the time.
I'll hope one of those 27,000 people is a urologist that can reverse my vasectomy, then get to populatin'.
False dichotomy. A better example is alcohol prohibition.  When it was made illegal it created a black market, mafias, and unsafe, unregulated liquor that blinded and killed its drinkers.  People will find a way to get what they want regardless of the law.  Murder is and has always been illegal, and no one is advocating otherwise.  Abortion is a protected right per SCOTUS and Roe v. Wade.  And no, abortion *is not* murder.  There are decades of case law to this fact.  Just because you feel that it is, does not make it so.  Your opinions are not equal to opposing *facts*.

Eh, don't sweat it.  I started losing my hair at 19 and it was gone by 28.  Just accept it and go for a short style that complements your face.  Too many people are hung up on hair.
When the Democrats take back Congress. Until then, nothing will happen.
You can buy stamps at most banks and grocery stores.  But yes, it should be postage free.
Service workers don't get holidays off.  All that would do is let the middle and upper class have a party day, while the poor work a double to cover.
Making abortion illegal only prevents legal abortions.  People will find a way.  Do you want sterile clinics staffed by medical professionals, or coat hangers on kitchen tables?
He's 32 years old.  Let that sink in.  Holy hell.
Home of the world's biggest fish fry! And fuck you!
In 1992, due to my excellent credit rating, I got a phenomenal interest rate on a used car of 8.9%.
It's a stalemate of every congressperson's corporate interest conflicting with every other congressperson's corporate interests.  There are **b**illions of dollars being paid to all 535 of them so these corporations can get what they want.  This is why there is no compromise.
Yes, in functional democracies, the failure to pass a budget triggers new elections.  Here in the US, it triggers temper tantrums and pissy fits.  Bunch of children fighting for whichever corporate donor owns their balls right now.
But does the library have a gold fringe?
So is he

Regardless of the typo, it's still the same damn lie he told in the debates.  No states allow abortion after 22 weeks.
Of course McConnell objected, he can't give up his whipping boy.  He has to have a way to blame everything on the Democrats.  This is the same man who put up a bullshit bill and then had to fillibuster *his own bill* when the Dems called his bluff.
Meanwhile, I'm looking at $7-10K out of pocket for hip surgery with insurance.
Good luck, Chuk.
Yes but it's slated to be controlled by alcohol boards.  As far as they are concerned, it's the same.
Semi metallic?  No, I want all metallic!
And it'll be immediately stayed by the courts.
Been there many times as a kid.  So many coins stuck in the foam of that fuel tank...
I'm the other way around.  While I'd love to have a small car that gets good mileage for commuting, my lifestyle requires a truck to haul things and pull trailers. I'm not going to get 10 sheets of plywood, a square of shingles, or a ton of gravel in a Corrola. In fact, I'd be better served by a 3/4 ton truck, but that's basically double the cost of a half ton.
Because the statute of limitations is about kick in.
Anyone who has ever worked with horses knows that a hand is 4 inches.  It's not an unusual unit.
Or we could go all Akhenaten on him and remove all references to his presidency from the records and pretend it never happened.
Don't worry, it will never be built.
Going to college.  Motherfucker, my daddy didn't pay for this. My daddy wasn't even around. I worked my ass off, and saved, and skrimped, and did without any luxuries at all for years at a time.  It took 13 years, but I paid that shit off and now I have decent money.  Don't think I'm an elitist snob because I can afford a nice house now.  I lived in shithole trailers and apartments for decades.  You had every opportunity I did, you just didn't go for it.
Me too.  I've been doing this for 19 years but it's mostly been autodidactic learning.  I just submitted a proposal this morning so I can take this on my work's dime.  I proposed that all of us should have at least the basic levels.
So it's the Nixonian "If the President says it publicly, it's declassified"?

Edit: Didn't Dick Cheney say something along these lines during the W years?
So you're saying that he is receiving classified information from the White House without proper clearance.  Because that's what you're saying.
First class??
I did it too.  Still no meetah.

Actually, I replied "I have de meetah.  I need de scope!!!"
I grew up on a farm and I am quite skilled in gluing things together with welding slag....
It's a pretty common trope when it's a girl and her "dad".  They'll start asking for money to not go to the cops any day now.
Dead girls or live boys.
More like 6'0" and 275.
A [full-bridge rectifier](https://theawesomer.com/photos/2017/08/fake_diy_projects_exposed_t.jpg), you say? Not a puny single diode rectifier?
Empty cars, probably.
Mind the gap!
Textbook paranoid schizophrenia there. I hope she gets help, or at least gets those government tracking devices removed from her body.
I saw it as "k Rape Park".
Too bad most of the legislature is owned by their local churches.  They'll vote no because of the demon weed.
Because he's taking in millions from pharma lobby.
We still have dry counties and towns with Sunday closure ordinances.  No way this passes.  I have chronic pain and would love to get off of opiates.  I'm thoroughly addicted. Sometimes withdrawal is worse than the pain.
It's "sudo make me a sandwich".
Did they seriously name it that just to get a palindrome? 

"The place with the name that sounds like they gave up halfway through naming it...uh...Krapepark!"
I'm in 7a and it's 9F and we just got 8" of snow dropped on us.  I feel like I'm in 2b.
Don't forget to put out your scarewhore.
I literally just said "sheeeeiit!" Reading that headline.
Wow, he really is the next Barry Bonds.
On tour with the California Raisins.
Don't hold your breath when you swing.
It's always surprising to me how far north all of Europe actually is.  I'm at the same latitude as Cairo and currently getting buried in snow in the US.
1D chess. It looks complicated from the other two dimensions.  He's not smart.  He's just unpredictable.
Please, please, please make him respond on the record to a tape of him saying shithole. 
I'm 42. I feel like I'm still in my early 30s... and we have disposal income. We do what we want when we want.  We do however have too many damned pets! ;) Surrogate children that you can just send to the kennel for a week.

Edit: I really do think that we are staying young because we didn't have kids.  Most of my friends my age have kids in high school, are paying for college, or worse yet are raising their grandchildren.  Almost all of them are broke, miserable, and beat down by life.  Only the ones with *lots* of money are happy.
Gotta use what ya got.
If that's the case then it's not up to code anyway and should be reported.  You can't have multiple rooms and outside lights on one circuit.
In the mean time, you may want to purchase some circuit breaker lockouts from your local electrical supply store. Turn off the offending breakers and put your own lock on them, so that when the owner sees they are off, he can't just enter your apartment and turn them back on.
It's pretty common.  All of the little gray squiggles on [this map](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-_kl8caS-G0s/Tc5T744Ox7I/AAAAAAAAAEs/JHFudLXmweg/s1600/missflood1.JPG) are where the Mississippi was when the state was formed.  Now those loops are on the "wrong" side of the river.
It's almost like access to information makes you seek out facts or something.  Damn these heathens and their "learning"!
Aroobergine!
It's just a club meetup. I'm sure they're in the nearest bar.
Or the same Delorean from 3 different time lines.
How was that not incitement to violence? This man commits arrestable crimes on a weekly basis and people laugh.
[L'esprit de l'escalier](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/L%27esprit_de_l%27escalier)
More like Fascist.
Making something with a hand tool instead of a power tool.
It also happened near my home town in Kentucky.  Pics in link. http://www.wdrb.com/story/16613002/ky-lake-bridge-collapses-after-tow-boat-strike
Gish Galloping the world.
Happy Friday! 
Honest question here: If Trump has been with all of these women, multiple porn stars on top of all of his mistresses over the years... Could his apparent mental decline be from long term Syphilis? 
Babushka'd
It wasn't implied.  It was overt.
He's another example of the "too damn old" generation of politicians we are stuck with right now.  It's the fault of the Baby Boomers.  He's what, 85?  
Well, to be fair the south was Democrat until the Civil Rights Act.  It went Republican specifically because of racism.
The founder was pretty damn liberal.
Ding ding! The south votes Republican because their pastors tell them to.
He's a great reader. Best in his class. Just wonderfully great.
All of Congress, and the people should be demanding his resignation.  Sadly, his racist base just nods their heads and applaud him for "fighting political correctness".  I fear this is going to lead to more violence.
Damn... Every single one of them almost bit it.
Being from the Memphis area, I wish they'd take Sweet Baby Ray's with them!
My family calls Maull's "Catholic Ketchup".
Yet the President not only denies that it happened, he's actively supporting the man who orchestrated it.  I call that treason.
5 cyclones on the fifth planet, a hexagon on the sixth...
Because it's just a thinly veiled Bible study class posing as an Objective Religion class.
A C-note is a 100 dollar bill.
The reason doesn't matter.  He can fire you for any reason that isn't protected by status, or no reason at all.  You aren't legally bound to give him the messages, and he isn't legally bound to employ you.
I always loved the eyelid covers on the [65 Buick Riviera](https://www.thelastdetail.com/galleria_images/620/620_main_l.jpg).

Edit: [Open and closed](http://carswithmuscles.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/1965-buick-riviera.jpg)
I had a history professor who prided himself on that although he graded his final on a curve, the best pre-curve final test score he had ever given was 69%.  I made 47% on his final and the curve gave me a 95.  Fuck him and anyone like him.

It was a once per week class.  Every Monday was a 4 question multiple choice quiz over 4 chapters of the book. That means if you miss one, you get a C.  Miss 2, you fail.
A strong stable genius with such big hands and a bigger red button should be able to knock this out in an afternoon. 🙄
Washington DC has more people than Wyoming.
Wear them over cotton socks.
He looks like a kiddy diddling preacher.
Easier to microwave with a hole in the center.
I'm almost happy for you.
You use it to shave your teeth???
And available parts.  Now sears parts direct is basically one big NOT AVAILABLE sign.
Craftsman used to be the gold standard for tools.  Parts were always available for almost any power tool they sold.  Now those parts are all but impossible to get.  I needed a bevel gear for a 3 year old thickness planer. No longer available... Although Sears is still selling the same damn model new.  So instead of a $4 part I went and bought a $400 DeWalt planer.  Maybe I can make the old planer into a jointer.
How about we limit his speech?  Federal prisoners don't have Twitter.  It's just a matter of time now.  I expect him to die in a prison hospice ward.
Is there going to be a senility exception to this new law?
As are many "innovation" patents.  Apple has a patent on the fucking silence switch on the iPhone.  No other phone can have a physical switch that makes it be quiet.  It's ridiculous.
I hereby claim copyright on the note A-440.  Pay me.
Ya, Mon!
1. Have a bone marrow transplant waiting. (Or some of the patient's own).
2. Nuke the patients marrow, no immune system.
3. CRISPR in a bubble. 
4. Transplant.

Overly simplistic, but it could work.
The fact that half the population has an HD movie camera in their pocket and none of them has filmed aliens is pretty good evidence that there are no aliens around.
They believe what they want to believe and no amount of evidence will change their minds.  Works the same with crazy religious nuts too.
When you have Alzheimer's disease and aren't capable of doing your job, but your handlers won't let you quit because it'd be bad for them.
I lost 10 pounds in one afternoon! Ask me how!
It would start a witch hunt to find out who the friend was.  
Thanks.
It doesn't hurt us personally, it's just wrong and bad for the children. We don't plan to move because we both have good jobs (financially) in a low cost of living area.  We considered moving to the city, but the cost of living is so much higher that we would be taking effective pay cuts even with the higher wages offered there. And I can always buy alcohol in another town since I commute a rather long distance.
I've discussed it with her, but she is afraid of losing her job if people find out it was her or me.  This is a tiny little town where everyone is in everyone's business.  She won't even be seen buying alcohol for fear that a parent might see her and try to get her fired.  Small town redneck churchy bullshit.
Absolutely. My payment on my 4br 2ba house on 2 acres with 2 workshops in the country is less than rent of a 2br 1ba apartment in Nashville.  I'll commute, thanks.
I'm also in the south.  My wife's public school begins every morning announcement with a prayer.  
It's not the first time.
It's pretty much the norm in IT.  I've turned down a (rather shitty) severance package because the NDA would have hurt my future job prospects.  They can go fuck themselves with that 1 month salary and benefits.
Thousands of jobs for the housekeepers and landscapers of the CEOs who pocketed the profits.

I see I've cought the eye of /T_D.  Suck it, donflakes.
Speak for yourself, skinny.
I'm in Tennessee and I haven't seen a gas attendant since the early 80s.
This is exactly what I was referring to.  Thanks for answering.
So literally any chocolate.
May alarm didn't go off this morning.
They already passed a tax on states that didn't vote for Trump.  Why not this?
War presidents get reelected. 
It's his Ghaddafi starter kit.
And much of that money went to Trump himself because he was playing at his own resorts.  The Secret Service is paying him rent in Trump tower in order to protect him.
Buyers remorse.
When I see this I always think of music.  When it goes into a certain resonance, I wonder, is that a 3rd? A 5th? An octave?
I had pretty much the exact same experience in Kentucky.
That's more than my wife makes in Tennessee as an 11 year teacher.
One could argue that the ice age is why humans evolved to be the dominant species on this planet.
Thanks,

The lazy.
> The rear of the car looks sanded and prepped for paint.

Possibly to be performed sometime before 2021.
Depends on if he loaded it or a dock crew.
Way to jinx it.
Money
We call that the yellow snow effect.  Democrats could warn against eating yellow snow and Republicans would fight it.
I do around 100 miles a day. I have a good job that happens to be in a shitty area that I refuse to live in. Second, my wife has her job 70 miles in the other direction.  We live in the middle where cost of living is low. This is a very rural area and it takes 30-45 minutes to go anywhere. 
[Can't truss it](https://youtu.be/am9BqZ6eA5c).
Most are already independently wealthy and/or making millions in kickbacks.  The salary ain't shit.
I live in a very poor area.  All my Goodwill ever has is clothes and VCRs.
Is that the flight that Paul McCartney was supposed to be on but missed?  I sorta remember something about that, but it was 16 years ago. My memories of that week are older than some redditors.
Lens flare and overexposure.
How the hell did al pastor (of shepherds) get associated with pineapple? Seems unrelated.
That's a lot of dollar rims.
Without a reference wall, that settles nothing.  Maybe we are the wall.
Sue him.
Outsourced murder.
And vote for the GOP.
Methinks he doth protest too much.
Yeah liquor is pretty cheap in KY.  I think my last fifth of Bulleitt was $29. Luckily I work in KY, and in a wet county, so it's not a special trip.  Too bad I also have to pay KY income tax.
I read a report somewhere that something like 1 in 18 children aren't the children of their "father".  That's a lot of cheating.  I wish I could find that link again.
A major part of that is peer pressure from white evangelical churches.  The church pastors preach conservative talking points and threaten anyone who might disagree.  Vote Democrat, go to hell for supporting abortion and gays.  It really is that simple.
Education makes people more liberal.  They ask questions and look for evidence.
I don't think this info will help me much in West Tennessee.  In my entire 42 years of life, it's only ever been cold long enough here for me to walk on ice **once**, back in the late 1980s.  Nice to know, though.
No, theirs just stop taking a charge to force you to upgrade.
Made by Harmony.  That one is early 60s. They're good guitars if the neck will adjust straight.
Probably a step drill bit.
He was delicious.
"Elections".  They don't need meddling. It's just a "Do you love Putin?" poll.
Ok, well that would be good.  Nice to hear.
Because you touch yourself at night.
It's because they were still dressing the same in the 80s and 90s, and you associate that look with old people.  I do it too.
Now people just slice golf balls into the sea.  Pleasure pollution.
"Jesus, Ethel! Cover yourself!"
*Crucio!*
So does that require a particulate filter or SCBA?  Is that a Low-O environment?

/Just re-upped my respirator cert this morning.
Splinched.
Chemicals.
Permanent until it's eventually repealed.  We've reached a point where we have two sets of laws in the US. One for when the GOP is in power, and another when it's the Dems. Back and forth.
I remember a satirical "news" story about how Obama was to give a speech warning children not to eat yellow snow, and how the GOP was preparing its response touting the conservative value and cultural importance of eating yellow snow, for Jesus.  Seemed hilariously insane at the time.  Now I wouldn't bat an eye if Trump was to issue an EO making yellow snow the official snow of MAGA.
Please inform the American South.  Churches run everything here.
I rarely ever carry cash.  By the end of the year I'd have maybe $20.
I expect the biggest impact in the near future to be in long-haul trucking.  That's somewhere in the neighborhood of 1.5 million well paying jobs in the US alone that will disappear because of automated trucks.  There will still be a need for short haul drivers, but the pay will be much less. Likely not even full-time.
Inform him that yes, there was a mistake and you should not be working for people who lie to you.  That's about all you have.  It sucks, but without an actual employment contract it's just his word vs yours.  Just remember that if you quit you don't get unemployment.  Make him fire you.  Good luck with a new job.
Prisoners don't have a lot of income.
Give the boy a red card.
Bignaturals collection
Damn, I 'bout broke my thumb hitting upvote.  You're a good brother.
Excuse my childishness, but... LOCK HIM UP!!!
That's waiting for the other companies to come move their lines to the new pole.
This is almost a form of self-harm.  Like arm cutting for spoiled little rich girls. "I hate myself and my life.  I'll get butt implants."
Plastic.
As an inhabitant of the American South, I find this disturbing and unnatural. Then again, we panic and die over 1" of snow.
This is known as a coincidence.
Everybody aboard the Yam Bus!
I have internet-only from the cable company, which is my only option.  Well there's satellite, but that's not really useable for me because of the data caps.
Im internet-only and my bill goes up $5-10 every six months like clockwork anyway.
Pretty much a weekly occurrence in my home town.
You must not have cats.
Work my fields and try not to die of dysintery.
https://www.thedailybeast.com/the-rise-and-fall-of-the-infamous-sarcmark
It's called fusion generation because it's always a generation away!!!
Thermonuclear bombs (H-bombs) are fusion.  Who's the fool?
We need to standardize the sarc mark. 
That's what happens when you put glorified burger flippers in positions of authority.
We call that the fuck it bucket.
Sorry, bro.  Your day will come.
When a gang of gays kicks the shit out of a conservative just for walking down the street then I'll have some sympathy.  Right now you're just upset that people are treating you the way you treat others.
Fall begins on or about Sept 23.  There's plenty of fall baseball.
As a Kentucky alum, the seasons are MLB and College Basketball.
Not me.  I worked in banking IT.  It's bullshit to be crawling in a ceiling pulling cables in a damned tie and slacks.
Sounds good to me.  I'll try it.
Wow, I've never heard of it, and I'm from the Memphis Area where we will literally rub *anything* on our meats. I'm definitely ordering some.  Amazon has Jada, Chippy, and Matani brands.  Which one do you Aussies recommend?
Chicken and sushi just has me picturing raw chicken breast rolled up in nori and rice. Mmm... salmonella rolls.
Cavender's Greek Seasoning is amazing as well.  Makes a great season salt, and also a great veggie dip.  Just add it to sour cream.
Pouring one out for Steve Irwin.
Yeah, I know.  It was a joke.  I think it's really just some great advertising.  They need a dummy load, why not a Tesla?  I'll add the /s.
They appear to be lift points.
This just helps to confirm my suspicion that Elon plans to take a one-way trip to Mars at some point.  He's going to want his things.

Edit to add: /s
Actually it's both, and it's awful, yo.
[CJ hasn't aged well.](http://www.offroaders.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Very-Rusty-Jeep.jpg)
Lincoln, cane, helmet hair... Just another day of our elderly problem in the US. There are so many of them, and soon to be so many more.
How is it interesting?  It doesn't give any details, but just states that a document exists.  [Here is a Wired article that covers it well](https://www.wired.com/2007/09/mecca-in-orbit).
Heavy curtains.
If that was mine, that "luthier" would be paying the bill for a *real* luthier to fix it right.  Cough it up, ass.
Practice relaxing your throat a little more each time.
But not on the plastic.  I feel my face stuck to it now.
My grandparents' house was that way. Biggest room in the friggin house and it only got used at Christmas.
Makes my ass puke buttermilk.
But can he dunk?
That cinnamon shit ain't chili.
I live in a dry county.  All my liquor comes from KY.
My ISP (Spectrum) goes up by $5 every 6 months like clockwork.  It's currently $64.99.  I expect an increase on Jan 1.
When you wreck your old truck but the bed is still good.
That shit has 12 seasons?
[I know](http://hookmeapp.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/stewie-griffin-gay-club-o.gif).
[Mexifornia](http://www.bostonherald.com/sites/default/files/styles/featured_big/public/media/2015/05/26/123015tv01.jpg?itok=p72FPNr1), you say?
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Bernie Madoff!
Download a car and keep your dollar.
Organ amps.
Likely because they're no longer useful to him.
Hair spray and shoulder pads.
He always wanted a purple heart.
We have been usurped by oligarchs.