If we want to get nihilistic that assumes that human life and human emotion is valuable
It definitely is in the playoffs.
I think it's more "this one is better, but I like the other one more anyway"
If there's a time that I want to have a few beers and watch a sport I only loosely understand it's late at night.
That number should be fifty.
I really liked the Jak and Daxter series so I was kind of bummed when they released this game, but it's actually a really good game.
What a cute homosexual couple.
That's the one
Goalie's best friend is a steel pipe
A different meaning to "what even is goaltender interference?" this time
Say what you will about the first 20 minutes of hockey but there are two numbers on the scoreboard that matter, one of them reads "1" and one of them reads "0".
Looking at this image makes me feel ways I can't honestly say I am entirely comfortable with. 
Wasn't it his third conviction?

Smells like lip service but what can you expect I suppose.
I use the [official pathfinder mat](http://paizo.com/products/btpy8oto?Pathfinder-FlipMat-Basic) with a dry erase marker and draw the map. I have two of them, so if there's an especially complicated map coming up in the next session I draw it ahead of time, but most maps are simple enough to be drawn in under five minutes so I just draw them during play and give the players a small break.
Yuru Yuri is extremely light on any kind of meaningful plot development
If I am elected president I pledge to get all of our best scientists working on catgirls
Happy accidents
19 and 14 is a liiittle bit of a stretch if you ask me.
-.349 for me
This comes off as sort of a Bill Cosby is innocent thing and I don't think I could be further from the truth, that dude is fucking guilty as heck.

Don't get me wrong, the American justice system has done an absolutely horrific job of punishing cops, but I don't think we should conflate the two issues.
Same difference.
Ah yes fellow men of culture
Right, but don't go on a fucking date if you're $13 off of your credit limit. Wait until payday.
Anything you would use a unit for is an amount, so it would be an amount of change, e.g. 5.65 *dollars*. You could have a number of nickles though, for example.
My Arcanist is a School Savant with the Evocation (Admixture) school. She uses Fireball with Magical Lineage and the Dazing Spell metamagic and I'm about to get Spell Perfection and really go crazy. With the extra spells prepared from School Savant I basically feel like a Wizard except that I have exactly the number of Fireballs I need in combat, whether that number is zero or ten, so it works really well, and I can boost the save DCs with Potent Magic. Quick Study is great too when all of the sudden you need Water Breathing or something like that, or if you can scout out your enemy and grab some spells to counter them.
Probably Arcanist. You get the in-combat flexibility of the sorcerer and the day-to-day flexibility of the wizard.
Blaze the Cat or riot
Seems like it carries along many of the Danganronpa motifs. I'll definitely give this a try.
Altuve wasn't even going to throw the ball until he saw just how damn slow Pujols was going.
I think I skipped this Tales game
What if I told you they're literally all good
I actually really like him in the 4 spot. What a lot of people overlook about batting cleanup is that the cleanup hitter most commonly comes up to bat with no one out nobody on. In that spot, for the same reason he's batting leadoff right now, he's a guy with a good OBP who can steal a base. If somebody gets on in the first inning, now he's coming up in maybe a two out one on situation which is exactly where you want that home run power. The value of good baserunning and on-base ability in the 4 spot is pretty underrated if you ask me.
Russia is just if 4chan made a country
Todd Bonzalez continues to make me lose my shit
Never forget that it takes two to make eye contact
Who at the wedding got to wear the DBZ shirt?
I don't think there's much in the way of worker's rights protections in the Articles of Confederation but I'm not a sovcit lawyer.
Cops have gotten away with cold-blooded murder just because they've done it in the line of duty. Roughing up a cooperative innocent while yanking him out of a car isn't even a talking point.
Yeah, it's single CPU dual GPU there's no way it's north of 10k. At some point just for kicks I was pricing out a quad Xeon quad GPU PC and it wasn't far north of $20k.
If you're going to troll at least flair up so you don't look like a little bitch
That was a fat punish until then though
I think as described here 911 would still function as expected. The issue was that people were dialing 9 for outbound, then 1 for a North American number, and accidentally pressing 1 twice. If it's 4 for an outbound call that obviously isn't an issue.
You should absolutely get in contact with a criminal defense lawyer in your area as you are facing criminal charges. The good news is that I don't think you have too much to worry about, you hardly profile as a "troublemaker" and accidental 911 calls happen, I'm sure the judge will be sympathetic and the case will most likely be thrown out.
I enforce talking as a free action. What that means mechanically is that you can only talk on your turn, since you can only take free actions on your turn. You also aren't allowed to say more than a line or so.
It would take like a cool 15 seconds to realize that someone has anything more complicated than three of a kind
Ah yes because the Japanese revisionist movement is such a great thing
Even if you don't want to party up solo Vodyanoi as Nekros is still probably your best bet for a solo endo farm.
Fuck and we're out of catchers too
Oh Jackie come on
This is a weird dildo
I wish I was as confident about the Jets' chances as they were. Jets might be the slight favorite vs. Nashville but that's a series that could honestly go 4-0 either way or go to game 7 and I wouldn't be particularly shocked.
Look, I'm not going to stand out here and kink-shame anybody.

Fuck cheaters though yiff in hell bitch.
Moonlight Streaming is great. It should be noted that you need a newish Nvidia GPU to use it though since it's basically just a SHIELD streaming client. 

I've used it to play turn-based RPGs and VNs while in bed but with a controller you can play pretty much anything. Over a good connection the latency is pretty much nil and the quality is fantastic.
My problem with manga is that if I'm into it I end up speed reading it so I can see where the plot goes sooner. I need to force myself to spend some time looking at the illustrations. 
Yeah that looks crazy difficult wish I had that kind of balance and body control
That's only if you have a deviated asshole.
Is it worth either watching the anime or reading the manga if I'm a big fan of the game? I feel like I kind of got what I need from P3 but if either format is a sufficiently different take I might give them a go.
Removing bonus spells doesn't make any sense to me. 14 wisdom battle clerics are already all over the damn place. Do we really need even less reason to make heavy wisdom clerics when it's already pretty damn dubious? Maaaaybe if clerics are slinging tons of DC-based spells but I doubt that will ever be more than a niche build that's outperformed by anything arcane.
Bair is definitely a kill move, I can say having spammed autocancel bairs against 140% opponents many times
From a genre savvy viewer's point of view, you can kill characters, but you can't blow up the world. When the character in question is Captain America, now all of the sudden you can't kill him either. He gains impervious plot armor that makes it very hard to get invested.
That's what G-Sync/Freesync do, they allow the monitor to dynamically refresh as the frame is delivered by the GPU.
The only thing worse than the quality of the officiating was the the quality of the Flyers' defense. Yeah, be pissed at the refs, but don't blame them for the loss.
What an incredibly stupid game.
And now we're not calling interference? Hmmm.
Oh my god this is beautiful in some perverse way.
Yeah I think that probably should have been a call
I'm extremely confused by whatever just happened there. Embellishment?
Displays run at 60 Hz. In order to avoid uneven frame delivery and thus choppiness you want a framerate that's a factor of 60.

Let's look at some cases, O will represent a new frame being displayed and X will represent a repeat frame being displayed:

60 FPS:  
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

40 FPS:  
OXOOXOOXOOXOOXOOXOOXOOXOOXOOXO

30 FPS:  
OXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOX

You'll see that while 60 FPS and 30 FPS deliver frames at a consistent interval of 16.66 ms and 33.33 ms respectively, 40 fps or anything else in between 30 and 60 will sometimes deliver a frame in 16.66 ms, and sometimes in 33.33 ms. 

That's at least the rationale. Different people notice stuttery frame delivery differing amounts, I definitely don't mind 40 or 50 FPS, but some would rather have locked 30 due to the frame pacing issues. I wouldn't mind seeing some developers experiment with getting games to run at a locked 40 FPS, as a two thirds harmonic is basically the next best thing to one half in terms of consistent pacing.
Hey, I'll have you know I watch hockey, baseball, and anime thank you very much.
Rockstar can't stop milking the dried out teat called GTAV. It's honestly pretty disturbing if it's an indicator of what to expect.
The smart man buys a rope tough enough to make it through a bondage session and still be good for a hanging.
You can't say that about a little gay middle schooler
There's something beautiful about having no expectations whatsoever.
Because right now that's a problem twice. If your division is tough it will always be harder to get into the playoffs and have a good seed. With the current format, your prize for overcoming your tough division is essentially nothing at all.
It's been a tough day for Minnesota-based Avicii fans so far
And a Chrome plugin to convert them to PNG
They don't de-orbit until they know they absolutely know they have a straight shot to their runway, and the actual process of de-orbiting and landing doesn't take too long.
In-engine, although stylized pre-rendered cutscenes are cool too. Anime cutscenes in Persona are an example of good pre-rendered cutscenes.

In general though, cohesiveness is very important and in-engine cutscenes can really help a game preserve a sense of continuity through a cutscene. I also appreciate when games gracefully fade between cutscene and gameplay rather than having a hard cut to further that continuity.
I promise that I will buy this product if it ever sees the light of day.
Much like the Fortnite servers, every time I ping him I don't get a reply
You're not helping our friend here
A walk in every PA would give you 1.000 OPS, Bonds's career mark was 1.051 OPS. OPS obviously isn't a perfect stat, but it's still ridiculous. That said, it's close enough to see that situationally it's definitely sometimes right to not walk him. With no one on you should probably pitch to him. If there are literally any runners on base though, maybe just give him a pass. If first is open and there are runners on base you would be stupid not to walk him.
Especially in a two out spot
Swery is the absolute greatest
The NHL has a 16 team playoff format so the Caps busting out in the second round is functionally equivalent to the Nats busting out in the NLDS.
I would strongly prefer either of those names to the current situation
I know it's still April but I'm quite pleased. Even if they regress to the mean all of these wins they've accumulated so far still count.
It's a bit awkward that a publisher can operate like that when video game developers have one of the most notoriously high turnover rates in any industry.
RAW Black Tentacles is effectively a sphere, it's identical in shape to a Fireball. It's also a spread, which means it can get around corners, you simply count out 4 squares from the origin as if counting movement to see where it can effect, even if there has to be a turn around a corner to get there.
This sub has peaked
How fucking insensitive do you need to be? This isn't a novel or a movie. It's not a roadblock along the hero's journey. It's a once living, breathing person who's gone. Wrap you're fucking head around that before you say anything stupid.

I wouldn't think it would be so fucking hard.
Battlefield Battle Royale might be the one for me. No shooter has handled the sorts of open maps and long-range engagements prevent in Battle Royale games as well as Battlefield. PUBG still just doesn't feel satisfying from a shooting perspective. Battlefield does. It seems like an obvious fit.
"Our leader is him"  
"He is who we should follow"

You're just giving yourself a passive voice issue and that's opening a whole 'nother can of jelly. If you intend to ask yourself whether any given question you ask should be answered in the passive voice you are either a masochistic English major or a madman.

This LPT is basically nonsense.
Try tongue but hole.
I mean, I kind of get what's being said here even if I don't agree with the way they read into it. Equality means moving beyond old-fashioned chivalry. We need to break away from cultural expectations and see each other as equals from the start. So hold the door for everyone.
There's only one thing you can do. Murder her boyfriend.
As far as dumb stats go this one is pretty fun.
Using birth control is expensive, but not using birth control is way more expensive.
That little bit of two-seamer movement seems to do a pretty good job of blending the fastball and the knuckle curve. Seems like it would be very hard to pick up in time to do anything with.
This is the kind of shit that absolutely doesn't make any sense and makes MLB look like they're stuck a decade behind reality. They don't want people posting highlights so they can force people to watch preroll ads with those highlights at MLB.com. It doesn't take a specialized analyst to tell you that those ads can't be worth too much compared to the value of the traffic that an organic social media presence can bring.

That's really the corporate social media dream, yeah, it's great if your Twitter account does well, but people are going to seek that out if they want it and that's that. The real gold mine is getting your presence across a larger space, letting others do the advertising for you. Not only do you hit a larger market that's less likely to already be your customer by doing that, but you also avoid the consumer's distaste for marketing.
Yikes. Hopefully that skin calluses up well and the issue doesn't reoccur. 

There's something of a theory that the changes to the seams of the baseballs that lead to them flying further has also lead to them giving pitchers blisters more easily. I buy it, there's definitely been a lot more pitchers with blister issues these past few years.
Yeah that's a head scratcher. Sets up the force at home too. Makes it look like Green didn't have any faith in his guy to throw strikes to the fucking pitcher.
I agree, if you ask me KH1 is kind of boring but KH2 is cool as fuck.
I didn't realize that the Home Run Derby was so early this year, congratulations to Mookie on winning it.
He's no fake Muto.
Games earn their length when they tell a big story. I'm still a big fan of a lot of long RPGs even though it takes me more sessions to finish them than when I was a kid, because I have a big appreciation of epic stories. If you told me the next Persona game was 30 hours long I would be pretty bummed, because to tell all of the character stories that they want to tell, it's just not going to happen.

That said, if you're not trying to tell an big story, then you shouldn't pad a game out just because. If a mission in a game has no real plot importance it should probably be a side mission, that way it's there for people who want the content and it isn't for the people who want to finish the game.

As for shorter format 5 hour games, there are lots I like, but that can also go wrong. If you try to tell a big story in a small size like that you're almost inevitably going to leave your player wanting for more, and not in a good way. That kind of format calls for a more focused experience. A game needs to understand how ambitious it is.

And while I do kind of hate the value argument, I will say that having played through a lot of $10-$15 5ish hour VNs lately, those things will burn a hole in your pocket if you play a lot of them. If you want to spend a lot of time, you probably want a bigger game.

Short games and long games both have their places. They both fill niches and I would be disappointed if one or the other started to go away. Triple A games full of padding are absolutely a problem, but I think that's often a case of lack of ambition for their budget on the developer's part. Big budgets mean a big gamble, so developers tend to play their hand safely, but I think that's kind of at odds with the consumer's interest.
It's a one hour flight. Sure it might mess with your routine a bit but if you let in 6 goals every time your routine is messed with a bit you have a big problem. Hellebuyck has looked sharp even when he had to play both games in a back to back due to an injury so I have a hard time believing he's so sensitive.
It's always been 6 seconds in game, I meant a nerf from historical values. The same turrets on Gearing have a 3.2 second reload. Basically the same turrets with longer-barreled guns on Montana have a 4 second reload.
Yeah the officials have not been calling basically anything off of the puck. It's pretty stupid.
Mhmm, it's more like Missouri in that regard too. Usually you'll spot it and be able to steer clear as a DD, but it still provides effective area denial if not so much DD killing power.
Boooooo
Gabriel is the peak me irl character. Used to be able to go through the motions and find success, eventually realizes that she has no motivation to do so and that she'd rather avoid responsibility and play video games in a dark room. It's like looking in a mirror except the mirror makes you look like a cute anime girl.
Secondary range doesn't matter much as long as the USN 5"/38 secondaries keep their ridiculously nerfed 6 second reload. Considering they also only have a 5% fire chance they aren't going to do much.
The only logical order is 2001-09-11.

Saying that 11/09/2001 is more logical than 09/11/2001 is like saying that grass is tastier than shit. Like, yeah, you're right, but you're still a retard if you eat grass.
Some things never change
What the fuck is that side-B from the edge Jack you're better than that
Cats gotta cat
You can turn off all bundling in Inbox. It kind of defeats the point mind you.
Russia cutting Russians off from the internet is bad news. The internet ideally serves as a great reminder that we're all in this together, that whatever our governments might do we're all just people trying to live our lives. In isolation any government is free to cultivate whatever ideas they want without having to worry about what's going on on the outside.
RIP Billy Mays, flew too close to the void
The sequel got seriously mixed reviews from critics
I think the bit was to try to convince Dan that lotteries aren't worth it in a roundabout way.
Cruiser-calibre IJN secondaries shoot AP, destroyer-calibre IJN secondaries shoot HE.
Tequila shots are gross.
It has to be a communication channel thing. If Trump and Hannity are communicating with each other, that communication can be subpoenaed by a court. But if Trump and Hannity talk to Cohen who acts as an intermediary they're theoretically immune to subpoenas due to attorney-client privilege. Of course with Cohen getting investigated that all falls apart.

What that says is that Trump and Hannity are sharing information they don't want the courts to learn about.
I threw out a few in my high school ball years but it's been a little while now. Give me some time to get my throwing motion back and I could probably do it, not first try I'm sure but eventually I'd hit the mark.
Ships usually do their maximum HP value when ramming, although they can potentially do less at very low speeds. If you get a chance to ram a smaller class of ship it's a pretty effective way to get a kill.
Ah yes, I forget about how the rules of baseball change in the playoffs
"Its" is kind of an abomination. 
I use Cheat Engine to mess around in single-player games all the time. It's quite satisfying to give yourself something for free that a developer is trying to charge you some ridiculous microtransaction for. To use it to cheat in something like Guild Wars takes some actual know-how, or you need to find a purpose-built cheating script on the internet somewhere. It's not as simple as the typical search and replace stuff you might use Cheat Engine for.
And Kiermaier, hell Pillar is pretty good too. AL CF is pretty fucking hard position to earn a gold glove.
That's a ground ball double, it's insane how hard he smoked that thing. It gets to the wall in like 3 seconds while bouncing.
Watching this makes me extraordinarily upset.
You ever play against a rage hacker, and then leave so that your team can forfeit?
I would like to think that a decent chunk of people know what the fucking notes are on a piano, and I would also like to think that the ones that don't can infer from context.
People always talk about the possibility of deadline rental UFAs re-signing with the team they're traded to but in reality it's fairly rare. I definitely won't be surprised if Kane ends up with the Sharks long-term though, it seems like a perfect fit.
I wonder what that says for Buffalo?
These analysts are pretty out of it. Probably pissed the one west coast game is going to double OT lol.
I'm going to say that if you're sitting there in a playoff game you aren't too worried about $8 of popcorn
Ain't a proper playoff game unless there's some proper goon shit after it's put away.
It's like saying that if it was the "no-homer club", you could have two homers, just not one. 
I will not suffer this heresy Mitsuru is the best
-20% high alert seems really good.
What's better than playoff hockey? Playoff hockey forever!
Alright Avs you guys have a 1 goal lead through a period just have to ride it out for the rest of the series easy peasy.
No mega stone though, and he's OP as fuck in his mega-evolution
I think Ohtani is more the Rayquaza of this situation
Actually there are totally some pins you can do without. Some connect to the RAM slots and you really only need one of those to work, some of them work in parallel with other pins and aren't 100% necessary, and some are even completely unused in some cases. It's not uncommon to have a bent pin but everything works fine anyway.
That works when the horse is still, but in forward motion the horse is now pulling the weight of a fat dude and multiple weather balloons.
Get the funnel
Can I get radar modules like Clash of Elements? If so I'm in.
This is the ideal male outfit. You may not like it, but this is what peak fashion looks like.
Winning the game seven seconds at a time. Works if you keep winning the faceoffs!
40-20 in shots, absolutely dominant on puck possession for large stretches. A handful of nasty defensive lapses nearly cost them the game despite all of that though, so they certainly should look to improve that, although Cherry didn't say that.
This game has gone from slow and physical to an absolute fucking barn burner in a hat drop and I love it
He saved it with his fucking skate!
That's what we've been fucking missing.
Wishing we got something to show for our great first period right about now.
There's been an unfortunate lapse in Laine rockets lately
Jets have been killing it, just wish that that performance would make its way to the scoreboard
If it's so fucking simple why are there literally two guys who have this much success doing it?
The "your team has to be good to win the MVP" thing is one of the most obnoxious old-fashioned ideas in sports. It's not that hard! Just give it to the best player! Connor McDavid is the best player! I'm sorry that he's not better at getting drafted by a good team, because I'm being told that's the biggest hole in his game.
My local sports radio keeps them on the line and boy can it get cringey in a hurry. It's always awkward when they're trying to ask their third dumb question and the host tries to politely cut them off to hang up on them.
If tier 8 ranked is CV-heavy Kii might be an alright choice, but you could always just pick a North Carolina.
People love Mark Cuban for flipping his dotcom-era social network that turned out to not be worth shit after the fact. Getting rich by fleecing investors doesn't sound so bad.
It's a lot better than trotting 2017 José Bautista out for 157 games. That man's aging curve wound up being an aging cliff, and it seems like the Jays had something of a "we pay him so we should play him" mentality which is a fallacy if you want to win the most baseball games
AP bombs can overpen but they can also citadel, citadels are where the big damage comes from. The ideal target has enough armor you won't overpenetrate, but a thin enough citadel deck that you can punch through and citadel them. This makes your targets heavily-armored cruisers and lightly-armored battleships. German battleships for example tend to have pretty thin citadel decks, while Yamato for example has a very thick one making it effectively immune to AP bomb citadels.
All of the French battleships are covered in various utility boats, there's something sort of gaudy about it, it almost makes them look like cruise liners more than warships.
That's just how it is in a MAD world. The retaliatory strike must be both unstoppable and devastating. The only thing stopping your enemy is what they stand to lose in kind.

It breaks down a lot around the seams once you start to consider the human angle though, that human beings need to ultimately pull the trigger to take all of those lives. Once the incoming strike has happened the retaliatory strike ironically loses its purpose.
Not familiar with any specific code on the subject but that sort of behavior by the school seems criminally negligent.
Huh, never heard of that one but it's very succinct and quite accurate.
Canned Coke is pretty disgusting to me but fountain Coke from McDonalds is the nectar of the gods.
If I remember right the McDonalds in the Mall of America sells Pepsi due to a similar exclusivity thing.
I bought my Vita pretty much just to play Persona, and to this day that's pretty much all I've played through on it.
Miss me with this ecchi shit
They can weight to represent demographics and account for other skews in scientifically-founded ways. Steam doesn't provide nearly enough data to do something like that.
Man, I still don't know how that Josh Donaldson trade happened. It really doesn't make sense now, but it didn't exactly make sense at the time either.
I wonder, do animals like cats have a sense of humor? They can display many human-like emotions, but I can't say I have any idea of whether a cat or a dog could ever find something funny. The cat in the cupboard almost seems like it's playing a prank though.
The sword is the standout of the set for me. Greatsword is pretty cool too. 
There's only one reasonable answer to this question. Democracies arent supposed to be founded in money. They're supposed to represent the people. American democracy is dangerously close to no longer being a democracy at all.
I love Mookie Betts so much
At high school age they get the full dimensions.
Definitely made the right call, you have to give that throwing lane running to first and Jones didn't.
The ball needs to change directions due to gravity for it to be an out basically, if it goes on a straight line into the glove it's a foul tip.
There's not exactly a whole lot of percentage points left to be gained.
He's definitely got the "without a bat" part down.
I have to say, I've been pretty happy with Cora aggressively hooking his starting pitchers. Once the third time through the lineup comes around the difference between Chris Sale and whatever guy in the bullpen becomes a lot smaller, and especially in a game like this there's no real good reason to give him innings when the game is pretty much over anyway. Hopefully if the pace is kept right Sale can still be an absolute ace come September and October.
I love Mookie so much
The only reason that there isn't more ill will toward the Pens is because Crosby is so damn likeable.
I think a lot of the saturation of those posts is due to the lull in hockey right now, I have to imagine that starting tomorrow the subreddit will look a lot more like normal.
Could probably get those tickets for like $2 second-hand. If you don't mind the cold there are worse ways to spend an afternoon.
Basically you don't want to inhale them, they're very tiny and very sharp and will do bad things to your lungs.
Deep fried pickles are actually the best
Typical polandball, of course Germany is the smart one.
And that's why Germany won the war and took control of all of Europe. Sieg heil!
You say that like cruisers citadelling battleships wasn't extraordinarily situational to begin with. As someone who played Iowa and Montana extensively before their citadel change I got close range citadeled to death exactly one time.
P3's dungeon crawling is even more tedious, I assume you haven't played it. I absolutely love that game but boy was I dreading every trip to Tartarus near the end.
I'm not sure if I will ever not be upset about this.
That NXT card was something else though.
I hope he's very successful because he's certainly exciting to watch.
The Horn Gang
LF at Fenway is weird but not necessarily hard, the wall really diminishes the effects of range so you can afford to stick a slower outfielder there as long as they know how to handle the wall. RF on the other hand is pretty much the opposite, you just want the rangiest guy possible since there's so much ground to cover so you'd really want to avoid sticking someone like JDM there, especially when the alternative is Mookie fucking Betts.
It's completely stalled, but thanks to thrust vectoring and the raw power of the engines the pilot still has quite a lot of control.
High velocity, fastball, splitter plus a slider. The splitter kills lefties, the slider kills righties. He can cross them up especially second or third time seeing a guy to keep them guessing. You couldn't design a better strikeout arsenal. The man has the tools, no doubt, that's why scouts were so high on his pitching.
Can't do that anymore in 2018 due to stat caps ☹️
A lot of people seem to be looking at this like maybe the Yankees aren't actually that good. I strongly doubt that's the case. They're two close games going the wrong way from a very solid 7-3. Hitters like Judge and Stanton that rely so much on power over contact are going to be pretty volatile in small sample sizes. I am happy the Red Sox have this early head start though, because I have a feeling it might matter a lot come September.
If you're going to be bad anyway you might as well appreciate the humor of it.
I knew the Jets hadn't given up many empty netters but only 4 is insane.
I'm all aboard the Ohtani hype train. Hope he kills it on both sides of the field.
Was the linesman on vacation here? Not sure how you miss that one.
You can also see why ice floats, in its low-energy state H2O forms a lattice structure that isn't very dense.
Some people opt to be buried in a coffin, others prefer cremation. Trever Bauer should be thrown in the garbage when he dies.
That's why they have the most hit points and armor and the worst accuracy, duh.
If Laine wasn't going to win it I would have liked to see Ovi hit 50 again, but I doubt Ovi's too broken up about it, he'll just need to settle for having 5 more goals than anyone else.
The screen isn't even that fucked for how bad the shell is. That's the opposite of how iPhones usually go in my experience, those screens love to crack.
Made it look easy burying it top shelf like that, Connor should definitely be looked at for one of the top 3 shootout spots next year. He's got a great touch.
It's like the paper clip trick but with a lizard
4512 8574 7844 6485

10/21

053

Hope it helps the cause!
George W. Bush sunk the Titanic and the CIA was in on it
He died for our sins, RIP
The weirdest part of this is that it seems like he lives in an apartment. My landlord wouldn't let me have a fish.
Nah it's not a list thing but you might want to do it in privacy.
Me too, but it doesn't have anything to do with when I get up.
If you're looking for hidden gems, one thing I like to do on Steam is filter by some tags I'm interested in the time. Steam's tag system is actually really good and doesn't get payed nearly enough mention. There's so much stuff out there that even really good games can fly under the radar, and tags have been key in helping me find the stuff I'm interested in but might otherwise miss.

Somewhat lately I was looking at the "Female Protagonist" tag because I have a tendency to enjoy narrative-focused games with female leads. In combination with some other tags I was interested in, I ended up finding Danganronpa V3 (and the rest of the Danganronpa series), a visual novel series called Fault, and Tales of Berseria, and I definitely enjoyed all of them. One of those games definitely beaned me with that tag though, although I shouldn't say which.

But that's where I'm at, a lot of triple A stuff doesn't do much for me. I think the best way to play games is to find what makes you tick. Playing a lot of emotional, story driven games has kind of got me back into video games in a big way when I was kind of falling away from them.
Minnesota is the state that has the most in common with Canada, and is thus also the best state.
Life goals
Arbitrary code execution has pretty serious diminishing returns in terms of wow-factor. The first time you see it, it's like "what the fuck they programmed Tetris into Super Mario World over the controller port?" but once you get past the part where they can program literally whatever they want within the limits of the hardware it's pretty hard to one-up.
It kind of does since it got the 30 mm deck. Still probably the squishiest T10 cruiser not named Minotaur but you can definitely eat some fire while gently angled.
You hit him 6 times, that's a lot of times to hit a DD with Yamato shells and HE would have done even more.
I wish I was so confident
It was a bad whistle but there's nothing you can do about that after the fact.
Seems like he could use a pr-editor
We can say with some certain that absolutely no one saw that one coming
Because you want him to be a career minor-leaguer.
Flea is pretty good at bullshitting his way through Red Hot Chili Peppers.
As long as the dealer didn't tamper with the odometer there's not really an issue. New cars usually have some miles on them due to test drives or transportation.
Good PA, gets a righty to the plate and a walk wins it now
That's kind of petty but I'm down with it.
Hopefully the Sox still have some of that extra innings magic kicking around from last year.
Xandy Two-bags!
Nice, I've been thinking it would be cool to have a Texas since my 19 point USN BB captain runs BFT/AFT.
Shot through the brain stem is what you're looking for.
Every operation needs its brains
It looks less like a battleship and more like some kind of luxury yacht but I like the look
Iowa is actually still more vulnerable than NC. Armor thickness is mostly similar between them but NC finds only the middle section of its citadel roof vulnerable to overmatch by BB AP while Iowa finds its entire citadel roof vulnerable to overmatch by BB AP.
I don't think WG want to let DD HE penetrate hulls or decks of larger ships, DDs have a pretty surprising amount of raw DPM if they can use it all, but since they can only really damage superstructures their DPM is pretty situational once damage saturation comes into play. If they could target the hull of a ship then it becomes a lot more realistic to smoke up and wreck someone with your guns.
Taylor Hall is easy to like
Forged my mom's signature on my 7th grade gym class workout log. Found out later that my parents didn't give a shit and would just sign it regardless of my having done anything.
You chose this Giancarlo. Could have just gone and played for the Giants or the Cardinals but no. You chose this.
Kyle Connor overtime god
One of the benefits of having a young goaltender is durability, Hellebuyck hasn't shown any outward signs of fatigue so I'm not terribly worried about it.
I'm mostly just salty that if the Jets can hold onto second in the West their prize for that is... playing first in the West in the second round. The difference between first in the division and third in the division mostly just comes down to the extra home game.
Being in a good division already makes it harder to get into the playoffs, now it makes the playoffs directly harder too. The opposite is true for a weak division. 

I'm not sure why the NHL thinks it's a good idea to exaggerate the effects of divisional imbalances.
I'm a sucker for the dark grey and gold Vegas jerseys, it's a different look but very sleek and stylish.
Very little of the reason I play Persona is the JRPG part, it's more about how it handles your relationships with your friends and the general story that comes with that. Danganronpa does a lot of that same stuff.
Hoo boy that was some trigger-happy officiating.
Not loving the trend of throwing away leads by taking a bunch of penalties 
Got called for a too many men that didn't happen and a delay of game that didn't happen, pretty pumped about that.
???
I have no clue how that was too many men
That 50 second shot of Eric Karlsson kind of freaked me out
Just played through these recently and Danganronpa has instantly become one of my favorite series. It scratches that Persona itch but is way darker which is absolutely my shit.
Yes congratulations I believe you have found the joke, please reply with your mailing address to receive the prize.
What an absolute fucking joke. It's not like it was part of a hockey play and the intent is ambiguous, this is a guy who got hit a little harder than he liked and decided to go out and hurt somebody. How that results in a slap in the wrist is absolutely puzzling to me.

For plays like this that are clearly delibirately dangerous a suspension should be functionally automatic. Furthermore the maximum fine is a joke, especially to a player on a tenured contract. Fines should be placed as a percentage of the player's salary rather than a fixed amount to ensure that both rookies and veterans appropriately suffer for their crimes. 1% would be a reasonable starting point, it would be a small increase for those paid the league minimum but a much larger increase for those making millions per year. A few of those and you'd actually begin to notice the effect on your bank account unlike the current situation. Obviously any changes to how fines work would need to get done in the CBA but hopefully the players side is encouraged to protect themselves from plays like this.
Tiebreakers are bullshit
I love Mango, been subbed for years
This might be more interesting with a minimum TOI, these are all lines that haven't been together terribly much.
Let me say that they don't close schools due to cold weather in Winnipeg, I think I got one winter-related day off in my entire grade school years.
Okay but what's the current SkrittCoin to gold exchange rate?
No one knows the rules for the draw four wildcard. You can only legally play it if you have no other available moves. There's a bluff mechanic where whoever's on the receiving end has to choose to call out whoever played it for cheating, if they're wrong they draw extra cards but it they're right the person who played it draws instead.

Look it up it's real.
There are plenty of unaffiliated local news stations kicking around
Because Manfred is happy with the situation in all likelihood. Homers traffic well especially with the more casual audience.
Bogaerts has to be one of the most ridiculously streaky hitters in the majors. In any given month he either absolutely rakes or looks completely lost swinging at everything.
I hope Moncada can put it all together, he seems like a fun player to watch.
The dude who caught it probably didn't expect to bring home a baseball that day. That's up in the cheap seats.
I'm a sucker for high-quality figurines but I'm trying to keep my degenerate weeb side on the DL.
What I really miss is the flashlight animation when you open a directory and its contents are loading.
Xander seemed like a player who could benefit from following the trend of becoming more of a pull hitter fly ball guy. He always projected as a high power guy in the minors but just hit so many balls into the ground. If he's made that change to his approach I'm excited.
You can't pull more voltage than there is. You also can't pull less. You're thinking of amperage.
Who's Jon Arbuckle on this purely hypothetical fight stick?
As someone who has gone through airport security in a Giant Bomb hoodie it wasn't an issue. I also didn't even notice until after the fact.
With Sale that's what the Red Sox did and he looked diminished come September.
Stuck with the cross-crease pass all the way and made a nice save.
I wish the USN 5"/38 secondaries didn't have a pathetic 6 second loading time. The only higher tier USN ship with decent secondaries is Montana since the 5"/54s get both buffed reload (to 4 seconds) and additional fire chance making them fairly effective fire starters. It's not like any of the ships with the 5"/38 secondaries would become suddenly overpowered with a more realistic reload time, especially now that Cleveland is moving up to tier 8. 
Space battles are extra obnoxious to play CV in since all your targets have at least decent AA since they're all T10 and there are Des Moines everywhere.
Maybe the solution is to have more than $18 in savings before having a kid.
My phone, computers, and accounts are all locked down with passwords no one else knows. Call me paranoid but at least I don't have to worry about anyone finding out what my fetishes are.
Depends on the batter I guess but I always figured most 4 man OFs would be run with traditional 1B/2B/SS positions. You'd have to ask the Astros I suppose. Most hitters tend to pull their ground balls and spray their fly balls and Gallo certainly falls into that archetype and then some.
I'm sure that explains why the Habs were good in 2014-2015 when Price played 66 games, then bad in 2015-2016 when Price played 12 games (and won 10 of them), and then good again in 2016-2017 when Price played 62 games. 
I thought that one was gone off the bat no problem but it went straight for the deepest corner of the field
I'm a believer in the 4 man outfield, with fly ball rates soaring the way they have been it makes a lot of sense. These guys train their swing to hit specific launch angles, it's very difficult just to turn that off. Sure, it's possible the guys who consistently run into stuff like this will adapt and learn to slap ground balls the other way or bunt down the 3rd base line, but until they do why not exploit them?
American McDonald's is the lowest quality for sure. Even Canada has mostly the same menu but all of the meat is just better quality. 
That's two inside the park homers in a span of three innings if you go back to the ALDS last year.
He's a hypocrite, but that doesn't mean he's not right about Amazon. The world's biggest online retailer being a net drain on infrastructure is a problem anyway you cut it. The growth of American business isn't supposed to hurt the American economy, but due to the sorry state of the tax code it does.
Danganronpa as a series really affected me in a major way. The aptly-named Despair arc of Danganronpa 3 (which is actually an anime, Danganronpa V3 is the game which is more of a side story) left me feeling genuinely sick to my stomach.

Maybe saying I enjoyed it isn't the right word, but I appreciate it in a way that I can't really describe. If you can deal with some moderate anime corniness I can't recommend the Danganronpa series enough. Credit to Spike Chunsoft for bringing it over and doing a quality job of localization.
Every time Dan says Bram Stroker when he is clearly referring to Bram Stoker I pretty much lose my shit
Know what hurts the economy? When the breadbasket of America becomes the Great Midwestern Desert.
When you put it that way...
24 Hz exported to 30 or 60 Hz always looks really choppy, there will be a stutter where the frames don't line up and it skips one. You might think that with a 120 Hz or 144 Hz monitor you'd be fine, but again, since it's exported to 60 Hz you're in the same boat.
But the judge didn't believe me for some reason
Actually people totally do call slingshots catapults, look into aircraft catapults.
I'm definitely over 100.
If it ever becomes useful to have an impact weapon it does a ton of damage. It's just that Galatine Prime also does a ton of damage while being slash which is way more useful.
And also earned half of their current season total of overtime and shootout wins during said homestand.
I'm frankly kind of upset that this is close
Who would have fuckin thought?
What a fucking moronic way to give up a two goal lead.
Do you really want a 2 minute 5 on 3 if this doesn't get overturned? Too risky in my books.
It should be noted that it's totally legal to have an LHP and an RHP (or any two pitchers) on the field at the same time and have one of them play first base or something, you can switch them between any at bat or even any pitch as long as you don't swap pitchers more than once per batter. Imagine having your left-handed curveball guy start the at bat, get it to a 1-2 count, and then bringing in the right-handed fireballer to strike him out with high heat. Imagine doing that every single at bat. That seems like it could almost be worth the defensive and offensive issues of having to put two pitchers in your lineup.
Earth's rotational axis is tilted 23.5 degrees off of the axis perpendicular to the plane of its orbit around the sun
Alright here's an attempt to get some somewhat accurate albeit still rather pointless math on the subject.

Laine is responsible for 43 of the Jets' 247 goals or 17.41%, Ovechkin is responsible for 45 of the Caps' 237 goals or 18.99%. 

For the amount of goals expected in each game I'm just going to split the difference between the Jets/Caps GF/GP and the opposing team's GA/GP, there's possibly a more scientific way to do this but this should be a pretty good estimation.

That means the expected goals scored for each game are as follows:

WPG:  
vs. BOS 2.91  
vs. CHI 3.18  
vs. TOR 3.06  
vs. OTT 3.37  
vs. MTL 3.20  
vs. CGY 3.13  
vs. CHI 3.18  
**TOTAL 22.03**

WSH:  
vs. NYR 3.14  
vs. CAR 3.12  
vs. PIT 3.08  
vs. STL 2.87  
vs. NSH 2.80  
vs. NJD 3.04  
**TOTAL 18.05**

If we give Laine and Ovechkin their expected share of the goals, that means we should expect Laine to end the season with 46.84 goals and Ovechkin to end the season with 48.43 goals. That means Laine makes up about 0.4 of a goal on average due to remaining schedule, although that's really just due to the extra game. On a per-game basis Ovechkin is actually expected to score slightly more, 0.57 goals per game to Laine's 0.55.
Wouldn't goals against be a more useful stat to know how much they get scored on?
Wouldn't flat 5 on 5 points be a much better measure than a percentage-based solution? Scoring on the PP doesn't make you worse at 5 on 5. This really just says that McDavid has most of his eggs in the even strength basket, it's absurd to say that McDavid with 80 5 on 5 points is a more dominant 5 on 5 player than Gretzky with literally double that at 160.
Typical production guys getting high on glue fumes on the job
Pitch forward, stabilize with the rudder, increase thrust. It gets a little more complicated if your elevators are stalling but you seriously fucked up if that's happening.
Abe's entire angle is pretty much subtly and not so subtly promoting nationalism.
Somehow there are multiple people failing to realize that once you hit 82 points you're guaranteed at least 1.0 PPG no matter how many games are left.
It doesn't work that way, you can't just say you won't even though you just did.
Yeah, that's a good point, you can't really afford to put on much forecheck pressure in 3 on 3.
I agree, there's no reason you can't just play 3 on 3 until someone scores. Wouldn't take more than 10 minutes in the vast majority of cases, and hey maybe everyone once in a while they play 30 minutes of OT but it would be rare enough to be fun.
Wish it didn't have to come to a shootout but I'll take the W thank you
Two chances to win it
The shootout is about as definitive as a coin flip, hope we get a playoff series so we can play some proper overtime
Certainly don't have anything bad to say about our effort
Imagine if this was a playoff game and there was god knows how much hockey to come.

Sounds amazing.
Can Kyle Connor do it again?
Now's not the time for lazy D boys
I love our PK, really gives us the edge in games like this one
Maybe you could shorten them instead? Maybe 80 seconds of 4 on 3. Any penalty minutes that spill into OT would be reduced to two thirds their duration.
Minotaur uses a turret and gun design that was actually mounted on the [Tiger-class cruisers](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger-class_cruiser). They were actually capable of 15-20 rounds per minute.

Furthermore the Minotaur design is an actual Royal Navy design, not an imitation of Worcester as you suggest.
It's definitely happened on the east coast, especially with PP.
Montana's secondary turrets have 60 mm of plating which you can't see in the armor viewer for some reason but it makes them immune to non-battleship HE.
It depends how dangerous the cap is since it takes quite a bit of extra time to reverse in. Smaller more central caps especially with island cover for radar cruisers are particularly dangerous and it might be smart to back in.
I mean, it makes sense. If you want to upload actual porn on the internet there are plenty of places to do that, if you want to upload PG13 shit YouTube is mostly fine, but there's a niche to be filled for potentially mature but not pornographic content. Like, hey, want to work some nudity into your production, whatever don't worry about it. Just no hate speech, no felonies, and no straight up pornography, otherwise anything goes. YouTube for grown-ups.
I wouldn't call the changes made so far drastic but if the extra innings stuff that's being thrown around makes it to the majors I and many others will be pissed.
Good god she's so cute
There's line of sight calculations that have to take place to decide if the object gets culled or not but they're pretty insignificant in the grand scheme of the render cycle.
There are plenty of stories of sympathizers in positions of power using their power to fight against the Nazis and the Holocaust in smaller ways than mass revolt. How many such sympathizers were stirred to action by her story?
Jupiter days?
Multi-role planes seem to be both somewhat historical and potentially interesting mechanically.
I think the reason that works fine in baseball or basketball is because the game doesn't change at all in overtime. They just keep playing until somebody wins. Both 3 on 3 and the shootout are very different things than the first 60 minutes of a hockey game, it feels kind of wrong to award the full value of winning a game of hockey to one team over another just because they won a shootout which usually comes down to just four players a team.
There was like one track that I liked on it and even then I have no recollection of what that track was named or what it sounded like.
Technically not an allergy if we're being pedantic
IT'S A LITERAL METER OF FOOD!
Somebody was in queue for longer than 5 minutes so the 5 of a ship type cap was deactivated. This happened because nobody plays CVs so let's make them boring and nerf them. Guess I'm saying I don't exactly follow your logic?
I was pretty happy with this right until our hypothetical exit
The first shot is of the same turrets on De Grasse, on Richelieu they turn much much faster.
Yes, at least in some states. [Felony charges were laid in the recent swatting fatality](https://www.cnn.com/2018/01/03/us/kansas-police-shooting-swatting/index.html). [Here's the Kansas statute in question in that case](https://law.justia.com/codes/kansas/2014/chapter-21/article-62/section-21-6207/). Although felony murder laws do vary from state to state, in some specific felonies are excluded from felony murder, while other states have an inclusive list. In Kansas for example, felony murder only applies in an "inherently dangerous felony", which are defined in [K.S.A. 21-3436](https://law.justia.com/codes/kansas/2009/chapter21/statutes_11800.html). The false alarm charges laid do not qualify.
Both the quality of police training and the state of police culture in pretty much the entirety of the U.S. is absolutely sickening and it's shocking to me that it seemingly isn't considered that big of a problem by most.
Since felony murder exists as long as swatting is a felony they don't really have to prove shit. If you commit a felony and someone dies in the process of or as a result of you committing that felony, you're on the hook for murder, end of story.
I totally disagree with this wave of CV hate that's been going on, I will agree that AP DBs are pretty stupid in how arbitrary it feels in terms of whether they nuke you or tickle you, but that's probably my biggest issue with CVs right now other than the lack of people playing them making AA builds somewhat dubious.

Let me spell it out, there is always counterplay to CV strikes. Oftentimes that means buddying up with an AA cruiser. It can also mean paying attention to the map in order to maneuver before you're in the middle of being struck. If you just ignore the CV and play like you always do, you will get dev struck, same as if you ignore a battleship and don't bother to angle against them.

The biggest issue, like I said, is the lack of CV players. People never learn how to fight against CVs because they don't have to. They get dev struck by torps so they learn to be aware of DD positions, they get dev struck by BB AP so they learn to be angled or avoid BB fire. They get burned down by cruisers so they learn to manage their Damage Control cooldown and stay on the move. But even if you just potato and ignore CVs, you'll probably only die to them one game in twenty because there are so few.

If you simply do the two things I suggest, buddy up with an AA cruiser and watch the minimap for early warning of strikes, you become an almost impossible target for CVs. The one thing I will say is that CVs are perhaps a touch too strong at killing DDs, especially Midway and Hakuryu, although usually with smart use of smoke and appropriate maneuvering you can live through a drop. Like I said though, you need to pay attention to the minimap, smoking up as you're getting dropped is useless, using smoke before you get dropped to hide your position and speed on the other hand makes you a very difficult target.
This seems like a "he could probably be playing tomorrow with some painkillers if he had to but these games don't mean much so go ahead and take the week off" type of scenario, we only really need a few more points to scrape together second in the central in all likelihood. Shame about the Rocket Richard race, but whatcha gonna do?
Only highest tier ships are balanced in numbers, in this game for example there are 3 T10 cruisers and 2 T10 destroyers per side. The other ships can be in any combination although it tries to balance them somewhat evenly if possible, divisions or odd numbers can thwart this however.

There's no balancing mechanic for radar which is somewhat annoying considering how essential it is in the domination game mode.
What happened to "America first" you spineless cowards?
There are a lot of kind of bad metal covers that you can at least appreciate because they go for it
Bigger is better I guess? Which ironically is the opposite of what the body of the post says.
Ain't lousy right now!
It's a Rand Paul original, what did you expect?
Go Jets!
There's no way this isn't a bit
Looking forward to whatever 11 year old is going to tear shit up with 07 on his back.
Man second basemen kind of suck right now
Pool's closed due to AIDS
Yes, I've been waiting for true four man outfields, it was just a matter of time.
They're worried he's going to have to miss a game whenever there's a full moon since he's going to turn into an ape man.
The good news is that the best case scenario is probably also the most likely scenario, that bad news is that if there's any tendon or ligament damage he's going to miss an absolutely critical chunk of time.
Well, I'd wait for the MRI to have strong feelings one way or another
For my money he's probably going to be okay, he didn't need help getting off the ice until after he gave it some time to swell up, and if there was any structural damage to his ankle that probably wouldn't be the case. That said there's more than one way to fuck up your ankle and in some cases a skate can act as a splint and let a guy move around on an injury he couldn't normally so nothing is certain.
Great pass, great shot, great game for Connor.
Oh boy that's as close as they come
PoMo has been annoyingly obstinate on this issue
There's a particular number of minutes I think Byfuglien should get in this OT, and it's zero.
Going into this game I'd tell you I'd take one point since we've got a little bit of a cushion but I'll be quite upset at this point if we have to settle for one.
This has been the best period we've played all year and but we just can't score
Fucking hell that had the back of the net written all over it, good shot Stas
We've absolutely locked down the neutral zone but we just can't seem to turn the resulting offensive possession into scoring.
The net was wide open on that rebound, fuck
Ehlers needs a goal he's had so many great chances
Easiest PK of my life
The good news is that I have the utmost faith in our PK.
I politely disagree with that penalty
That's what they call drawing a penalty right there, good move in draws a trip.
How do we not score on one of those chances holy fuck
I mean nothing is shaped like a gator tiddy gators don't have tiddys only mammals do
But it is the one people complain about the most
I get the idea behind it but this seems remarkably excessive. Why not start by banning pot smoking everywhere tobacco smoking is banned considering that seems to work well enough? I understand why you'd want to avoid second hand marijuana smoke, but surely it's not really any different than tobacco smoke?
My number one choice would be to redesign the entire RN line with no super heal and less powerful HE (more in line with the French BBs, sometimes useful but AP should usually be loaded). Give them decks that can resist HE better than what they have now to make up for the loss of the super heal, change the short-fuse AP to normal AP. Basically just make them normal-ass battleships.
It's almost exactly at the waterline, identical in height to North Carolina/Alabama/Iowa/Missouri. The thicker belt definitely helps it though, only Yamato, Musashi, and République can really reliably pen its belt once you get out of 12 km range or so.
I'm just trying to imagine how you play DDs that you spend so much time shooting at CA bows that IFHE is somehow worth it. I have to imagine it ends in a lot of early deaths.
IMO superintendent is pretty much mandatory on BBs. An extra heal is one of the biggest things for your survivability, running out of heals is very painful as it makes fires go from not that big of a deal to a critical threat. Having that extra HP late game is often the difference between being an easy target and a threat that can't easily be dealt with.
A lot of the key people from Harmonix are still doing pretty well in the games industry so I kind of doubt it
Exactly what it looks like
How dare you, Dennis Eckersley is a treasure
There is nothing to be gained from the meme dark ages
Yeah no thanks bud
I like the look of this but I'm not sure I agree with it.
I think I might be way into that?
I like tier 10 a lot because it feels like just about all tier 10s are capable of carrying any given game. Obviously the flip side of that is that you're playing against the same sort of explosive and game-changing ships and things can go bad in a hurry if you aren't smart. I think tier 6 or 7 is generally a lot more chill if you just want to relax and have an okay game without stressing too much about your positioning.
There's a mindbogglingly easy solution to this problem, and that's to pay them enough that you don't have to worry about violating minimum wage laws even with a few extra hours tacked on here and there. Unthinkable right?
Let's go Tunisia, the most democratic of those countries.
Every Edmonton post deserves a burn as good as this one.
God this just makes Boston look so ugly, especially with Seguin not having failed to make 70 points since his time in Dallas begun. They couldn't figure out how to reign in a young star and they blamed it on the young star. At least they've got rid of Chiarelli.
The Khabarovsk armor belt is an HE magnet.
Bombs were clapped, moms were fucked
Mods!
Dallas not exactly looking like they have an extra attacker with how much time the puck has spent in the neutral zone
En echelon main battery turrets? Basically a low-tier.
Also we lowered HE pen of all CA-caliber shells to caliber/7 for balancing purposes.
Laws against creation and distribution of child pornography applying to teen sexting is a bit weird, obviously a judge is going to hammer a real creep a lot harder than just some dumb teens, but they're both violating the same piece of code.
I usually carry about $100 in cash as a worst case scenario hotel/cab ride/meal fund but I've never considered that kind of scenario. Worth thinking about, although I don't exactly live in hurricane land.
From the title I thought this was a sovcit landlord and I got really excited.
Any plan that includes "and then we'll run away real fast so we don't get crushed" gets my approval.
Well, nothing about Belfast's "combat characteristics are more suited for tier 7" considering that it's basically a T8 ship in all ways except its actual tier. The reason they left the tier 8 upgrade with Belfast is to keep it in line with Edinburgh, which I don't immediately hate the reasoning of, the problem is they didn't actually do anything else to make it a tier 7 ship either. Belfast would still be good at tier 8, just not game-breakingly so like it is now.

I'm not sure why you would give Z-39 access to the tier 8 upgrade slot in tier 7 either though, concealment is a problem for pretty much every tier 7 DD since they get both outspotted and outfought by T8s and T9s. Now Z-39 will do that to other DDs too. Is that smart design? One of the mitigating factors of the German DD's hydro is their slightly worse concealment, now instead Z-39 will be able to outspot other DDs and also hydro them. I guess the question is what does it give up to get that?
Those are pretty strange ways to spell Florida lilly and Frietza.
None of the premium DDs are really that good of torp boats.
It's not a ridiculous team discount or anything but it's definitely below market value. One of the perks of having an organization that seems to have a good reputation with the players is that you get to make more deals like this.
I've lost count how many times I've been checking scores and seen that Nashville is tied, thinking to myself maybe they'll actually drop a game for a change of pace, and then I check back like 10 minutes later and they're up.
It's not but it has ever been slowly getting better.
Newer Xbox One controllers are Bluetooth and I think you can get them to work.
I agree with Steve, there would be no reason to use Fleeting Expertise, you'd just dump Primed Streamline on everything and call it a day.
Just going off of what I feel like I've seen it seems that most of those extra penalties are coming from stick infractions. We haven't been too bad in terms of the discipline penalties.
I don't mind paper ships too much, especially when they were actually realistically intended to be built like Montana for example. The Soviet project ships on the other hand, some of them are more realistic than others. Cobbled-together WG originals I don't like so much for the most part, although there are still some such ships that I like just fine.
There's not a lot of good judgement in this video
You can actually sit in the middle of the wall at JetBlue.
I have a suggestion for the lovely members of this subreddit. If you happen to attend any Minor League Baseball games that go to extra innings, boo the shit out of the guy running out to second. Make your feelings clear.
I think that's actually the flag they give you when you become a citizen
Is it too much to ask for every arena to have high speed high resolution cameras with synced timestamps from opposing angles on each blue line? This seems like a really dumb problem to have.

Also getting a bench minor for an inconlusive review is BS, if you don't have enough evidence to say one way or the other then why do you have enough evidence to dish out a penalty? In a situation like this the coach could have seen that it was offside as clear as day and he'd still get punished with a penalty. That's stupid.
The worst part is that when you shoot there's no lag compensation, meaning that if you shoot during a 500 ms lag spike your shells will end up 500 ms behind your target
Got all of the excitement out of the way too early, this one's been about as gripping as an episode of The Big Bang Theory since then.
Laine got the puck off before the contact
What a fucking beautiful odd man rush, that's what we've been missing.
Dirt fuckin' nasty
But what if Laine is scoring a goal and half a game and the rest of the team is also scoring
Jets getting a lot of practice on the PK lately before the playoffs. That's some 5d chess right there.
Trouba back in the lineup and we've got all of this scoring, hopefully this represents a break from the other than Laine team-wide scoring slump.
Don't you dare piss these boys off
Suck a dick refs
If a call stands due to "inconclusive evidence" why is there still a bench minor anyway, shouldn't that logically only apply when the call is confirmed?
5 fucking minutes and they can't get it right. Thanks NHL for giving the Hawks 1 and a quarter or so goals for free.
And, you know, the bite wounds
[It's so good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKVd6hs1L88)
For like 2 tournaments but it was glorious
Praise Cleveland
By far the most egregious thing about Graf Zeppelin is the autodrop and forget DBs. AP DBs already have less counterplay than TBs for the amount of alpha they have, so might as well increase the size of their target list and remove the counterplay altogether. A+ game design as always, the CV team is really nailing it.
Gearing. People complain about the torp "downgrade", but you only lose just 1133 damage. The reload is a bigger factor, going from 106 to 136, but in my opinion it's actually a worthwhile trade for the range. Gearing's torpedo range means it almost always has a target to torpedo even while going about cap contesting and DD-hunting duties. You may not be especially likely to hit your target at those sorts of ranges, but especially when you encounter clumped up enemies you can do  good  damage where other DDs would  be doing no damage. Fletcher's torpedoes are certainly better for focusing down a single battleship, but a DD's job should be more than that and Gearing is better at that multitasking.

The other weakness of Gearing is its size, it sits high out of the water and has quite the long beam, and when I first got the Gearing I really felt the pain of this, but as I got better at the Gearing and just DDs overall I've learned to be a lot better at always having an escape route if it's possible for me to be spotted, especially in early game caps where there are likely to be radars that haven't been spotted yet. It's still a weakness but it's rare enough that I take any extended fire from CAs or BBs that it's not a weakness I particularly notice.

And obviously what you pick the Gearing for is the guns, and as small sidepoint to that the 21 mm "armor belt" that's immune to most almost all DD HE. The guns on the Gearing are great, only being out-DPMed in DDs by Khaba which hardly even counts as a DD. Between these factors you can pretty much hunt down and kill any DD, and you can easily outspot the one that you can't. RPF is great for this and I definitely recommend it for the Gearing. It's also relatively good at smoke firing, although it has limited range and its firing arcs are very high near its maximum range, and the fire chance is low like with all USN DDs as well, so it is fairly situational. Often times there's something more useful to do than to smoke up and farm a battleship.

But the Gearing is probably my favorite DD in the game. It's tough to play properly but quite capable in the right hands and a ton of fun when it all works.
US or Pan-Asian are both jack-of-all-trades  lines that can do everything to some extent, at least once you get to the higher tiers. I'd recommend either as a first DD line to go down.
Man do I strongly dislike all of those map changes.
This change in particular really sucks. Sleeping Giant isn't perfect but the interactions between B and C were really interesting with the limited ability to shoot and travel between them. Now the entire middle of the map might as well not exist.
Who would have thought you would be able to play as a Galaxy-class cruiser in WoWS?
Have you ever heard of the Apollo program?
I fire HE decently often with République, the good fire chance plus fire rate makes it quite useful against Yamatos parked bow-in and such, and because of that good fire rate it seems to be a lot less punishing to switch to HE since you don't have to commit as much time to do so. You can switch to HE, start a fire on a parked BB, switch back to AP and shoot at another target, and then if they use Damage Control Party you can easily start another fire. It makes sense in terms of République's playstyle as a cruiser who ate too many baguettes. I agree 100% on the other French BBs though, HE has quite limited use.
I know I'm too late, but at tier 6 you get the choice between 12 low caliber guns (New Mexico, Fuso, Normandie) and 8 high-caliber guns (Bayern, Warspite, Queen Elizabeth, Mutsu). Except for Dunkerque, which gets 8 low-caliber guns. You can't overmatch shit, you don't have the damage potential of the 12-gun BBs, and most of the BBs at your tier and nearly all above it can shoot straight through your bow largely mitigating the benefit of your turret layout.
You're talking about realism in a game where you can sink a battleship by shooting 5" HE shells at its superstructure.
Any time you shoot AP at plating that you don't overmatch at an angle greater than 45 degrees it has a chance to bounce, which progresses up to 100% at 60 degrees. Shells that bounce do no damage. If you see a bounce and a citadel it means you actually scored two main battery bits, one bounce and one citadel penetration, as citadel ribbons are displayed instead of main battery hit ribbons rather than in addition to them. If you score one hit that citadels only the citadel ribbon will be displayed.
Inside torp range Des Moines does as much damage per salvo to a Zao as any BB does for sure, except with a 5.5 second reload.
Arcane spellcasters should have 5 d4s for Magic Missile. I have a gigantic bucket full of dice I bought in bulk so I'm not too worried about it personally.
Would have been a way better picture if the baby was sucking on a beer bottle
Too many people rush into university. Taking a few years to grow up a bit goes a long way.
The smart bet is probably on the under but he could definitely pull it off.
How about he scores one but we get 3 more from other lines and we win 4-2 or something.
Hopefully this Prime operator suit takes colors better than the last Prime operator suit.
Same as a first cousin in terms of shared DNA.
I put a fork bomb in the startup folder one time because that seemed like a funny thing to do.
They could make the funnel rotate, as you said they do exactly that with rangefinders, the part that requires additional code work is making the smoke that comes out of the funnel rotate with it. Is that a very difficult task? Probably not, but it's probably far from a trivial one either and it's fairly low on the priority list. 
Royal Navy cruisers are just such food for Des Moines it's beautiful. The angles that you can citadel them at with the USN AP are pretty insane, so if you pop radar on them you can almost always spam them to death with citadels before they can do anything about it. And if you ever try to torp you, good luck with that.
The theory is that over a big enough sample size it shouldn't matter, and considering that you eliminate some of the biases of zone-based metrics that might be worthwhile. The downside is that it's probably even less consistent than zone-based metrics on a year to year basis.
Teams sometimes give raises to pre-arb players just as a good will thing. The Red Sox payed Mookie $1,000,000 in 2017 for example.
They slowly update the models. Des Moines for example got a fresh new model at some point and it looks quite good now.
If the game is behaving in a way they don't expect it to that could be causing problems, it's worth trying to figure out exactly what's going on. If they fix it and want to make below-waterline penetrations easier to achieve they can always have variables they can play with to get the intended effect rather than relying on what might be a bug to provide that effect.
5 second reload with 12 guns is 144 RPM compared to Minotaur's 3.2 second reload and 10 guns for 187.5 RPM. That's a 30% advantage to Minotaur in terms of raw volume of fire. As far as I can tell they used near-identical shells as well. I'm not sure how they're going to balance that, maybe a reload buff like you said, maybe the ship is better in other ways that make that unnecessary.
Another member of the list of players I used to kind of like but can't anymore.
The U.S. also invaded Panama after it got McDonalds
Byfuglien is not good at OT
Can't blame Trump, he's just trying to stay on-brand
Rare footage of Laine taking a shot that doesn't hit the back of the net. Save it, it's going to be a collector's item some day.
Worse... or better?

Okay worse.
They're just acknowledging his skill at miraculously getting away with his dirty bullshit. 
Oh good call, I hadn't thought about that. That makes sense, it's just your vertical perspective is so limited with the spotter plane so it's a lot more jarring, and also due to the camera angle it takes a lot more mouse movement to fix it.

It might be worth having a setting to have the zoom depth adjust based on your target lock rather than your crosshair placement, although you can also just be mindful to place your crosshair over your target before you press shift.
He might have thick skin but he doesn't have thick tendons
This reminds me of another camera-related issue where occasionally when using a spotter plane zooming in will aim the camera at max range past where you're aiming.
Might be worth a shot considering how the designers are doing
There is a small handful of games that have issues with being upscaled but the vast majority are fine.
Hey Ontario PCs, you guys aren't so big on learning from past mistakes huh.
USN cruisers have always been the exception, although even they have trouble if the Hindenburg is angled a bit.
The whole "municipal governments compete to see who gets to have their money siphoned out of them by Amazon" was a real telling tale of the world we live in
I guess we're just assuming one of their turrets is broken?
Except your targets are 3 CAs with Defensive Fire, a full AA build Montana, and a couple of DDs also with Defensive Fire. Good luck striking lol.
Ironically the type of heavy-duty editing work you might buy a Mac Pro for is one of the only things you might need a really large amount of RAM for.
That's why real mean of culture only fuck with hentai
He never thought he was going to leave but GameBomb.ru gave him an offer he couldn't refuse.
I kind of hope Ghost Rider makes it in
If you scan a Sheik amiibo you can also get [Sheik's Mask](http://oyster.ignimgs.com/mediawiki/apis.ign.com/the-legend-of-zelda-hd/thumb/d/d0/SheikMask.png/468px-SheikMask.png)
Her clothes are though
Not just the weekend but the weekend with a torpedo mission. Even better!
Every time I read about this game I feel like I forgot that it existed.
Fuck dude you won't believe this one but the there's actually footage of the Blinking White Guy and the Taco Bell Wedding guy playing the entire Metal Gear Solid series together on the internet.
If you only look at shots the Jets are a .500 team. There's a lot more to it than that.
They get paid just for dressing, although I'm not sure how much.
I make a point of confirming as many Canadian stereotypes as possible in these /r/hockey game day threads.
Apparently you can pin a guy without the puck against the boards, who knew eh?
That's not much of a goal but I suppose they all count the same
Fuck is that ever a big goal for us
If he just called it Humanitoba nobody would have even noticed
Players with soft lips are the new market inefficiency. Take note GMs.
👌
Sort of, although it's not usually worth what you trade for it. On 203 mm guns you can penetrate 43 mm which gets you past the decks of the high-tier US battleships (37 or 38 mm). That's about it though. On the 220 mm guns of Moskva you can penetrate 47 mm with IFHE which doesn't get you past any further meaningful breakpoints. The 240 mm guns of Henri IV can pen the 37 or 38 mm decks of USN BBs stock, but IFHE allows them to penetrate 51 mm including the 50 mm decks found on higher tier German BBs but not the 58 mm deck of Yamato and Musashi. Whether that's worth 4 commander points and -3% fire chance is questionable, I wouldn't go for it personally, but an IFHE Henri IV can rightly fuck a Kurfürst which is covered in 50 mm and otherwise very resistant to cruiser HE.
I was going to do this in a CV but they specify ship torpedoes. Ugh. At least 4 isn't too many.
Ah, that's a good point, they would have to individually negotiate rights with players who aren't part of the MLBPA and that's never going to happen. Kind of a shame.
A minor league revamp would be pretty cool if you could make it comprehensive enough. Short-season A, A, A+, the Arizona Fall League, make it a bit harder to advance through the minors. Maybe get like the top 30 prospects or so for every organization actually in the minor leagues instead of José Matsuzaka and Greg Gregorius. It could be cool.
Yes, vWii has a few frames of additional lag over a normal Wii, this is the same lag you see when you play Melee on Wii U.
République is definitely a bit on the crap side from what I've played of it. I've found that the gun performance is alright though. The biggest problem with the guns is the overpens on cruisers, broadside Minotaurs for example that would be easy devastating strikes for other battleships are usually 4k volleys for République. Its AP penetrates very well though and has no problem citadelling Yamato or Montana even at some range. 

The biggest problem with the ship is simply how much damage it takes. You're forced to occupy more flanking positions and fear ships like Des Moines simply due to how quickly they can eviscerate your HP pool. It also has a gigantic superstructure where it can easily be penned by destroyer HE or any AP, meaning that it's really not tanky against anything, despite having the armor belt with the most effective thickness in the game.

Right now its stats aren't too far out of line with the other T10 BBs, which is an ill omen considering that it's only currently being played by people who had FXP banked for it or who have grinded a lot for it. Once the more casual audience starts to get their hands on it I expect it will quickly fall into last in most stats.

A buff I would think about giving it would be a reinforced deck, 37 mm or so would suffice. The large superstructure would still leave it quite vulnerable to HE, but it wouldn't be such a critical world-ending vulnerability as it is now, and maybe it could pretend to be a real battleship once in a while and actually tank a little bit of damage instead of being forced to flee whenever a cruiser glances at it. I would also look into shortening the fuse time on the AP, not to like Royal Navy levels or anything, but maybe to something like 0.025 instead of the typical 0.033 to mitigate the overpens a bit. Maybe that's too strong, but surely there is a number that can be balanced. Right now République is extremely deficient at punishing broadside cruisers which makes it deeply unsatisfying to play.
Spotting is the most flagrant thing that isn't properly rewarded.
Is it weird that I feel like I get a pretty good idea of the kinks of the person who made this just from looking at it
13.7 without 11.5 with.
I find manual AA is a pain to micromanage on CVs so I usually end up taking it anyway.
On the T8-10 USN BBs I personally don't value FP/BoS as highly as a lot of people do as I find that those BBs are best played with a fairly mobile playstyle and thus they're going to have less issues with fires in general. Don't get me wrong, they are good picks by any measure and probably going to be a decent bit more useful on average than AA skills, but I personally like to run AFT+BFT so that I can be that strong dedicated AA ship to shield teammates when a CV does pop up. Plus they make your secondaries better, which isn't that big of a deal since the secondaries range from pretty bad on most of the USN BBs to pretty okay on Montana, but a fire or two from secondaries can make the difference in a battleship standoff so it's not nothing. Again, all that said, there's nothing wrong with BoS+FP and with the high tier CV climate what it is BoS+FP is definitely the stronger pick overall, but I feel like it's much less essential than it is on Kurfürst for example, and if you want to run an AA build you totally can.
It depends a lot on the ship. My Montana is probably my best ship, and I try to do around 150k damage in it to feel good about the game, although I wouldn't say I'm dissatisfied doing 100k. Anything less than that though and it feels like I didn't really do much, although if I did a lot of damage to DDs or most of my damage to cruisers I can be pretty happy with 100k or potentially even less. In my Gearing though, I don't really look at damage much as most of that comes from torpedo hits which sometimes you'll get the opportunity to land, sometimes you won't, they aren't really worth hunting in the Domination game mode. I consider DD kills, caps, and even spotting to some extent to be much more important in determining success. I do try to look at objective play in other ships too, you can do 180k in a BB and feel like you didn't do anything special if you're just farming BBs and not really contributing. Damage that's used to project your influence on the map and to keep the enemy from advancing is a lot more important than just typical farm damage, even if the number is smaller.
Ditch the traditional water cooling loop for point to point water cooling, out of the tap into the drain. You don't need a radiator since you get nice cold water straight from the tap. 
With a sloped 409 mm armor belt. That's actually part of why Monty never needs to go bow in, with such a thick armor belt and its good firing angles you can get 12 guns on target while still being almost immune to getting your belt penetrated. It gets 4 guns on target at 33 degrees off of bow, giving its 409 mm 16 degree sloped armor belt an effective thickness of 781 mm. When you consider that there's also a substantial bounce chance at such an angle as bounces start at 45 degrees and reach 100% chance at 60 degrees, and Montana can angle 57 degrees with 4 turrets on target, you see that even while threatening its full broadside Montana can become effectively immune to belt penetrations.
There are a lot of great small touches too. Every port has different music, and they all switch to a low-key version of the track when you're in the profile menu.
We order everything else from big end to small end so why not dates? You would never say 3 inches, 4 feet. ISO 8601 makes sense.
It is very cathartic for me to watch a broadside Conqueror get double-citadeled.
Assuming the Conqueror model hasn't changed, [which it hasn't](https://gamemodels3d.com/games/worldofwarships/changelog/), a change to how shells travel through the water seems like by far the most likely culprit. It could also be why supertesters didn't discover shells getting under the French BBs' armor belts, because maybe before 7.2.0 they couldn't.
The problem is right now going to overtime is the mutual best interest for both teams as long as they don't care about their opponent's points since you go from 1 point on average for a regulation finish to 1.5 for OT. If you took away a point just for going to OT then instead of seeing both teams playing lame duck hockey in the last 5 minutes of a tie game it'll be some intense shit as both teams try to get all three points. Not to mention that I don't think NHL OT as it currently exists does a great job of deciding who the better hockey team is, it's a much more limited skill set and limited set of players on display, and thus I think the reward should be limited as well.
I mean, it makes a lot of sense. You go through your life until you graduate high school pretty much always being told what to do, and then all of the sudden you're an adult trying to figure out what the fuck to do with your life and you don't have any damn money. 

The military kind of acts as a stop-gap for a lot of people to keep them from having to worry about what the fuck they're doing with their life, and while they may still not know when they get out at least they'll have some money while they figure it out so they don't have to force themself into some dead-end job and waste their life.
With the Colorado's HP buff it's gone from the stinker of the line to pretty okay. 21 knots is definitely most painful at tier 7 when you're fighting ships like Iowa with some regularity, but it has a fairly thick armor belt and high caliber for its tier, and with the buffed heal it can punch up against higher tiers okay as long as you're smart about positioning. The dispersion is a bit painful compared to either the 12 gun broadside of New Mexico or the laser-guided sniper rifles of North Carolina, but it's tanky enough to handle close ranges to make use of the otherwise great guns, the only problem is getting there while going two thirds the speed of everyone else.
There's also another reason that clans pick Montan in Clan Battles, and that's her superb ability to destroy cruisers. Yamato or Conqueror are both better at whittling down battleships for sure, but Montana with her accurate 12 gun salvo and lower shell velocity to mitigate overpens is the best at killing cruisers and probably destroyers as well. In the Clan Battles format that's exactly what you need since you'll only have one BB to fight against.
Yes it is very surprising that an 8 inch shell can penetrate a 14 inch armor belt at 14 km. How is that not surprising?
Ensign Crusher, set a course to intercept the enemy fighters, warp 9.
I'll try scoring, that's a good trick!
Counts on the score sheet!
Single mom seeking Finnish teen who's dtf
Pretty damn solid 5 on 6.
How are our scientists doing on that adamantium skeleton for Scheifele anyway?
Could have ended their stupid little streak too
You just can't give this kid a shooting lane in front of the net. Seems like he'll do that every single time.
The Jets have often been on the wrong side of the giveaway/takeaway numbers but that hasn't seemed to be the case tonight
Bruh that's the most American thing possible, America was formed by European immigrants
No one pronounces lion with 3 syllables, how would that even work?
The other T6 BBs are New Mexico, Fuso, Warspite, Bayern, Normandie, Arizona, Queen Elizabeth, & Mutsu, and those are all pretty strong. I don't think I would put Dunkerque above any of them.
The fewer shells you have per volley the more natural variance you're going to feel just due to the normal RNG.
They citadel battleships very effectively. Cruisers... not so much. Lots of overpens though.
If you placed the entirety of the League of Arab States in Europe they would still be a minority.
Shimakaze+Zao+Yamato vs. Gearing+Des Moines+Montana, good luck getting those caps IJN. IJN would have a big advantage over USN in open water though, so maybe it would balance out.
Good to see they're sending the best
Montana's best range is anywhere inside about 15 km, its think armor belt in combination with its good turret angles means you can shrug off most AP hits even at close range, and although a bit more of its deck is vulnerable to cruiser HE than Yamato or Kurfürst it has a mobility advantage over either ship that allows it to avoid getting spammed down too easily.

One of my biggest pieces of advice is to keep moving when facing off against multiple targets. If you sit still or reverse you will be an easy target for focus fire and you'll have a tough time escaping it. If you keep moving you can always turn to kite away to safety where you can use some of your Repair Parties. Do be careful when you turn away not to eat too much AP into your broadside though, giving broadside isn't the death sentence it once was but you can easily eat 40k salvos from foes with good aim and a bit of luck. Try to begin moving your rudder before one volley even hits you, that way you're turning immediately and can get the whole turn off without getting shot again.

What Montana does better than any other ship is destroy cruisers. It has 12 guns with lower shell velocity so they won't overpen much, and they're more accurate than all of its T10 rivals except Yamato. Seek out those citadels as best you can. It doesn't have the universal penetration ability of Yamato though, so against BBs, especially angled ones, you might have to go for superstructure or upper-belt pens depending on the range or angle, and if all you have to shoot at is a bow-in BB, you might even want to load HE.
This is an effect I suspect of player development improving in the analytics era. Minor league development is doing  a good enough job that by the time players are hitting the majors, they don't have much left to learn anymore.
Fuck the Preds
Usually the commentators want to show a replay or talk about the goal. If you just immediately cut to break after a goal it would be pretty weird.
The spaced armor means as well that a shell could hit at the waterline but continue plunging before it gets to the armor belt

I expect WG to resolve it by placing a horizontal plate between the bottom of the armor belt and the outside plating as that would bounce any shells that would otherwise squeak under.
PM doesn't do anything about your turrets being destroyed, it only helps with incapacitations. Main Armaments Mod 1 gives them 50% more HP though, so you were as protected against main battery destruction as you could be.
If I were in charge of a new Star Trek series one of the ground rules would be that the Federation is not involved in any large-scale war until at least season 5.
He's a good Ontario boy that one
I've been having a lot of fun with it, and while it's certainly a bit on the janky side I haven't run into anything I would class as a show-stopper. Compare to AAA release Fallout 4 that saw me using console commands just to be able to progress in the main quest after a progression-stopping bug, and it doesn't look so bad considering the small team. I do agree that it still feels like an Early Access game, and they don't really do a great job of communicating that before you buy it, but all said I'm quite satisfied with my purchase.

For whatever reason this game, Dragon's Dogma, and NieR: Automata all scratch a similar itch for me, and I think that's because they kind of feel like the continuation of games like Shadow of the Colossus. The world is big, but rather empty, but it doesn't try to indicate otherwise. There's a certain isolated feeling that comes from that that I'm rather fascinated by. Now part of that is just the low-budget nature of the work, but it has a certain charm to it.

There are definitely things that leave you wanting in Kingdom Come: Deliverance. The stealth system feels bolted on, mounted combat is clunky and ineffective, and your ability to interact with the world is perhaps a bit less than one might hope, but overall it's quite an impressive project that seems to have the right amount of ambition for its budget.
"Oh look, there are islands to cover me from the rest of the map"

*What they didn't realize is that the islands also covered the rest of the map from them*
💓 LainBAE 💓
The Zao is really strong when you place it on your weaker side. It can easily stay outside of its concealment range kiting the enemy push with its great speed, disappearing if it ever takes too much focus fire.

Most lineups also bring a Hindenburg or two, but Hindenburg is more of a direct fighter, you try to bring it to where you think the biggest fight is going to be because it takes damage and does damage well, but it's very slow and easy to spot, so you don't want it moving around the map if you can help it, and if it's ever in a situation where it's getting chased down by superior forces it will die sooner or later.
Actually Kingdom Hearts 2 weirdly enough
You don't have to prove the manufacturer equates "W" with Watt, you have to prove the consumer does, and considering that that's standard notation there's really nothing to prove. Even if it's the 23rd model of the 600 line it's still deceptive.
It's intentionally deceptive labelling, under most relevant statutes that's all that matters. There's no loophole of "actually you can put whatever you want in the name of the product as long as you also have the actual description somewhere in fine print".
Your supporting teammates have to get within 0.9 km to spot them, good luck with that.
Don't forget the Board of Labor, the ACLU, and the Postmaster General
These tariffs are monumentally stupid and you can explain why to a five-year-old.

Businesses aren't going to want to pay these tariffs. The 25% steel tariff is huge. So businesses moving steel from out of the U.S. have two options, source American steel or move their manufacturing out of the country. Now, the steel industry is obviously very old, and as you might imagine, the line of production that brings steel out of the ground and into a usable form is immense. We're not going to see steel production in the U.S. increase any time soon, that would take years, decades even. So, steel prices in the U.S. will climb, until it gets to about the same price as importing steel in spite of the tariffs. At this point steel in the U.S. is strictly 25% more than steel outside of the U.S.. So what are businesses going to do? They're going to move their manufacturing out of the U.S.. Factories that produce with steel are generally harder to move than for example a factory producing consumer electronics, but as we've seen from the auto industry production will move when the justification is there, and Trump has just given them a huge justification. A 25% bump on the cost of steel is enough to completely change the outlook of a business's financials.

TL;DR The only purpose this serves is to diminish already diminished American manufacturing, it will eliminate American jobs, and it will shrink the American economy. 
Alsace also has a slightly lower sigma value despite having "identical" guns
République sits extremely high in the water, and due to the heavily sloped armor belt in combination with the spaced armor the shells can actually follow along the slope of the armor belt and get under it, avoiding the turtleback armor entirely and punching straight into the lightly-armored citadel. Based on Radar X's post this is not intended, they could add a horizontal plate that could bounce such shells between the bottom of the armor belt and the outer spaced armor.

I could be totally off-base on this and it could just be another "armor hole" like the one that was effecting Yamato's turrets as well.
Change the balls back dammit
I'm definitely a lot more likely to spend money on a game when it feels like I don't have to.
Looks like a ship with turtleback that isn't displayed
Sims should mostly take care of their needs autonomously, but not too much more than that. I don't believe they'll ever bathe a dog autonomously, but they generally won't starve to death or anything if you just leave them to their own devices.
People think the Yamato's citadel is big now, Montana's was twice as big and easier to penetrate.
Considering I've never heard of this game it seems pretty rad
Rotational velocity produces rotational drag, but WG cannot into physics. IRL AP Mark 8 shells fired out of the 16"/50 Mark 7 gun actually out-penetrated even Yamato's own AP shells at very long ranges due to superior drag properties, but in-game they have the worst drag because somehow rotational velocity produces linear drag? Explain that one to me WG, I'm sure you guys took 11th grade physics. Draw a force diagram if you have to.

I don't hate it as a balancing measure I suppose, but WG has an odd habit of being overly nitpicky about historical accuracy to the detriment of game balance sometimes, and then completely ignoring it for no discernable reason other times.
The woke gamer has been laid to rest
Given the choice between the same amount of DPM and high alpha or or high fire rate, the alpha makes the more convincing argument, especially as far as battleships are concerned where you want enough alpha strike ability to punish cruiser turns. Sure, République has Montana-like DPM, but what makes the Montana's gunnery so strong is its ability to blap cruisers with 12 fairly accurate 16" shells. République, by taking a downgrade in that ability, what does it get? Worse protection, especially vs. cruiser HE, marginally better speed, similar accuracy, better HE I suppose. The only real advantage for République is penetration, which is useful, but it doesn't have the Yamato's 32 mm overmatch so while it can punish broadside battleships well it lacks the same potency against angled ones.

Don't get me wrong, I don't think République is horribly underpowered or anything, but it does seem a touch on the weak side, and right now it doesn't have a definitive niche. Montana is the better alpha striker, Yamato has better performance against angled targets, Kurfürst (or Montana or Yamato for that matter) is a much better static tank, it's HE is good but can't match the DPM of Conqueror. République seems like it's supposed to be a flanking battlecruiser-style ship, but what makes it better at that than Montana, Kurfürst or Conqueror? I'm not sure what the answer is. To be fair, I haven't tried the ship yet, and I get the feeling it might yet impress me, but as far as statistics are concerned, it lacks a clear edge over its contemporaries.
I believe you mean **REAL-TIME BEARD GROWTH TECHNOLOGY**
Shame they never made the Montana-class, could have upped those numbers to 71,000 tons and 12 16" guns to really show them who the boss is.
Mandatory: Priority Target/Preventative Maintenance/Direction Center for Catapult Aircraft (pick your favorite, definitely use PM if you go with Auxiliary Armaments Mod 1 instead of Main Battery Mod 1), Expert Marksmen, Adrenaline Rush, Superintendent, Concealment Expert.

That gets you to 12 points. With the remaining 7 choose some combination of the following:

Advanced Firing Training, Basic Firing Training, Manual Fire Control for AA Armament, Fire Prevention, Basics of Survivability, Vigilance

You could theoretically also drop one of Expert Marksman or Adrenaline Rush to go for a build with three four pointers maybe to go Concealment Expert+AFT+Manual AA. If that's the case I'd probably drop Expert Marksman over Adrenaline Rush. I don't recommend doing this, but it's an option.

AFT is always the AA skill you should go for first in my opinion, as it has the largest impact and makes other AA skills stronger. If you don't go for AFT I'd probably skip AA altogether and maybe go for a Fire Prevention + Basics of Survivability build.
I hope WG revisit the Gearing model.
Yeah, in CW the role of the BB is to hold a key position to keep it from being pushed. République is not especially good at that, it wants to be a mobile flanker that isn't taking too much fire. If it stops and parks it will die quite quickly to cruiser HE.
I'm don't understand why you're suggesting that I implied that the USN in 1945 could defeat the USN in 2018. Of course they couldn't, they couldn't stop a single attack aircraft from sinking as many ships as it has missiles. I'm suggesting that it has much fewer ships. Which it does. This makes sense because the USN is not fighting in the largest war ever waged in 2018, while it was in 1945, and additionally ships are larger on average and are capable of doing more on their own in 2018.
The penis is not the smart organ, wife, hand, fleshlight, is all the same to penis
Come on boys, I don't even want to give up a point to these clowns
I thought for sure we were going to get that goal right back just like the Preds did.
Are you kidding me they score on that fucking limpdick powerplay after a coach's challenge penalty? smh
Looks like he's spent the past 9 years in a forest.
Tactical Fleshlight
The US Navy had over 800 surface warships at the end of WWII compared to a bit over 100 today, not to mention the concentration of ships found in the Pacific Theatre, today the US Navy is scattered around the world and is unlikely to be concentrated in such force again considering the lack of potential for large-scale naval war at this point in time.
Does that 3 times the bursting charge figure come from [this page](http://www.navweaps.com/Weapons/WNGER_55_Gerat58.php)? Because it lists the bursting charge as 0.46 lbs. (1.0 kg). Obviously one of those numbers is not correct, and I suspect it's the figure in kilograms considering that the entire projectile has a mass of 2.0 kg. If we compare the 0.46 lbs figure to [the American 3" gun](http://www.navweaps.com/Weapons/WNUS_3-50_mk27-33-34.php) that gives it a smaller bursting charge.
The Missouri player is confused, he thinks he is playing Pokémon - gotta catch 'em all!
I'd also add to this that Fire Prevention and Basics of Survivability are very powerful on the Grosser Kurfuerst, it's a very large ship so you might think that it will get wrecked by HE spam, but much of the ship is covered in 50 mm plating so it actually takes quite little direct damage. If you also mitigate the effectiveness of fire, which it is rather vulnerable to, it is very tanky vs. HE. With Fire Prevention + Basics of Survivability + Damage Control Systems Mod 1 & 2 + India Yankee Flag, you take very little fire damage and very little direct HE damage, which is what makes Grosser Kurfuerst such an effective tank.
A lot of ships have rounded sterns that you can quite reliably pen the middle area of at closer ranges. Just yesterday I did 20k through the stern of an enemy Montana when I would have struggled to do that much to his superstructure which was probably taking half damage at that point.
419 mm Conqueror has 2.73 splash range compared to Montana's 2.46, Yamato's 2.79, or 420 mm Großer Kurfürst's 2.67. As another point of comparison, Zao's splash range is 0.86.

It's the biggest of the 12-gun BBs, although only by a small amount.
My personal recommendation for a BB is Alabama, it performs very well, the guns are accurate and have good penetration, the turret layout if comfortable, it's fairly tanky when angled with it's good firing angles, and it's quite maneuverable. It's a ship that feels overall very solid with no obvious weaknesses. It is quite a bit like the T8 North Carolina though, so if you plan on going up the USN BB line perhaps your money is better saved.

Tirpitz is also quite fun, but it's a bit more of a specialized close-range fighter. It has a powerful secondary armament and torpedo tubes which give it the upper hand in most brawling situations. The armor also makes it quite resistant to citadels. The guns are a bit on the weaker side, you only get 8, and they have worse accuracy and penetration than most other battleships of the tier. Those shortcomings are mostly a moot point when at its preferred range though, which is 10 km or less. You need to be careful to find a balance between relentless pushing and measured aggression though, leading the charge is great, but you mustn't be reckless as overzealous pushing is the easiest way to have a poor game as a battleship.
Blizzard has never published them
Buddy up with an AA cruiser. Starting at tier 6 USN cruisers have good AA as a rule. Clusters of enemies are very difficult for the enemy CV to strike effectively.

Turn towards torpedo bombers. In order to drop as effectively as possible torpedo bombers need to drop from your side. By steaming directly towards them you make it difficult for the enemy CV to line up a drop. Pay attention to your minimap so you see them as early as possible. Hold control and click on the cog above your minimap and increase the size to as large as it goes (and turn on last-known positions while you're at it).

You don't have great AA at tier 4 but at higher tiers the Royal Navy BBs have pretty good AA. To best make use of your AA you should focus fire the torpedo bombers as these pose the greatest threat, you can do this by holding control to get free mouse movement, then clicking on the squad you want to focus. Doing this also makes your AA 30% more effective against that target. If you're playing a ship with strong AA, you also want to kite away from their planes rather than turning into them so they need to spend extra time in your AA range chasing after you. This can easily be the difference between a strike getting through and being eviscerated. Turning in to mitigate damage is still a useful option if you're caught off-guard though. Later in games your AA mounts can be destroyed, hold H to check if you still have a useful amount of AA damage.
Yeah, it's the best outcome. Avoid escalating things with the cop who is probably a dickhead considering he's lying to give you a ticket, and then make him look like a dickhead in a public forum.
Akizuki is pretty good as it has a high likelihood of getting first blood.
That 0-1 swing was a bit ugly, looks like a bust to me, might as well send him back to Japan.
"Long-range AA" is actually large-caliber AA, typically dual-purpose guns with a caliber of at least 100 mm. The long-range AA doesn't have to be the biggest aura, Des Moines for example has 5 km base range on both its 76 mm and 127 mm AA, but the 76 mm AA is considered mid-range and the 127 mm dual-purpose AA is considered long-range.
But what if I took a quick nap first? That way I can stay awake easier and get work done more efficiently.
The secret is to not just push out like a retard and get focus fired. He's always baiting people into him and that's how he makes it work. Going middle is actually kind of decent if you're smart about it like that since it divides the enemy's attention, but you need to stay alive for that to matter.
Damage is not an independently useful stat. A BB that did 40k to destroyers had a huge impact, one that did 80k to battleships had a moderate impact. Other than the Royal Navy line battleships are the best at killing cruisers, so of course their damage numbers are going to be almost universally smaller than their health pools. Ships that farm battleships like Henri IV have high average damage, while radar cruisers like Des Moines are going to have smaller average damage numbers. Does that mean that Des Moines is worse than Henri IV? Of course not, most teams would rather have a Des Moines than a Henri IV because it contributes far more to the team.

Your health pool is not a useful gauge of your damage, as it has no relation whatsoever to the impact of that damage. The healthpool of your targets is a better measure, although that still lacks context, did they heal the damage, did the damage lead to kills and map control, etc.
This is the kind of pro-monopoly anti-competitive behavior that hurts consumers in the long run. The FCC was created to keep telecommunications an open market. Look where we are now. The biggest companies in the business will bully out the competition. Aren't you glad to have all of this freedom? To use the one service that you're allowed to use on your data plan?
Over gets out of there in a hurry lol, good call.
It might be Google Photos or iCloud
USN 127 mm guns have 5% fire chance until Montana's bigger 5"/54 secondaries which get a big jump to 9% fire chance. 9% on a 105 mm gun is ludicrous.
T8-10 DDs are immune to the 105 mm HE, you can see this quite easily
Never use doubloons to retrain. It's a bad deal. Pay the 200k credits to get half-way. 

10 point captains aren't that far along the path to 19 but many ships are pretty functional at 10 points since that's when Concealment Expert comes online. Some ships like a little more, for example ships that use IFHE want 14 points, but 10 points is a nice head-start to a decent captain.
Yes that is the joke Minotaur has no way of firing HE shells
The 50% increase in credits is a big deal since it's often like a 100% or more increase in profit since your maintenance costs stay the same and all that extra is raw profit.
The handle acts as a counterweight giving you the ability to pivot the bat a lot more easily. It's like the pommel of a sword.
You get Cleveland's spot in the current line, which is T6 in what is going to be the CA line come the split.
It was a damaging near miss that among other things blew every fuse of the ship's electrical systems. Yamato stopped shooting at the CVE in question because it assumed it sunk with the smoke it was spewing, but the crew did good damage control work and got the ship operational in short order.
Looking at it makes me want to scream
More like always perfectly broadside
It would be a low tier ship with high tier AA.
Make sure you have a Cleveland in your port when the line split occurs, as you'll get a head start to T8 in the CL line. You can only gain lower tier ships from Pensacola, New Orleans, or Baltimore, so having those isn't essential as it won't give you a boost in any line, although if you're thinking about selling any of them, hold off as you can get free ships (that you've already unlocked) or their credit values depending on what you have in your port.
If you have the hull, range, and gun upgrades for tier 7 Pensacola, you will have them for tier 7 New Orleans.
You don't lose any progress when the line split occurs, if you're at tier 7 with 50,000 xp, you'll still be at tier 7 with 50,000 xp, the only difference is that your Pensacola will be replaced by a Tier 6 Pensacola and a Tier 7 New Orleans, and your Cleveland will be replaced by a T8 Cleveland in a seperate line plus a second Tier 6 Pensacola, for which you'll get the credit value as you can't have duplicate ships in port.
If a high tier USN battleship with AA range mod and AFT+BFT is kiting away from drops even Midway will lose a ton of planes before being able to drop and with proper maneuvering the drop probably won't do much damage. If instead the BB is holding a static position, they may thin the squads a tiny bit, but they're still going to eat a ton of damage from the drop. How you pilot your ship is everything when it comes to making use of your AA.
It would be kind of cool if maybe a USN cruiser could mount instead of their radar a radar jammer which would make everything in a radius immune to radar for a period of time. Maybe that's stupid, I don't know.
I kind of like cyclones. They do fuck certain ships like Khabarovsk or Zao, you need to be in a ship that's either good at brawling or has very good concealment (~6 km) so you can either kill anything you run into or still outspot despite the visibility. If you don't play such a ship, I can understand the dislike, but some of my favorite games are in my Montana or my Des Moines in a cyclone where I get to fight a bunch of close range 1v1s.
Pan-Asian Destroyers - Like USN destroyers but mostly better. Deepwater torps are kind of a wash since USN torpedoes are already quite stealthy although they are great against cruisers in particular, but the short cooldown smokes are great for sure, really only worse than USN for smoking up allied ships and noticeably better for cap contesting and dakka dakka on battleships. The T10 Yueyang is basically a Gearing without the thickness issue (hopefully WG alters the Gearing model at some point, Fletcher, Allen M. Sumner, and Gearing all have a beam length between 40 and 41 feet yet Gearing is noticeably fatter in-game and it sucks). You miss out on defensive AA which is helpful not only against carriers but also floatplanes but engine boost is at least some consolation, and the option to mount radar is kind of gimmicky but can be quite useful in DD divisions or organized play. The PA DD line are proper cap bullies with good torps too, and that diversity as a DD really allows you to be useful from minute 1 to 20 and carry games.

Russian Cruisers - High shell-velocity light cruisers make up the Russian line, getting radar at T8 making them some of the most potent DD killers in the game. Radar cruisers are some of the highest impact ships in the game, early DD kills go a long way toward gaining your team map and cap control, and the Russian cruisers are no slouches in the later stages of the game either. They're rather lightly-armored so you'll want to avoid taking a lot of fire, but with their good range and shell velocity that isn't too hard, and with IFHE their HE does excellent damage. And then you get to T10 Moskva and everything changes, you go from the lightest armor to the heaviest, and the smallest caliber to the second largest. Moskva is a bit of an anomaly, it's a cruiser that can play fairly well in stationary positions even in open water not unlike a battleship. Almost every part of the ship has thick enough plating to bounce even battleship AP, as long as you protect your soft bow and don't show too much broadside it's tough for anyone to chew through it's massive HP pool. And with the caliber upgrade the AP packs a wallop, it can score citadels at much longer ranges than other cruisers, even at its maximum range in some cases.

U.S. Battleships - Probably the most well-balanced battleships overall, they find a pretty good balance between gunnery and protection. The speed can be a pain point until tier 8 as you're limited to a paltry 21 knots, although it's only really painful at tier 7, when you have to go against ships like Scharnhorst, one of the fastest battleships in the game, let alone its tier. At tier 7 and below, the US battleships are very tanky and pack a punch, but they're slow as molasses. The accuracy on the guns is rather poor, making them prefer close range. You'll spend most of the game steaming forward into battle which is quite fun, but be careful not to find yourself on a deserted flank as repositioning takes time. At tier 8 the line takes a sharp turn, you actually lose armor belt thickness compared to even tier 6, but in exchange you get a big jump in speed and your dispersion goes from mediocre to quite good. The USN BBs do generally have the best AA at least once you hit T8 and get to the ships covered in quad mount Bofors, although they do have a tendency to get destroyed by HE, but I find that the turrets are tanky enough that you can afford to swap Main Armaments Mod 1 for Auxiliary Armaments Mod 1 which mostly solves that problem. They also get the perk of having their dispersion mod in slot 6 instead of slot 3 meaning they can mount the AA range mod without really giving anything important up. There is a downside to that, which is that they have to choose between the dispersion mod and the reload mod in slot 6, but they get an improved dispersion mod (-11% instead of -7%) to make up for it. The T10 Montana is pretty well-regarded, it has good  dispersion with 12 guns, although its penetration falls off at longer ranges a bit quicker than its T10 rivals. That makes it probably the most effective T10 BB at killing cruisers and destroyers alike, and while it's less effective against BBs than Yamato or especially Conqueror it's no slouch there either. The protection scheme is pretty well-rounded, it handles both HE and AP damage fairly well.

Japanese Carriers - To me this one is a no brainer, IJN carriers are at least competitive at every tier, and there's a lot more outplay potential with the extra squads. A skilled player can divide their squads in ways that make it difficult for a USN CV player to deal with. They also have a spotting advantage from the extra squads, and they get the ability to cross drop their torps which USN CVs don't get until tier 10. They are a bit harder to master, but once you get the hang of them they're quite a bit more fun and interactive to play than the USN CVs. You can bait and trap enemy fighters, you can play with the damage control cooldowns of enemy battleships, you can just do a lot more than the USN CVs can, and that flexibility goes a long way. 
Iowa's 16"/50 rifles launch shells with a higher muzzle velocity than North Carolina's 16"/45 rifles and thus have more range. The 5"/38 secondaries are identical thus they have the same range on both ships.
It is a peculiar choice to give it AP bombs with both better penetration and a smaller arming threshold than Midway's. Why should a T8 carrier hit both lighter and heavier targets more effectively than a T10? 
Microwaves are usually considered a subset of radio waves and they are often used for radio telecommunications.
Radio waves are a type of radiation, so is light. Light is a bit more dangerous in most cases although radio waves can be known to cook things, see microwave ovens.
Gascogne compares rather unfavorably with Bismarck which is hardly the strongest T8 BB as-is.
Ah, true, I forgot USN BBs get range mod in slot 3. Might as well use it in CBs, fair enough.
Deck pens can happen at those kinds of ranges and they're quite powerful as they negate any angling of the target. Obviously you're RNGesus's bitch when you try for them, but if you hit you have a very high likelihood of getting a citadel as the shell plunges downward.

Range mod on Montana though, shame on you.
There's also some skill at saving it when you hit a patch of ice you didn't see and you lose the back end, but the best practice is always just to keep the forces down, accelerate and brake more slowly, keep off the pedals while in a corner.
The master of negotiation, start low and meet in the middle
Anyone who had access to a calculator, the wiki, and half a brain could tell you every single beam weapon was buffed. Anyone who thought beams were dead is a reactionary idiot just parroting the ideas of other reactionary idiots.
Maybe a database error where it never got removed from their port. 
The ridiculously small detection range applies to planes too. 
The Derpitz of Tier 10

Good ship, usually not so good captain
All of the special captains should come back and ideally be permanently available at some point. It's stupid to lock them behind timing windows considering that they influence gameplay.
Montana gets an honorable mention for being a realistic design that the USN actually planned to build and not a bunch of parts cobbled together by WG like many of the T10s.
Lest we forget that since Primed Shred now exists you can get punchthrough without giving anything up for it on Rifles (assuming you can get Primed Shred)
Hakuryu is harder but more interesting since you have to micro a lot more groups. If you want a challenge go for the IJN line. If you want to ease yourself in, go USN.
People like the Lyon, so we at WG thought we should bring even more barrels to the table
Once they get enough ranks in repair, I believe Sims can't get electrocuted and die anymore. Similar with athletics and treadmill accidents or cooking and self-immolation. I'm not sure what they do at that point.
My uncle told me that as long as you spend 183 days a year over international waters you don't have to pay taxes
This is something that the game doesn't really explain, but once you get to 16" (406 mm) guns you can "overmatch", i.e. ignore the bounce chance of the bow or stern of any cruiser. Thus, you can aim right at the bow and penetrate straight through, potentially even into the citadel.

To calculate the overmatch thickness of a gun, you divide the caliber by 14.3 and round down. Bow and stern thickness is fixed by tier, e.g. all T8-10 cruisers have 27 mm bows and sterns and all T8-10 battleships have 32 mm bows and sterns. The key breakpoints for these are 387 mm or greater to overmatch 27 mm and 458 mm or greater (just Yamato & Musashi) to overmatch 32 mm.
It's closer to 50%, and it seems like a pretty safe assumption to me that someone who doesn't know that Tallahassee is the capital of Florida isn't American.
No shit, I'm just pointing out that the state capitals are not part of elementary education or even grade school education at all for the vast majority of the world.
You can't meme about NA hockey because Canada
Russia is the team to beat for sure but the Canadian team is pretty strong considering the lack of NHL players. They definitely have a chance to win gold.
I didn't have to learn the state capitals as a Canadian student until 10th grade. I'd imagine most of the world never has to learn them at all.
A lot of why AP loses its effectiveness over range is not only because of the lost speed but also the higher angle of attack of shells at longer range. Since Moskva has very flat shell arcs its shells maintain penetration well even near maximum range, not to mention that Moskva already has very good penetration to begin with. Something like Des Moines on the other hand, while the AP is very effective inside 10 km or so, the high shell arcs mean that at longer ranges your shells have such a high angle of attack that they'll have difficulty penetrating any meaningful armor.

On top of that, if shells have flat arcs even at long ranges they must have a low air drag value, which means they lose less velocity over time and thus penetration.

So as a good rule of thumb, generally the flatter the arcs the further your useful AP range is.
You should really get two double strikes for that
HE and non-citadel hits are unrealistically effective in World of Warships to allow for some semblance of class balance. Of course, in real life you cannot sink a ship by shooting HE at its superstructure, that is obvious. WoWS has to make concessions to make a fun game. If they were balanced in real life, what nation would bother to build a 50,000 ton battleship when a 15,000 ton cruiser is just as effective?
The Conqueror is stealthy, and tanky, and long-range, and doesn't give a fuck about its targets angling. Conqueror removes the positional interactions from the game. It can damage you at close range, it can damage you at max range, it takes no damage while broadside, it does loads of damage to angled targets. It turns the game into a degenerative point and click contest, where the Conqueror player doesn't even have to do a good job of pointing and clicking since they have 150+ mm of HE pen so almost all shells that hit will do full damage.

It has the lowest possible barrier to entry, and little counterplay. It's the epitome of thoughtless game design. There's no sense behind it, no interaction or interesting gameplay paradigms. It just ignores the rhyme and reason of the game and does damage. 

It's a shame WG needed to go completely off the rails with both RN lines. I was looking forward to both of them but ultimately I haven't spent any time with either because they're both just so gimmicky and stupid. If WG had used the Warspite as the blueprint for the RN BBs they could have been a lot of fun.
When at 50% HP AR is BFT+TAE for 2 points. Can't get much better value than that.
In my opinion this is 100% the right build
This hasn't been a thing since 2016.
NC actually has slightly better citadel protection, because only the middle section of the citadel roof is overmatchable, the front and aft sections have a thick enough plate to bounce any shell. With Iowa/Missouri/Montana the entire citadel roof can be overmatched.
It's not too hard to hit against a stationary target, just aim under the front turret and cross your fingers for good dispersion. Against a moving target it's a bit harder to lead the right amount to hit considering that you're trying to hit a relatively small spot.
Pro tip, if you're going to use the federal postal service to traffic contraband, maybe don't fill in the return address.
USN BBs were my first line, and I had a ton of trouble when I got to North Carolina because I was used to steaming ahead pretty much 24/7. The extra speed combined with the thinner armor belt gave me a lot of trouble at the time, but now North Carolina is easily my favorite BB at the tier.
You must not have played many high tier BBs before the Iowa citadel buff, broadside Iowas and Missouris used to be like a quarter of my devastating strikes.
Each of the first 48 states except for Montana had a BB built in their name.
If you're just trying to rush past it, save the XP, there's not enough of a difference to be worth it.
People like to give the Nationals FO credit but they sure aren't exploiting this market inefficiency
Assuming the current Public Test for 0.7.2 is the last one, which as the second one it probably is, likely Feb. 27th or maybe the 28th.
Okay, my bad, I wasn't sure about that
République has a 2.00 sigma value and the smallest horizontal dispersion of tier 10 BBs. It is very accurate.
I didn't know racism was a disability
They can damage secondaries and DDs with IFHE, not that that's a great idea
Gearing excels in 1v1s against enemy DDs due to its great gunpower and turret layout. It is a bit bulky and more prone to eating damage from the enemy backlines than other DDs though, so you should be a bit more conservative early in the game, maybe go for a side cap rather than a central cap and get to safety if there are many enemy ships nearby, especially if they could have a radar. Always check the radars at the start of the game and be safe if you don't know where they are. Getting radared at an inopportune moment likely means death in the Gearing.

Your guns excel at close range, you have amazing DPM but your lazy shell arcs can make hitting destroyers outside of 6 km or so a big challenge. At close range, you can outduel any DD except Khabarovsk, who you greatly outspot. When fighting 1v1 vs. enemy DDs you can go bow on to make yourself a small target against guns and torpedoes alike, but watch out for German DDs, as they can use their smoke+hydro to create a one-sided fight. Instead, stay at the edge of their hydro range and only commit to the fight when their consumables are on cooldown.

The torpedoes are a bit weird, they have worse damage and longer reload than Fletcher, but exceptional range. Try to use them on clusters of enemies to increase the likelihood of hits. You'll have more trouble killing battleships with just torpedoes than with Fletcher, instead use your torpedoes to get a flooding, and then smoke up and start fires once their damage control is used. Your main quarry should be destroyers though, removing their spotting and torpedoes is key to helping your team advance on the map, and you excel at hunting them down. Only worry about battleships when you've got nothing better to kill or if the battleship is blocking your team off of a key choke point.

Gearing is a strong ship that can be quite a bully to enemy DDs, but it is harder to use effectively than the ships that come before it in the line. Brace yourself, as there may be an acclimation period as you learn what you can and can't get away with. When it is able to battle on its own terms though, there is really no DD you'd rather have.
The reload will drop enough that despite the loss of a turret it will be a DPM increase from Helena to Cleveland
So that's why WG added deep-water torps which cruisers can't dodge either. Brilliant game design!
They needed to get Trump out of there before he started going on about all the horrible things done by both sides
Jean Bart had an entire turret knocked out when it was under fire from USS Massachusetts at Casablanca as a shell penetrated the turret and jammed the rotating mechanism, preventing the entire turret from being aimed. Richelieu suffered an early shell detonation at Dakar that knocked out three barrels of its number 2 turret.

So, despite the efforts of the French to mitigate the vulnerabilities of the quadruple gun turrets, they did still increase the chance that a large portion of the ship's firepower could be knocked out.
I mean, that's a pretty personal question that totally depends on how much your money is worth to you. Missouri is the premiere credit farmer and really eases the pain of grinding out 20 million+ credits for purchasing high tier ships. On the other hand it's really fucking expensive to convert that much FXP and a tier 7 or 8 premium could do a decent job of being your credit farmer if you don't need so many credits. Missouri is also a pretty fun ship and a pretty strong ship, but that alone doesn't really justify the price tag to me.
USN DDs + years of power creep = PA DDs
Got 3, one on my team, two on the enemy, killed one, nearly killed the other but died after getting him down to 5k HP.
This is why I'm a big proponent of re-signed, but it only works if everyone uses it.
Spellbreaker is a bit more selfish but does great DPS.
Wow how lucky the only skin you didn't get is the ugliest one
Fine European gentlemen don't stoop so low as to use such archaic weapons as the zeus or knife like those rowdy folk in the colonies.
[Artist's rendition of Michu's desk](http://mx-3dmodels.com/images/products/00472/previews/00472-A-1-1.jpg)
tyloo is my favorite player
It is always fifty or sixty something male Packers fan, I swear to god
Notice how they skip a lot of ranks
If we compare Grozovoi to Gearing it has

-Better speed  
-Better shell velocity  

-Worse torpedoes  
-Worse DPM  
-Worse maneuverability  
-Worse smokes  
-Larger size

I also think Gearing is a touch on the weak side compared to Z-52, only really catching up when there are carriers in the game, which is rare. Grozovoi is a bit underwhelming. The Russian shell handling is a big plus, but it's really its only plus.
If anyone remembers just before the election, almost every single post would make /r/all. Then after the election, you almost never saw /r/The_Donald posts on /r/all. What a weird coincidence, I'm sure no Russian vote bots were involved.
I believe WG has also said that there will be a way to get more French containers in 0.7.2 if you need to complete the collection.
I'm planning on using him on République to give it as good of a reload as possible, it's really good on pretty much any ship, although the Expert Marksman is better used on the lower tier BBs like Lyon considering the higher tiers have really fast turret traverse to begin with.
Yeah, fighter plane is quite a bit better as a discount hydro, especially if you have Direction Center for Catapult Aircraft. Spotter has the bonus uses of helping with blind-fire or firing over mountains.

They're both pretty viable but generally I think the spotter plane is better for BBs while the fighter plane is better for cruisers. There's certainly room for preference there though.
A shell hit the flat section of his stern and managed to penetrate all the way into his citadel. Just a lucky one in a thousand shot.
In order for any possibility of a plunging fire penetration you have to get out of autobounce range which is waaaaay further than 15 km. For many ships they aren't even possible at maximum range.
1 more gun but more importantly better firing angles and the ability to fire 4 guns while bow on. That's really what makes Gearing such an excellent knife-fighter.
That's the point, is that it's supposed to be both. It's "who", but said in a barking tone.
Just play radar cruisers and farm win rate. Easy peezy. 

Actually though releasing global missions that really only give you one choice in ship class is pretty stupid.
Then someone will start a new ranking if the rulesets move in that direction. Stop acting like you're so important. You're replaceable.
I mostly still prefer the green camos I think. They have a certain elegance to them that the blue lacks.
You know usually when you use a ladder you just lean it against something, such as a wall
5% drop chance on Energize means that price is going to plummet.
I could go through my replay collection and send you hundreds if you so desire. It has the worst long-range penetration of the T10 BBs and struggles against thick armor belts like those of Yamato, Izumo, or other Montanas once you start to get past the 15 km range.
You eat shit
Yeah, the amount of captain XP to retrain them is quite a bit smaller than the amount of XP to get a new captain to that level. You can choose to pay 200k credits to half the retraining cost as well.
The different classes have different requirements. BBs have more forgiving positioning but require more aiming skill than other classes since you only get to shoot once every 30 seconds and if you misjudge you're losing half a minute worth of damage. CAs are a bit more aim-light since you can quickly adjust if you mis-aim but require more positioning skill, especially cruisers like Des Moines that want to stay close to the fight and struggle in open water. Destroyers are kind of their own unique thing, cap contesting especially early in the game is hard to do well once you get to the radar tiers, and a lot of it comes down to situational knowledge of what you can get away with. Using torpedoes well is also another skill that takes some getting used to.

Cruisers are statistically my best ships as well and I consider myself by no means some god of the game, but I generally understand how to position to avoid taking on too much fire, and when I sometimes get too aggressive I can generally avoid shells well enough to still be at least somewhat useful to the team. Destroyers on the other hand, I find I'm a lot more likely just to do absolutely nothing in a game since you have zero capacity to bounce battleship shells and have to rely purely on evasion when you get caught in a pickle.
No one would ever play destroyers correctly and instead they would just try to farm damage with torps instead of cap contesting and spotting
Blizzard are men of culture
It doesn't matter how you outfit it Des Moines is never going to be a ship that can handle battleship fire well. It thrives in close range 1v1s and in positions where it can avoid enemy fire. That's why you want concealment expert and steering gears mod 2, not fire prevention and damage control system mod 2. You can try it, but it won't matter much.
Montana has the lowest caliber at tier 10 which prevents it from overmatching a lot of CA decks and penning battleship belts at longer ranges. France (or République as it's now called) has the best penetration of any shell in the game at most ranges and overmatches 30 mm decks such as those found on Des Moines. There are trade-offs both ways, and I agree that Montana is probably a bit stronger, but if France also had amazing dispersion its gun performance would be too strong, and it would crowd Yamato out of its niche. I think a faster reload weaker alpha setup is a nice change of pace at T10, and I'm looking forward to adding République to my port just because it plays noticeably different from Montana or Kurfürst.
Don't forget the secondary armament of battleships which are generally designed to be particularly useful against unarmored targets.
Gearing kind of wrecks it bow on though due to the superior HE DPM, which admittedly isn't always attainable in a cap with ships around.
Reminder about a thing you're hearing about for the first time.

Shit, just like my job.
I think the way they're handling it is pretty smart and reasonable. It's basically a time gate, if you want early access spend away, if you're willing to wait you can still get everything for free. Seems pretty fair to me.
Hell, that attorney could be a prosecutor. Their landlord is guilty of breaking and entering.
I'm guessing the rates on Tulo aren't exactly the best either
As a matter of fact if you're aware of their lethality they could have a pretty good case for murder in the first degree!
Did you miss the bit where this is in Minnesota? There can be snow from November in March.
Make sure you get your Vitamin B12 somehow.
Curling seems stupid but actually it's pretty legit as far as sports you can play with just three of your dumb friends while eating a plate of nachos and downing beers come.
I used to very much have a love/hate relationship with Dan but he has catapulted himself into the top 3 GB members in my opinion.
God save the Irish
Don't forget realistic speeds for ships and shells alike. 20 km @ 30 knots is 21.6 minutes.
Again, I understand that, but you don't call a powerplay situation 6 on 5, you'd refer to the number of skaters, 5 on 4. By that same logic, if the shorthanded team pulls there goalie, it's 5 on 5. It's effectively even strength hockey as long as it stays in the offensive zone. That's really my only point.
If you own T6 Cleveland, you'll get T6 CA Pensacola and T8 CL Cleveland. If you own T7 Pensacola, you'll get T7 CA New Orleans and T6 CA Pensacola. If you own T8 New Orleans, you'll get T8 CA Baltimore and T7 CA New Orleans. And if you own T9 Baltimore, you'll get T9 CA Buffalo and T8 CA Baltimore. If you get any ships twice you'll be refunded the credit value, same with the doubloon value of permacamos.
I understand that as far as the rules are concerned you get 6 players on the ice and one of them may or may not be a goalie, but at the same time it just seems weird to me to call a 5 on 5 goal shorthanded. I guess there's not really any reason not to call it that though.
I propose a dating site to match people based on what fucked-up porn they're into.
Weird, your Magus is a Dancing Dervish Bladebound Kensai too?
Can you call it shorthanded if it's 5 on 5? I guess you're short a goalie.
Same about the cold, the windshear from riding in really cold weather really gets to you, walking, at least if you're covered properly, that's going to be less of an issue even though you're exposed for much longer.
Could've is also available and not a grammatical disaster
The Griffin's height limit is set from where you take off from, if you take off from ground level you can never get more than its initial jump height above that level, you basically hit an invisible ceiling. You can still gain height actually, all you need to do is repeatedly dive and then use your flap when you pull up. You'll gain small amounts of height depending on your timing. But again, it's not like you can use it to say, get on top of a tower or something because of that height limit unless you started on top of the tower.
Tigris Prime. It just makes guys dead. Doesn't really matter how much health or armor they have, just point, click, dead. Chilling Reload makes it pretty comfortable for anti-horde gameplay.

I also like the Corinth a lot, especially once you get some reload speed as well as fire rate on it. Once you mitigate that innate clunkiness it becomes very satisfying to use.

I never really liked video game shotguns before I started using them in Warframe, but I generally like them a lot in Warframe.
Why would you not do the bare minimum and wrap that up in electrical tape?
If he's lucky, they won't find out. I doubt most university programs have processes to check work towards degrees that have already been granted for plaigarism. But man, this entitled motherfucker needs that kick in the ass more than he needs his Bachelor's degree.
The ones that are on a team at least
North Carolina is definitely the best overall BB for ranked and probably one of the best overall ships as well, and Amagi isn't far behind either. It's just so good at holding down a position and punishing enemies who try to cross past it, and it can do so without much in the way of support, which is great in ranked with the smaller teams.

Amagi is more of a flanker that's going to try to get to a position where it can fire all of its guns without giving broadside to any major threats, and while it's a better damage dealer it lacks the positional impact of North Carolina, but it is still a great choice and is especially powerful in concert with allied BBs when it can flank to create those crossfires and get it or its team that juicy broadside.

And then Bismarck, it's definitely a lot more situational, the number one thing you'd pick it for would be the hydro which isn't essential but does allow it to play positions that are too dangerous for its contemporaries to hold. At the same time it kind of needs to do so in order to make up for its weaker dispersion and penetration, and considering that hydro does not in fact last forever while your noticeably weaker gunnery assuredly does that becomes a bit of a dubious trade.
To citadel one at that distance you have to hit the upper section of the armor under the number 1 turret. It's sloped upwards making it easy to pen once your shells get some arc on them. Of course at that range that requires excellent aim and even better luck. It's easier to citadel a Kurfürst at 21 km, by a lot.
Yamato is hard to pen let alone citadel at longer ranges. It's only at close ranges that it becomes squishy, when you can reliably hit under the #1 turret. It has a 410 mm armor belt that's heavily sloped inward. The range to penetrate that in an Iowa/Montana is like 12 km.
I pretty much only have dreams about weird imaginary video games that I wake up wanting to play. 
China has people to spare, they don't give a shit. It's sad.
Man, can't even talk about lesbians without triggering you types huh
Sounds perfect
Of course it works why wouldn't it

You probably just were hanging the plug too far out to make contact with the outlet
max
max
max

this character creation is easy
This game's been a bit of a slobernocker so far
>NA CS LUL

has evolved into

>NA CS PogChamp
They seem to be doing a good job of putting Ska in positions to succeed. They're not afraid to give Stewie the sole AWP if they want to use it in the more aggressive type of position that Stewie excels at which forces the enemy to respect more positions and spend their utility getting to Ska in his preferred defensive position. Between the two you basically have one super complete AWPer. Not to mention that Tarik and Tim can use the AWP effectively as well. There's almost never going to be a situation where a team can say, hey, we know the AWP is here, we're going to use all our utility to deal with it.
Double return for paragraph break, double space for line break
Pretty sure BTS just lifted the idea whole cloth
Lyon shares a tier with Gneisanau. It has 2.67 times as many guns.
Hmm, one might be lead to suspect that anyone who's a big enough fan of Trump to join his administration is an amoral shitstain, and that that may in fact say something rather poor about Trump and the values he stands for.

Of course, it's all just a big coincidence I'm sure.
Of course if you know anything about RGB you know that white is all three
Unfortunately it isn't that good, although if you need to kill a bunch of low HD stuff it's alright. But... just use a fireball.
Oh thank Jesus
It's actually just past it
Have at it
Good god woman, light shining in through your window, have you heard of curtains? And if you're really such a light sleeper that a bus backing up outside of your house can wake you up you should probably look into getting a comfortable pair of earplugs to sleep with. 

It never ceases to amaze the amount of mental gymnastics people can do just so they clearly aren't the unreasonable one.
I'm half-tempted to forward the post to the FBI tip line
Really looking forward to more 13 Deadly Sims
Dan Ryckert is the social media manager's dream, good god. And talk about finding the right woman, there are probably half a dozen people in the world who can keep up with his bullshit and he's married to one of them.
Maybe they're jailbreaking it with a browser exploit?
I can't believe there's footage of the Taco Bell wedding guy and the blinking white guy playing all of the Metal Gear Solid games together on the internet.
It can pretty safely be assumed to be 10+1/2 class level+CHA mod.

I'm more concerned about the catchprase, they really don't say how it works. Do you say the catchprase as an immediate action at the time the bonus is being used? Do you say it on your turn (as a free action? standard action? move action?), and then at some point in the future (how long?) your ally can use the bonus? Is it really supposed to not have a limit on usage?

Other than that it's pretty much fine.
As I understand it, your tax forms can never be subpoenaed or entered as evidence, because if they could then individuals would have the right to invoke their 5th amendment right against self-incrimination on their tax form. This would be really bad for the IRS and a horrible loophole for dodging taxes, so to avoid this they have to grant you immunity for everything you state on your tax forms by guaranteeing they will never be used in an investigation against you. Side note that this isn't actually a problem for tax evasion since the crime isn't commited until you knowingly misfile so you aren't ever compelled to self-incriminate, meaning your tax forms can be evidence for such cases. They could also subpoena someone else's tax forms to use against you, although I'm having trouble thinking of a situation where that would be useful, maybe to prove that your witness is lying I suppose.
I've actually gotten back into The Sims 3 and it's still good. Runs a lot better on my overclocked quad core than it did on my slow dual core I had back when it came out. The open world is a nifty thing that The Sims 4 cut. There are also some pretty good mods out there.
Bob Costas is the best
Make sure you all shoot the same target at exactly the same moment so they can see 48 shells of battleship AP rain down on them all at once.
what a fucking god
LeBron for Brady straight up who says no
\#30 He Hate Me
I'm thinking I might spring for #30 He Hate Me 
Make sure you're also using Dvorak to really confound them
I wish we got ironclads instead of patrol boats at T1, that would be so much cooler.
Montana is good but hardly overpowered. The only change from its time as the "worst T10 BB" is the citadel which really only effects its performance vs. other BBs, and it's still not especially great at fighting other BBs since it has noticeably weaker penetration than its contemporaries especially at longer ranges where the higher shell arcs are going to noticeably affect penetration. It also needs more broadside to be effective than either Yamato with 32mm overmatch or Conqueror with HE, and against decent players you have to rely on your teammates to force enemies to give broadside, so it might be better to choose a ship that's more independently strong.

If we look at random battle stats in the past two weeks, on NA Montana is 3rd out of the 4 T10 BBs in win rate and last in damage, while on EU Montana is last in win rate and 3rd in damage. Hardly sounds like it is overperforming to me. The reason for its prevalence in CW and KotS is its great performance vs. cruisers since BBs are limited in both formats, which is completely unchanged either way by the citadel change people like to complain about, as well as its great AA in KotS. In an environment with more BBs Montana is a competitive choice, but hardly an overpowered one and probably not even the best one.
The Yamato superstructure is significantly smaller and harder to hit.
It can't, it goes 30.
The classes in general are fairly well-balanced against each other
Crit headshots do 4x damage. Non-crit headshots do 2x damage. Damage on crit went down slightly. Damage on non-crit went down noticeably. Crit chance stayed the same. Explain how headshots are buffed please?

Crit damage has no bearing on the efficiency of headshots as the 4x multiplier doesn't change. Only crit chance effects headshot power. This is why if taking a crit chance or crit damage mod gives you about the same DPS increase you always choose crit chance until you hit at least 100%.
This is a misconception I see floating around. It does less damage now even on a crit, so even if that crit does 4x damage due to a headshot, 4x a smaller number is still going to be less than 4x a bigger number.
The background skills alternate rules help with this issue.
Disney and the MCU is the reason there are no X-Men, and good luck selling people on a Marvel game without Magneto, Phoenix, or Wolverine. Yeah it's also a shit game on top of that, but that's a big blow from the get go for fans of the series.
Once you get to Sortie levels Firequake is basically all Ember has, which I guess is a problem in its own right if your only useful ability is toggle and forget, but at that point you're talking about altering her other abilities in pretty major ways. Her other augments are okay but she's still pretty outclassed by most other Warframes at Sortie levels, and with the World on Fire nerfs she's just going to fall into the dumpster.
Great set. I could see myself using pretty much any of those skins.
Nah I'm good, Deadeye is boring as heck to play. If I'm playing Thief it's for Condi DD, otherwise I'll just play another class.
Can you just say "fact" and then make something up? Is that allowed?
It is accelerating toward the Earth, it's just missing because of its sideways velocity
A big thing people are looking for with Rivens is a way to for example lock a stat on a Riven so they can make progress toward their "god Riven" rather than just shooting into a dark room over and over again hoping to hit. This is just yet another random mechanic added on top of the heaping ugly pile of RNG that is Riven mods. It doesn't take anything away, sure, but it's far from being a step in the right direction either.
The German name for the Bengal tiger is basically "king tiger", "königstiger" where könig means king. The tank has the same name. It's not really an inaccurate translation to call it King Tiger per se especially because in the German name Königstiger the king association is important, it's supposed to be the supreme Tiger.
I think it's an important point in every man's life when they realize their favorite athlete is younger than they are.
My plan is PT>AR>SI>CE>IFHE>AFT>PM, although I could potentially drop AFT for DE (and probably get JoaT instead of PM) for a little more barbeque power at the expense of quite a bit of AA.
Superintendent is mandatory in my opinion, the extra heal is a lifesaver. For a second three pointer, you've got Basics of Survivability, Basic Firing Training, and Vigilance. I personally lean Vigilance since I like to play pretty aggressively on my Montana so it really helps avoid torpedo damage but the other two are fine choices as well if you feel like HE spam or planes are regularly getting the better of you.
If you line up 6 fat dudes and then one of them eats the other 5 that's called Super Obese God
It's only 3.6 seconds of reload saved, and since Missouri has such great concealment you actually kind of want the lower rate of fire. Dispersion all the way.
I think you're talking about large cruisers, or arguably battlecruisers depending on who you're asking. Unfortunately there's only one class of ship fielded by the US Navy with the CB (large cruiser) designation and that's the Alaska class, so it hardly warrants a line split or anything of the like.
The value of DE is a direct function of RPM and CLs tend to have better RPM than CAs. 
There's a good reason for that though, and that's that USN ships are focused on teamplay which is obviously critical in organized battles like CW and KotS. Few would claim that Gearing or Des Moines are the best ships of their class (although obviously they are both fairly good) but in a teamplay environment, Gearing is one of the best cap contestors and has the best smoke in the game, while Des Moines has all the tools to play the objectives, radar to help gain control and great DPM to punish enemies who push into the cap, especially when the Des Moines is smoked up by the Gearing. Montana is obviously a very good battleship with very strong gunpower, but it does much less damage to angled targets than Yamato with overmatch or Conqueror with HE spam. But, if your teammates create crossfires and force your enemies to give broadside, that is where the Montana becomes unmatched, no ship outperforms it at deleting broadside ships when it gets in its ideal range. Even if that's not the case, they will have to constantly fear and angle against Montana, limiting their mobility and ability to angle against other ships.

There's a reason that, even though it's considered quite strong, something like a Khabarovsk will never be a remotely popular pick in organized play. It's a damage farmer, and while it's very good at that role that isn't a role that is valuable in organized play.
Some things just go together: peanut butter and jelly, milk and cookies, Finns and alcoholism
WoWS mechanics assume that you can sink a ship by destroying a wooden weather deck or it's superstructure. They don't make any damn sense but cruisers need to be able to sink battleships somehow.
If the cruiser is not a complete potato they'll be angled in their smoke and move while firing making the likelihood of taking any significant damage low.
When you're going to get dropped by torpedo bombers you can dodge some of the hits by slowing down and turning in towards the planes. That helps a good bit.
But it also eats loads of pen damage from battleships
Man what if shells could skip off the water
Bunk beds PogChamp
An Alacrity nerf is an indirect Thief buff, Thief players rejoice
I am well aware
You guys just gonna keep peeking this?
The one kill he got when he had an AWP was with a USP
I'm just going to point out that Jerry Shenix is a really fucking funny thing to name your character
It's all in the cheekbones
He's right. GPU mining has long been unprofitable for Bitcoin due to ASIC miners which are much more efficient driving the difficulty up. GPU miners are mining alt coins that don't have ASIC miners available.
SK clearly could not be bothered to give a shit about that game. I've seen better-run T-sides in Gold Nova.
Ah yes, infamous CT strat of play sites and throw smokes, they'll be onto you now Cloud 9!
[NA]5v5 Defuse - no AWP no Auto
With USN autobounce angles the Des Moines should have an angle to score citadels before the Minotaur does. A single volley from the Des Moines can do up to 45000 damage, which is not unrealistic against a point-blank Minotaur. So yes, I think the Des Moines has a very good chance to out-brawl a Minotaur.
Des Moines can definitely beat it due to the USN autobounce angles and nearly matching its AP DPM, as can the Hinderburg since it can't be citadelled in close quarters and has superior torp angles.
It could be a pretty good off-angle with an AWP watching lower from connector.
With 100 km range
When using torpedoes there's an indicator line that shows you where you would need to aim to hit the target if they maintain their speed and heading.
But they might try to strike your ally 7 km away
DE has more impact the more shells you're lobbing and Des Moines lobs more shells than pretty much anyone
The guns seem solid. They don't have the best alpha but the quick reload seems to give them pretty reliable damage and they seem like they can use HE quite well vs. bow in Yamatos and such without having the godlike retardo-HE of the RN line. The 32 mm deck is kind of an issue, France will eat HE damage in the way that Izumo and similar ships do. If a cruiser HE shell hits you it will pretty much do full damage.

The France seems to fill a more battlecruiser-like role. It's not tanky enough to be a full-time frontline combatant, but it's fast and has decent gun handling that seems to hold up at longer ranges.
About as thick as Yamato's but without the sloping that makes Yamato so tough to citadel at longer ranges.
Yeah, the USN CLs will be perfect if they are just the CL equivalent of the CA line. Cleveland is already a wonderful ship to play so more ships in that style is clearly the way to go. All of the USN lines are relatively simple and that's a big part of the reason I love them. No gimmicks, just solid boats with no huge weaknesses.
Alsace seems fun. I'm generally a big fan of the two front one rear turret layout and to get that and 12 guns at the same time seems like having your cake and eating it too.
dirt fuckin nasty
They were but that didn't get renewed
Over 1 million viewers on a single Twitch channel, which is actually a record. 

It's easy to see why CSGO esports do so well. If you compare it to League, Dota, Hearthstone, Overwatch, all of those games expect you to know kind of a lot to really understand what's going on in the match and even who's winning or losing at any given moment. CSGO, my dad could watch it for four rounds and probably give me a pretty good description of what's going on.

On top of that, it's doesn't have big breaks in the action in the same way that other games do. Every single round goes on the scoreboard, and the games really aren't over until they're over, you've got to go out there and play until someone gets to 16 and the economy compared to MOBAs or whatever is more a round to round thing rather than being a game-wide thing so it can flip quickly.
I'm glad somebody has recognized the true evil of floaties.
I'm having trouble finding the location of my Ethernet port, and if my brain has a wi-fi card it definitely doesn't have drivers for it. Any help?
This is real art
And a hat on
You're right, I don't bet. Thanks for the correction.
I was deciding between top 5 outfielder and top 20 position player and accidentally chose both, my bad, I edited the original comment
It's a pretty common idea that the Chinese streaming sites are dishonest with their viewer numbers, although to what scale that could be we don't really know.
[tfw when the girls go for the chad midlaners and ignore the nice guy supports](https://ih1.redbubble.net/image.437583169.0368/flat,800x800,075,t.jpg)
A lot of Mookie's game is defense and plate discipline which is poorly represented by traditional stats, and I think that's why this is going to the hearing. The Red Sox are going to push that he hit .264 with 24 home runs at right field which is not that special, Mookie's side is going to say that if you factor in his amazing defense, his high walk rate, and his excellent baserunning he's easily a top 20 position player even during a down year like this one.

This arbitration hearing is actually pretty interesting because it's a bit of a landmark case on advanced metrics vs. "baseball card stats". I do think it's absurdly stupid how players are paid based on stats the teams don't even place any value in like average, and that's a problem that absolutely needs to be resolved in the next CBA.
If there was a spread, it would have been like IBP -6 or something. There's no reason they would need to lose by 11 rounds.
I mean, if you mostly just picked the better team but also were a huge C9 fanboy you got gold. It's not super unlikely that people made those picks.
It should be added that the role of a site anchor isn't just to frag, but more importantly to buy time for the rotation by keeping the enemy off the site. To be a effective anchor you need to have good utility usage and good instincts of what you can get away with. Striking the balance between holding the line and not dying is a tricky art.
it's so beautiful
where's crown puff smh
Yeah, it should probably read "and they will take"
It should be noted that a USN Destroyer like this one is built to survive a missile or torpedo strike, the ship is organized into compartments to contain any flooding that could result from enemy attack and the ship will maintain buoyancy through multiple failures. They are very unlikely to be sunk by a storm.
I think if one thing was made clear in the Major it's that C9 as a team have some of the best flashbangs in the business. They were very successful in flashing people off key angles especially on their T side, and if they can get the defense off the power angles then they have five dangerous aimers in the site and that's usually going to be a round win.
They already did their remake on it and they've only been removing maps from the pool to remake them.
If there's one dude who deserves to have a major it's Guardian. He's the epitome of "let's go to the other site fuck pushing into this guy". Fucking legend.
fuck the warriors

fuck steph curry

move the three point line back

also fuck the refs
Nitpicking definitions is stupid, do sports have to be athletic by definition? Depends on which dictionary is your favorite. Probably not? Who cares? Chess, poker, and the spelling bee all make it on ESPN (ahem, Entertainment & *Sports* Programming Network) so I feel like it's pretty safe to call competitive CS a sport.
Very funny Mr. President
As a dick owner who has never sucked a dick before I think I could do a pretty good job. I've spent enough time touching my own damn dick to know what feels good.
He may be dead but his legacy still haunts America in ways that we may not have recovered from in a hundred years.
A lot easier to sell to advertisers who think you're getting 1 million views when actually you're getting 100k.
Just a permanent blood stain on the floor
Tim is a really consistent aimer. I can't really remember ever seeing him miss a kill in an ugly fashion.
I thought it was over dude
fuck yes
Through this suffering I have achieved tranquility. There is no pain. Only victory.
God wants FaZe to win
He got off like 5 too
Are you fucking kidding me olof through the smoke saves the game
The hardest part is always putting together T-side rounds after you've just played CT for 18 rounds, it's not over
They broke! Don't blow it now boys.
I'm in awe from how insane this game has been
Wishing C9 could have closed that Mirage game rn
All the C9 fans collectively exhale
Yeah, the downfall of Rome is almost strictly written about by the Romans, it actually makes history in that period a bit spotty. That's why the whole "barbaric hordes" concept is as popular is it is.
Can C9 dodge Guardian with AWP?

Yes: Win

No: Lose
Dare to dream my man
Scouts putting in fucking work lets go
FaZe kind of saved that half, could have been a lot worse. Still not a whole lot to work with though.
If I've learned anything from Scouts and Knives it's that good players will actually eat you for breakfast in the air compared to on the ground since you have less movement control.
What a nice boy that Sean
Pretty sure there isn't very much with the Scout compared to the AWP
I get the thing of cutting your hair and letting it grow over the season every year but... why bother when you could just rock the flow 365 days a year?
If you don't jailbreak your car you're just a fucking sheep man
Man for an Asian you're fucking retarded
There's a difference between cheering and yelling callouts lol, this is grimy sure but yelling callouts is on another level
The other alternative is that both teams on one side of semis play twice on Saturday, but you could make the argument that would hurt them for Grand Finals the next day.
It rhymes in Latin
thank mr skadoodle
WHAT UP NOW, BRAZILIANS? WOO!
They're on Teamspeak, the mics can pick that stuff up, maybe not one guy but definitely when they do these chants
Probably somewhere between 6 and 10 km away
All that's left for them to nerf is the Deagle lmao, is that what you want because I think most people would disagree.
And if you're using an island to avoid being spotted, that's no excuse not to be angled and have your bow pointed in a direction you can escape if you do become detected.
That effect on the left is so distracting
Prepared because I hate commitment. I want to be the master of everything dammit. Arcanist is also cool.
Depends what you get. Just a regular ass coffee is like $2, a big frappuccino is more like $5-6
CS:GO is 64 tick (which is honestly enough despite how much people complain) but most private servers and pubs services like ESEA run at 128 tick.
Is somebody an asshole for watching a stream to kill time while literally on standby where nothing is expected of them other than to get back to work when called upon?

Is that any way out of line?

That seems like kind of a stretch.
What an idiot, everyone knows Jesus is from 2000 years ago of course he can't fucking drive for shit
In order for C9 to leave their curse behind they had to transfer it to someone else
You can take Jeff out of the hood but you can't take the hood out of Jeff
Jeff can carry a conversation with any group of people in the world. It's fucking incredible.
I tried to run a fursuit rental service but the feds shut it down
Pretty sure this is why people contribute to open source projects
So sad
Can't win without the superior gamer genes
Well if you're going to barely scrape by in an anti-pistol round might as well do it round 15
The sad thing is that I still don't trust C9 to win this set
C9 are pretty damn good at 5 AK T-side buys
And also the bows and sterns of every single T8-10 BB and a good amount of the armor on higher tier cruisers

It is useless on Moskva though
People overrate how dangerous fires actually are. In a battleship, as long as you live long enough to get your heals off (and you don't run out of heals), fires effectively do 0 damage since they can be completely healed. Yes, sometimes you push in too far and get HE spammed to death before you can escape, but if you make it a habit to not do that, fires aren't that big of an issue.

In cruisers and destroyers, fires don't last as long, your Damage Control Party is on a shorter cooldown, and you're going to eat a lot less HE hits, so fires aren't much of an issue there either.
Of course, the Toronto naval base, which was built to protect Lake Ontario from the dirty New Yorkers.
I kind of wish they made it the Montana to Alsace's Iowa, keeping the guns the same but adding one extra turret. A 4x4 turret layout would be hilarious, but could be balanced if it maintained the crap dispersion and mediocre penetration of the T9's 15" guns.
It's true, he could live in several, some of the borders are ill-defined
This is pretty much the generic cruiser build, although the last 2 points are sort of flex points you can do whatever with. Jack of All Trades is a decent choice for the last 2.
One of the reasons they changed Iowa in particular's citadel is because it was already such a small upgrade from NC, and with that small upgrade comes a gigantic thinly-armored citadel making you the easiest to Devastating Strike battleship in the game. So they changed the citadel to be *still worse than the North Carolina*, since the North Carolina is partially covered by overmatch-proof armor while Iowa's citadel roof is entirely overmatchable by battleship-caliber rounds and they both pretty much have the same armor belt.

So let me make clear, Iowa citadel is *still a downgrade from tier 8*, and not once have I ever heard anyone complain about how difficult NC is to citadel and how it needs its citadel raised. Yet somehow slightly worse protection a tier up is an issue.

Anyone who played high-tier battleships before the citadel changes knows just how easy Iowas were to multi-citadel to death. If you saw one giving any amount of broadside, you shot it, likely for 50k damage. Now, it is still a weakly-protected battleship, but at least it is not completely out of line with its contemporaries.
Yamato has a very thick and reverse-sloped armor belt that causes it to take very little AP damage at long ranges and almost never get citadeled at those ranges, other than lucky hits to the weak spot under A turret. It also has the best bow-on performance, meaning it doesn't have to give broadside where its contemporaries do. In exchange it can eat a lot of citadels at closer ranges.

If you look at Montana, since the new citadel roof is overmatchable it is actually quite a bit easier to citadel at longer ranges and only quite difficult to citadel in brawling ranges. If you made such a change to the Yamato, it would very rarely be citadeled ever since it's very well-protected at long ranges to begin with compared to Iowa or Montana.
This is where Wargaming seems to have gotten confused. The strength of HE in WoWS is really more of a concession to allow cruisers and destroyers to be able to do damage and sink a battleship relatively effectively. Why you would give strong HE to a battleship, well, that's a head-scratcher to me. I know they're very concerned about the bursting charges of RN HE and their little formula they use to calculate these things, but Jesus Christ there's a better way than destroying your own gameplay man.
The shell travel time stuff is misunderstood by most who claim to understand it. They falsely assume the ticks measure distance, they do not, they measure arc, i.e. they represent a larger distance the further the target is. If you actually try the aiming methods some YouTube videos recommend, they clearly cease to function remotely well at longer ranges. To correctly use all of those numbers, you would have to take the distance the enemy, divide it by the time to target, multiply by the speed of the vessel, and then multiply by a conversion factor. Without a targeting computer to simplify this process, this is an unrealistic thing to attempt in the heat of battle! 

In actuality, distance or time to target is actually a relatively minor point in the amount of lead you should give. If you lead a ship heading 30 knots by 15 ticks, you should lead it that much at all ranges. At longer ranges, you may need to add a bit extra due to the aerodynamic drag and the higher arc of the shells, though.
Yeah, 130 mm horizontal armor is effectively impenetrable since true plunging fire ranges don't really exist in WoWS and autobounce will just take over. A USN CA with the range mod might be able to pen that section but come on, how often are they going to hit that tiny little section.
Usually Conquerors burn to death.

Because they sure don't take any fucking AP damage!
He started a eSports team called Empire Arcadia, got some good names by promising a lot, and then basically didn't pay anyone or fulfill his end of the bargain.
Why not enlighten us then lol
You mostly see this when one battleship kites another away for an extended period. The kiting ship will often score a  lot of turret hits when aiming for superstructure. The repeated penetrations of the turret faces eventually deplete the HP pools of the turrets.
This is actually a very complicated question that has never recieved a definitive answer, who owns the rights to broadcast gameplay of a game. Does a player create a transformative work simply by playing the game, giving them a fair use claim on ownership of that content, or does the owner of the game and thus its assets maintain full control no matter who is playing, after all these copyrighted assets are still plainly visible, unlike a stylization of a painting or remix of a song the original art stands as it was intended to be viewed. The answer could also be both, which makes the question of who can stop you even fuzzier.

The lack of specific code on this subject means that sites like Twitch and YouTube are going to play it as safe as possible in fear of dealing with litigation and its costs, even a successful case is still an avoidable expense.
The Hindenburg is one of the most well-balanced ships in the game. The HE does decent reliable damage and sets fires very quickly, and the AP while having poor penetration packs an extreme punch making it situationally very strong. It takes a bit more damage than a Zao or Moskva at longer ranges, but at close range it's very hard to citadel due to its turtleback armor and it has good torps for brawling with good launch angles, making it probably the scariest cruiser to be rushed by considering as well that great AP damage. 
A common theme in Nazi Germany is military men, who were typically the party's loudest supporters, in the positions of scientists and engineers. The Nazis developed a technological debt to the Allies that was of great consequence during the war.
What are you gonna pick in a fight, a wizard, or a fucking AH-64 Apache?
They are supposed to be Cyrillic characters but your computer cannot display them without a language pack installed that uses the Cyrillic alphabet, e.g. Russian.
When Chris Sale was left in for the 8th inning in game 4 of the ALDS after pitching multiple stellar innings of relief and he gave up the game-tying home run, and then Craig Kimbrel came in and pitched his worst outing of the year giving up the lead and an insurance run.
Nope
Welcome to the Plup Club
the one true god era PlupW
Plup is the true protagonist of Melee
We all knew it was going to happen one of these days.

Shoutouts to Plup for actually fucking doing it. Unreal.
great fucking post
Even if they're not OP strictly speaking, they're extremely uninteractive to play against, they do damage and there's nothing you can do to stop it except get unspotted, you can't capitalize on their mistakes like you can with basically every other BB (even Kurfurst can eat big AP salvos despite the turtleback, Conqueror really doesn't). 

The fact that the RN BB line exists as it does really makes me wonder what the hell WG designers were thinking. It's what people hate about Khaba, HE damage you can't do much about and hard to kill, turned up to 11, with more damage at a longer range and even harder to kill. The only somewhat reasonable justification for the design of the RN BB line is that they wanted ships for the worst players in WoWS to do well in, and I don't think I need to explain how stupid that is.

Now, Khabarovsk is finally in a place where it feels pretty reasonable, so maybe if the community keeps telling we'll see its low-skill cousin follow the same path, but I wouldn't count on it.
The Conqueror does not discriminate with its 12k damage double fire volleys, all are free to recieve them.
American democracy may be broken but good god should China be the ones to talk

The biggest criticism of American democracy is that the power has accumulated at the top, which is not what a democracy is supposed to be. In China the power is at the top by design.
It did serve a purpose though, the idea was that any German attack on the French would have to go around their common border and instead through Belgium or Luxembourg, which would make it an international incident and force other nations to involve themselves in France's defense. The French were not ready for the realities of defending against mechanized infantry though, what was thought to be a safe buffer with which they could buy time to move troops was overrun quickly and the French army was picked apart in disarray.
They actually explicitly let you keep your WoWS anime-free 
This is what crossfires are for! They can't be angled to everyone if your team gets to opposing angles.
They can't withhold their pay for *this* shutdown though, which is what was proposed. A bill that withheld congressional pay during all future government shutdowns (starting with the next election) would be fine.
True, but the bill in question was only to effect this particular shutdown.
And the 63 mm should be replaced by overmatchable armor, as is it autobounces any shells that come in contact with it, you can only realistically score citadels in the middle section as is even at very long ranges where the plunge comes into effect.
It was pointed out that the 27th amendment actually makes such a bill unconstitutional
nice humble brag
Scharnhorst is about as tanky as T7 ships come
Not to mention the 1 BB no CV BS.
i would have been so pissed if i lost to that
Generally speaking people will be able to get low-interest credit no problem to cover the gap since the banks know the money is coming in sooner or later, unless your credit is just absolutely in the shitter.
OoT is honestly a bit of a grind until you get the Master Sword, but once you do the game opens up so much and it really hits its stride.
This kind of sensationalism really weakens the cause.

If there is one situation that it's absolutely okay for a police officer to use deadly force, it's when they or someone else has been attacked with deadly force. Now in an ideal world that isn't always even necessary, but pragmatism kind of wins out here.

There are far too many examples of cops overstepping those bounds, and there's clearly a very unhealthy culture in many police forces American and worldwide where there are cops who chose their line of work not to preserve peace or justice, but to start shit or even take lives "legally" as they see it.

When you have sensationalism like this, it makes it so easy for even intelligent people to look at this, come to the conclusion it's bullshit, and plant the idea in their mind that maybe lots of these sorts of stories are fabricated or misleading.
Pretty sure that's a server desync where the packet that deletes the torpedo gets lost. I don't think it could actually hit anybody.
I'm surprised they went after the fighters and left the strike package the same.
With fatter DDs like Gearing and Grozovoi you can get full pens even against flat broadside
Considering the armor in question is completely horizontal only USN cruisers are really going to have any chance of avoiding auto-bounce against the plate in question. I don't think it's as big of a deal as you're making it out to be. That said, if it's inaccurate it should definitely be changed.
Something like a 75% chance if you ask the pollsters
I bought an LG G5 specifically due to how easy it is to repair. I've had to take it apart a few times before, my mom could probably figure it out.
I found out I can just get a new screen for my phone for $75 and install it myself pretty easily so I've gotten a little more reckless with it
Pretty sure I had 2 or 3 of them, but I sold them all before the patch where they changed their slot that made them actually useful. Haven't got one since.
Not to mention that the Supreme Court has already found legal discrimination based on sexual orientation to be in violation of the equal protection clause, meaning whatever rules Trump hopes to pass would be unconstitutional and mearly clog up the courts.
My Montana is my most successful ship. Especially after the citadel changes, it's just so versatile. It's extremely tanky when angled, the gunpower is superb, and it's maneuverable enough with good turret angles. I feel like I just win fights effortlessly with it, especially if I can get inside 15 km.
This mechanic exists in every single first person shooter, whereby whoever is further from an angle can see the person on the other side of it without being seen. It's just geometry. So I guess first person shooters suck.
The good news is that we're in first.

The bad news is that we're 9 points out of last.
They certainly have the right to find new jobs
Someone seems to have loaded his AWP full of blanks
Would you rather go to Mexico with the clothes on your back and maaaybe in like 3 years you can come back, but realistically probably not, or would you rather try to lay low and hope that you don't get noticed by immigration, but if you do you have to live in Mexico for the rest of your life which is the probable outcome of option 1 anyway? I think the vast majority would choose the latter, but both options are fucked. This dude got put into horrible circumstances by no fault of his own. Blame his parents, sure, but you're not supposed to have to answer for their parent's crime.
Well sorry about your lack of empathy
There's nothing lucky about not being able to legally exist in the country your parents raised you in

Some might argue that's unfair and that we should accomodate people like this man who became illegal immigrants by no fault of their own.
You cannot apply for a visa when illegally in the country. He would have had to leave the country he was raised in for an indeterminate amount of time (often years), in hope of being allowed long-term entry with no guarantee of being allowed to do so.
Subarus exist at the intersection between speed and practicality. 
Such a no-brainer to use with the new French BBs. 
30 second reload * 0.88 for MBM3 * 0.75 for Legendary FR captain = 19.8 second reload at 1 HP

We are all Scharnhorst on this blessed day
Welcome to the world of lowest bidder government contract software.
That's assuming that every operation a GPU does is part of pixel filling which is false. Twice the pixels =/= half the frame rate.
[Something about the art style reminds me of the portraits in the Infinity Engine games](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/baldursgategame/images/d/d6/Minsc_Portrait_BG2.png/revision/latest?cb=20130515170858)
Which is bullshit, because if you didn't know that you might give 3 stars for an average ride even though it was totally fine, and it would take four 5 star ratings to get you to a mean of 4.6 after that.

Note that a like/dislike system completely solves this problem. If Uber gave a single fuck about their drivers they would switch to one, but they don't.
Makes me feel kind of bad when I hobble into class half-asleep in pajama pants and a hoodie with ketchup stains on it.
[Apparently they fixed it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqg6LXGkh_o)
Huh, didn't know that. Makes sense I guess, it puts the star on your last autosave so it does actually save after you kill Ganon.
Can't save once you start the Ganon fight without a glitch that kind of ruins your save though
You also have to do this to get the Bow of Light in the Compendium
He cashed in on the dotcom bubble to make his first real fortune. Don't get me wrong, he was clearly a smart dude, he made exactly the product investors thought they wanted and sold it at the peak of its value, but there's also a right place right time factor there.
Large-scale demolitions like this are always really cool to see
Would I be correct in assuming that the evolutionary benefit behind this mechanism is that it causes the turtles to reproduce very quickly in their ideal conditions?
Iron tovarisch is made from ultra-strong Stalinium plating
Nothing gay about that
I'm pretty sure that dude just made 4 strokes in a 5 second gif, maybe 5, not 100% sure.
Ishiiruka which is a fork of the Dolphin emulator has a bunch of lighting settings you can play around with. Faster Melee is actually a fork of Ishiiruka so all of those settings are there.
Stop bot on bot violence
Assuming n is an int at least.
Tape over the ends
Never forget OoT Any% 18:10

Actually the last time I watched that category (other than random 1-off checks to see route changes)
He went to SGDQ and going to 2 GDQs in a year for is a lot when you're coming from the U.K.
The word on the wind says these pools aren't final.
Anti-vaccers running supermajors SMH
I far prefer how they do it now. The personal story dialogue just breaks up the flow of gameplay too much. It feels a lot more smooth now.
The other side of the argument is that bows are very powerful and it makes sense that they require heavy investment to use effectively.
I wonder if you could get it online with a USB network adapter. Android theoretically has the drivers to make that work.
Systemic problems are still problems. If a system that is supposed to represent everyone is disproportionately representing certain groups than that system is failing to do it's job. If race, as you say, didn't matter, then we would expect to see nearly an exact representation of demographics, as a random selection from a sample is going to usually look a lot like that sample. It doesn't. Not even close. The only conclusion we can ascertain from that is that race does matter. And that's a problem, you seem to agree with me there. So rather than do nothing about it lets try to solve the problem.
There was only actually one ladder where I had that issue, in the Tomb of Giants.
It seems like they're just culling everything darker than a certain value to 0,0,0. That would be easy to implement on any popular game engine, it's basically just a form of color grading.
Put Yoshi in the trash where he belongs
Vegetarians appropriated tofu from Asian culture! Wait who gives a fuck
They just want a big asshole to tell them that he is going to make everything alright while he picks their pockets and burns down their homes in broad daylight. Is that too much to ask for?
It helps that McDonalds has better coffee for cheaper
Gonna need at least a toonie for anything passable
Traction control only does anything if your foot is on the gas
Do you think Hugo is worse at vodka shots or charge shots