gotcha thanks.. i hadn't previously looked at release dates anywhere to see the later date like at [target](https://www.target.com/p/avatar-last-airbender-complete-series-blu-ray/-/A-53564171)
whats only at best buy.. the cover?
...fight? where?
What is also interesting is what stance is taken on him disclosing the prescriptions to the public. Also a violation of HIPAA.

Not that I'm an apologist, just work under these laws too.
I mean, if you are counting NASCAR Truck practice live.... 
/r/dvdcollection 

My current preorder list:

* Saving Private Ryan 4k SB	Best Buy	8-May
* Braveheart 4k	Best Buy	15-May
* Gladiator 4k	Best Buy	15-May
* Bill & Teds Steelbook	Best Buy	15-May
* Three Billboards Steelbook	Zavvi	21-May
* Patriot 4k	Amazon	22-May
* Fury 4k	Best Buy	22-May
* Red Sparrow	Best Buy	22-May
* Forrest Gump 4k	Best Buy	12-Jun

>This happens when you have two X's that are close to each other. If you position yourself correctly, you can get two chests from the same hole.

sounds like the best tinder experience to me
its sad that there is a moral high ground... 

what's the alternative... a... swamp?
Acceptance, inclusion, equality... these things sound terrible. How dare they.
And yet by voting conservative you provide a vote of support for it.
> That said, companies don’t dictate our policies, our citizens do.

I'm sorry. No. That's not how politics in this day and age work.
Well..  leading the pack with a fumble of a speaker setup
Yep... no reason we can't get quality coverage... I was purely countering OP's point
Fox is crap.. on any sport

I get both with my <$40/mo Youtube TV subscription... as well as ESPN & others
piggly wiggly is bottom of the barrel
other than entire leagues shown live (NHL, EPL, etc)
You live in Kennesaw.....
first thing I thought of... [infinite breadsticks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnVgVGjqgO0&t=2m59s)
One of the many reasons I don't buy these packs
this + moving center channel up will hands down provide the biggest different.

OP Please go look through other similar posts and see the input proivded, as the setup you have currently is pretty common as a starting point.
towards will, away from grace
assistant to the regional manager
just ordered mine
I think Totem, Goldenear, and many others have some wonky dimensioned centers.
Neither the name nor the status surprise me. heh.
I also found road noise high but bearable on my optima.
13.. hours... ? How is SFGAm your local and SV in the NW burbs is 13 hours? AND you are now saying StL is closer? So confused
you didn't state a budget?
Six Flags Santa's Village ?
It came down to cost/warranty and comfort for me. The Honda was slightly more expensive at the similar trim level (EX) and I felt it was fugly as hell inside.
Went to six flags a few years back, McDonald's at the next exit east had 3 working girls hanging out at the end of the drive thru.

Fries really do come with that shake.
The UK continues to imitate and (d)evolve into the US. Food, government, nutjobs.. it runs the full gammut.
He does embody violence...  speed and momentum he stuggles a bit with though
HDMI 2.0a is your minimum HDMI spec, btw
I got an email earlier in april with a one-time-use code. But when shopping online it showed me which items were discountable in the listing. There were lots of exceptions on this one, even more than normal. But thankfully this brand of TVs were not.
So you want to watch a surround sound experience... In stereo.

Mmmk
LEGO
Ordered mine (65") from Best Buy. Got a 10% discount for birthday month too (and still 24mo interest free)

Will replace a B8 series Samsung 55" from 8 years ago. Now I need a DV/HDR10 player and to upgrade my receiver ;)


2500 OMEGALUL
Yeah very little office work in the facilities here.
Their Atlanta jobs are more white collar, so it isn't like they just migrated the work. Definitely a market shift to software services over physical
Grails you traditionally don't own.

Things that exist:

* Scrubs Full Box Set (new)
* Hard Bass 2012 The Live Registration (DVD+Bluray)


Things that don't exist: 

* RAD 4k
* Convoy 4k
* Space Camp 4k
Weirdest part is that they just paid a fortune to regrade a bunch of the land and expand the parking lot of the Corporate Ridge facility
sorry
second run preorder on. be sure to leave your address in the non obvious comment box
Nah, I am adding a vote of support. Shit is good.and sometimes you don't have time for a full prep.
Shrug, I sometimes meal prep with zattarans box mixes, in decent portion control manner.
Some (smaller) situations would allow for a line conditioner after the ups
[I like it too](https://ci.memecdn.com/10691721.jpg)
Lorelai is life.
Buying.
People come to forums to discuss their problem, but here on Reddit especially they don't look first to see if it has already been posted
Have you ever picked something up at a Walmart store using their store pickup? Amazon shipping is literally faster than whatever clerk you get.
If you could "afford" this, you'd be paying it off straight up. If you're doing that.. awesome man.. you're gonna fix your credit soon. Keep up the good work.
> always make sure we can afford things before we make large purchases.

This is literally the opposite of buying with credit (unless you pay it off 100% each month and do it for whatever rewards)
If your credit is fucked, this is only hurting you more. Go get a best buy credit card.. or better yet.. stop buying things you can't afford. Sorry to be that guy, but the advice these guys are giving you is real.
> Therefore, multiple religions existing implies that most (all but one) are wrong.

False logic.

All can be wrong.
very cool style
[Put them together...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJy8kdNNrvI&t=0m47s)
hueReact
Why is this issue, that was prevalant in beta.. STILL HAPPENING?

To this day, EVERY time I want to launch the game I have to uninstall and reinstall an app like "xbox insider hub" to get past this.

Rare plz.
Wow, invested. Respect.
That's a lot of typing for some sarcasm.
Nothing here. But... Why would you swipe again when it is already running anyway?
Bobo is doing partial video editing for a lot of guys now, as well as the non-MTB YouTube editing he does for a living.
Have never seen this. 
Just move them to the proper place a few inches at a time and they will never notice.
here we go...

speaker on top of main heat exhaust.. ballsy

R speaker tucked, for all practical purposes, behind the sub. 

Both L & R need to be pulled forward to be level with the center to give them a proper presence/soundfield. This also prevents reflections off the right sub.
I have noticed that when my bathroom mini does the good morning routine and I change the volume during the "start this on your phone" warning, it stops the news entirely.
We have very little information to go on in this video..  

And again.. I only stated a contrasting opinion to the guy I replied to, not OP.
I haven't but I verified twice since signing up that I have zero contract and can quit anytime. All the employees at mine are pretty friendly young people.
I've had a fantastic experience at mine
[wot](https://thechive.files.wordpress.com/2017/02/you-will-either-love-or-hate-the-new-what-in-tarnation-meme-2.jpg?quality=85&strip=info&w=600)
where's the home theater part?
You mean [Rene](http://images2.fanpop.com/images/photos/2900000/Rene-mallrats-2966993-282-411.jpg)?
Columbus too. Guac is life.
You might even.. .you know.. make a video about it...  ;)

(mc)
Link to gear literally in video information
you guys... the real heroes.. 
You kids can have your Alyssa Milano... HMC for life.
I haven't listened to a single one of those yet, but I'm upvoting and thanking you as I'm always looking for more female fronted rock/alt pop. Metric, Chvrches, Liz Phair.. run the gamut. Love it.
TCL new units in 2 weeks. Also they have the single fastest "smart TV"/"apps" interface of any tv, if that's something you're interested in.
I love that it states when your bike is stolen or not if it is stolen
Can't wait.. though [jury is still out on the master](http://realorfake4k.com/my-product/red-sparrow/)
I did that then integrated the light rings with my nanoleaf setup so they all change based on the music in the room
there's always ghosts there.. but you can see their feet under the sheets
On the xcals you're really limited to a 100mm front fork & their offset from what I remember..  otherwise you're good.

(I have 1 2017 and 2 2018 xcal8's in the fam)

[not always](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWojvo6RKoQ)
You can get it for much less than that off eBay. That said Cambridge audio, pioneer (elite), and some other companies make similar devices. Just don't outbid me.
Looks like someone followed through. I didn't personally report him, but his account is suspended. Feelsbadman.
yeah, my son is kicking himself he didn't get one then. I'm sure it'll drop on sale again some point in the near future and they'll go like hotcakes again.

Coworker just brought in 20+ breakfast sandwiches. Add some strawberry jelly..  oh evil never tasted so good.
11? See [this link](https://www.redditinc.com/policies/user-agreement), #34.

> reddit is not directed at people under the age of 13, and reddit does not knowingly collect any personal information from such people. If you know that a user under the age of 13 is accessing reddit, please contact us here.

While I welcome and encourage your enthusiasm in this topic.. reddit isn't really the place for you to be.
Holy Try Hard.

Eat some of that deliciously evil chicken and stfu.
heh... phew
center channel is to the side of the tv?

uhm.
Interesting. Wonder what that was then I didn't take a deep look.
we knew there would be an april sale, but still $10 higher than the normal sale price
or, how to put speakers outside of usable range
nice try, firefox devs
saw one in the fan shop at Atlantic Station tonight
baseball.

oh.. video game. I'll see myself out.
This. Never would I have guessed TRU had park tools, not even back of house.
Trying to figure out why a Playboy bunny would sleep with him in the first place?
Looks dry?

Edit: Lulz, downvotes on a question. Stay classy r/Atlanta
I remember getting this CD through Columbia House Music club in...  '91?
So what is the UPC... Asking for a friend. 
Google.
So self posts with links. Not link posts where you just click on the image on the right.
You want to be able to see all links in the comments without opening the comments?
There's a fair number of stadiums that have fallen off (MU, Chelsea, Arsenal for sure) but I would never say across the board.
Old Trafford these days is well known as a pretty sterile atmosphere compared to other EPL venues. While the article was overall decent,  there were a few weird steps like this.
Step one, get over it.

All good.
Oh this again

Do we even have mods?
nope. google maps will tell you how to get out quick.
I always enjoyed the [old pirate classic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsuVXmW_ebU) NSFW
Not that this is humor.. 

..but i'd add a terrorism flag to the bottom far right column as well
[The original tweet](https://twitter.com/franklin_graham/status/936576088213467136?lang=en), with many additional excellent responses
that male muffin top though
It isn't just tax breaks, they want all money. you basically get a small bump for service industry and a dent in the city services
As a city you end up behind. Its why Chicago opted out.
getting a lot of these apps posted the past few days.

[HueReact](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hallidev.HueReact) is my favorite thus far.
I saw a guy in r/Atlanta post that the South is LESS racist than the North. 
Is there still a Yanni CD donation level?
What does a vegan pirate do in jail? Starrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrve!
Not a white suburb very mixed.
Not in a suburb.
Too much breakfast club? Not sure what's going on here. Good day.
Yep. North Chicago subirbs. Same as Alpharetta... Cobb..  similar high end  areas. Except here that extends beyond the high end snobbery of outsiders.

You can't refute what I stated, and are still making bad comparisons.


You're comparing NYC... And Gwinett? Even ignoring the weak argument the comparison is crazy. 

A chicago suburb of similar stature is full of 'black families'.. same with a NYC suburb.

When I moved to Georgia from the South, I was told which side of a dividing road in town I should live on (I'm white). I was constantly assumed to  be Christian and Republican and against blacks, because I'm white and male. My divorce lawyer, an ex state senator, fielded calls from the local GOP party about how to stop the blacks from getting more power.

Racism is ever present and palpable in the South. To deny otherwise is fooling yourself. Segregation remains at a visible scale.

Is it in every single neighborhood, no. But stop painting your broad strokes and misguided comparisons.

In Chicago no one gave a fuck.  
I still have no idea what you're getting at
"some like real neighborhood"?? What does that even mean?

And does Gwinett not have neighborhoods?
As someone who grew up in Chicago burbs... this guy is full of shit.  

In Chicago very few people give a fuck if you are black, white, fat, Mexican, religious, etc. 
As someone who's lived all around the country this is the most ridiculous thing I've ever read
Can we get rid of Thursday Night Football next?
thousands of us
Two weekends ago, in 3h... I checked D & C. No connectivity on the free WiFi on any of them. No signal  on B & A at all. Didn't even show up.
The top 2 inches were solid and the rest hollow.. haven't bought one recently but still have my computer's DAC mounted to mine with the tower sitting on top.
Dom Diver strikes again
I think yesterday was the first day I've seen you 'take off' Beav! 


As always, thanks for doing these.
[bailiff ready](https://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMjE1MTI0Njc5Nl5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTgwNjU2NzEyMjE@._V1_.jpg)
...'strech'
These aren't amazon mounts, they are mount genie, available on amazon
They give a nod for best diving? Ahh yes, I see you Dom Diver 
Live in Southern US...zero concern there.
It's definitely a love and hate thing with people. I can't see myself getting one but it does get reviewed in the same 'top 3" posts often
Fox transfer, ks lev are my shortlist with the reverb a little ways behind. All are about the same price give or take.

I'm in the market for a dropper. Not that the specialized was on my short list... but it definitely isn't now. ouch.
I optical out of the PC to a DAC (Emotiva XDA2), and XLR top the speakers. I have the speakers set to about 85% or so, and use windows settings to control my volume. Works pretty damn well. 

I'd love an XLR Emotiva Control Freak though.
[Alabama has them too](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81ojKfMLEEL._SL1500_.jpg) - though they denote incest
You got a case for your phone.. sweet
r/blackplasticcrap/
That's the one
I think the term you're looking for is bimbo
To get this $500 REI bike to a $1000 better spec'd bike will cost you more than $1000 total down the road.

Around a $1000 its going to be tough to beat the spec level on something like a Trek XCal 8 when upgrading a lower end bike.
Is the tv high because you plan on replacing it with something bigger?
avoid the redneck riviera (PCB).. unless tourist traps are your thing
ESPN commentary is the worst. Especially Senor OverPronounceEverySpanishName
subwoofer level (top dial) is also set to 0
TCL is putting out amazing displays cheap. No you aren't getting OLED out of them.. but you are getting the best TV under $1000 every time. They are about to release their 2018 models, so deals will be happening on the 2017 real soon.
Who fully supports him, and runs the business in the background? Sounds awful. We should all be so unfortunate. /s
A Sea of Theives version of Fortnite's llama.

g e n i u s.
Let alone having a small dog (or any dog) loose in a car.


It isn't fake, and there's only 2 attractions in the county.. a state park and an outdated gardens/golf course/thingyplace
Harris County, Georgia. Not a fake sign. The guy had another about "dun like it git thur fuk outta hurr" before
This is the answer.. no idea why it is at the bottom.
bar chart with blue and red for states would show an interesting although incomplete picture as well
Which is 'funny' as Harris isn't a all white county.
I'm aware of why it happens, but not everyone participating is from out of town 
KEITH.. you fucking legend.
If you drive, I'll state that I've never in my life seen drivers as consistently bad anywhere as I have around Perimeter.
Good old family values.
iridocyclitis
oh my
Nice. I've been to places that were $12 for a bottle of bud. sad sad holes that thought they were fancier than they were.
The names are literally right there... Not too hard to match most of them up

Stan top left..  etc


I'd take the articles if THEY were behind the extra button instead of MY information
Damn it Tonk.. I almost made this comment on the youtube vid.
The biggest don't of all..

Don't fall in love with the stripper. Every newbie does this. She ain't gonna remember anything about you 3 private dances with someone else later. You're there to buy overpriced beer and see some skin. Settle down, Beavis.
 #8000knots 

When you're just rushing to get the karma and don't care about looking the fool
shared filler news stories are no different than the AP stories newspapers use to add content from out of their market/national without having dedicated resources.

the sinclair issue is about directly controlled misinformation.

you're comparing apples and knickers
capacity will be less of an issue than originally thought because its shorter than a carnival ride
I wish this sub was above the memes
Does LaGrange have prostitutes outside McDonalds? Because I've seen that a few times in the area around Six Flags. Hope where you are landing is a bit nicer than both!
I laughed way more at your spelling of technique
Great job being wrong on all accounts though.

For some hindsight is a bitch.. for others it was always staring them right in the face.
Relay, insta, waze
As a Blackhawks fan, this is the silliest thing I've seen on this sub in a long while.
wat

our planet is doomed.
Found the guy that wears Crocs /s
Having lived there, I'm well aware. Doesn't mean this still shouldnt be frowned upon.
554 upvotes for a completely broken link. OP has no idea how to submit yotube videos in 2018. Looks like he copied the video to his own channel to get the views. 
now move them apart....
every city sub posting this right now. its the new "don't like the weather, wait 10 minutes" 
I think a few inches to a foot in mismatch would still sound better than them coming from 6-8', easily.

But I understand the kids part.
socks... sandals... oh my. (Even in Oregon)
there looks to be plenty of room for the speakers at 'normal' levels.. why did you choose to go so high?
This isn't all of a sudden coming out.. the Sinclair is evil thing has been going for [quite some time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvtNyOzGogc)
pick up the phone...
Or [this one from Last Week Tonight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvtNyOzGogc)

Or [this article](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/15/technology/fcc-sinclair-ajit-pai.html) about how they may be personally benefitting from the FCC

its always the kid that gets fucked.
If only there was something about it in the rulebook....


...oh wait
Slow news day?
The cost though.. beta was $1k
many many moons ago, I used to doodle race tracks like this
Being a kid you feel safe because you never have to think about that stuff. It is completely different as an adult.
The area you are moving to is a good one. Very low risk. No worries.
Can confirm, his house is a noted landmark
Dunkin is better.
You'd love listening to people in the Southeastern US talk about how "cold" it gets in winter
everytime someone says "dont like the weather, give it a hour/day" I cringe. Everyone everywhere says that.
I'd forgotten about him. Now I feel bad. He was a fantasy staple for me.
How tall is that middle shelf that isn't behind glass?
Throwable lightning bolt stick new exotic confirmed.
came for this, disappointed it isn't higher
I use the Anker soundbuds slim and have no complaints. Under $30 and last a workday
Nice try, timthetatman
Fantastic pic, available in better resolutions? (1440 in particular)

when someone clearly supports the **F**UD News Channel but talks about other people guided by fear.
Get out of here with your rational, well thought out stance.
your computer cooling intake is the front of your PC. You have that jammed against a piece of wood. You are not getting cooling kike you could. Face your PC out.
That Patriot preorder is a great price for a proper 4k
I've been doing penis drawings since day 1 (all couple of days)
[The soundtrack to this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHc288IPFzk)
Personally couldn't be less interested until we get infini walkways under us with full movement tracking.
Thought that was Alexa Davalos for a second
Today Calendar
magNOvox
>what i dont get is why faking the funk says that some cd rips i have done are true flacs even though there from a cd which defies logic.

uh.. people rip flacs from CD all the time...?
[Many choices](https://www.reddit.com/r/chrome/search?q=mute&sort=new&restrict_sr=on&t=all)
stay in school kids
Then why worry about speaker placement? Enjoy your living room setup!
tv height, as mentioned in another comment
so even if you get the L/R speaker layout right .. your tv and what looks to be the attached center channel will still be off.  the only small amount of semblance you'll have is if you mount the L/R the same height..

Hope you don't mind standing through movies ;)
why is this being asked again, rather than looking at a previous post?
I mean, Salem is also a giant hole
I think playing solo would be more fun than playing with random goons in matchmaking. The most frustrating multiplayer experience I've ever had.

..and I play The Division.
oh man, 40 days to wait til you get to play with that? painful!
they need to come away from the side walls too. forward is the best bet to solve both issues.
I have yet to see that button do a damned thing on any social media network. Especially Twitter and it's fucktard "in case you missed it" 
She just wanted her change so she could "leaf"
Aahhh, mute.
with a filter, yes.. that clip was from a prior video where he was testing that
If you can't get in at a free range place,  Second Home Pet Resort on River road isn't awful.
So you admit it is pointless, pompous, incorrect, and a complete waste of breath. Great, we are on the same page then.
Same.. they were amazing.
Elephant ears/funnel cakes
Don't join if your wallet can't handle it!
The FB group is insane
That's not how free speech works.
This guy dicks.
Well summit wants to play with Logan ... And you know he loves asshats (scamOG)
Oh god.. waiting for a group now to try and setup a RP like GTA with Sheriff Eli
I found truecar to be quite reliable for my area. I got third party credit union loan.
And some that think they should stay together because of a kid.

We don't know any of this from their perspective.
To add to the theory, his wife is now pregnant with #2. Not saying I believe it or don't.. just saying.
Spoken like a true /r/dvdcollection member.. I have even more in my list for May.. Bill & Ted's Steelbook, Patriot 4k, Fury 4k, 
Hey, at [least it was only clapping this time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OWbLJC9gTE&t=0m53s)
Does anyone else wish there were more zigbee solutions instead of everything riding the wifi?
great post
Jim's one of the most loved guys in US soccer. There's a mini documentary about it/him on YouTube that will crush the strongest of men.
says the guy holding up his phone.... /s
[Portland](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0gvdQ7E790) 

Timber Jim's daughter, Hannah, was killed in an automobile accident in 2004, and in her memory, the Timbers Army made a tradition of singing "You Are My Sunshine", often led by a tearful Timber Jim.

Also, he's clearly a blonded banged punk kid..
god damn it, just realize my phone mangled that. ffs. :(
I bet it'll be a party
Gotcha, the photo angle makes the left look like it is about 2 ft back from the right, due to the window/patio door or whatever is on the left there.
are they even?

and are the fronts parallel to the tv stand or do they have some space and are toed in?
Awesome..thanks for the info
Gorgeous setup.. two questions

1. How's the center? I've been having a hell of a time getting a matching center without laying down the cash, and i'm worried that it is too small for my room anyway.

2. Why are the surrounds pointing toward the center of the room rather than the listening position (4 and 5 in a 5.1 are surrounds, and should be to the side of the listener pointed in towards them)
its all good, just funny
Anyone else get the pre-order on all star game tickets? Snagged two in the supporters section.. should still be a riot for that game.
>female rock band

dude... on guitar...
but but... that wasn't a bulldozer though 
Does the US have a mens team? /s
Willing to bet this gag is older than you are.
All my non-Chicago Illinois friends are posting that tripe on FB and doing the white girl "OMG this is soooooo me"
I was in the WC opening parade in Chicago in '94, and went to Germany v Spain at Soldier Field. It was an amazing experience, and I hate that current gen of Chicago kids will miss out. But purely based on the economics, it is the right decision.
I think he is talking about razer's new thing?
No.

Also.. not everyone throws their setup against the wall so it doesnt really work the same.
He plays soft rock. And that's ok, if that's your thing 
What Keith Urban sings is neither modern bro country or older real country. Keith Urban plays soft rock.
Is the home brew place on Britt David closed? Haven't been by there in forever.
Working without issue here
I'm down in Columbus, craigslist and pawn shops are useless here, just no market for anything decent. Thanks for the recommendations. 
What good audio shops are there in Atlanta, and which sell lightly used gear. (For used, Perimeter Magnolia is dryer than the 90 year old at the Superica bar)
Posts album with chive flag... On reddit.


..so brave
Did Trump the brand ever give all employees (hotel, etc) a bonus like his beloved corporate shills?
The placement of those speakers & sub is absolute cringe
To add to his accurate comment.. Atmos is above.. so the 5 is your front, center, sides. 7 adds the two rears. .1 or.2 for your subs. Third octet, usually .2 or .4 are your above, ala Atmos.

Sometimes this is phrased as 9.1 or 11.1, depending on the brand, but that also can indicate (in most mid and higher end gear) that many of the later channels are "assignable" to whatever location you want them.
That's only a 5 minute walk if you have no legs 
Depth of speaker from wall is more important for speakers that have a rear port. It can help other speakers too, but 10"+ spacing like of they we're even with the front of an entertainment center (not touching, or square with!) should be plenty for most. Your 7'/9' spacing should be fairly decent.. just set the toe in to aim just passing your ears in the main listening position (slightly wider for a larger room/wider couch won't hurt too much)
sound stage. you want something roughly around an equilateral triangle in distance between the L/R and you. Results may vary by room/listener. Ultra high level... Too close and you don't get separation of sounds, too far and you don't get a connected sound.
Watched a bunch of youtubers at the park (Bobo, Seth, Singletrack, etc) and every one of them have stated how insanely steep it is. I look forward to getting my skills to that level and checking it out.
space camp.. kid might be a little young though ;)

Also, FTP
Further proof that no one who posts here, reads the comments on other threads. This is example #1 of a bad setup.. people put everything in as small and uniform a footprint as possible, take picture, post! sigh.
Was driving by the Brookhaven station at 2.. I've never seen it so crowded, and a huge line at the ticket machine downstairs. Lots of United gear being worn. Seems to be the way to go.
Confirmed
Not in.. color order... *Twitch*
Are you looking for a school that has food trails nearby.. or a school with a good team to join?
Why is this something to celebrate?
AA shouldn't show until phone is connected either
Paging u/thatsmyaibo for the lulz
Do you need HDMI?
Better get in the road.. just let work know you'll be gone
maps.google.com

go to columbus

type "crossfit" in search box

profit
omg that was absolutely awful.. is that cat dying?
I believe the people with bad phones have a right to be vocal about their situations, but we always hear more negative than positive about things, so it can lead to a skewed view of the ratio of good/bad.
My first still running perfect. 
Interesting. Haven't seen it at all yet.
Yep, a chunk of the "2k 4k" releases look good. Just pointing out for OP who is looking for "reference", I tend to point people at the "real or fake" site just to get a better understanding of whats there. Its by no means a "dont buy" thing to me.
[Use this list to see what is really 4k](http://realorfake4k.com/list/). 

Yes, most of the movies in the "fake" category will also look really good, often a bit better than the 1080 release.. but you are asking for reference, and reference is full 4k to me.
The movie or the release?

* Shot on 35mm (some scenes 70mm)
* VFX Rendered in 4K and 5.6K
* Digital Intermediate at 4K
Only Blade Runner, Dunkirk and Allied are actually 4k from that list... for those that are nitpicky.
DMV syndrome
This guy vined
That's it? I expected something much bigger. 
I've had an Er 8 Pro listed for sale for a while. Has upgraded memory & fans. Let me know.
I can't think of a reason TO use the official app. Buggy, lack of features...etc..
Never change Atlanta
Standard rack is ups at bottom, patch panel at the top
 UPS... at the TOP of the rack? oh my

don't tell /r/homelab 
I see you've never daisy chained a pile of UW SCSI drives
the bar tv not being centered in its space.. *twitch*
only hit his back because he stepped away from the ball into the guys path TO get fouled
taking a step to the right, away from the ball, so that one could be run into. lul.
Do you go that crazy about every moron on twitch that donates with a racist message? You must be worn out.

Ninja was also given a temporary twitch ban. He broke the rules. 
Don't forget their horrendous over focus on parking tickets
His camgirl
This is why Society can't evolve
Variety is good.. but I wouldn't say there is anything that blows your mind either.
Sucks man.. hope it works out
Not OP, but generally speaking, the events are well known enough around here to not need to link it every time.
timthetatman noticed the same.. a non-standard acceleration of subs, most by random new accounts
Ahh gotcha.. sorry I glossed over that.. yeah that might seem too good to be true
Its only [848 shipped on B&H](https://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1333824-REG/synology_ds1817_2gb_ds1817_8_bay_nas.html?ap=y&c3api=1876%2C%7Bcreative%7D%2C%7Bkeyword%7D&gclid=CjwKCAiArOnUBRBJEiwAX0rG_dZZAFZ7UZ5Ewf9O7yunKDInPuPbmifid0W37XNRFi0PTYQjJRVZqhoCJeMQAvD_BwE)
Lets be honest, while Atlanta has "good" and "bad" bbq places.. it is, relatively speaking, NOT a bbq town. It is mostly rehashed versions of other areas bbq specialties. 
>Legos

LEGO, LEGO bricks, or LEGO pieces.... Never legos
the usual... tv too high, speakers pointed straight... ;)

and even a nice jar (candle?) in front of the center channel
this should be top post. what the fuck is with the placement of the speakers?
Here we go again...
But three points is more stable than four... The old barstool test.

/s
Best Buy has had BP2 4k steelbook for over $50 since announcement.. hoping this Amazon (non steelbook) sale helps bring that down
wwaaayyyyy too many miles
I think award shows need to implement the mass start from the Olympics. A couple of live performances could still happen and we'd be done under a half hour.
I haven't seen a 2k or 10k egg in 2-3 months. It's been all 5's.
that was magical.. and you know tim enjoyed it just as much as we did
The funny/sad part is that every time she calls him on his bullshit he changes his line just ever so slightly. He is well rehearsed in talking bullshittery.
Oh I didn't think anyone inside our conf would say it 
11 hours, not one mention of nfc north. Sometimes I come here to be surprised.
Still my favorite GT1
Yeah, not even a new hat. Sad.
While Eugene, OR has a few sights.. head to the coast from Salem and see the best part of the Oregon coast (Lincoln City to Florence). In fact, at Florence, head back to Eugene, then over to Bend and South to Crater Lake.. take the highway back out to the coast for the redwoods. Yes its a bit of a zig zag.. but you'll get way more out of the trip.
Yeah.. love the look.. but I wanted 4k.. decisions decisions.
Ahh gotcha, no worries. Just trying to help in my own weird way 
Disappointed in Coco and Three Billboards not having 4k steels.. even though they are 2k up.
Many of the responses speak to ubiquiti usg, Asus nighthawk and other routers
Tend to is different than should be. Having multiple corgis.. that is overweight.
Yeah either that's a bit off or that source dog was quite obese
That's literally most of the question OP asked and 99% of replies here
Double check the formatting sir.. looks like CTRL-V went a bit crazy

Double #2 and then a relisting of the items
mmm cheese.. goes well with potato ^^cameras too
*woosh*? sorry
If you only hear whine.. perhaps calibrate your speakers better ;)
And my birthday! (And Hitler's :[ )
The math and science academy high school is tied with Columbus High for #1 in the state on the annual US News & World Report rankings. I personally don't know anything about the rest of the district. I would venture a pre research guess that it is like most diverse districts, it has high and low quality schools.
Is this a quake screenshot? All I see is a blur of brown
I popped a prepaid sim in mine and it worked all over europe with no issues.
I'll never understand having multiple discords when one with a properly setup group of channels works fine
i know, that stache! 
> You can see this with Charlie Roberts where no one is giving him a serious chance.

Uhhh.. have you read his website? [Have you met his campaign manager?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFx4SIm_etM)
Why does that door open outwards?
Would be happy to open the window for them
Trumans show.
why is port 22 open to it from the internet? why dont you have that firewalled off?
them sounds.. 
First two could go either way and I'd be OK.
I'd swap the first two..  but the last does nothing for me.
Fuck, marry, kill. As they stand.
There are two canyon trails once you reach the bottom. Straight, and the more popular left. (Right is the hiking trail to the campsites.

This is near the end of the left trail, which has many small offshoots.
In general, no they don't need to be one in the same.. In this case..both are applicable.
I'm certain that people that post and people that read comments for suggestions are a VERY tiny overlap in this sub. So many posts with speakers pushed so far back.

That said, to be fair, speakers this little/bad.. it won't make much difference.
The "traveling to Tennessee from Georgia" pack is just SEE ROCK CITY x100
and 30 "vistors centers"
I bought my 55" 8 years ago.. i took it out of the box and marveled at the size. I put it on the big wall in the living room.. it felt tiny but still better than I had before with an old 32" Sony \Vega. ASs the years have gone by it has felt smaller and smaller. An 85" is calling me.. but I'm resisting so far... it isn't a game you can ever win. ;)
Its awesome man, wish more did
I love that this was mentioned before he even made it
Its kind of a dump.. and also where the deportation "holding area" (read: jail) is. Columbus will be your source of entertainment.. which, as a resident, isn't a whole lot unless you're a bar rat.
Showing the road and the tourist center :/
In the same way that gun CONTROL is a harsher term people should stop using in preference of something like gun regulation or gun access framework.
In Atlanta.. very close to the map location on your site. Interested in XG.. pm'ing
I was too conservative when I lived in Oregon and I'm too progressive for Georgia where I currently live. I fully support gun ownership and gun regulations. (Let's stop using the word control). It is not an uncommon position.
My Android auto tends to remember some music o was playing 3 months ago.. but not what I was playing when I was last in the car 10 minutes ago. To play the recent, I have to start it on my phone.

Not a Kia issue, but I digress.

I do wish my '17 Sorento EX had non-passthrough handles like my '16 optima had. I like to put things in that little pocket.. not have stuff fall through.
Get used to driving to Gwinnett. Or Nashville/Tampa/Raleigh.
Bought 2 more. Now three away from filling the 1817+ I haven't even bought yet 
Live in the South, they all approve of his tweets purely because it "triggers libtards"
What you did there. I see it.
Folk? Bluegrass.
Yeah.. the hub has zero way of knowing what it is plugged into. That's a statement made by someone with a broken network.
This is what I'm getting at.. your statement has be baffled as to what else you'd use
Says local only.. doesn't state where he is

Cmon man.
huh? what else would you plug the hub into? a hub?
Great video!!

 I knew this trail was familiar.. sure enough I had previously watched a [bcpov video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-XVkYuPCd0) on it
Ahh gotcha. Yeah no worries on those, turn them off when the projector is on.
I think you replied to the wrong comment
am I the only one that waited the entire video for the [elephant raids](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFOxQh-Rl7I)?
oof, gear lights that close to the screen./. and the white trim to reflect
shower is volume 85% for me.. no issues hearing it in the shower from over on the counter
yep.

pooping? volume 50%

shower? volume 85%

no issues. 
I have an edgerouter pro 8 for sale if you are interested, or anyone that comes across this thread later.
Plz to be sharing your script once complete ;)
Gotcha. I'm glad to hear.
My guess was trying to push comments to the website
Woah.. this thread is unlocked. Why have they been locked for a while?
Yeah I think the older parks like that it kind of works. 
Yay carnival rides in a theme park /s
As an Englishman living in the states.. this is one thing Murica clearly wins on.
Le big mac
flexbox...


...ding
the camgirl? lul
So you're saying... the [floor is lava](https://www.pcgamer.com/epic-working-on-a-dozen-fortnite-temporary-game-modes-including-the-floor-is-lava/)?
I'd guess a little bit earlier..  but definitely 80's
Even in infosec, when I interview I want to know about outside activity.. sharpen the blade.. how you keep it interesting.
That's not a waffle house crowd.
Durr.. this whole time I've been looking for an app! Thanks.
Have pixel2.. how do I get lens?
Almost $140 here. 

u/omtnt make sure you have location services/gps enabled
We are talking about the vinyl and nothing more.
I see you /r/seaoftheives 
Unique.. like an Audi R8?
I've seen no banding issues on my A07 unit
ridable. 
>so I had to play a little more smarted

[uhm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHC1230OpOg)
so you've then got a $5k speaker that lacks smarts and still only plays from one streaming source.. [why](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shbxUe-S2V8)?
Shari's is nothing like Waffle House though.. its more like a nicer IHOP/Dennys
Foldername 

* VA - [YEAR] *MovieName* Soundtrack

Tracks

* 01 Artist Name - Song Name [Feat] Other Artist.mp3
* Genre Soundtrack
* M:\Music\Soundtracks

Tribute - VA
 jbl lsr305
five lightstrips.. found the guy that robbed the bank
haha, all in good fun
What if the skill was there... but it was trying to figure out wtf is going on with NBC's repetitive/delayed coverage and that's just an error message :O
[uhm, can't unsee](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/304/media/images/77516000/jpg/_77516523_77516522.jpg)
Same way I feel watching american coverage of the olympics. so painful.
have you ever called a walmart and tried to get a department on the phone?

they aren't a customer service company
at that price you are looking at bad computer speakers.
yeah, giant straight.. couple of turns.. oh and we're back to the straight. Only thing interesting there is the small elevation changes
he wants to know which stores have the bin, not what is in them
I've been eyeiong that cambridge as well, between that and the sony... one day
> tracks that are a worthwhile watch

So.. not the middle east tracks. agreed.
Nice.. I don't have 4k displays. Thoughts on other commenters spyware claim?
[Airflow](https://airflowapp.com) is better, imo.
This was posted last week.
It was posted last week. Not exactly high effort to repost 
Spammer. Also this is against reddit policy.
10 tries.. still no idea what was said at the start of the video. 10 seconds later clearly can't read his own script. I'm out.
youtube tv is flawless
Actually it was this video.. but it was in /r/mashups - my apologies.. I knew it was recent that I saw this.
Wasn't this posted like 2 weeks ago.. or was it a different song mashup by her?
Trash is trash.. it comes in all colors. No reason to expect one over another.
Fixed it . I had to go make sure that particular Chromecast was linked AND enabled to my account, and that it had a nickname. Weird.. but works like a champ.
keeps asking me for the device name, even though i'm giving it the device name
..and no ability to communicate 3 desks over.. or listen to customer input
no and if you like sometimes shrill highs
WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT....

L/R are at a somewhat reasonable height... tv is slightly high but admitted he is testing .... TV isn't over the fireplace.. center is pulled to the front of the furniture....

This can't be /r/hometheater 
Food court in E does. A lot of the on concourse stops close far too early... Some even at 8... Many at 9.
..you didn't explain it either.
This is the common sense answer.. bit in reality many are fairly busy all through out the day as lots of unemployed people, people on 2nd/3rd shift, and stay at home parents workout during the "quieter" day hours
About time we got a new video from you ;)
then buy some equally basic pc speaker on ebay
Even at near field they are a bit close. Also.. they should be aimed around your head.. so either your speakers are too low or your monitor too high ;)

Congrats on the setup though
Good point no one had ever taken a non blurry shot out of a plane before
[yes we know](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/7v9lff/an_impending_dictatorship_cspan_caller_challenges/)
was your potato running out of power? that's an awful blurry image.
by the [looks of the top right](https://i.imgur.com/R1yyadj.jpg)... not enough
Give whatever music client you want to use (musicbee, etc) access to the library via a file share. So instead of loading files into it from your local D drive.. you load them from a mapped M drive.

My personal tip/preference.. always use read only shares for your media. I don't trust any client not to mangle my carefully tagged collection.
How dare someone who makes a living off of youtube put effort into his videos
Posted edited - Cisco Switch sold
hell even r/dvdcollection has the problem. New release day and there's a big movie out? Look what we all got.. ugh.
and spotify still looks like a 4 year old in 1992 designed the UI 
I'd really question that expert's knowledge, because you are definitely getting bounced sound off the top of that unit
r/facebookjokesyourgrandmareposted 
Well that was the most genuine thing I'll see this year
Is it bad that my hexo LZ kit I still have ferro's mask in use?

Also I've still never gotten a Bliss Holster or Barretts or even hungry hog....

I remember the first few times this one was posted here... good times in the country
Agreed. This sub is full of examples of couches two feet away from a giant TV, and 15 feet away from a tiny TV.
Yyyaaassssss !
Pm sent
complete? that screen needs to be at least 50x bigger ;)
a tea plantation...?
and only an hour from the beaches of normandy if ww2 tourism interests you. I took a tour out of Bayeux and it was amazing.
Go off season for sure. I went during US Thanksgiving last year and it was pretty empty. Only thing that costs money outside of food/drink is entrance to the church at the top.

You do get a weird tourist sham vibe when you realize all the restaurants and hotel are the same company though.
watching [summit's](https://twitch.tv/summit1g) stream and all the shit talking and chaos within a close bunch of friends
hard to tell, but those speakers look too close. I'd say another 6" or so would be closer to the proper triangle
turn-down for [what](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMUDVMiITOU&t=0m19s)?
we so could've used him this year
What a stupid post. Yours, not the ones holding the perfectly practical sign up.
Get your own car destroyed or rent our murder vans that are more destroyed than a dollar movie theater!
Most of the ATL bike shops are good places and will help out anyone who enjoys the sport.

I've had great experiences at Atlanta Cyclery in Roswell, both bike shops out by Blankets Creek, and more.

If you feel terrible.. just be up front and say you are looking to get fit and check things out. No worries.
yachats, florence, depoe bay.. any of the stretch between Lincoln City and Florence is a good bet. easily the best stretch.
T_D
docking.
old fart here.. absolutely love youtube tv.. 
You get what you pay for.

That said I personally would not get any hotel on Victory Drive
Did they steal that spoiler off of some guys riced out Civic?
And doesn't include power like the other options. I'll stick with the one from dot Genie
big fan.. thanks
I've tried to switch, but can't get past you using the atrocious Bing maps. Is there anything I can do?
It's been this way for years. No need to go getting your hopes up now.
Why are the timestamps from over a year ago?
Luckily, people have different likes. I find SoT fun so far... but csgo and absolute snorefest for years. We don't all follow the same paths .
Yep. A full on tourist city subreddit like r/Savannah was such a shitshow I had to unsub. Every post identical questions. 

No one on reddit searches before they post. This is why we can't have nice things.
Daily sales post is [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/dvdcollection/comments/7tmp1m/bluraydvd_bargains_for_1282018/)
I'll trade it for $25
p.s. - this is not a relay thing, reddit website does this.
Did I mention they love your companionship? Better than a cat for sure, they keep raising your limit.
Let me tell you a story about the magic of a best buy credit card... and 0% interest :O
All over Georgia.. Floridians away from home especially can't find the gas pedal to save their lives.

The overall higher average speed driven is one of the things I love about Georgia
I've never seen a Florida driver do more than the speed limit. Ever. They are always thinking they are still in Florida and that there's a state trooper over the next ridge. GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY WAY!!
yes, and the battery worse with each
I drive that part of I-285 around ATL all the time. Everyone squats the left lane. Its painful. No respect for keep right except to pass.
For some side entertainment, don't miss that [Magnus webcast](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Eh_L9snJoBo) from pitlane. Always good for a laugh, especially after hours.
Not sure if more put off by quantity of commercials or the rampant bullshit about the daytona being the best/toughest race of all
the search bar on the right.
I've long lost faith in this sub
C... E has too much reflection off the angled wall
not just the center.
that mullet fan cheering after the goal.. what a legend
intercoms? wow.. this pic is older than i thought!!!
the rage was epic. summit ended up quitting and going to play by himself (which quickly became a duo)
squarely pointed speakers and a home phone... is this audiothrowback?
To be fair.. sometimes the singing is just not good.
no shit sherlock
He's a terrible humblebrag
No one is saying dead, settle down beavis. Purely to his own numbers, he has said so himself.
Understood. I think he got bored with the "trendy" games, went looking for something different and lost subs. That's no knock on him either. You gotta stay away from being bored.

Meanwhile, friends of his like Ninja have been climbing in views and subs heavily as they've adapted to the newest games.
Which is weird as his subcount has been struggling of late.
Looks like Alafia.. where 90% of mountain bike videos from US youtubers have been this month ;)
check out that comment history.. sure isn't a one off.
...break
[link](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B006L4MX4A/_encoding=UTF8?coliid=I2R1MZQ4O9TROG&colid=2TVEELKTILDJB&psc=0)
Difference between this release and the one currently on sale on amazon?
You didn't specify anything about age, interests, employment, area of town.

So we'll point to the sidebar for links on things to do, and you can find something that interests you and go say hi to strangers!
I'm with you.. just stating that too many these days only see polar opposites 
git r dumber! *diesel cloud*
They are building plenty of those ITP and OTP. Alpharetta, Chamblee, etc, etc.
To be fair, an urban growth boundary on the opposite side of the spectrum like Portland has, only introduces its own problems. Like most things, the answer lies in the middle.
The more time I spend in Atlanta the more I realize the drivers are a bulk of the problem. Selfishness, lack of awareness, not keeping right except to pass, etc. Chicago has more people and traffic/driving never felt so painful.
would buy again, 10/10.

Only complaint is the intermittent recognition of the stupid headphone dongle
And a great soundtrack
I understand how it works now... 
The old top left back button on the iphone was the single worst piece of design i've ever seen from apple. enough to never want to use their phones.

(I have a Pixel XL2 for personal and an iphone for work)
[iGoogle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IGoogle) forever in our hearts
I happen to like them... In an odd way... But I get that many won't.
Yes, but I put [Feat YoMomma] goes in the song title

ex..

03 Me - Humpty Dance [Feat YoMomma].mp3
Cocktail, Hackers, Natural Born Killers, Trainspotting, Pulp Fiction, Singles, Reality Bites...
Hah gotcha.. yeah their bookshelves are visually neutral compared
If you add different branded speakers you'll likely not get timbre matching and it will sound a little off personally I think you wait until you can get matching speakers to perform the additional task
I think the slope back of the SVS Towers is way uglier. But I agree that the aggressive angles of the emotivas is a hard one to swallow
*Pending sale to u/ambitiontowin56*
BEST OF RIP VINE
I think you're seeing the reflection of my screen, which is above it in the first picture.
There's literally not a bit of dust on it. My mat is dirty, and the lighting is subpar.. but no dust. No use.
my local club team has provisions/assistance for poorer families
fees here: $150 for rec league soccer for 2 seasons, $750 for club soccer for two seasons.

When I was a kid playing rec ball in mid/late eighties it was $33 + equip
This just isn't a fancy BBQ town. 
I know, that's why I said **other** Mark Jones restaurants. In my opinion that is his worst one.
i think i'm actually dumber for having watched that.
Yeah I want the Sim aspect added to the open ride of Snow: The Game
In the world of shity blogs around the theme park industry, that "article" was particularly terrible
Good recommendations. I would remove smoke and Caffe Amici as I think both of those are terrible restaurants. But I would add other Mark Jones places like black cow. You could also add Chili Thai, or one of the plethora of casual Mexican restaurants if that's your thing.
When you recognize the trail from Single Track Sampler's video posted earlier today
Dude.. the flashback photo at the end.. what the.. I can't even... this explains the beard so much ;)
As someone who currently lives across the river from Phenix City, seeing your username in a sub based so far away.. what's behind it?
Now let's get an updated (and more importantly working/functional) ski resort Tycoon
Still looking? I have a 48 port gigabit I'd sell.. Cisco Catalyst 3560G Series WS-C3560G-48PS-S
Glorious childhood friend!
its a 3gb pull from a prebuilt system. was asking $225 in hwswap
Would love to help.. but I only have a 1060 to sell
Super Ted, small wonder, scrubs, West wing, 

Edit: forgot one. The entire Clarkson era Top Gear
Midtown Madness 2.. cops and robbers.
Oww, my neck
no eye sayin
100% trust, takes a while but always get items and better packaged that most local companies ship.
That said thanks for introducing me to this mount definitely picking one up
Same. 50% volume for poops, 85% for showers.
My only suggestion would be to move it away from the stovetop. The amount of airborne grease/steam/etc in that area will crush that thing over a relatively short amount of time.
Same style I've used since the late 80's in elementary school
u/warcleric
*tilts your chair back*
this is barely /r/mildlyinteresting .. wrong sub 
bedside lamp on my gf's side is her name. so I turn her on frequently.
Live nearby.. heading to Chewalcala for the first time this weekend.
So.. subscribe..?
you dont do the battle rap if you can't handle the shit
How's the center fill the room? I can't find one priced within reach to go with my 2.5's
I knew you'd dig it after the last one you came across!
Paging the legend u/philkmetz 
And the metal supports that rim the underside were removed
oww, my neck
sure, though there is room behind the couch.. but you asked why so much tilt and toe.. its because the couch is literally too close
because the couch is way too close
yeah but people like us aren't their target
Yep, same as Best Buy and others. Sales go up if it is messy. If it is easy to see there's nothing but crap, no one buys anything.
I live in the Southern US.. they drink it cold with ice and fake sweeteners
And this is why I don't mind spending the extra money on a Criterion
Honestly, I would wait and keep saving.

What are you planning on driving them with?
she didn't google easily answered questions
Websites I have bookmarked:

- amazon.com
- handupgloves.com
- chainreactioncycles.com
- competitivecyclist.com
- jensonusa.com
- bikebug.com
- worldwidecyclery.com
- ebay.com

Don't forget your LBS
investment.. people who spend time sifting through the pile feel a sense of "well i might as well get something"
they are displayed messy on purpose
same :/
I wouldn't call that organized, the movies are still all mixed up. 4/10 - better than normal but with room to grow
Mine run off an emotiva xda-2
The Sears close to here shut a few months ago. Can tell you that nothing's really a good deal until the end when all the super poor people show up for the dollar clothes
because this is a fantastic late christmas present to us all
Which is way worse given how Alabama is playing...
great idea for a video.. but sorry the constant coughing and bible school script got a quick mute
from how many decades ago? :O
Are you collecting dead bugs up there?
none, they are all standard B&M inverted track
I was there in November. That cemetery is quite a sight.
As a r/mapporn junkie.. that key is making me convulse
yeah I'm just gonna go ahead and keep hanging them.. or throwing them on a chair and wearing them again the next day
What's #10?
Even bipolar speakers aren't designed to be shoved into a corner. 
I found it cheaper to buy the box set than individual seasons
Casino? It is quite the treat.
oh dear god, that right speakers is reflecting everything off of the wall
Looks like you just need a longer shelf.. pretty cheap fix and there's room
All that audio gear and your speakers are too close together :/
nothing. absolutely nothing. get rid of full service.
I'll be honest, I wish every coaster had the option. 
.. and give access to Chromecast from Amazon video
Which was against Google's policy Amazon broke the rules
There is more to it than just selling. Amazon video with Cc, etc.
Yep used to be able to Chromecast directly from the Amazon video app that went away a long time ago
I know :/
If that's all you've ever had.. perhaps. And I do enjoy it (when cooked properly).. but it just isn't as good as other regions.
Same situation good sir. They can call it ham all they want. Rashers are vastly superior.
Half the problem is that Americans tend to burn their bacon until its hard.... The other half is they prefer fat to meat... Or the relative mix is skewed.
So, following the lake... Buffalo is next right?
American bacon is shitty.. 
Grew up in Chicago, live near Atlanta. These people are pathetic under 70 degrees.
I'm just really disappointed that the steelbook is really just a box with a regular br case inside
looks like they actually started updating that again? they went forever leaving it dead
just looking at this picture 2 prototypes got knocked out of the race
no, no it shouldn't
/r/thatsthejoke 
Been following him for a while. Super nice guy, plays a wide variety.
Strange, I get quite the opposite, while he is clear that he is sponsored, he doesn't push anything on anyone.
That's my understanding yeah. 
Alex made it clear he wasn't getting sponsored by them. Frankly this whole process they've both been very open about what's going on.
home office:

computer -> emotiva xda2 DAC -> JBL 305's

living room: 

sources -> AVR -> Sonus Faber Venere 2.5 (I need to update the power behind these)
Yet Columbus is the "Fountain City"
I still don't understand bookshelf speakers with a crappy sound bar.

Glad you found this sub though.. layout is very similar to mine
I'm trying to figure out why there are speakers AND a soundbar. This is a poor design.
This is spectacular
I've tried some apps but most are too clunky. I just use a basic Excel workbook with sheets for movies, tv, music, for sale

I throw that on my box account and it is available any time from any where.
I use Progression for weights and absolutely love the built in workouts, customization, and links for every exercise to YouTube.

Linkme: Progression

Edit: also integrates into Google fit seamlessly. 
TIL people still carry cash
Fully agree.. non music is ridiculous.
Yup..if anything it also belongs in r/mashups
Your second bullet point answers your on question unless you were sing a VPN into work
I think we need to start a r/hometheatergore
Whichever one sounds best to your ears in your space
Still a better love story than Twilight
Mama June's sketti sauce made with mayo and ketchup?
I really hope that's all just some bad copypasta
Is this super popular repost week? Did I not get the memo?
Up the gas mate
I really wish Google put the attention they put in a Maps into other products of theirs like Chromecast, assistant, YouTube apps, etc
Academy sports is going in across the street
You mean the day "he" was NOT born?
doesn't even work to load with the expando in RES via a desktop browser. 

This is not an app issue.
it does
your app is shit. the method you muscled all the other apps was shit. no thanks.
wow westworld sale.. 
Interesting, I havent done any music play other than google music via AA. My last Kia (non-UVO) definitely always showed untitled for just about every track played.
Agreed on the bluetooth issues.. my XL2 takes a minute or two to pair with my kia. The phone also tends to reboot semi frequently when using waze (likely an app issue) with android auto for longer drives (over 30 minutes)
oh you certainly dont do PDC/critical servers. oh hell naw. I only ever use reserved for non critical, sorry if that wasn't clear
Which direction are you coming from? [This place](https://louisvillemegacavern.com/attractions/mega-underground-bike-park) might be on your way

Also - Smoky Mountains NP, Pigeon Forge, Chattanooga, all within a short drive from the area
back end devices - networking, server, printer - static

endpoint devices - pc's, laptops, IoT, tablets, phones - dynamic

that said, there's a lot of positive from a reserved DHCP system for (edit: low level) servers/printers/etc
Yep.. it just never ends
> the rest is a work in progress.

the struggle is real
800? uhh... I had over 100k songs in my itunes library before i moved off of it 7-8 years ago
again I ask.. Milo.... who cares?
not sure what change you're looking for

that said emotiva xda 2's go for around $200
you didn't read what I said, did you?
who cares?

Dumbledore dies on page 596
more reflections than a hall of mirrors (audio and video)
ebay, amazon all have lots of CD's...
nope
> Datacenter grade home lab

awesome...

> services like DHCP


wot
Finally replacing my Dell 2407wfp from 2006 with this.
Agreed, it pained me to buy one the day it came out. 
It isn't interesting to adult.. but it is to other 12 year olds. Mostly selfies, group pics and terrible wannabe-memes. Also.. messaging.

Source: Have 14 year old who has had instagram for a few years and I monitor it. 
Hello Mr. Clarkson
I'm missing what this has to do with mountain biking.. but I am betting Seth can still jump it with ease. ;)

Nice work man.. obviously I came about your channel from Seth but have loved watching your stuff. 
you need a few more "Enter" strokes in there
Well there's a package that has no use to me
The new subreddit organization is amazing.. great stuff u/dbrady - I really appreciate it. 

 being able to sort the favorites would just be icing.
Please kid... You'll never understand the pain of the removal of the super bars
Everybody talks about the jump over the tree but that first one that just seem to keep on going and going it was like a blind to a blind.. that was insane
So torn.. I'll get to see him a lot more now as a local, but while I see this as a long term good thing, it still doesn't feel ok just yet
holy crap.. a post on /r/hometheater with front speaker spacing/alignment done pretty much properly. amazed. nice work.
Roy Moore blew a 28-3 lead
Any word on if there going to be a (non steelbook) uhd special edition like we recently got with the first one?
According to local leaders there is no non imba option but the local sorba chapters are getting more money from imba out of the dues
Got mine yesterday.. 2xl bought from Google, on vzw
Found the guy flipping the ebay deal for a small profit
Hey Dude.. shit.

Don't mind if I do.
Alabama has more higher end areas than I would have thought before visiting. Parts of Birmingham, Montgomery and Auburn are really quite nice. While that doesn't out-wow the bad, I can agree that probably raises the average well over the stereotype. 
We have a year end meeting tomorrow night. Gonna ask about it.
Do you guys have any relationship with CAMP (Sorba)? Those guys have community/land owner relationships down pat.
Disappointing.. but that's racing

But fuck.. I forgot how awesome that Fallen livery was in that win. Hands down the nicest team i've ever visited in pitlane.
That's a great point too, and that gap is growing.
I mean, Alabama isn't that far off
That's a great point
Hyundai already has a massive plant in Alabama ([Just South of Montgomery](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hyundai+Motor+Manufacturing+Alabama+LLC/@32.2880123,-86.3298236,4575m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x888e7e6af2730121:0xb6ed08c5ef98842!8m2!3d32.2818583!4d-86.3275677))
I actually thought poverty was statistically worse in Mississippi than Alabama (commenting on headline, using your bringing up MS)
he forgot his coat
Mine arrived Saturday morning at 8:05. That's 2 day shipping to a T.
[Six Flags over Georgia had the same](http://www.ajc.com/news/local/six-flags-cancels-massive-snowball-fight-due-real-snow/Y1ukex05lDBggrXDJXCLiOP/?ecmp=socialflow_ajc) - and the fake snow created at Stone Mountain for a downhill tube attraction each winter was also closed today due to... real snow.
I get the severe weather notice, but only in a line at the top and I still get bonus level poke types
Columbus... (no snow)
Escobar? Hopefully minus the own goals eh? */runs*
seat belt? the kid in the middle should still be in a fucking car seat
You need TWO more
Already have a pair grabbing another cuz yeah why not
Already have a pair don't mind me just getting another set
In for two bringing my total to three. Guess I'm buying a Synology with my tax refund.
weird, works fine here. sorry :/
305's

I have mine paired with a DAC that cost as much (Emotiva XDA-2).. but that's a bit overkill. The speakers are fantastic.
lulz, linked the link rather than the comments
The Bluecoats require active online licensing to be used, and those models are now EOL.. but I'm sure they could be repurposed (proxy admin is one of my job functions)
that's not even the worst of the speaker placement problems, to be fair
the audiophile in me cringes... but the movie lover in me says 'good on ya mate'
Get a nas. Synology on the high-end.. a buffalo/WD/etc on the low end
This is the soccer equivalent of the kid running for class president who promises free chicken nuggets and pizza everyday
i think i might... call me some dinosaurs...
Sounds like /t_d
Hey blimpo too many Twinkies?
Yeah but you had to wait 9 months for the procedure... No one wants to wait for medical care....






/s
Are there any new LZ missions in the new pier areas? I the missions that show up on the map.
grand pricks....
mmmm portillos
Oddly the app I see wrong orientation on most frequently is Facebook, which I never use in landscape
Good to know, thanks
u/warcleric .. is that you on the left?
that and audiophile wouldn't square up speakers to a tv stand and push them back to the wall like 90% of posts on here.
That's not what that means.
Hall is a dry county. Avoid.
I really feel like it's Google's m.o. these days. Have amazing ideas, implement them as rough but cool products, wait a little while... Then completely change the product with some pointless change.

They just can't finish a product to save their life.
Yeah.. I'd get shit delivered to work at that point.
Cool.. but there are racists everywhere. Also I don't live in Atlanta.
Rental units.. yes that's different.... Treated more like a house/duplex

And yes I specifically stated complex, though I will politely decline any invitation to NJ.
Every apartment complex I've ever lived in drops packages in the office
Atlanta is backwards.. the Braves now play on the north side of town where is the falcons are still downtown
r/bestofworldstar is leaking
Didn't we have this discussion a bit ago?
Again.. never said that. Both should be openly criticized.
Never said you were. Both are scars in society, it isn't worth quibbling about which is worst. No one wins either way.
Christians love to say how much better their religion is but it is still stuck far back in the dark ages. If only they could see the proverbial light through non Rose tinted glasses.
So.. Christianity/Catholicism/etc... All religions
The oaks at Toomers Corner, Auburn, AL
Tag and rename
wow those no images are nice! take up no room either!
General dentistry, Dr. Maholik (Double Churches by SS office) - Ortho, Serff (Schomberg)
I hear banjos..
flash renamer and tag&rename

never full auto
[what?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_y3OOQniDU)
> No way Bears can bring back John Fox

"Hold my wine" - Virginia McCaskey
Personally, Holiday World, Silverwood, and Six Flags Great America
walmart  canada or us?


quite bad. poor soundfield from speakers being so close together vs the distance from the sweet spot
hidden gem.. that's the term I was thinking of last night! thanks
Which despite being ruined over time, still has a decent user base
I have Zero interest in Pokemon. But I enjoy pkgo.. just as I once enjoyed ingress before it.
The mess is by design. As I mentioned in another comment.. people that stand and sift through the wreck can often get a feeling of 'investment' in looking and get something just because it took so long.
third, people that stand and sift through the wreck can often get a feeling of 'investment' in looking and get something just because it took so long.
what hurts the most is the speaker setup :(

nice collection though!
Georgia... looks like a Cobb County tag/sticker... makes sense
Diggin the ruffwear harness
Yeah I was last in town around May 2000.. think I went there for a bachelors party late 99 or early 00. Good times.
Same. Sounds way better than the dot
I'd still like to see Kyle win it
RIP Big Als
This one out now too
There are a lot of great things about the sub, but yes sometimes on big release day it gets to be a bit much for me.
Its one of those, if you had the level of gear to make it worthwhile you would already know what needs to be done and why.

That isn't an insult, just that 95% of people that ask don't have the gear to benefit.
StepOne of bi-amping. Don't.
Don't shoot... Can't score...
Said she had kids
It's bad in all of the collection subreddits. r/dvdcollrction for example had plenty of generic posts with the same low quality pics of the stranger things vhs when it was released. Only one post is really needed, but then it just becomes a race to be first. I don't really know of a good solution.
No.. tabs for life. Relay for travel and poop times
The made up version
Just remember.. health benefits are near nonexistent despite buzz/claims. Get one because you are comfortable, not because of perceived overstated benefits.
I'm there too man.. and these guys keep me inspired and excited and interested through my frustrations.

but i keep getting out there and loving every minute.

well i did until i broke my elbow crashing this week! but i'll be back!


yikes. i'm glad you found your spot. that one certainly isnt for me.
That place is awful. I will never go back. Eating at six
flags is a better value. So little food for so much money.
$5 ?? Are you kidding? That's absurd^^^^ly ^^^^reasonable
Pace yourself!
control freak hard to find? damn impossible
Super cheesy and still fun. Keep up the good work Jordan
Cool story
I might be, but I'm also not wrong. 
congrats, too much speaker for the space! yay reflections off the wall and glass!
I picked up the Curt from Amazon for $140.. its not that bad an install. 

UHaul always puts their stupid stickers all over everything.
something something tiny hands?
the ceiling is fantastic, the silhouettes from various movies is a great subtle touch.

the now showing, to me and me only, is way overdone, and takes away from the look quite a bit.

that said, this isn't my theater.. and if you love it.. enjoy the fuck out of it.. you have a great space there.
YouTube video of this from a few months back was better quality
Can you imagine being married to that? Fuck that guy's life.
There is a LOT better public transit and surface road structure around COP/Benz than anywhere near the dump of a burb that is Bridgeport.
> You can't talk about how big your city is and then also claim that every single soul is tied up in traffic.

Atlanta and L.A. would like a word.
Chocolate and caramel would like a word.

Side note. Anyone that pronounces caramel as two syllables should be shot on site.
At this point.. both sides are equally obnoxious.
Grab a cheap printer from staples, a pack of Avery 'make your own certificates' certificate paper.. and a general idea of how to sell ice to people that are warm... You too can make money.
I have a feeling Google will be happy to assist people once things are figured out.
I migrated to the pixel 2 xl from the S6. The battery life change alone is worth most of the cost to me. I absolutely see the blue tint off axis. I don't really use the phone off axis. The grain I don't see unless trying to.. and I have no burn in. I do wish the color profiles we're editable. I do feel that's coming. I am on the fence about returning it.. but I am leaning towards not.  Day to day this phone is fantastic. 

(My biggest complaints are Google launcher related.. but I can go back to Nova to fix those)
this happens to me everytime I open the app from scratch too.. now on a second phone doing it (S6 previously now P2XL)
Fuckin kyle
r/publicfreakout is fun....
how have I never seen this goonies box
I mean .. in the dark with the lights.. space mountain feels faster than it's real (shockingly low) top speed
My dealer yesterday stated 32-46k fully loaded gt. Not sure if regional.
Come on England!
Agreed. My head is either over it or I pick it up..
Never seen a picture of her that she doesn't look high as a kite
I came from the Galaxy S6.. so you can only imagine the different world I'm currently living in.
free sim & $23USD for 9gb.. that should do perfectly for a week. work in france? (spending 2 days in normandy)
hijacking your comment to ask... 

coming to the UK in late november.. suggestions on what SIM to get for decent signal & good chunk of data for 10 days? (I do over 30gb/month in the US)

Don't need any minutes really, though a handful of text/SMS doesn't hurt
2XL - its a little lower than yesterday but ive been on/off a lot more & had more video going
Currently 10h 13m since charge - 3h23m  sot - wireless and gps running with gmaps, pkgo, fb and some clash.. down to 40% at near about 85% brightness
there's always some of that, but not at this level. 
what if i were to tell you, as a parent.. this is about parenting.. and maybe if he did a better job before this, it wouldn't have come to this....
Which is weird.. because though I enjoy Harris's work.. even I don't line up like that. That said.. I believe the majority of the population is likely pro gun AND pro gun "control".. if they had the stance named better and explained more clearly.
I'm on day 3.. call me crazy but I don't look at my screen off-angle almost ever. if it is lying on my desk and I look over at it I can see the blue tint.. otherwise.. nothing. This is really really overhyped.
I know its only day 3 for me with this phone.. but i'm amazed with the battery... i'm getting 6-7-8hours screen on time without getting close to out
Literally the same for straight men. Let's be real.
Closes his browser before it loads
If only we could get this done at the national level
Understood. No one is ever happy.
I agree. And having one in my hand, it doesn't. There are a lot of complaints being made by people that don't have it.

The biggest weirdness for me is how it feels to type. The screen isn't as hard as gorilla glass phones I've had before.


i think if you have the first pixel, that's fairly good rationale for not upgrading given the current concerns.

I came from a Galaxy S***6*** - even if the screen was always blue on the 2XL .. it is an improvement. (It isn't by the way, I only see a blue tint on mine at pretty hefty angles that I *would never actually use my phone at anyway*
$1400? 

...oh you got the headphone/power adapter too ^^^/s
well, guess i finally found something to spend my best buy rewards on...
Bristol City
[That game was fantastic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka4ALUGU8B4&t=1m57s)
Personally I would skip CCoBB..  otherwise spot on
Not that I disagree with your point.. but Bristol, Birmingham (second largest city), Coventry and more come to mind as far as large cities with no top flight team.


It is.. 
Uhm. Check that pronunciation.
Both are three syllables... Just like hey Google.  
When reached for comment on how Brady passing him feels, Favre replied simply with "deflated"
Oh this again. Why can't people look at a subreddit for answers before posting 
So you're saying there's a chance....
I wasn't a fan until a few months after Trump took office when he really hit his stride
When you're done.. Scrubs is missing you too
First a crazy distance..  then no budget.. now it's for backups? Cmon man.. you should've shut this down when it was mentioned.
They are from Flordia.. it will feel like a normal day to them
Vegan mentioned three times in one bullet point. Stereotype continues to be validated.
I have a ubiquiti edgerouter pro router (non unifi) that I'd be willing to part with if you are interested. Rack mount.
The black on black hat and grey goals shirt .. wwaaannttt.. and i'm only 2700 miles away... :/
Is this America? Unsure. /s
Would've liked a loop of this with no camera movement
Oh your poor sweet innocent child

Bless your heart
YOU CANT FIRE ME I QUIT
aaannnnddd they've given up
fucking NHL bias towards the blackha.... oh, wait
Gotcha.. thanks. Actually hadn't heard of that name before.
Space diver = Z Force?
Can confirm
Way too many raids. Too much effort for something that's more common than a dunsparce. 
Never
That's not how turning off a computer works...
I haven't watched World War Z yet... I have been trying to read the book. But his writing.. it just.. it's painful to read. Every time I try again I have to stop after a few chapters. It isn't enjoyable to read, I can't put my finger on it.
....Klinnsman made the world cup.

Too soon?
This happens to me.. but ONLY in the YouTube app on my phone and ONLY when casting it to ONE particular that in the house 
Still no mdr, barrets, classified anything.. etc.
chromecast is not bluetooth. YOu can bluetooth to it as a speaker, but you cannot cast your bluetooth source through it to a stereo/tv
Hey I'm not complaining about the outcome.. just enjoying the hilarious moments along the way
What's with the White Knight in the USA soccer Jersey and his crossed arms in drunk dudes face....

Also.. did old tie dye lady break a glass over his head near the end?
This is my new favorite feature of this sub. Thanks for keeping this going.
I've been more than happy with my '16 optika ex. Plenty of power for a 4cyl and mileage has been consistent. 22 months in and about to hit 30k
Step one.. find out what "fully moving to the cloud" really means to management, and what they are prepared to spend to do so.

Less buzzword more details on expectations. "Moving hosted services" is a lot different than "full cloud migration"


Any thoughts on if the Pirate's series will eventually be released as a 4k boxset.. or were the early ones too early for 4k?
Worked for the US presidency ....
Kelvin's Law - there are no heterosexual homophobes
"Cold" isn't the issue.. just the occasional big rain that gets in the way

(Grew up in Chicago, there is no winter in the South, only a few "just warm" months)
Yes, the front of pretty much every magnolia looks like that.
TV slightgly too high, speaker wires to hide, surrounds getting massive reflections off the wall.. 

I'd say nearly done is optimistic.. 
Steepest LAND street, you mean.. [there are steeper](http://i.imgur.com/SWO3yX9.jpg)



^^^^^^^^/s
Audiophile. Bluetooth.

Pick one.
I did terminal 3 ord street to gate in 7 minutes on a Sunday afternoon in april
98? I miss me some 93 love line hard hitting Germany or Florida ace ranchero adam
As Jon Stewart (?) Said.... Republicans are assholes.. Democrats are pussies.
And every republican who comments on Facebook political posts from the right wing media and politicians and whatever you call Sarah Palin.
Orlando's season keeps getting worse.. they can't even be a part of an attendence record now. Poor fellas.
why are you posting without looking at previous posts for an answer?

some questions will never be answered.
Google Express.. their Prime like delivery service that isn't available anywhere near me.. and takes 3x as many clicks to open

I've not seen any multi device sync issues with keep. Would add from GH or browser.. show up on phone without issue. Never had to reload/refresh anything.
And moving trucks.. that dull, dull text logo :/
These are not generally looked on as good speakers. I don't know that they are worth the effort, personally.
Getting one free with the Pixel 2, and will buy another. Finally here. If they would just put the shopping list back on Keep (or at least give the option to) I'd be the happiest of happy.
It will also now show your cell number or your wife's cell number, with permission, depending on the voice that gave it the command. So to the person being called, they wouldn't see anything different.
I'm hating how it won't fit in. 

I'm loving how it won't fit in.


Also... 4k?
I have one.. but I'm not currently using it.
Bought an XL... Coming from a rapidly deteriorating Galaxy S6.  Very worthy upgrade. If I had a Pixel 1 I wouldn't have bothered.
All I want is ingress style stats for thimgs like # of unique stops visited
Likely a good question for r/dvdcollection
That's the Fox news spirit!
Are you new to Eugene? That's not how anything works here.
Soundbars? No Thanks.
Who's your favorite new kid? Call me joey
I don't stream.. so I've seen no issue personally. I've enjoyed the same great coverage on the as before. I do feel bad for those that do stream though.
> and who likes watching a shitshow?

Everyone in r/publicfreakout .. it is fantastic.
Facepalm.
Thanks for pointing this out to those that don't know. To those of us that do.. I'm really missing why this is a big deal. It's logging and analytics. Source code is easy to view and it would only be a security issue if they had access to someone's data lake. Which is protected (in theory) by other security products.


Again.. Missing the outrage here.
Whizzer at SFGAm retrack
Came for the Conquistador... Leaving full, fat, and happy.
Living here does that :/
Cinnabon. The Americanization continues.
Can almost see two forks in the distance
No worries. Sit in the ideal listening position.. in theory the distance to each speaker should be the same as the distance between speakers. That said.. there is some play in that math, you can look for angle references by searching for 5.1 speaker placement guides and the like.

I would link but I'm out on an MTB trail and need to get back rolling ;)
Superbad replaced Varsity Blues as my best "no thought only funny" go to movie. Full of cheese and sillyness but I couldn't help buy enjoy it every single time.
we are literally looking at space to elevate them. 6-8 inches would be more than enough. You could also angle them upwards with a wedge, which would isolate them from the desk.

That said, you should first and foremost evenly space them.
there should be a warning on every new submission post asking the submitter if they have first made sure their speakers are spread apart and slightly forward from the wall before submitting and getting jumped. I know this isn't the most obvious thing to many, but dear god its like no one looks it up before hand.
Which means you didn't get the reference
 wonderinG whO chose thAT Stupid namE Could eXactly
I remember seeing this on Facebook last week too
Big fan of the food (minus popcorn) at the house that Arthur built
Remember, the US said the same thing.. look at them now
Those are good prices.. but to be fair.. I'm sure the concessions will help make it up.
FYI... None of those states are the midwest. Those are plains and mountain states.
Due to resolution differences.. it would be too pixelated to make out much.
Ahh, I don't watch basketball so I hadn't noticed. It is definitely missing some stations, but with NBCSN I get all the normal PL games shown on dish/cable. I'm sure they are working on more. The six accounts sharing one subscription is killer for me too. 
This system clearly wasn't designed for the space it is in
I've seen a few churches removed lately.. only to have them inexplicably reappear with original photo a few months later.  No rhyme or reason.
All still free.  How much is it to add guac at Chipotle again? $17?
No comment about age, interests, when you are here, etc. Makes it somewhat difficult.
People use discord, not GroupMe. Check the link in the sidebar.
Returning to MTB and pretty much a newb again.. this reminds me I need to buy some gloves.
Now add chips and salsa which is free everywhere else.
Get rid of sling and get YouTube tv - it's amazeballs.
It's the Starbucks of fast food burritos. All pomp and overpriced average product.
Understood... Its hard to see it if you don't watch
[men in black is now, fyi](https://www.bestbuy.com/site/men-in-black-trilogy-20th-anniv-ed-steelbook-4k-ultra-hd-blu-ray-blu-ray-only--best-buy/6123397.p?skuId=6123397)
agreed. it feels like it is way over produced.. especially for a song where her vocals felt a lot more raw.. the power is completely gone.. softened over by a generic vocal and music that just doesn't fit
woosh?

Let me recap...

>This is why soccer will NEVER be a mainstream sport financially in the US. We don't like soft characters.

"This" refers to the act of diving/faking/simulating

>Someone hasn't seen the NBA

Where they do it as frequently as the Spanish or Mexican league...

So, its a mainstream sport... as you said, "big 4".. and it happens there. "Distance" is irrelevant.
You're thinking of baseball
Because reviewing every thing would ruin the flow of the game and you'd have a stop and go snoozefest.
Now go watch the NBA and I'll await your edit 
Soccer had always been physical.. it's well acknowledged.
Someone hasn't seen the NBA the last few years.. 
The sport the same group's president's son plays?
Next time, you'll be the hero r/publicfreakout needs you to be ...
Yet another broken 'feature' that Google implemented that no one wanted.

Remember a time when you could share a video from the app and it would link the person to the video.. and not a "your name shared with you" version of it?
3 months for my 4 bedroom house 2 hours down 85 from you
>~~would be~~

is

FTFY
None needed. As you make your way into the physical world.. feel free to swing by r/dvdcollection for deals, advice, questions, etc.
Not sure.. I should ask my coworkers....

(Rimshot)
All of these existed at my high school. I graduated in 1995.
step one, as is customary.. move them out a bit and then toe them in as appropriate
Remember when Lovie taught to always run through the end of the play.....
I fucking love this club
What's a Holtel?
Yeah the whole time I was thinking surely he won't show us all the way to her house...
Florence can do no wrong
I miss taking Metra from Schaumburg to downtown. Such fond memories..
A crutch and some bandages.... I mean.. it's not rocket science
I swear we just had this one..
I'm just amazed to see gloucestershire in r/mapporn
This is great.. enjoyed it just like the r/NFL world championship belt (ignores playoffs and just changes hands when current holder loses)
Me, not normal? Hah! I was much younger then. But yeah... It's definitely too hot here... And never gets really cold. Even when it 'snows'
Ahh ok. That makes sense. I've found any longer than 7 days in the fridge and it's bad.
2 weeks? I take it you are freezing much if it?
Personally, j used to shovel the driveway in shorts.  But yes.. we are talking averages. I haven't worn a coat once in the 10 years I've lived in Georgia.
Having grown up in Chicago .. 90 is fairly common in the summer/early fall. Your friends are exaggerating.
It's a relative. But it doesn't get cold in Atlanta for anyone that's lived in the north
As a soccer fan.. it's always cool.
Wonder what the 'MURICA "Patriots" would make of the president's kid playing "wussy sah-kurr"
Correct, which isn't defined in the key. Information is, key.
That's my assumption.. bit the crappy key only talks about destination 
Right.. that's why I don't understand this key at all. There is no definition of the origin city. What are the restrictions to define that?
Key says destination has to be 100k... But what about the origin? Certainly barrow is more isolated than Anchorage, for example.
Are you referring to twitter? Do you understand what causes it?
it is literally in OP's post
installed textra on a whim a few years ago.. have never looked back. solid.
Dude, you are the one spouting the propaganda.. what you are saying is the clinton version of "but her emails"
I wish you were too, you'd have a more open mind and stop reposting bullshit
I am truly sorry you are so deeply out of touch with how voting works, how people view candidates, and their reasons for doing so. I hope you get past this and understand that there are hundreds of reasons she lost, none of which had to do with your "Bernie Bros".. but almost all of them had something to do with your candidatre and her real problems, of which what you listed aren't one of them.
Sigh.

Nest. Thread.
Literally didn't even post where this is. You understand Reddit is international, right?
There you go again judging people who are well within their right and don't answer to your particular world view. This mentality is part of the reason why your candidate lost.
Because they voted as they pleased. They don't have to answer to you or a candidate they didn't like. Stop kididing yourself.
Because it doesn't. That's only a part of it. The Clinton-or-die types in this thread are just as wrong as Hillary is blaming everyone but herself for her loss.
There is as much bullshit in this idea as there is in a trump speech.
Dude deserved the pizza slap because he can't wear his pants at the proper height.

Edit: ITT, people who don't understand belts
Dude in blue and white shirt that comes from the foreground.. twice he tried to jog across the field.. both times made it like 3 steps. Wtf.
Heh.. hadn't heard of them before. Will definitely check it out.
That sounds right. Sandwiches and bbq nachos