>opens you up

Go on...


Your title says tricks. But its only one trick.
This joke is being played out. Give it a rest.
Hence why the police department in my city encrypted theirs. 

A lot of people dislike that.
Well they don't want you to drive like a douche so it makes sense.
Nah.

I have an eclipse on my other account. 
The ones I sent messages to (does no good, but I enjoyed it haha) said they were bored.

That's cool dude. Don't sit and fuck others over because you're bored.

I try to report and move on but I don't always do so.
Serves his dumbass right. No blinkers at all!
A place by me has them in glass bottles.
Fuck apple skittles.

I want lime back!
When did this happen?
I noticed this over the weekend when I wanted to play.

Modders even have endlessly loading lobbies. It loads the map and then doesn't actually load it. But it constantly goes through the loading screen as if the game is going to start. 

It's sad. I only use a secondary account to play now.
That's funny because its absolutely a thing on WoW.
Yes, you can still use the content. I could have been a little clearer. 

But it can't be transferred to another account.
This has never been a thing.

It says right in the ToU or CoC...you forfeit your stuff when you're banned. 
Modders everywhere in it.

4 games of team deathmatch in a row had modders. 

Main reason I use a second account now when I want to play it online.
I just add my own songs. So no biggie.
I laughed at that part. 

Not cutting a pizza is hardly saving money. I do like the idea of cutting a slice to the size of my liking.
Ugh. Had to replace one on the same laptop for my dad.

Blew my mind how much work it took to do so.
That is one happy doggo.
It's the Goonies house all over again. Sad.
Wow. Record profits mean raise prices. Cool.
Yep. I did this my first time through.

And the second...

Several times...
Agree. 

Every time I log in he says it. I don't want to do it because I don't like PvP.
Be prepared to pay a hefty price for a small space. 

Rents are high since we have no rent control. 

Just in the 3 years living in my current apartment, my rent has gone up almost $200. An increase of about $100 a year (finishing 3rd year currently and expect it to go another $100). Rent prices are ridiculous imo. 
I'm happy that's a sub. :)
Looks like that one never shut up about being vegan.
If you can't see why they banned you then you're not very bright or trolling. 

Though they should have force changed it rather than slam down the hammer. 
It just gets worse and worse.
You cray!
Rent control needs to happen in Vancouver.

I pay way too much for my apartment imo.
Plus they realized what scum juggalos are I bet.
They need to do Halo 2 already.

The original shits on the MCC version in terms of fun with glitching imo. 

Loved some superbouncing and sword cancelling. 
This is why I drive defensively. 

Not my driving I'm worried about. It's other people's driving that worry me. Like this retard.
Meanwhile I can't even get a reply in regards to the defective headphones I got with mine..
Congrats on your new cat.
You can't confirm a feature on something that isn't announced.
One of those times he was definitely sorry.

Sorry his dumbass got caught. 
Well I didn't like Overwatch myself. 

So no single player and very similar to a game I didn't like. 

Yeah, definitely avoiding buying this one.
Is anyone surprised a greedy company like Apple would do this?
This looks like it was straight up smashed on purpose. 
Got her ass beat. Dayum.
Lucky.

My cat loves my laptop as well.

Except he lays right on my keyboard. 
Came here expecting this. 

Was not disappointed. 
I have one also. Ready for tomorrow.
Lol Amazon makes you pay first before shipping.

Good job.
Just went back to watch again.

Second guy definitely looked.
I really want a heigh adjustable desk.
Now do the Trailer Park Boys theme for Parks and Rec! 
That's why people are coming to our shops in WA. Better prices. Especially on dabs. 

I think I prefer my $12 grams over the prices in Portland.
Awesome. A repost from *yesterday*...

Mods shouldn't allow reposts that fast.
You could link people like they asked instead of being a doucher.
It would make sense, if the game was announced. 

It hasn't been so we don't know if it won't have multiplayer. 
That's your fault though. 

By now, everyone knows deals go on after release and are usually better.

That's why I didn't get one yet.
God damn. People straight up grabbing food with bare hands? Savages.
Links dead. 
First time I went, I got a full clip. 

It was awesome.
Silly reason to not read it, but ok.
Damn, literally Hardee's only. Not their Carl's Jr stores? Lame. Same place.
You're in public, it's fair game. 

Now I want to see it so I can make it obvious I'm taking a picture of it.
Read your registration. 

It'll tell you if you require a front plate.
Waze is a wonderful app.
They do.

2 every week in fact.
They need to piss off. I already pay 9% of my paychecks to them...

They need to keep out of my wallet. 
Your cat is considerate and allows use of your keyboard? Lucky.

Mine just flops his ass on my keyboard and wants pets.
Am I on Facebook again? Thought I deleted that.
You're under age, so all you can do is provide ID and then wait 180 days until they release the funds for withdrawal. 
Knocked your burger randy. I'm sorry, have another one.

Best scene ever.
Shame.

Bread is bad for ducks.
If was only fun when you didn't have some tool glitched in a spot.
That's good. Over by my work there's a little area that has signs like this now. They proceeded to move across the way. 

Just sad they leave messes like this for the city to deal with.
Big mess the homeless made and won't clean I bet..
It truly is. Thank you for that. 
Fuck man. 

He's one of the very few actors that actually has me sad he passed away. One of my favorites and I would've loved to meet him. His message at the end of season 12 made me tear up due to being unexpected.

But it makes sense. If you're dead, you're dead. Just thinking of it is making me a little sad again. 

RIP you crazy drunk mafck.  
Lol. Reddit is obsessed with this guy.
>My other paypal account

Aren't we only allowed one account?
Integra is next door to me, they lease our building space. They seem nice.
Ah, I see I'm not the only one. 

Did my first 2 legendary missions. Both exotic caches had that item.
Shame Halo 2 isn't on the list.

Would love to get some buddies together for a glitch fest. 
Have you tried Snapchat? 

It does videos and pictures and you can save them to your phone as well. No limit as far as I know.
So how does that work then?

Say I remove the sticker of my Xbox One. Microsoft will obviously tell you it's voided. How do you make them honor it since it legally can't be voided?

It's just not worth the hassle in my opinion. But I leave my warranty stickers on my stuff since I don't open my electronics when they're under warranty.
Your title sums up my thoughts about this post of a video from a system with screen recording capability.
That's a dick thing to do, waking your friends up at 6AM. On a vacation none the less.
Worked at an orange home improvement store.

Russians seem to be the rudest and most entitled customers I've ever dealt with.
This is exactly why customers act like piece of shit. Can't believe having a knife pulled on you is grounds for termination there.

I'd sue so hard.
Wondering where the humor is in this post.

Seem to be a few that don't even make an attempt today. 
Reminds me of when I helped set up a store a few years ago.

Same thing happened. A lot...
Conquer also had it according to my girlfriend.
My girlfriends secret santa got that same toy for our kitty last Christmas.
Glad I don't go with their crappy service.
It's just sad how entitled people act over video games.
That's great.

Just don't give them a $5 raise.
Those users are shadowbanned.
Fuck those were great movies.
This one drives me crazy. 

I make it a point to own up to my mistakes. There's no reason to make excuses. If you fucked up then own up. Not the end of the world, everyone makes mistakes.
They likely didn't revoke the license. 

Downloading would technically be marketplace theft I'd imagine.
Yeah I mean this tax cut is great! I have more taken from me since I'm not married. I *must* not need it, right?

She's so dumb. 
Logitech offers some as well.
Not worth it imo since it most likely voids your warranty.
It's an app you have installed.
Yep, dudes a crazy person.
Calling bullshit in that milage lol.
My Logitech keyboard does it for some games also. 
Agree. 

That message popped up and I got so sad all over. Then they play his final words after and I almost lost it. 

What he said actually stuck in my head and makes so much sense. Lifes too short to waste. 

RIP Mr. Lahey. 
Bet it'll fuck up I5.

Glad I work on the 205 side.

Edit: Just read a Facebook post about a pursuit and the suspect is ramming cop cars.
So much this.

I never realized this until I started at my current job.
Judging by those eyes, shes ready to play. 
Hard as fuck!
Shame.

That's a great little keyboard to use for things. I have this same one for my server at home.
I'm moving soon so I may have better luck then.
Still spamming this all over reddit?

One sub is enough. Try the main gaming subs rather than spamming individual game subs. 
This sub doesn't do that.

There's an entire sub for these types of pics, people must ignore it. 

/r/progresspics
I had this puzzle. 

Had a defective piece and was impossible to fit while it clearly went in the spot.
The only one I really remember like that is the inhuman achievement in Guitar Hero 3.
I'd kill myself.
It doesn't even look like a map...
Hope game prices don't go up again. 

Otherwise I'm done renting them without free codes.
Activision didn't do anything...

It was the community that generated rumors and believed them over a picture of a wall...
That first link looks like Leslie Knope.
That's not far from me. But I'm moving in a couple months so fingers crossed I can get it there.
Makes sense I'm clueless to this. 

I live in the northwest.
Holy hell clear your notifications.
This is why I decided to not get a Pixel 2. 
Why do you have a cage around your pool?
Stopped being funny with the unnecessary visual effects.
Doesn't surprise me. It's just some teenager stealing womans images to solicit people for money with. 
Exactly what I did 2 months ago or so.

Also what I've been telling this sub. But no, I'm downvoted and cussed out for saying to stop playing.
Was wondering this myself. Kind of annoying but I can deal.
Lololol go ewhore somewhere else loser.

Edit: That's it. Private message me to talk shit lol. You really live up to being a loser don't you?
When did it come to us? Last I checked it wasn't here but I'd love no data cap.
Yeah but we don't have that in Vancouver unfortunately.
CenturyLink does have a data cap fyi.
What episode is this?
Stuff also nets a second code. 

I used this and stuff as my codes and got 2 rental codes.
I'm all for this.

Just not the $5 raise part.
I didn't do a reset.

Zero problems thus far.
Disagree.

She acts like a total bitch to everyone. I dislike her myself.
I have no respect for assholes in the military. 

Just because you fight for our country doesn't give you a free ticket to be an asshole to others.

I fully respect our troops otherwise. Unless they're like this guy.
First bit of the title seems irrelevant to the post.
The best part is people are saying they deleted their accounts.

Jokes on them. All you're doing is deactivating it. It's still there and can still be used. It's not truly deleted.

TIL You can delete it. Last I saw, it wasn't possible. I had a friend who wanted to delete hers but they wouldn't let her a couple years ago.
They posted a fucking wall...

This sub is grasping if you guys think a wall is an announcement. 
The cook thing is it's by choice. So you don't *have* to pay to play online. If you want a free experience then go to Steam.
Link showed no free sauce.

Even filtered to just condiments. 
I hope so. 

I wasn't really into first person myself with 7. With RE, I liked the fixed angles or third person.
Surprised there's no Trump stickers on that idiots truck.
Its crap. Oregon needs to keep their hands out of my wallet. 

I already pay their income tax since I work over there and that's enough.
Why is this in the funny sub?

This is terrible and far from it.
I don't even use a headset anymore anyway.
I didn't think it was too bad.

For 5 bucks, it's worth playing a bit. 
You're burnt.

It will be held for 180 days. You need to provide the documentation for them to begin that process.
Fortunately my stock flashlight works.
Verizon.

Wouldn't surprise me if they did some fuckery. 
I'm unable since I don't want a home screen widget. Oh well. 
Opened my calendar. 

No weather shows on it. Lame.
Multiple cases?

Google yielded one result...which was this post. Other results are other things.


Duck. That.
Pretty much. She had a weird look on her face so I literally said "Is something wrong?" and she just walked off.
This has happened twice to me in a week. 

Both times new passwords. Its just this account I have issues with and my computers are clean.

Best part is the account is like a month old and I don't use stat tracking sites. I've only played a single game of Unreal on it and that was a training level.
It was signed. I always made sure when I checked ID. I'd look at the card and ID signatures. It all matched up.
Decent.
Wouldn't it be a chicken sandwich since there's no burger on it?
I tried. It was her word against mine and she straight up lied to our district loss prevention guy.

I got over it quickly. After transferring stores to the one I was fired from, the people working there made me feel unwelcome. It was a blessing in disguise for me.

I hate the orange colored hardware store.
That's why I feel she wanted me gone. She intentionally withheld that info.
I love that channel!

I've been really hooked on dashcam videos lately. 
Doesn't matter. That can be faked.


That's what got me fired from a job. Card matched ID so I took it. Even had a manager standing next to me with a weird look, but didn't respond if I asked if there was a problem.

Immediately after processing the transaction, she appears by me and says she got an email about credit card fraud and that was what just happened.

Pretty sure she wanted me fired.
That's not even OP...
Oh yeah, took ours off as soon as I lost my job due to Dick Hannah.

We had got our car and they were on it. But then DH put about 30 people, myself included, out of jobs to expand their already large car lot in the area. I get its business, but the way they did it was really fucked up.
I've never seen people reach so hard.
Best Buy can't confirm something they have no control over.

This sub is grasping so hard.
Damn.

Have to wait for a new scripthook now. Lol. 
TIL all disabilities are visible.

People are pricks.
Oh look.

This post. *Again*...
They pop up in there because this community finds *anything* to be upset about.

Nothing makes them happy. That itself is signs of toxicity.
I'd rather have the Four Horsemeals of the Eggpocalypse.
I went and watched it again to see this.
Even better, you have to add a new line of service to even get it.
Anyone can list on Amazon...

People are grasping for this.
Well I guess I'm selling some 2GB sticks of DDR2 ram. 
Reaching.
It's funny people believe obvious b.s. posts for karma.
Anyone got a full video source?

News article barely shows anything.
Nice bootleg lol.
We're gonna wait til the hype dies, then we'll give them a visit.
We saw it this morning when it started from my work off 78th Ct jus off Columbia.

We're within the zone to shelter for now. Our boss in Seattle called to check on us since our customers have been calling up there about it so it auto-landed his drone.

It's crazy. My coworker tried to fly his drone, but the golf course is a no fly zone.
The best part is they could do what they did with the first game.

A year goes by and suddenly we have to wait another year for that exclusive PS4 content.
Spam account.
Nope.

Bill was $29.99 as it should be.
I literally bought my PS4 for Crash Bandicoot. 

That's how bad I wanted to play it. I'd love it to hit Xbox. 
Hope it hits Xbox One also. 
It's funny that everyone automatically assumes they're gonna make Division 2 great due to learning from past mistakes.

Let's not forget the huge step backwards Bungie took with Destiny 2.

Could very well happen with Division 2.
Those all have wheels...So how are they hoverboards?
Not below the waste.

Doesn't count.
Unnecessary NSFW tag.
I must have this sticker.

I guess wanting a sticker warrants downvotes? That's sad.
>Acid smoke, don't breathe this.

Ah, so it blends?
Upvote for bacon mac n cheese.
Or delete it. Cuz it's a fake post for karma...
Put my code in and it took me a page showing the subscriptions.

Then it wanted to charge me full price right then. Pass.

Voucher if anyone wants it, if it even works...

FNDZBNPRSEUXE

Wow, never thought I'd be downvoted for sharing a free code...
Misleading title.

Confirmed, by Blizzard, it's not happening. 
Jeez enough with the breaks. Every other week is ridiculous. 
Maybe they have life alert?
Is /r/BlackMirror not a sub? 

EDIT: It is...why is this here?
This is why you should just worry about pumping your gas when you're at the pump.

Otherwise things like this happen. Only an idiot allows this to happen.
Amazing that people go to such lengths to be lazy thieving pieces of shit.
I love that people are still sure it's Black Ops 4.

Nothing has even been announced.
Decent.
We frequent all in our area often. They're all pretty close by.
He looks exactly like my cat holy crap.
That has to be YMMV.

I've asked about either of those and was told no because it was free and I needed to use it before it expires.
I don't understand how knife only runs are possible. I couldn't do it myself.

Like how do you beat a boss? Especially since it's close range and the boss will fuck you up.
Most of the freebies do. 

A little while back we had a freebie for a 20oz Sunkist. Of the 5 stores we went to, NONE of them had it in stock. In fact, any time we went up until that freebie expired, it was never stocked.

But literally *one day after* it expires, they were stocked up fully...

Oh well. Not drinking soda is better for me.
Because this hasn't ever been posted.

Come on Reddit. Save giving gold to original content...not recycled.
It's just that.

Talk. Nothing more.
Uh...nowhere in this video says it's coming to Switch. 

In fact, Nintendo isn't even mentioned.

You guys are grasping.
Logged in between those dates.

Didn't get shit.
Your link is some screenshot of a Facebook post?

EDIT: Reddit Is Fun completely changed the link in this post. It's normal on a desktop computer, but not mobile.

Edit 2: Now it was an "orbital upvote cannon". Wtf Imgur?
Low tier image.

Screenshots are a thing. 
Owner: Diet Center LLC

Ironic.
Want to get this game again.

Just rough to invest $50 into a season pass when the game is a third of that price.
Love learning the same stuff every month. 
205 isn't too bad. It moves at a decent pace unless there's an accident.

Have to be to work by 830 and I leave at 8. Have yet to be late.
Likely fake?

That is 100% fake...
His titties indicate he doesn't need those lol.
Try 360, One and PC since 2013.

Not shit here.
Well TIL it's different for each customer. Lol.
Can confirm. Am a Bank of America customer and that deal is listed in my list of deals.

"Offer expires 4/2/2018. Offer valid one time only. New customers only. Excludes DIRECTV satellite service. Must pay 1 monthly DIRECTV NOW bill of at least $35 by 4/17/2018 using the card associated with the offer to earn $35 cash back to your eligible debit or credit card. $35 cash back will be delivered to account at least 30 days after your qualifying payment is made. See additional terms & conditions at directvnow.com. Taxes, fees, other charges & restrictions may apply."
Wow.

That's how you make people not buy your game.

Rented it. It was ass. 
I just saw this at a restaurant I went to in Portland or Vancouver. 

Edit: Pretty sure it was Killer Burger.
Also goes the other way around.

I live in WA but work in OR. I pay OR income tax on top of what normally comes out for taxes.
Yep. Fine is like $1,100 I heard.

Which is awesome. If you're going to move over here and use the roads then you need to pay and have your vehicle registered.

30 days is more than enough time to do so.
Cool, good way to stop me from buying your product.

Headphone jack is a must.
Except that's a dresser...
Nice mushroom stamp technique. 
The second it was caught he should have let go...

Is he retarded?
Pay for Vader?

You could also play the game and unlock it that way. It's like Reddit purposely ignores the fact that things can be unlocked via *optional* purchase or making progress in game.
Halo 2 was my first online console game.

Good times. 
Nice!

Literally just started a rewatch a couple weeks ago. Good timing.
Might've been funny if the internet didn't overkill that joke recently. 
I never see GallowBoob called out for his clear karma farming...
Cheaters suck.
I've come to learn that favoritism is a real thing on Reddit.

Stopped reporting things a while ago because of bullshit like that.
YMMV

Took a controller in that had a bumper go out. I was instantly denied since it was out of warranty. Asked for a manager and the refused to go get me one. I wasn't even getting loud or upset with them. I was polite and just wanted some help. They wouldn't even help me troubleshoot...

After this, I refuse to visit the store in downtown Portland. Bunch of dicks.
It's convenient for some.

Like myself. I don't have hundreds of dollars to go out and drop on a brand new S8. But by going through my carrier, I get it on monthly payments.  I'd go direct via Samsung, but my credit isn't good enough for them.
Exactly. So many rumor posts going around this sub being accepted as fact.
Ok?

Why's a cat funny now reddit?
The one downside is you can't use some of the DLC.

If I remember right, certain DLC would cause the game to freeze in loading screens. 

Unless they fixed it, which I doubt.
Anyone else notice no mention at all of Mark?
God damn the person recording needs to shut the fuck up.
So let's ban a game for having microtransactions.

Ok. Better ban pretty much every current and future game by that logic. 
This was funny the first time a graduate did it.

Now it's overused like the hand cream one for the dude with no hand.
I'm wondering how they were able to open a dispute past the deadline. 

I'd call then and ask why they're refunding a year later..
I remember those. 

I got kicked out of a Fred Meyer once when I was a kid because I had went in with a notebook and started writing down cheat codes. 
I'm December.

So I don't die?
So the shot doesn't count.

When she makes the maneuver legitimately then she gets some props.
Except she travelled. 

3 steps lead up to her shot with a dribble in between.
Glad this sub thinks suicide jokes are ok.

Pretty fucked.
Such a good guy yet he straight up ignored the others around. Like dude who wanted to shake his hand.
Odd.

My 1TB system can get me $80 in credit or $64 in cash.
No.

Line access is $20 with Verizon.

Have 5 lines on my account that all have device payment plans like the person you replied to.

Line access is $100, which is $20 per line.
Surprised "the big orange" didn't return it.

When I worked there, we had a guy apply again to a ton of trim. At this point I was to deny it.

Management made me look like an asshole. Fuck that company. 
What does her disability have to do with anything??
Cool.

Not getting an S9 then. It needs to be on the front.
We'll see how much it improves the fingerprint sensor.

It's alreasy in a bad place and takes multiple tries to unlock so I'm down for improvement.

Hopefully they don't make this same bad decision on the S9. 

Honestly will be a deal breaker for me.
Man do people avoid/r/progresspics?

Mods, can we get a filter for these posts at least? 
Lol 0 images.
This is absolutely true. 

When you work retail, you deal with a lot of bullshit. Entitlement is a big thing that pissed me off a lot especislly. 

When you have someone mention they appreciate your friendly attitude all the time and overall good service, it feels great. Boosts your confidence a little even and can make your day better right there. 

It really helps balance out the negativity of asshole customers you deal with.
Happy from Sons of Anarchy?
Bullshit. He knew what he did when he was seen laughing while tossing fireworks.

I hope this little punk gets what he deserves someday because he caused a lot of problems for many people and is getting a slap on the wrist.

Pisses me off.
Holding the bar.

Lame.
Indeed. I love my kitty. 
She looks like my cat.

Mine is a Russian Blue.
I didn't lose mine, but I'd snap back at rude customers.

Had one guy call me a "fucking bastard" when I wouldn't buy his 10 rolls of pennies.

Told him to get the fuck out and fuck off. My boss had a good laugh when I told her about it.
What a real piece of shit.
In Germany.
Lol. Worried about spoilers for a 14 year old game.

Let's worry about real issues with Steam.
Wonder how many times this will be posted...
I'm amazed people will spend that much for shitty pizza and wings.
You flick your wrist. 

Not hard to see that. You're blind.
Love his commitment. 

Given he is drunk. I still love it.
And people wonder why today's generation of youths are eating tide pods.

Too good for class so he goofs off. Sad.
No way this is a real installation disk set.
Because people are people.

They don't care about other people's stuff. They're just inconsiderate pricks.
OPs post got ripped off by the Fuck Jerry page on Faceboook lol.
Wow, so I'm one out of 14. 

Never got into sports.
Recoverable.

Edit: Didn't think I needed an s/ tag...lol.
The word of the day is job.

J-O-B.
Would be crap if it hits those and not Xbox One...

Lol at the downvotes. So everyone but us Xbox players should get it? 
You make me want to play Portal 2 again.

And watch Oz.
Google Play Music let's you edit playlists.

Just subscribe to that instead.
That game is ass.

But I also don't like pay to win games.
Pretty sure the Note 8 released with a higher retail.
Top comment points out it's a troll...
Subadouch, he was.
Perfect example of why Black Ops 3 is shit.

That jump crap ruined it for me.
Been known for years now.
Paired with that dubstep song.

Was a good time.
*heavy breathing intensifies*
I've only used it to do a glitch but never actually played coop with someone on it.
So ebay protects scammers.

Will never sell on there then.
Nice to see a positive topic among all the whining. 
You'd think a 5 year user would know that this sub has a rule against rehosted web comics.
Got old after the first 58283 people did this meme.
Good? Norton?

Drugs are bad m'kay.
Don't worry.

The IRS will eventually get you for tax evasion. 
Cool.

So not only did I lose what I had, they pull this crap.

I was 2 rentals away from a freebie. Not anymore...

Gamefly is looking good again.
Wow.

I guess screw G3 owners who had this. My old G3 did. That's what turned me away from LG.
Go to Google Maps. It has bus routes as well.
So you stole from her because she was excited.

Way to be a jerk.

Edit: Wow. Downvotes for calling out a jealous thief. What a world we live in.
Love how people are calling you out at a liar for this story.

They can't sell 3 cars in a day so it's impossible that someone else could.
Varies by location. 

It's 11.25 where I live.
My last coworker Brandon is like this.

He didn't like me since I didn't listen to him.
Good to know. Thought about booting up Black Ops 1 again.
Checked my data usage when I first used that feature.

Didn't use data at all and I watch it close since I have a cap. Plus the transfer speeds exceed my actual connection speed and I know my connection isn't that fast.
Do they just not realize they look like idiots?
Pretty sure OPs screenshot has a modded on the top of the player list.

No level icon.
Same. Currently doing a rewatch of that show. It's great.
And here it is being upvoted...
Well, if you're US then Netflix gives you the middle finger.

We get it when 4 hits TV. Meanwhile, everyone else gets it. It's ridiculous. Especially since that likely means it will finally come to US Netflix in September...total crap.
Well I guess we know he isn't still sitting in that room.

RIP.
Half eaten food isn't foodporn imo.
About to unsub from this sub. Love it but this is another upvoted dead link. 

Gets old. 4th guide I've seen posted and interested in and no dice.

Check those links before posting.
Doubt anyone gets charged and forced to pay it.

My number is on the list but I get sales calls constantly. 
Your fault for not being specific so why are you upset?
Our cat does this. Well, he does to my girlfriend. He leaves me be.
Legend would be the person who came up with the idea, not one of the several people that found it online and copied the idea.
When did Samsung release these?

Oh they didn't. So this is a *rumor* from someone that doesn't work for the company.

Really should have a rumor tag.
Yeah, disrespectful students should not get to borrow stuff like this.

Hope he was told he had to pay for it.
OP blindly copied and and pasted the title when reposting it looks like.

That's Winco, not Home Depot.

Not surprised when it's people karma farming.
Don't quit your day job.
Wow.

Never thought I'd see a positive post among the sea of salt.
Turd Crapley!
Oh dang!
The Elite controller has the same warranty and build quality as regular controllers.

So you're not missing much.
They're in your spam...should be your first red flag.
Worked at a gas station. Carded a couple for a box of coconut water. I did realize my error and we all laughed it off.

I was covering another store apart from my main one and ours didn't have boxed coconut water. I saw the box briefly and assumed it was a box of wine. They looked similar at a quick glance. 
Torrent sites have it. No key needed for it either.

Can't say which ones but I know since I just got it myself recently. 
Second link in this sub in 2 days being upvoted when it's dead...
Now you should delete this and post in the sub meant for it.

/r/progresspics
I agree over the shoulder is fine, but RE2 should keep the everything the same as the original, including the fixed angels. Just new graphics.

No need to make changes to anything gameplay wise imo.
You're using a US account which means you're using fake info which means you're in violation of their terms.
You're trying to buy from a foreign country with a US based PayPal account?

That's what I get from your post and it's clear as to what the problem is.
So It's something different from the real RE2 story??
This is exactly why I keep telling my girlfriend I want to get one in our car.
A post I wouldn't mind looking at and it's a dead link being upvoted.
Guess he should enjoy it since he's going nowhere in life.

Pay attention in class.
Maybe if it was a real SUV and not a Ford. 😉
TIL corn is apparently orange. 
So not only is it dumb it costs money lol.

Hard pass. 
Anyone dumb enough to fall for that shouldn't be on a job site.
And skaters wonder why people think so little of them..
It is also no /r/progresspics.

Those get old.
All that effort and you still couldn't take a screenshot to have it look nicer..
12 year member and I've never received a freebie that's sent out. Not even a measly $5 code.
Progresspics might be a better place for this. 

Not pics.
Of course she's sorry. She's sorry she got caught and punished.

Otherwise she wouldn't have done it.
Is there?

I guess Verizon felt I didn't want that feature either. Cool. 
Try calling them...
Edit: App working now.

Verizon is throttling me even though I'm not even a quarter thru my 22GB on my line with unlimited.
Norman Bates?
Ah. Fine example of rule 0 being broken and mods not caring.
If it's a wireless fast charger then it should have came with the proper cord.
So it's ok for certain users to break rules?
Likely. 

But that's in this sub because it finds *anything* to reach out and complain about.
My question is if he has vision problems then why's he out driving a boat...
Yet here it is being upvoted.

Wtf Reddit? 
Unless he's really hacking, he has nothing to worry about.

Reports have to be legit for them to do anything and I doubt your son is breaking the CoC.
There's no abuse. I used them like normal and the left ear just stopped working one day.
Destiny 2 subreddit cannot do that at all lol. So much salt in that sub.
You're warning was the ToS you agree to when making your account.
TIL that having a nice car means you're a drug dealer.

That's some really bad logic there..
We just know they're a group of morons with nothing better to do than harass people trying to go about their day.

Protesters of this nature are assholes. At least be peaceful if you want to protest.
I clicked to read more, was redirected several times before finding out my S8 has a virus.

Cool.
TIL people still rollerblade. Thats cool.
Lol! $139.99 for headphones that break in a month. 
Yes it does. 

It was way better on the front and easier to access imo.

Literally had the back sensor tell me it wasn't the right print the other day and force me to use my PIN. Never had an issue on my S7.

Hoping Samsung rethinks that silly placement choice with the S9.
Gameplay affecting? That's kinda reaching.

They do nothing to change gameplay.
Called out and Reddit *still* upvoted it...smh.
Glad Reddit upvotes this and instantly believes it without any hard proof from a reliable source..
Never once had lag spikes on my S8.
At your typical camper in that window.

Hated that map becsuse everyone camps there.
Surprising with the garbage music they replaced the good stuff with.
Cheaters aren't limited to one nationality lol. 
Have big hands. 

Disagree. 
I like the coupons in it myself.

No harm in it. Just chuck it.
Something like that I believe. I was in 7th grade. I'm pretty sure there was a newspaper article about it and my mom said some embarrassing shit lol.

I don't remember the date exactly, but I remember the entire scenario.
I'm glad they do this and catch sick people.

What I don't understand is how are they able to charge him for things against a minor that doesn't exist? I mean, I'm glad it works that way but it still confuses me.

Oh well. Pervert off the streets at least lol.
Ah. So lets risk *another* accident by whipping out my phone to record video as I'm still driving...

Seems like a lot of truck drivers are careless assholes on the road. I see some that are awesome, but a lot of them drive like assholes...or use their phone while driving a big ass truck...
Jeez.

You know you're taking advantage of a lacking market with a price like that.

Pass. Maybe if the price drops like 50%.
>I have no idea how this even happened, but bravo.

Trainer. I had this on the one I used. So much fun.

Love the bathroom one.
Yeah I'd avoid it.

When I went there, I was bullied a lot. But the staff never did anything about it because it was my word against the bully and his friends.

One bully was suspended and waited for me. 

Next thing I know I'm on my way to the ER from a stab wound from the kid.

So like I said, I'd avoid it imo.
People like him are a joke.

It's just that. A free add-on being used. Not to mention it's streaming Netflix and other paid services without requiring you to make an account. So who's paying for it? Definitely something illegal going on there.

I flag posts selling it. They get removed every time too.
I just wish people would stop.

So many dislike the game yet continue to play and look for things to whine about. 
Ah good ole Discovery. 

I got stabbed when I was going there years ago. 
The real confusion is this...why did you post a link that doesn't work?
Fuck that's sad man. Damn. 

Not much makes me tear up but this is spot on from my experience. 
So much this.

Literally why that switch is there. Glad I never had to use it when I worked at a gas station.
Warranty exchange should never make a customer pay a difference...thats crap.
One of those people who posts other people's children on Reddit..
"You know what kind of foods are shaped like dicks? The best kind!"
A big meaty fudge dragon.
I'd say so.

I have it on my Xbox One, but I wanted it for PC since I could use a trainer in single player and play around with the new cars rather than buying them in the online portion.
This happens to me as well on both of my systems. A hard shutdown usually fixed it though. Still mildly annoying, but oh well. 

Edit: Felt I should clarify I have an original 1TB model and a One S 1 TB model, so it doesn't seem to be limited to a certain model of Xbox Ones.

As long as I can play my games and its just a small bug with an easy fix, I can deal and be patient and wait on a fix.
Wow that's lame. 

Mayhem is alreasy fun so why ruin it with this crap. People suck.
If it makes you feel better, I'm a void Warlock and I have no idea what this even is.

Some kind of glitch people abuse?
If that was the train from GTA5, it wouldn't have budged. *At all*.
I like this idea. 

I'm gonna do this.
Photobucket is still around?

There are free alternatives my friend. Don't feed into their greed.
Wait to say you want two scoops! Let them get you one and assume that's all you want.

Now you know how good of a scoop they can make and then ask for a second so the size isn't compromised with the knowledge of two scoops.
Well that was disappointing.

Was waiting for him to hurt himself. Want my 1:05 back.
That's when you be a parent and take it away.

Parents are such pushover these days it's ridiculous. 
Penalties? What brand did they damage? 

They used something available on the internet that was made by a user who doesn't actually hold rights to said image. So no permissions needed since the rights belong to the devs.
So if she killed him, why would an ambulance matter??
It's the glass that it's standing behind...
"I see you like extra sasuage"
Season only or no?
TIL putting faces on a random gif means spoilers.
Weird. 

Post says 3 months. The link, when followed, offered 4 months. Then when I actually go to redeem, it says it's 59 days which is roughly 2 months.

I'll take it either way, but that was weird lol.
An XL is like $100...

Home Depot truck rental typically charges $19 for the first hour. 
Can I get some sauce with this?
3 days ago would be Thursday. 

The weekend isn't business days. It'll probably show up tomorrow.
That's cool but please take it to /r/progresspics since that's the sub for it.
Gotta love useless tweakers disposing of stuff where kids can potentially find them.

Hate tweakers.
This is radio stations in general.

The one here plays the same songs every hour it seems like.
These are starting to get old...
It is.

PayPal uses your first and last name in emails.
I hope he's charged with the murder.

Lol that tool Keemstar is still around?
Let's get the RE2 remake first..
They say you shouldn't stick your dick in crazy.
That's how I feel about it. I'll watch it once every few replays though. 
LPT: if you find an empty treasure box, check underneath in case they took you for a fool and put the real treasure under.
I only skip Fly myself.
I like that helmet. I use it mainly.
Greeee-heeee-heeeeasy.
I hope they catch the person and charge them with a murder. Seems fair.
That's just showing favoritism among your kids, which is a sign of bad parenting imo.

You don't play favorites like that with your kids.
Pills here!
Speaking of.

I got my gf Sims 4 for Christmas. She made a character based off me. 

I started a fire with mac n cheese...
Dumbest shit ever.
So it's another Plex in a sense? Are there advantages over Plex? I've had Plex for a while and it does everything you say there and works great.
No issues here. But I also use Reddit Is Fun to browse from my phone.
Report it. If we all do so I'm sure they'd look into it...right?
I wanted the creeper controller.

But there's no justifying pricing it higher. Same material, different color scheme. Greedy people seem to price these things.
Jesus this sub *looks* for things to complain about.

We get it. Many aren't satisfied with the game. So stop playing it then if you're just gonna whine and compare it to D1. If you want stuff like D1 then play D1 and quit spamming complaints.

Would be nice if we could go just one day without a complaint within this sub but I don't think that's possible. 

EDIT: There's the downvotes. Can't handle the truth.
I wish I could hide these posts. 

They belong in /r/progresspics. A whole sub *meant* for these posts..

EDIT: I'll clarify that it's great to see progress made with people. I just wish the posts would go in the right sub. There's a lot of them in this sub.
It really does. That drumbeat.
Nope.

For some reason they're delaying it like that. Total crap.

Get us on a schedule for 3 years then flip us off.
I wish they'd just add it into the game so we could freely roam there instead of just what we're allowed within the story.
Speaking of things no one asked for...
No one said it was different.
Sorry occifer that molotov cocktail threw itself in his garden. 
Unkess you get a trainer. 

I have snow in SP. It's awesome.
Nice to see a lying cunt punished for this shit.
Would be neat look at but the link is dead and it's a broken image.

Edit: Left this comment when this was at a little over 200 upvotes. It's now over 1000...And the link is dead. Good job Reddit.
Was anyone else waiting for them to plow into a building at the end?
The end annoyed me.

$1,000 bonus and they're whining that it's not enough. Like bitch that's a grand you didn't have before. Ungrateful much.
That feeling is pretty nice. I have that same ability. I love being franchised rather than corporate. 
I haven't watched DBZ in years.

Think I'm gonna go ahead and give it a watch.
How about don't commit fraud?
Sweet.

According to the linked site, I have a virus on my S8.

Do you not want web traffic? Because that's how you don't get web traffic.
That's how you know it's an Apple fanboy writing the article. 
Nice man! Get two birds stoned at once!
I actually knew this one! 

Hit me with another friend!
What's with the shy portions of cheese and bacon?

Everyone knows that all the bacon. 
I'll keep that in mind for my kitty this Summer.

:)
That's what I love about my job at a gas station.

I can call out people like that if they get snotty with me.
Is that so? Interesting.
New members only.

Wish they'd offer a returning member deal. You'd think they'd try to retain old customers.
It was known from day 1 that TTK was not in the expansion pass...It said what DLC it covered. 
I did not! Thanks. 
Ah! Glad to see Catfacts is still around.
Yep. Recently experienced this with my router USB port. Had a network drive not show in Win10 and a user said he got it working but didn't share what he did. 
Ah yes.

I recall the days in high school PE seeing so many kids take an Axe bath...
Ah the Galil. 

Loved that gun. I might boot up Black Ops and play a couple rounds.
You don't require gold to buy content.
I thought the same thing!

It has so much potential and it's closed off unless you're in a mission that has you going in there.

It's disappointing but I'm hoping they do something in the future with it.
I had someone try and pass a counterfeit $100 to me the other night. 

Immediately deny it. But dude argues that it's legit because it says "Federal Reserve Note". 
They actually extended it with D1s exclusive content when it was initially to hit Xbox.
A sea of retards.
Did a little fingerpainting.
Pretty sure any apartment you go for is going to check your credit.
I had it once. Got it for myself from a bundle.

It's really nothing special imo. But people like it and it supports Reddit so if they're happy then I'm happy I suppose.
That looks like so much fun. 

Sign me up.
Above waist. Doesn't count.
My bank put a freeze on my debit card once when I made like 20 purchases for $2.15 each from Xbox. Easily fixed with an email they had sent when the alert triggered.

Made me laugh. My bank doesn't know we like a big Rock Band library lol.
Unless USPS straight up tears into it.

Girlfriend got something from the IRS last week. Well, she got half of it...

I feel the IRS, being a government operation, has their mail go from their office into some big bag that goes to USPS securely so that kinda narrows it down imo.
>So a few years back it became illegal for commercials on TV to be louder than the actual show.

I knew I wasn't crazy!
Total crap unfinished games are allowed on console. 
I started off with a fresh install.

So no scripthook files. Strange it doesn't work for me.

Not too worried. I can wait for the update to enjoy my Deluxo.
I don't like the new look of the debit card.
I tried that last night. It doesn't seem to work. Mentions something about "EnableMPCars.log" yet that file isn't there.

Maybe I'm doing something wrong. Hopefully Scripthook gets updated soon.
Yeah, I've not liked my UPS guy lately.

Doesn't even knock. Just leaves the package and calls it good..
I want this so badly.

That's so cool!
If she thought you cheated because your heart rate went up then you should reconsider that marriage imo. That's pretty crazy.
But entitled bike riders!

/s

Fuckers need to yield to signals if they're gonna be on the road on a bicycle. 
Agree!

No longer do I have to watch that pesky Breaking Bad intro. Too long.
 This is exactly why we keep our jerky box behind the counter. :)

>The best bit is when it gets really angry at the end. 

Oh man I thought the same thing. Hahaha.

I lauughed way too hard at this.

Actually I still am. Lol.
Couple cars in our neighborhood ended up on blocks a few weeks ago.

Package theft is a problem as well lately for the holidays.
Man as soon as the trainer for SP I use gets updated I'm gonna enjoy this bad boy.
No surprise. 

Everything super expensive again. Thank goodness for trainers in SP. Best thing ever.
Sounds like the son was moving the console while the disc was spinning.
Literally the same thing I did. 

That car drives and handles so well in that game.
Sabre Turbo.

Best car imo.
That's what I thought haha.

Can get an ounce with that. 
One of my favorite parts in one of my favorite movies.

Now I have to go watch it.
Had this a lot when I worked at the orange hardware store. Was irritating.
That worked!

😁
I thought about this after some of the things I read about the DLC. 

I think I'm gonna keep D2. I'm hoping they improve it like they did the first game eventually was.
Doesn't turn it off. Just beings the shutdown options and then a second press brings up the guide.
No one ever was being forced.
The recent Sierra Mist and SunKist freebies.
Hopefully it'll be in stock.
Killer Burger in Vancouver, WA is really good. 

Unlimited fries and the Peanut Butter Pickle Bacon Cheeseburger is amazing.
Fuck Tony 

I'd call corporate and mention you're being punished when you were off the clock. 

I would have quit the second I was punished if I was you.
All 3 of these games have had those cases for a while now.
That's how it starts.

That's how they adopt you my friend. She's yours now.
Bot. 

It's sad they're not being punished. 
Not the same.

You're actually getting a physical item for your money.
So do I have to buy the DLC to play Heroic Strikes?

Edit: Yup. Cool. Will be a while before I get to enjoy part of the $60 game I bought.
My dad picked me up an original Xbox randomly one weekend. I was pretty excited. Modded it up and played it for years. So many hours were spent on emulators on it as well.

Eventually got a 360. Played a lot of Rock Band on that when I first had it. Had so much fun. Halo 3 was the next game I logged a lot of hours on. Halo 2 was still online so I also continued to enjoy that. I ended up getting a second console, the Slim, so my girlfriend and I could game together with our own accounts and screens. 

My mom had got me my Xbox One as a Christmas gift a few years back. I was excited to get that and played a ton of Destiny on it. I eventually got a 1TB model and then a 1TB One S model. Ended up trading the 500GB for a TV that my cat knocked down and broke.

Thanks for the chance at this. :)
I5 is full of asshole drivers.

Experience it daily.
Then you should probably get a job.
Don't forget the 2 cars on blocks in that area.

I live off 62nd. It's not exciting.
As I read this, I remembered one.

My dad though it would be funny to get a giant bolt (was like a foot and a half long) and spray paint it gold.
Then buy some?
Wonder how the extra mode is since only Switch gets it.
I had a supervisor try and screw me out of a break with a 5 hour shift.

Called a manager. He says he doesn't have time for this crap.

Don't miss that orange hellhole of a hardware store at all.
Because people *chose* to pay it...
You don't *have* to spend anything actually. It is 100% choice.
I hate people that turn into your lane going slow as balls.

I honk also. Then they look confused. 
Starbucks blows anyway. Never liked their drinks.

I go to a local place. Love my Dutch Bros. 
Practically anything is grounds for a lawsuit to many these days.
Never said anything about what Bungie did.

Simply said they didn't force anyone to buy Pop Tarts.
Wow.

Because they forced people to buy Pop Tarts right? 
Now that's some good WTF material. 

I never knew salivary stones were a thing.
Wow. What kind of idiot passes on snow and ice...

Coulda been a bad accident.
Lol $700.

I'll pass. Love Crash, but not that much. 
Still trying to get a replacement for mine. Left ear stopped working randomly 1 month into owning them.

Weird. My 4 year old iFrogz from Wal-Mart still work great so how are these already messed up?
Meanwhile lots of other animals die every day yet get no recognition like this one...
And that damn construction still isn't finished. 
Yeah for some reason it's ok for some users and not for others.

I used a paper plate in an image I wanted to post. Was put down by this sub for doing so with a paper plate. Yet I see paper plate posts all the time..
Nope.

Band is called Iron Maiden. No "s" is there at all.

Big difference.
In your defense, it looked like it kept going with the little dirt cloud trail.
I got that plan and speeds for $29.99 a month.

Love my 200 down.
I lost patience for people posting in the wrong sub.

/r/progresspics is a thing for this. 
Reddit is a place to solicit donations now?
Why didn't you mention your lazy coworkers ignoring a customer? You were busy and one of them could have helped. 
I get that, but at that very moment...its wet with sweat.

I wash my hands constantly because I handle money. 
How is this wtf?
Any place selling it for more than retail gets called out and loses my business.
At my work, the second I see sock or bra money during the hot summer, I just out rubber gloves.

Even had a guy ask me why. Told him I don't touch sweaty ass sock money bare handed.
Bet that dumbass was looking at his phone...
Mine was discovering what a screenshot was. It was a revelation. 
As long as you didn't input any information on that page, you're fine.

If you want to be extra safe, change your password. But by clicking on a phishing link, it doesn't automatically send anything. 

I got bored once and opened one I had received. Proceeded to spam the login form.
Yes, don't. 
Already had them.

We already get one CoD a year. Let's at least not get what we've already had. 
Pretty sure Doom is like 5 bucks in the RedBox.
I just bought a PS4 so I could play it. I wanted The Last of Us anyway and that's not coming to Xbox One I'm sure.

Worth it. I prefer the PS4 controller for Crash Bandicoot anyway.
It is random after all...
I got it. Thank you! 😁
No results.
So hard to put a killer away.
Adept sound? How so I set this?
Yay Hard Light!

I only got 6 of those in a row from engrams.
Yeah the physical copy always goes down to $40.

I may get it, but still debating as I'd need 2 copies then.
Just as retarded as Trump. Awesome.
Digitally, you're probably right lol.
Was hoping that the new CoD would go on sale since other stores will have it for that price.

Wishful thinking.
Breakfast burritos all day?

Score!
First progressional unlocks isn't ok, despite that being a thing since forever.

Now games can't have DLC? 😂😂

Man Reddit is just grasping for things to whine about now.
Ah the good old days of playing Silent Cartographer several times over on the OXM disc.
Sweet. A bluetooth pair that will go out month after owning the device? Pass.

Still trying to get mine replaced...such a nightmare. 
Upvotes for a good manager!

Seriously nice to see that. 
Wheres the funny part?
Happens with inclines.

Going down even the smallest hill will give more speed. Pair that with the constant wheelie, which gives even more speed, was a factor.

The bike itself doesn't do that on flat ground.
Ah ok.

Is it per account or per card? Because I may rent 2 copies of WW2 for a night.
My guess is they raised it because people use it to avoid the fees of goods and services.
How does it even work?
It totally is. Especially for PC with a trainer.
There's always some tool that asks about wireless headsets on every one of Major Nelson's Facebook posts. It's hilarious.
Sweet.

I've chosen wisely twice now. 
I got my S8 for 420 after the 300 down Best Buy did as a promo. I'd get something that will tide you over til Black Friday and then make your big purchase. 
Why are people upvoting a dead link?
If it doesn't make sense then you should pay attention in class. 
You moved the console then. 

The only way your disc will be damaged like that is by moving the console while the drive is spinning the disc.

Sucks, but you caused it.
How do you have 2 parachutes
Halo 2 had so many people that did this. 
They *now* believe?

They never have been. Lol.
Mac edition costs more because those users will clearly overpay for things of they have a Mac.
Hey it's the guy who has no clue what he talks about when it comes to expensive cameras.
The game that kickstarted my love for Xbox.

I got so into it. So many memories. I wish it was still around with the original servers. 

MCC Halo 2 isn't the same.
But if they're not on your character then how do you expect to progress them? 

The point of them being on you is so they progress.

Lol. This sub is ridiculous. Quests were like this on D1...yet now it's an issue?
Good.

Don't need that parkour bullshit anyway.
Would be nice.

Don't like the name I have on mine anymore. Just have it because all my games are on there at this point.
Missing the 1TB original black Xbox One model.
Not as often as people take pictures of a TV when a screenshot feature exists.
Misleading title.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_best-selling_video_games

Tetris holds it with 170 million.
This gif made me really happy.

😊
I fucking love how you handled that.
You guys didn't allow it with the Taco Bell winners so why is this ok? Same exact concept.
He means they'll want you to pay off the negative balance, like a bank would.

Otherwise, they'll send you to collections.
How is someone with grammar like that even a YouTuber that people want to watch?
Also why you pay attention to your surroundings when driving.
>The cop even paid for the gas.

>Times sure have changed.

Yeah, they have changed. 

These days, if you drive off and don't pay for your gas, you can lose your license.
So is the ability to take a screenshot. 
This code doesn't work. Tried it last night.
Explains why my service tanked earlier. 

Just rebooted my modem and router and it fixed it.
It's such a good show. I'm really into it.
First would be incorrect.

Taco Bell winners already had theirs.
I agree. 

One of my favorite vehicles to use in single player since I can't get it online. 
That's not how it works. That would make you a scammer. 

It is crap if you're banned for nothing, but you still received what you paid for at the time of payment. 

Don't be a scammer.
Complete with the one idiot who doesn't know how to joker (not you, OP)
Man that's total crap.
Yes...rest in peace in peace...
You should see the GTA5 subreddits then. So many cheaters got money taken away and claimed innocence.

It was glorious. 

It's not hard to play the game as intended.
You should see this cool feature I found.

Let's you take and post screenshots from your consoles.
Yeah I mean why should kids learn stuff in school?
People still use Google Maps for GPS?

Waze is where it's at.
Duh.

Apple Fanboys tend to make shit up as they go when comparing to Android devices.
>(My account is USA but i from UAE)

You're burnt. Using fake info is a no no.


You know, because screw you if you're a man with cancer.

Good idea but kinda one sided.

Edit: So sexism against men is ok? I guess some redditors are just morons.
Glad I didn't preorder.

I had a feeling there would be issues. You'd think they'd learn from this happening with past CoD releases...
You can tell that's fake. 

It was way lower when he had used his foot to kick it up.

Suddenly it's as if it fell from the heavens.
Anyone else not surprised that North Korea has them all blocked?
I've had my S8 for about 3 months now.

Still not into it. I have trouible unlocking my phone via fingerprint often actually. Sometimes I have to just put in a PIN.
I hate it.

Belongs on the front imo
Only an idiot falls for that.
The fix is...stop idling.

If you're not playing then that's the entire point of why you're being kicked.
The easiest give away is the email in place of first and last name.

PayPal always addresses you as such in emails. So the emails may look good, but this is a dead giveaway that it's a phisher.
Isn't it rated M anyway??
God?

Lolno. It's an automated course. No one is playing. 

Wow people think someone is playing this? Haha think again.
Hulu has it next day. 
Same.

Verizon likes assuming I don't want certain things on my phone.
I DON'T KNOW HOW ON REDDIT IS FUN SIR

Why are we yelling?
May have to look into that since I don't like rooting my devices. Thanks. 
I don't use one on my phone so it's kinda my own fault but still, shouldn't have ads like that.
Lolol I forgot to change it when I got it. 

Good catch.
Bet it will be on black Friday. 

Downvotes? 

I'll have a laugh if I'm right.
Cool.

My S8 has a virus according to that sites ads. 

And people wonder why we use adblockers...
Creative mode.
Why not consider upgrading your HDD?
Well I guess it's good it's never been like that.

I've never had a swarm of cops appear like that. 
Dude.

LPT of the fucking year. I don't know why I didn't think of this...

Maybe I'll do this when I eat out also. This one place has a fatass plate of nachos that have a nice bit of leftovers. Perfect for this LPT.
This is pretty well known.

Edit: It is known in this sub, where this is posted. There are guides on heroic triggers. 
If you had a valid reason to open it, I'd avoid closing it.

Call PayPal and see what they say. She should be able to settle the dispute. 
It's available as a PS4 game.

Just get that.
Well it says do it within that time and you barely missed it so.
Wow.

Fuck the little people right?

What a joke. Congress can suck my taint.
I had Cerberus up until they decided to lie about my lifetime license and cancel it.

So nothing now. 
Do people just purposely ignore /r/progresspics?

It's there for these kinds of posts.
ymmv
Haha.

My cat will lay one half on our recliner arm and the other on the couch arm and make a kitty bridge.
Hoarders always whine about inventory space. Lol.
Oh I thought it was out.

Dammit. :(
How is it a surprise when he's clearly prepared with a mask? 
Got a 4 day weekend after today.

Fusion Frenzy it is.
Wow that's total crap.

I'll never get that game then.
/r/progresspics is a thing. 

Jeez now people are fishing in gifs also. Ugh.
I passed it up.

It's not a game everyone likes.
Lucky you.

Mine aren't even 2 months old or so...and one side is dead.

$99 for these is a joke. I'm glad they came with the phone and I didn't pay for them.
Can't. I meant can't. I know better.
Good.

I'd stop watching the show if they did that. You can't replace him for Jim Lahey. 
100% false.
It's there for $9.99.
The funny part is they don't just issue suspensions for no reason. You're just hiding the real reason, like damn near everyone who gets a suspension on Xbox.

Yeah, fuck them for suspending someone breaking the rules. 
It's starting to get old.

Even worse are the asshats that have a headlight out so they turn on brights for the other one so I'm blind in my mirror.
Yeah not everyone is fortunately. 

I've left groups from LFG because they wanted to cheese raids. I'll pass. Legit victory is better.
Is this serious right now? This sub is full of people who will happily exploit any available cheese in raids and strikes...yet you're all up in arms over an ammo glitch. 

Hypocrites.
I have a 2.0.

I use off brand cups all the time. Extremely easy to get around.
Likely deleted be sure no picture resolution is on it.
So it's a roll.
And your manager is the reason why customers like this exist.

She got exactly what she wanted.
I'll love it if they don't turn it into dog shit like MWR. 
Microsoft doesn't seem to care about these kinda of cheaters and its sad.

DDoS is why I don't play anything competitive anymore. Cheaters killed it for me. 
Also wish we could disable it.

It's annoying. 
I did it two times there if ya didn't notice
But it's supposed to be round. 
You literally answered your own question in the title...

Region differences.
Lol.

I changed mine years ago after having it for a year.

FallenBoy897 was stupid as hell lol.
Why...just why?

That sucks ass.
I hope your girlfriend asked permission to post her customers kid on the internet.
It's always nice to see homeless actually trying to better themselves.
>Now that I come to think of it, the Xbox 360 sure had a lot of revisions and hardware configurations 

RRoD is probably why haha. Granted I never actually had that happen to me, but I know it was common enough for a free warranty extension.

Agree.

One of my favorite RE titles.
Kinda been a thing for years.
The elite model came with a 120GB HDD.
False.

The 360 first came with a 20GB HDD when it released. You had to get the $400 premium system.
I see why they have a controller layout called claw.
Or Breaking Bad. 
How did I miss that?

I hope they become friends. :)
The Note series is the Call of Duty of cell phones.

New ones every year.
Not weekly for me, but I'll binge the series once every few months.
Just watched this episode on Monday during my rewatch.
I was hoping he'd feed the kitty and try to make a new pet friend. 
I'm glad I wasn't the only one to notice this. 

Bothered me a lot.
Cool?

This has been possible for a while now.
Well they need to do something to those responsible. They're old enough to know better and were seen laughing as they tossed the fireworks.

Total disregard.
People got free sauce to sell it? 

Greedy pricks.
What's so funny about it?
No. It doesn't have cross platform.
I have it. 

Have a hard time finding a game though. I want to coop with someone thru the story but I never can find a game.
Speak for yourself sir.

I'm fine with it. It affects nothing. 
They're not even that expensive. I just looked and the prices seem decent on ebay.
You matched a dollar store price?

That's just silly.
Must be getting hit hard because I sent it and have yet to receive a reply. I usually get one back almost instantly.

EDIT: It finally responded. A whopping $1 off two discs...which is what I got every day last time this promo was going..
I feel I was lucky. 

I got her and the cosmic wings the same week after I got back into it last season.
The fingerprint sensor on this phone is one thing I hate about this phone. 

Terrible design on that part.
Does he need a glass of water after all that salt?
Literally just got this on PSN last week.
That's just plain greed at that point..
Yeah, you contact the manager and discuss options for the bad experience. 

Not a reason to chargeback.
Yeah, I got screwed by an assistant manager.

She literally let me do something that she knew I would get in trouble for, but I has no clue as I did my job as normal in this case.

I like my gas station job better than that shithole lol.
I'm wondering how one rips glass.
Mmmm I love me some gravy.

Thank you kind soul.
Sauce?
Haha yeah. I remember my first store was like this and this happened a lot. 

It was retired people sometimes and they'd get so mad and remain mad despite their bad.

I don't miss working there to be honest. 
Yeah, have fun if you don't get it automatically. 

I did an Audible trial that was to get me a gift card for, I believe, $25 at the time. Read the terms and I was qualified to earn it.

Despite me showing where it says in eligible, I got the big middle finger and no promo card like I was promised.

Honesty was surprised as it's the only time I've had a bad experience with their customer service.
One thing I hated about working returns at the orange hardware store was people who didn't read the policy. It's on the receipt. Not my fault you're too incompetent to read it.
Honestly this game is worth full price so if you haven't picked this up then you need to.
Now I can get all the white girls.
The part that ruins it is the fact he's in practice mode.

Do this without needing the undo option.
It went to shit when they overpriced the map packs and added microtransactions in my opinion.
/r/progresspics
Literally got both of those Warlock items from engrams yesterday..
Anyone who actually gets mad enough to throw their controller at the wall should stop playing video games and seem some anger management.
I've seen plenty of companies do this. 

They have money but decide to solicit their audience for more to do it.

I'm glad people are finally noticing this crap. Kickstarter is, in my opinion, meant for people who actually need funds to do something. 
It should be on there now like it is for everyone else.

It's crap they give it to everyone *but* the country their based in...
So it was the parents fault...and they still got paid.

Pathetic. Parents use their dead kids as an excuse to get money for their lack of parenting.
I might have to fire up Black Ops 1 tonight.
You authorize it when you add it to PayPal.

They automatically withdraw to cover a negative balance.
Jeez again with price raises?

I think I'll go back to Gamefly if games go up anymore.
Dude was just mad he couldn't get in touch with his inner white girl.
I remember I was at a Game Crazy with my buddy to get his copy.
Yeah, that's still stupid.

Simple solution? Go to bed *sooner* and you'll get more sleep, thus not needing to snooze.
They just need your PayPal email to send you money...what he's doing is unnecessary.
Yeah it's in the Pyramidion.
I'm down for this. 

I only played the one with the giant hobgoblin for the first time recently after running several strikes.
This is why you never go full retard.
It's tagged as broken...yet not removed.

Good job mods!
Man people must just act like /r/progresspics doesn't exist.
Why are you such a prick?
Yep.

I do that when I game. Keeps the grease off.
I said to myself "this post makes no sense..." and then opened the comments and saw yours.
Bugs are not food porn...
I'll never get people.

Netflix is 8 bucks a month to stream...why are people so cheap?
Didn't win.

I never win anything.
Ok.
PayPal addresses you by first and last name in emails.
Holding does not work either. 

It's still enabled for voice, but I can hold and it does nothing.
Would be nice. I got into Fable 2 again recently so I wouldn't mind playing the first one again as well.
No press and hold here.

Just tried it on my S8.
Not really wtf, just funny as fuck.
Decided to see if I could make the jump back in the day.

Was surprised. 
I'd do it anyway.

That's bullshit. 
Anyone considered senior citizen needs a retest...

They can't park. They drive like 10 under the speed limit.

A lot of them, in my city anyways, don't know what a god damn turn signal is to change lanes or turn...
Oh shit!

I just got some dabs from the dispensary.
Was cool when people first started doing it.

Now people are doing it since everyone else is. These are just shitposts.
Or his window doesn't roll down.
Also, can we talk about a game consoles screenshot feature?
Map Hacks alone have always been bannable...since D2 days. 
Same here in WA.
So the 100k per plate is just wasted now. Cool.

I have a few plates I use so I've spent a bit on them. Kinda ass I can't use them now.
Fuck that level.
You add it to your PayPal by using the account number and routing number for your bank account.
There's an extra 50% on trade ins?

When did this start? Because I have games I'll gladly trade in for this deal.
>I know I could do 2 minutes with all the unlockables now.  

TIL people can beat RE7 is less than 5 minutes.


In your opinion.
Yeah, I caved.

Bought a PS4 for Crash.
Not found at all on the site..
Nope 
Consider that lucky.

I get cut off all the time and then I'm the asshole when I honk. 
Sad it takes that much or just buying the boxes. 

It disgusts me gaming has come to microtransactions.
/r/destinythegame is leaking.
Love the service but yeah they like removing things.

Hidden menus is the main one they disable.
Ah.

A feature Verizon must feel customers don't want.
Eh, not really.
Kinda crap it's new users.

What about those of us who have never purchased before? We're not allowed a trial?
I could watch this show with your captions.
Tomorrow*

Today is the 5th, not 6th.
I really hope this happens.
Is**
There's a remaster coming?
But good karma if you do!
>yet. 

That's never going to be officially sorted. Only mods will help you at this point.

Kitkat.

There's no real reason. We just named him that when he adopted us like a year ago.
Being a couple years old I'm sure the battery has worn down.
Been a thing since the game came out lol
Someone might buy, but not at face value.
The best part is people like you care so much a out something so small.
Actually had to explain to my manager what a dingleberry was the other day.

Was a fun conversation. 
I guess it's good it's a *beta*...
Actually doesn't state it's a 20oz so technically it's not wrong. 
Wake up. Go to the toilet and drop the kids off. Wake n bake. 
The Kershaw knife I had.

Scored it from my old job. Was a great knife.

Dropped it walking home one day..
Several.

The radio stations here seem to repeat the same playlist every couple of hours.
A coworker of mine who lives above me had her package stolen from in front of her apartment on 62nd Avenue.

Seems to be an issue arrising.
No one went boom.
Turn that retard in. That's unsafe and illegal.
One of my favorite episodes.

I have the full series on my Plex so I watch it from time to time. 
Don't need your SSN to send you to collections.

Also, don't plan on receiving any payments then. They'll automatically just go towards the negative balance.
The shit I just took.
The strike we got was awesome when I was able to find a competent team.
Gotta love when Reddit upvotes a dead link.
Best Buy had it on sale for a while.

I got my Verizon S8 from them and they basically made a $300 down payment for it, making my monthly only 17.50.
The price part in the article also cited a sale price to compare the active price against.
I guess it's good it's not listed as a Resident Evil lot..
Amazing picture but that's definitely not a beach.
Damn was hoping I could avoid that. I hate calling them.
How did you find that out? I'd love to hop on this if my area has it.
I just hope it's not first person.

That's what turned me off from 7. Great game, I just don't like first person Resident Evil.
I'm glad they're getting pulled but we'd love a list...
Still waiting on my beta key from Xfinity..
Actually I did recently.

I got one from my roommate and played the crap out of it, including Res Rev as it's a favorite. 

No issues myself, but I can see a slight mistake if you're not paying attention haha.
Over a show that isn't even that great.
Amazing fact: Can avoid all of this if you don't get yourself ticketed enough to the point they boot you.

Pay your tickets or don't get yourself tickets...its not that hard.

Should be a fine for taking it off since its rightfully placed.
Just know what controller you're using...

It's not even hard to realize. I'm an Xbox gamer mainly but I got a PS4 and have zero issue with this.
>We eventually returned it anyways, just to get him out of there. 

And this is exactly why people continue to act entitled...in the end you still gave him what he wanted, even after catching him in a lie...


Sometimes the customer is just an asshole.
Lol it's a sad day when you cheat at a sports video game.
Totally forgot this comes out soon.

Just preordered it.
Better restrict it to certain games.

It'll kill FPS games.
Go on...
Vaping.

You look like a massive tool spewing out a thick cloud of fruity smoke for everyone to smell.
TIL dual cameras is a news worthy feature despite being around for quite a while.

I had dual cameras on my Droid RAZR..
They can, and will do so, which you did indeed grant permission to do so when you added your bank information. 
I'm waiting for this one because I just know it'll happen at some point in my time at the gas station.
Read the article.

She didn't pay her bill. She thought writing a letter would protect her and it didn't.

Clickbait title much?
The one that pisses me off is parents that send their kids in to pay for their gas.

It's ok but if something happens to their kid you know they'd blame us.

Don't have kids if you're too lazy to walk in and pay for your own gas. Even had a car with two adults in the front seats and in walks 5 year old to pay for their gas.
Yeah I mean those of us in the US wouldn't want that deal.
Don't give us a list of apps or anything...smh.
How about we introduce the rest of gen 1 and gen 2 before adding more.

This is getting ridiculous. 
You're surprised?

Past promotions like this have been abused.
Nowhere does it mention special editions.
She's as retarded as her husband.
This is an amazing picture.

Found myself a new phone wallpaper my friend.
It's nice to see kind people on the interwebs. 

Makes me happy not everyone is an angry internet tough guy.
This was a great watch.

It's amazing how he took that experience and used it to make his character better with it.

I enjoyed this video and definitely recommend it to BB fans.
I actually like the controller. 
>side sleeping, on your tummy, or on your back. 

But what if you rotate through all 3? 



You spelled soda wrong.
Give it to the homeless. 

Nutella isn't that great so no need for so much.
One of my favorite shortcuts. 
Xbox One and PlayStation 4 both have screenshot capability.
Yes, but not everyone wants to pay $50 for a DS game these days.
If it's branded with Visa, Mastercard, AMEX or Discover, it can be used like a credit card online.

I have a bank card from both banks I go to and can use them online.
What happened that prevented you from taking a screenshot?
Tagged as news? Samsung didn't release these so it's just a rumor...
Someone really posted frosted flakes with cheese...wtf.
Lol.

Warranty for what? Screens don't just crack themselves...
PayPal response time on Twitter is always slow.

Call them...
Yeah, you're burnt once a reset occurs.

Best bet, if you want to re-earn achievements, is to start a new account.

Otherwise you're limited to earning only new achievements that you haven't already unlocked.
$29.99.
Someone's mad about their karma being taken.

Boohoo. Welcome to reddit, land of reposts.
Dammit. Really want that Fallout 4 season pass.

Payday isn't til after its over. Bites. 
A hickey on your neck.
How is this NSFW?
I would just load up my save and drive around. 

Good times and good music. 
No kidding?

This excites me.
Nope. 

Maybe it was the playlist? I was in the one that's random weapons, can't recall the name.
I'm confused.

I played Halo 5 a bit when the Xbox Game Pass first came out. I played matchmaking and I remember using the Halo 2 BR in games.
Wonder if the season pass will see a price drop.
Yay spoilers!

The best part is this sub cares enough to tag spoilers for other stuff...but not everything.
You could make an attempt to return it yourself.. 
Yep. Also did this a couple days ago.

I love my new S8 so far.
Such a fun game.

If you really want to enjoy it, get it on PC.

The soundtrack makes this game and the remastered garbage they replace the original with is horrible.
Not the only thing that's gonna thicken if ya know what I mean.
Balding. 

And no one in my family is known to go bald, so I won that prize.
Probably not. Seems like they only want to add things that they can monetize.
Ah. The "I need *anything* to complain about" customer.

Fuck that customer. 
Just got mine.  

It's ok. I was excited for the SD card slot, but within an hour of taking it out of the box, the previous track/volume down button broke as well as the pause/play button.

Crazy. I get its free, but wow...fortunately I can still use bluetooth and just set the volume on my phone.

Sounds decent so that's a plus. 
Got mine.

Can't deny that chip face an upvote.
Damn people are ballsy these days. Definitely haven't heard of that one, that's for sure.
Same error I got.

Oh well. Only a buck so it's not a big deal. 
Great app indeed.

I'd be using them if they haven't backed out of my promised lifetime subscription. 
I literally *just* got Homefront for $2 from Redbox.

Might pick up the DLC. 
Does it show a Microsoft logo when you view it in the settings on the dashboard? 

I've heard this is one way to tell.
Going online doesn't ensure it's a genuine HDD just so ya know. 
Props to you for posting that you used it.
Not sure what's worse...

The idiot in the back of that truck or the dumbfuck driving a big rig and using his phone while doing so...  

Edit: Oh, it's a prop...so I'll go with the latter now. 
Hope she sued and won because what she does with her own time and off their campus is not their business.

They had no grounds to fire. Even worse she was cuffed for doing something *legal*...
Game of Thrones.

Just not into it. Everyone gives me shit because I don't watch it and don't circle jerk with them about it at work.
Fair point. The RNG part in games like CoD is bullshit. Especially when they hide all the new guns in them.

Otherwise I'll agree they aren't really a bad thing as long as it's buy and get what you pay for, not a chance. 
Weird. 

Worked in a natural good store that sold those brands.

Several times we had that milk come in all warm and gross from being warm for a while.
Let's get then on all systems then. 
Lol. You're angry for *your* screw up.

Typical consumer.
Did you try calling PayPal?
>And one confirmed kill during a game of darts.   

Ha. Made me laugh pretty good.


That looked intentional.

Maybe it's just me.
Do people actually leave a single band aid on for days?

Like change that shit...
One RedBox in my city had it.

I've been wanting a new game to play so this was a good chance for that.
They probably don't want to help you because you're being a raging prick to them.

Be patient and work with them.

Grow up bro.
Needs Black Ops 2 in the mix...especially over the joke that it Ghosts.
It's Portland. 

Doesn't surprise me.
Pretty sure Cinetopia doesn't do Fandango.
Gigabit also comes with a cap last I checked. 
Fable 2 is one of my favorite games and I never knew this..
Campaign was fun, but I'm talking about the online portion. It's what got me hooked to online gaming and it provided many hours of fun with some great friends.
Halo 2...

Miss those days. MCC isn't the same.
Yep, 10 raids and zero catches. I get it's supposed to be hard but come on.

Literally had a group of 14 people defeat it...and none of us could catch one because it always instantly broke out of the ball...every time, even with a golden razz...

I've pretty much given up hope on even getting a legendary at this point. 
I might have to do this again myself...for the 7th or 8th time.
Just get Zdaemon or another Doom client for that fun stuff in the classics. 
Damn near perfect loop, but you can see the restart.
How is that gonna work when it got nuked?
Man I have to walk with 2 five gallon buckets all over the property to water the landscape at my gas station. 
CenturyLink does this.

After repeatedly and politely declining, the dude kept trying. So I slammed the door in his face at that point.

We have no soliciting signs, but no one gives a fuck about them. 

Pretty sure it's still considered solicitation though.  
Crossing my fingers.

I literally planned on buying a PS4 for this game but if it releases on the One then I'm set.

Please happen.
You took his license home?
>It would be possible to install malicious code that could make everyone "vote" for a specific candidate

So its a voting machine made by the Newport family in Pawnee?


Except she probably realizes those suck ass and the charger she's using charges faster. 
Can't. Doesn't look like the rod is there.
Share it with /r/progresspics/

These karma fishing posts are getting old.
Get a job.
But...you can *clearly* tell it's empty.

Typical reddit I guess. Unfunny posts upvoted..
$2.15 an hour?

Federal minimum is like $7.25...

The fuck?
Not a driver tho..
Was just selecting stuff and trying to transfer stuff quickly.

Fortunately I caught it fairly quick since it has a custom name
$40 Is still overpriced.
Yeah noticed this last night. Almost transferred my 96% Charizard.
What's so special about them?

They literally taste like BBQ chips to me.
A lot of people treat Reddit like Facebook..
$45?

Man that's ridiculous. Paid $20 extra to get it with IW and I bet they don't even include the overpriced map pack...

Greedy Activision at it again. 
I still maintain that it's a pretty retarded trend.

Nothing like vapor all up in them lungs eh?
Weird considering it's the users fault an image burns in at all..
I did this with my ferret hehe.

I'm glad I don't have to anymore though..:(
It's good but it feels depressing in a way with the colors. 
Yeah, I never vouch unless I've worked with that person. 

I straight up told my roommate when I has him apply where we used to work that I won't vouch since I've never worked with him.

He gets a vouch now.l though if needed. He's a hard worker.
I can't play that much and each chance I got to try and get a legendary, it didn't happen...

Now I find out if I don't get it, I'm out of luck? That's kinda shitty on Niantic. Hope I can catch one even though I can't play nearly as much as many.
Well that bites.

Already own Trials Fusion.
Yeah, they aren't gonna do that.

Ask for ID. Me? I'd go a step further and make the person wait while I called and verified with Comcast.

I use almost my cap every month. Never had this occur.
That's correct though. 

You're to be charged $10 each month for their modem.

I went out and got my own setup. It pays for itself in a few months.
He's committed man. I can sit down and enjoy some Diablo for a couple hours but I can't grind like that.
It wouldn't surprise me if Activision did do it.
Why go through the hassle when headsets (even the one included with the S7) are one plug now?
You know who can help with this?

PayPal.

Call PayPal.
Weapons shouldn't even *be* in supply drops. That's the problem right there.

Should be with DLC like Black Ops 2 did..
3 days in and already GR101?

Do they just play 24/7? 

Edit: Am genuinely curious, not trying to troll.
First photo definitely isn't stock Nougat then. I just looked at mine and it had the same look, but is listed like it shows in the MM picture.
So you figured you'd post again to gain some karma.

Gotcha.
Today shall be entertaining as I constantly see idiots on their phones while they're driving.

It can wait, assholes.
Does for me as well.

Go back and try again. Always works the second time for me.
Will you be lazy and use your child to enable that? If yes, no child.
You'd think they'd have a search feature to help search for what you want and not have to browse tons of pages and results you don't wanna see.

Oh wait, they do... 
Yep.

Did the same thing on my first time.
They really tell you how to drink stuff you paid too much for?
I got banned off one in my city because an admin started being a douche and I blocked him.

He removed me from the group over being blocked. I'm 27 and he was easily twice my age...and he decided to be a petty child.
It shouldn't do that. It should just say that's the cost per additional night. 

I say rent it for a day and see what happens. They're pretty good about fixing errors.
Came to say this. The quest states the item is to be level 70 and level reduction makes it require a lower level.

Makes sense to me. Not sure why it's confusing to some.
Is there another way from Vancouver to Portland besides I5 and I205? Because Portland can suck a big fat dick with this toll bullshit.
Well shit. I've had it for my Xbox One and it's been sitting.

Might have to fire it up for some DLC.
No, I use my game codes. I don't rent movies. 

I had to go to a kiosk to use my code.
Sweet.

Got an invalid code from this promo. The agent via chat then provides me *another* invalid code...
Apple's computers. 
You're high if you think this is gonna happen. 

Why aren't you sharing?
That's not the same actor.
Don't run out of blinker fluid. 
Not true unless it's the food court.

At the register, they require your membership card before starting the transaction.  
Ya fuckin' want one?!
You have to change the default one yourself when you add another bank account. 

Sucks but it technically is your own fault for not looking into it and making sure it was set to use the new one.
Likely charged your card or bank.

Check your transaction history. Usually they attempt to draw funds to cover a negative balance 30 days from when it became negative. 
Uh...PayPal is very commonly used to pay for ebay purchases. 

Good you avoided that but it's still used often on there.
A life.
Speed cap. You clearly hit it.
Finally what?

You're missing 7 trophies..
Jesus the entitlement is strong in this one. 

They corrected their error and refunded you. They owe you nothing. 
Confused. Never saw this post before now  yet it showed that I upvoted it... 
Gif form was perfect for this.  

Just take my upvotes.
Screw any customer who can't take a joke.

Sarcasm literally helps me thru the day to day. If they don't like it then they shouldn't be around people.
Yep.

Fuck every one of them that sucks the customers dick when they don't deserve it.
See stuff like that is ridiculous. How did that even get approved? 
Well that makes total sense. That's cool of them. 

Eventually I plan on going to school again so I'll get it again. 
I miss that pricing.

Only lasts 4 years then you no longer get the student pricing.
Yep.

Learned this the hard way with a 2 month trial. 
Glad Samsung isn't this stupid. 
Can you say "fuck you" on your account profile? No, it'll get you suspended. Same concept here if you think about it.

It's silly but that's the terms we all agree to. 

Terms need an update for sure. You shouldn't have been suspended for this.   
If your account is negative then they will attempt to take it from your bank automatically.

When I had a negative balance, they told me that 30 days from the day it happened that they'd take it from my bank account attached. 

Otherwise it'll go to collections and fuck your credit score.
The impatience is strong in this sub.
Damn and people say my $9-$11 packs of cigs are expensive as fuck.

Damn near double from what the article says the current pricing is. 
Storage area looks different and lacks that upper right hand corner menu on my Verizon S7.

I'm sure I can do it other ways, and I likely will, but it's non existent on my phone. 
Damn.

I have this issue on my Verizon S7. Your steps can't be done on it. Fucking Verizon removed it.
At least peeing in public doesn't come with the possibility of being tagged a sex offender there like it does in the US.
The cheesy music really completes it.
How about dealing with AFK players in all game modes?

Sick of joining a game and one or more people aren't there. Issue temp bans for this crap and perma if it continues.
He waited 3 months to say it wasn't as described? 

I feel like they'd know he's a liar and close it on your favor.
Make sure you put your lug nuts on right.

I need new studs and lugs now because I am not a smart man.

Fortunately repairing it isn't expensive really.
Af 

Really though...type it out. It's six letters.
Oh no, I changed it via the Verizon app on my phone. I'm smarter than those phishing attacks.
I didn't even piece together why I randomly got a text about my PIN changing the other day.

I just went and changed it. Nothing odd on my account fortunately. 

On another note, I can't believe I'm learning this from Reddit and not Verizon. Glad they don't care to inform their customers.
Best bet is to check in game when it starts.
That's faker than the fake $100 someone tried to pass at my work.
"A stapler will work fine"

I laughed pretty good at this one haha.
Sweet what a cool giveaway. :)
Yeah my girlfriend was telling me that bit about it being a full nelson. 

She started going at people first as well which wasn't in the video. The video doesn't show the entire incident.  

That's a sad truth but I can totally believe that's how people would be had it been a dude. 
Shoplifter got busted and decided to resist LP when they caught her.

People are defending her actions. She's a thief. Had she not resisted them when approached, it wouldn't have escalated the way it did. But they shouldn't have put her in a chokehold either in response.

Both parties were in the wrong in this situation in my opinion.
I bet calling PayPal would help...
What's stopping you from going inside?

Getting mad at people for using something as intended is pretty silly.
Weird.

You'd think the entire point of a *drive thru* was to drive thru it and order food. There is no limit to make impatient people like you happy.

This is a stupid complaint. Nothing stops *you* from walking in and ordering either.  
Cuz McDonalds breakfast is crap.

Way better options out there. 