They are nice and dprotective unfortunately the buttons we're very stiff and annoying to press. Maybe mine needed to be broken in more but I couldn't stand to use it long enough the texture felt great though 
All iPhones require a Sim just to set up doesn't even have to be an active Sim 
i like the playlists it creates and that i get it bundled with youtube red. 
If they didn’t have an lcd display they can. That’s all for the display
How long will you keep your phone? 

1 year? Don’t bother 
2+ if you can afford it I would do it. 

I am nowhere near filling my 256gb X but I’d rather have the extra room and peace of mind if I’m spending this much on a phone I damn well don’t want to worry about how many apps or pictures I can have. 
Inside was amazing

I enjoy fortnite on my lunch break
I love altos odyssey for the simplicity 
PAKO 2
Bridge constructor portal 
Yea depending on your cell provider Verizon is $10 a month and it gets it own number but they do something on their end so it actually shares your phone number. You can get phone calls, texts, 
If you have an iPhone a series 3 with cellular.

Or if you have an android buy a galaxy gear s3 with cellular.


Basically any watch with its own cellular connection. 
No that’s what I’m saying even with max potential on I thought there was some throttling that would occur at low battery but like I said I’m not certain 
wasn't that the caveat apple had discussed? Performance was going to be restored with the new battery but when it dipped real low they would still throttle so it wouldn't shut off. I could have sworn that was in one of the statements, but i could be wrong. 
No not yet unfortunately 
Ok I have a glock 22 which is the full size equivalent to the 17 but with the .40 cartridge. I love it and think it is a great platform. I prefer the full size frame and slide because it’s not a carry gun and I’m a big guy. 

The glock 17/19 are the most popular so parts are plentiful for them and thankfully the slide and frame on the 22 is the same as a 17. The only difference is magazines and barrel. So parts are easy to come by. The 10mm and .45 acp glocks shard frame and slide but it is a different size than the 17/22. 

I would say get the 22 since you already own a 9mm and 45 so why not have another cartridge type in the rotation. 
What do you already own? Is this your first gun? What’s your use? 
Right but right now the direct competition is Fortnite mobile which is free to play but you pay for the battle pass and unlockables, if they charged they’d immediately be behind. 

Personally I would be ok paying $10 for each of these  they are amazing games 
It’s actually good plays well, not immersive like the PC version but it’s a great way to kill some Time. The graphics are good and it even has the vehicles and everything. To me the Fortnite game feels a little more complete but they are both free so who cares 
Just extend your auto lock time to 1 or 2 minutes 
Congrats! It is a great device! 
If you can get the note 8 at least $200 off retail it is totally worth it 
Most likely your iPhone had the high efficiency mode enabled. This happened for me when I tried to download picture my wife took on iPhone X they show in google photos but wouldn’t display when downloaded. 
When your watching a video and you hit the home button it minimizes to small box on your screen you can move around so takes up less space than mutliwindow but good if you want to still see what your watching 
Every color is a different sku so now the already 10 sku is now 24 sku’s that means 24 different device configurations, that many different they would have to build and maintain stock of. It’s just too much for no reward.

The only way this is going to happen is bringing back moto maker and applying it to pixels where they build the phone for you. Loved my customized moto x and would love to see this but it won’t happen. 

Hell Apple tried to have a couple of colors with the 7 clearly it was a bad idea, they had 36 different configurations of the 7/7+ that’s ridiculous and leads to stores being selective on what they stock. Now this year not only did they go to 3 colors for the 8 but only 2 on the X they also have only 2 storage sizes. 
I’m sure you could but the trade in is through Verizon, least that’s how I had to do mine when I got my note 8 
Loved the game just definitely too short! I mean the game felt fitting I just did not want to stop playing! And some of the puzzles like the chicken one drove me insane to get my timing down 
Contact Samsung support and check your spam folder hopefully wasn’t a glitch 
There is no evidence of this yet and no evidence that AirPower is anything other than a qi charger as the iPhone X/8 don’t possess other wireless charging hardware. AirPower is still special because there really aren’t many mats that charge more than one device wirelessly. 
I can't speak for the OP but for me I want to get a 19x for the extra habdspace, I have large hands and I like the idea of a shorter slide for appendix carry but being able to retain full grip is wonderful, I don't like the magwell though. The fact it will not be compatible with all 17 mags bugs me. 
What is rumored is the case will be a separate option and mind you to utilize this you also have to buy apples airpower mat for $200 or have 2 different wireless charging pads one for phone one for air pods. 

I say go now apple won't discount they will just add to the price 
That is the digitizer so it only goes where touch input can be applied. Has to have the cutout to fit around the sensor array. 
Thank you! Now I have to contend with the low possibility of finding them in my size lol
What are those sneakers, not usually a fan of Nikes but I want those! 
If your not doing anything inappropriate why would the recording matter? 
He did unplug a few but they didn't boot back up....
Yes I have red through my Google play music 
The only thing I want in Oreo is picture in picture for YouTube and I like the media colored notifications. 
Yeah you should have 14 days they should be able to price match 
No it's not holding back power but the multi core is not stacking all 8 single cores. So it's not supposed to be 16000.

Also this is a a score a rating not the clock speed. So it is giving you a number on how this package the processor with software etc all run together versus another device. So you can't say if I have a 2000 single core I should have a 4000 dual core. 

Also the processor are designed for different tasks many of them will have 4 high performance cores for gaming or cpu intensive tasks, and 4 low power cores for remedial tasks that require little cpu performance. Those cores run basic applications like messaging and alarm clocks so your not firing up the big cores to set a 5 minute timer. They are more power efficient to help battery life. Realistically on our mobile devices we're usually focusing one task at a time, even with multi window or pip your not likely editing 4k footage and watching YouTube or processing multipage Excel workbooks. Your like watching YouTube and texting etc. 


But don't pay too much mind to benchmarks. They ramp up the CPU it is focus driven on 1 task. It is much more important how the phones software and hardware handle day to day over a number. 
Every computer has it. It is the main system baseline folder it is the furthest in like a tree with roots. 

A rooted device allows you to change things at the root level which is the system level. 
I agree I remember what they want it to look like but Google needs to lead the way set a bar for developers to aspire to. 
Because it's lazy, I hated this on iOS as well. I'm fine with uniform shape but fill the space with the icon don't just slap the icon on a white background. And personally I love the unique icons on Android music players like headphones, games like a character. It felt thought out and looked good. To me this is just lazy for the sake of uniformity. I'd rather see like the samsung icons and use some color with a minimal shape inside. At least there's some design there. Plus the uniqueness makes icons easy to find looking at a white grid gets annoying. 

Long live Nova! 
That is the root folder.

Listen I mean this with no disrespect do not touch or delete any files except in your dcim or downloads. If you don't know what your doing it can be bad 
Most likely they steal your account information go online place an I store pickup and use a fake I'd that matches the name. I have done a few in store pickup sand they just look at the Id quick to check name there is no verification process

Edit: i have only done legitimate in store pikcuos and never illegal. 
wow i am an idiot thank you i was searching under notifications. :facepalm: 

Thank you!
tried zedge and searching google. all i can find is a youtube clip of someone using a device to record a note 8 playing it so naturally it sounds like crap. I know theres always a few people that dig in an post like all of the native media to devices online somewhere i was hoping someone had one for the note. 
Currently $300 off through Best buy for Verizon 
Think of it as you would tie the string to your finger and when you later notice the string it would prompt you to think about why it was there thus reminding you about something you wanted to remember to do. 
The benefit to buying from Best Buy is its not a bill credit so if you want to buy it outright buy it on payment plan wait 15 days and you can pay off at discounted price. 
The same country allows honor killings of women.....but clearly not being allowed into McDonald’s is where we should be making a fuss....
If you can go on eBay and buy an nvidia shield not the tablet. It’s 4 years old at this point but it’s basically an Xbox controller with a flip up screen I loved mine 
yea im sorry but this really goes back to the old, if it is too good to be true it probably is. 
Sometimes you in a much smaller minority than you think or you were doing something to the phones? Maybe your the common factor to the phones breaking...
I can’t help but feel this was a more momentous thing last year.... 20 years ago sounds a lot better than 21 years 
Might wanna explain to her the difference between consoles....
Clash Royale 
If you like inside which I loved play limbo. 
No your right I’m not saying square mode is essential it is ridiculous I don’t think over ever used it I would love a manual pro mode. Especially with how much they tout the iPhone for photography. 
But that’s not customizing that’s essential settings. Which should all be in the camera app. And don’t get me wrong I agree with you I hate the square mode, it would be nice to see camera settings in the camera app. 
ITunes
The s8 or s8+ 

Do you jump into your pants everyday? I mean how do you decide what leg first? 
Try just pricing it online but don’t actually checkout...... are you completely clueless or just bored? 
8+8/8(8+)*X=Illuminati 


Pick a phone! We can’t help you! Do you want a bigger screen? Yes or no? Geese I thought posts like this were done 
Most people don’t care.... because there’s no reason to do it. 


Just like there’s no reason to eat tide pods but for some reason people are....
So your new to apple huh?

They don’t give us options. You get what you get and you don’t get upset. Lol not trying to be a dick but openness and options aren’t really their thing. Download a 3rd party camera for manual 
Well that’s a personal thing the 6s+ will last 2 more years that will put it at 4 years old and typically you get 5 years support for updates, the phone can still work after that even. Hell my wife’s uncles just upgraded from a 4s to a 7. 

I can afford the X it is my one big purchase a year and I’m paying it monthly. Others cannot and there is nothing wrong with that. That is the beauty of iOS actually you with your 6s+ can experience iOS generally the same way I will and the same apps. 
Start by plugging it into computer and see if it reacts to the computer to try and backup. Computer backups are free. 

Second would be try replacing the screen, battery etc. could just be something went bad l.


Future lesson backup your device. Computer backups free, google photos free unlimited. Never trust that texts will always be there anything can wipe those out even with a backup nobody should ever just save texts. Copy and paste into a note or screenshot them. 
Well yeah no one is going to be a smart ass when your seat number is attached hahaha
The iPhone 6s has a bigger battery and an se is running 6s internals basically. So bigger battery longer use time 
If your saying you need a headphone jack then yes you need a Samsung. Or lg v30. But apple does not force the airpods on you and you can buy and Sue any other Bluetooth headphones you would like. Not sure where your problem lies. 
Wow that is fascinating I figured the connector would be the same and it would merely be just smaller in size. 
I'm going to ask the stupid question here but you did tap at the bottom of the screen for where it says why am I receiving this message right? 
Personally in your case get the pixel. A lot of the iOS allure comes from being enveloped in the apple ecosystem. When using as a standalone product you begin to see some of the limitations of iOS where Android is built as a standalone and can tie into any ecosystem. 
The number one thing I'd recommend is going into settings apps app manager and disbaling carrier apps you do not use, and preinstalled games from your carrier and if on veerizon an app called mobile services manager or dtignite it's all bloatware. 


I also prefer Nova launcher for making the phone the way I want it and you can backup your layout for any phone you switch to in the future 
Who is she??
Couldn’t you still just use your phone since you just swap batteries? Sorry I know it’s not the solution your looking for
Not sure if it’s technically a battle wagon still but sure is a nice ride! Looks good
Hmm I always used at least 4 never realized. But you need some security as backup other wise why even have security I. The first place.


You could use smart lock for Wifi/location so in certain places your phone is automatically unlocked. 
Unfortunately there is no way for this right now. Just set an easy pattern connecting 2 dots or so. 
No this is not possible in the event you cut your finger or something and fingerprint does not work you need a way in. 
1. Just place your finger on the scanner it unlocks and opens phone. No prompt required.

2 if you was to see lock screen hit power button then fingerprint. It will unlock. 
Just select pattern as opposed to pin for security. 
Do you mean a swipe pattern? Or no backup? 

Because you just select the pattern instead of pin 
Yea I agree I was just kidding there’s no reason the timer couldn’t be under the date. 
Its likely still the same day as when you started the timer. 
Would be a really cool feature for the Apple store app to allow you to download them as a wallpaper when in the store. 
Not really sure why but unfortunately this has been the case since I can remember or only since iMessage not 100% sure but certainly annoying in some cases 
Nah if you really want to message with people get the iPhone 2g or 3g try and use that and make sure you take some selfies since those didn't even have the front camera.

I do miss my iPhone 3g it was a good device and my first iPhone I've had every generation since. Never owned the original iphone. 
Ok that's fine I was concerned you were buying it to use as a daily device. 
Why did you do this can I ask? 
Yea that's the funny thing clash Royale is optimized as well as boom Beach but not COC
As stated hit the audio button, when connected to Bluetooth it does not label as speaker phone but as Bluetooth.
Yes it was a choice apple made to save money by using Intel modems where they typically do not need to pay Qualcomm the high licensing fee. Yes the snapdragon equipped Android devices come with Qualcomm modems but hell even some unlocked us phones dont work on Verizon like the onplus 5t with snapdragon 835 but doesn't have the correct bands for Verizon. And again it is a shame they changed this but there really is no obligation. To inform you of this especially when purchasing in another country, but again unlocked does not guarantee support on all carriers. 

Granted there is nothing you can do about it now but I would always advise to research purchases like this when knowing your traveling to another country. The company sold you a device that would work on any carrier in your courtry. But they cannot anticipate your use. Why is it you need to use Verizon? You can try to take advantage of a trade in promo or sell on swappa.
I understand your frustrations, but the phone is unlocked, unlocked does not mean it works on all carriers just that it is not locked to one. And are you sure the Android phones would work? Most European countries operate primarily as GSM network but Verizon is CDMA and Qualcomm owns the sole rights to CDMA modems. So they unlocked us iPhone has the Qualcomm modem to work on all 4 carriers. But a European unlocked is not built for CDMA use since it's primarily only used in the US.
Damnit they are watching me! 
A flip phone is not going to operate the same as an Android phone. And if it is an Android powered flip what is it and what version of Android is it running
Yea especially with my in-laws who I had to teach how to use an iPhone being able to send pics and videos of my daughter is great. Right now I've resorted to switching everyone to Google photos and it makes it easy for videos and to save them space on their devices. Screw apple for ever selling 16gb devices with no expansion 
Right but my point is the big allure is the fact your automatically using it. Try getting all your non tech savvy family to download and use certain apps to talk to you and each other and another app for other firends. With Imessage you use it to text with sms non ios users and the same app to message ios users. It's simplicity and how integrated is the allure for most. Other apps have better functionality no question. 

Edit: I don't use WhatsApp but I use allo with my wife since she's on iOS and I'm on Android. I wish I could use allo for sms then I would be really happy. 
With Imessage there is no barrier of entry it is automatically setup with your phone, but it allows sending of videos and pictures in high quality over data, your messages are not constricted to a certain number of characters so long messages don't get broken up like regular sms, and if your group message alot it is great. I prefer it for the mms capabilities no grainy videos and hq pictures 
Have you tried turning off data saver? That may be triggering this 

Yeah it is certainly not on my note 8 or on the sign but the pixel 2 xl Verizon variant has it 
I like the few little things like picture in picture, and the color matched or accented notifications with media players, and the sign in to app feature But we're not missing much.


I would just like to see a manufacturer institue a cloud backup like the pixel has so of we replace our phone we can just restore. My layout is backed up in Nova but it's just all the settings. 
He didn't download it it's on my Verizon note 8 as well it is what takes you through the initial setup process.

I'm assuming you hit force stop already and have restarted the device? 
My guess it would be like Google and fi and just license from TMobile Sprint 
Yea it’s a usb-c to usb-a so it can transfer data from any phone your coming from and during the setup just select to restore from connected device. 
Ok whoever you get the pixel from do not activate it with the Verizon SIM card in. That is where the boot is downloaded. Even if you buy a Verizon model take the SIM card out before you activate the device. 
Ok so project fi is really just licensed as an mvno through T-Mobile and sprint networks so just like that google has license deals with public hotspots like you find in the mall or optimum but instead of you having to log into them individually they log you in. I haven’t used fi in 2 years but when I did it worked great in New York. If you really want to test open your Wifi and see if your phone notices multiple hotspots around then you’ll know if you even have a chance. Google does not however specify who they license the hotspots from like optimum etc. 
Unless you spent a ton of money on apple apps you’ll be fine. And if you have a lot of iTunes movies download movies anywhere and log in with your iTunes and google accounts and that way you can access your movies on any platform 

Pixel 2 comes its a usb-c to 3.5mm adapter dongle 

Also includes a adapter you plug the lightning cable into your phone the other end into the pixel and it does the rest. I suggest google keep for notes access it anywhere and works great. 

Your family should t have any issues with the love but if they do were always here. 
Let me smash it with a hammer that way it will be private from even someone looking directly at it. You can never be too safe! 
Maybe through Siri on the Mac? 
I had to do the factory reset the only reason I cared was I got a $250 gift card for Samsung pay for buying my note 8 so it was only way to use it 
Mine was very finicky with my Samsung wireless chargers they are the series 1 but work with most other cases even defender 
I have used a lot of cases and the only thing I have seen to interfere are cases with a metal back like the uag monarch 
Lame thank you 

I cannot get into set it up,

I hit the splash screen then go to the authenticate screen and it just says unknown error. 
The reason it can be beneficial is for all your friends and family who don’t use a ton of apps or aren’t food with their phone they don’t need to do anything they are just enrolled. 

The so called “magic” of any of the Apple services only comes into play when your immersed, if most of your circle uses iPhones you can’t get better than iMessage. If only 2 other friends do you’ll never reap any benefit. Same goes with the Apple transfer stuff if you only try 1 device alone you will not see the total value. 
I’m with you on my X it’s not there and it’s not in my wife’s 7 plus 
I installed 11.2 but I have no option to even enable it 
Technically you can use it until it dies just careful with updating your apps if they drop old support. I would say safest bet don’t update anything and use her til she dies. 
It really doesn’t matter that the back is glass the design flaw is in forcing the user to replace the entire device for broken glass. The iPhone 4 was glass backed but you could change the back in 2 minutes. 
Yea I was hoping for white but realistically it’s going to be in a case for me so I’m not too worried 
Hey I picked up same deal I have to go pick mine up from the store today or tomorrow 
Pick a brand everyone has deals
This is why iMessage has such a big advantage. It sends great quality and it doesn’t require an extra app. It forces any iPhone user into it during set up so non tech people never have to think about it. There are lots of work around a but they require the other person to use a certain app or open a link. 

This is a feature I am surprised is not more widely demanded. It should be fixed when carriers adopt RCS protocols but most people don’t know about it so nobody is demanding it 
No I just tried to explain that to you...... their is some sort of corruption in your iCloud backup or whatever backup method you used. Because anything that was on the device is erased when you restore. So if it were an old device the proof would be wiped anyway unless someone is messing with you or using your iTunes account. 
It is strange but the error is a corruption in the iCloud data not on the device. To get to the point of being able to restore all previous data gets wiped. If you have the original device used for backup then create a new back up. And restore from that. However if you do not then try an earlier backup hopefully there is one from a few days prior. 
Just call apple they will mail you a replacement.

In the interim what you can do is a DFU restore as likely could be a bad batch of code. 

Follow the link[here](https://ios.gadgethacks.com/how-to/put-iphone-x-iphone-8-iphone-8-plus-into-dfu-mode-itunes-0180057/)  for instructions on DFU mode and plug into your computer and do a restore. Might help. 
What are you going to be programming? Are you using 3D rendering engines or is it all just in swift and just text coding? 
So after the restore you have access to the gmail? Is this a person you know? 


And the stupid question here do the emails look familiar as in could the username displayed just be a bug? 


If it were a used device which is what I am sure your worried about you would have been blocked by activation lock or this other email would have been removed when you restored. 
Your not dumb at all. No you cannot essentially it means when your device attempts to install and activate version 10.3.3 apple signs off on it as approving this install and supporting the OS. Essentially it is them approving it to be installed and activated. The action occurs on apples servers there is no way around it. 

The reason they do this is to enforce the current update and prevent fragmentation. It is a security measure primarily by them. 
If there is a stable jailbreak for 10.2 you can try that but you can’t jailbreak upgrade. At least that’s what I remember from when I used to jailbreak 
I mean if you can afford it you can’t go wrong and trade in your 6 to offset the cost. Also get apple care or insurance because repair costs on the x are high. 
your quite welcome. I hope your able to decide and enjoy your new device what device are you coming from? 
if your the type that will hold onto the device for 4 years which if you bought your 5s  that is likely, get the 8. It will be worth the extended life. If your going to upgrade in the next year or 2 save them money and get the 7. 
You cannot apple stopped signing ios 10.3.3 about 2 weeks after ios 11 came out. Sorry 
Unless you feel the need to have the absolute newest technology, go with the 8 or 8 plus. I have an iphone X, i love it and do not want to go back! but it also does not do anything my wife's 7 plus can't (except face id). 

Yes it is faster, yes the camera is better, i love face id, i love the form factor. But the X is very much a first gen product and as such there are going to be growing pains, like unoptimized apps, and an OS still catering to legacy and new devices. The X form factor will be much better next year. You will not be missing out on anything by going with an 8 if you do not feel the need for the X, Same processor so performance is the same. 

Yes the screen is gorgeous but i had no complaints with the 7 plus display, sure the colors are more punchy now but that does come with the trade off of the notch. love it or hate it, personally i love it.

Right now your saying why is this person who loves their X telling me to get the 8. Because right now the 8/plus is a more complete package, no gestures to learn, no awkard apps, etc. I love the X and the direction iOS is going so i am happy to be an early adopter knowing what i am going into. But for me the 8 wasn't a question because  i knew i couldnt be happy with anything but the X. You cannot go wrong either way, and you couldnt go wrong even if you wanted to save a little and get the 7.  
How does it not make sense? Your not actually apologizing your saying sorry I'm not actually sorry 
On a serious note how do you find the essential camera compared to the X? I was considering picking one up with the price drop recently. 
Then call apple and they should send you a replacement and you send back your unit 
See I checked late and after 9 they stopped saying pickup unavailable check other stores and switch to pickup unavailable. But this morning it went back to checking all stores in the area. But I wasn't using istocknow I was on the apple website. 
Did you order through apple? Or i should say is the device officialy available in Norway? I know apple does rollouts throughout the world sometimes. So in which case call apple even if you did not purchase through them. They should send you a new device and you mail your old one back. 
You shouldn't  have to wait.  take to an apple store or call and they will replace they usually have reserve stock for defects. 
Ok wow this display looks so much better turned onto saturated mode. If your unsure about the device find one with the update and try it I think you will feel different. Still unsure if I'm keeping it though there is still a great deal of black crush but it doesn't detract from the quality 
It's funny you ask because I am testing this beside an iPhone X and I've been using iPhones as well for years. To me the colors are good and the display when viewing media is great. But when looking at the homes teen it's just a little bleh. 
Just received the update this morning. It’s installing now 
Partially, but the screen is not terrible, it’s just for this price I love stock android but once you’ve used a galaxy quality display it’s hard to go away from that. So I am hoping this will help with the colors. Otherwise I love the device. And even if it doesn’t help I’m not sure I’m going to return it but I’d like to know my options 
Yea I tried with and without the sim, and even changed the date by a month to see if that would help
From what I understand there is no October patch it’s the November update with the display fix as well. I too am frustrated as I am stuck on September as well. I was hoping to get the patch before I had to decide if I was going to return the device 
Confirmed.
I’m sosorry, what accident were you in as a baby where you lost your arms? 
Yes I totally forgot about that god I loved that phone!!! My boy issue was the speaker was soooo quiet I missed notifications all the time 
I’d have to agree with a lot of what is said here but I think your best experience will be on a Samsung device there are a lot of features and novelties. That add to the experience. Although I love me pixel 2 xl
This is my biggest frustration and the only place I miss Touch ID!!! Why couldn’t they just put a button in the pop up I can tap and say to aubthenticicate then trigger Face ID. Same this with Apple Pay I miss just holding my finger on the home button. This is a major fail in my opinion. 
your unit may be defective, my speaker is super crisp definitely best sounding calls i have ever made. 
other than a case i really dont consider anything a must have unless you have never owned an iphone before. everything else is purely subjective.

I love my apple tv 4k and it works great wiht my iphone.
i love my apple watch series 0 and it is a great companion.
i love my wireless chargers..

I dont need any of these though. and at the end of the day the X is an iPhone so any cables you already have will still work. 
What’s the app? 
Idk about in Canada but if you get it from a provider do the initial set up with no SIM card the pop your sim in after. That is where the bloat gets installed 
I’m still waiting for the update :( with my vzw model 
Or if your in the states Best Buy sells the 2 at a good price 
hmmm i am thankful i have yet to see any major bugs like this. 
AirPods are great if they fit your ears......
My wife got me a pair for my birthday but they kept feeling like they were falling out. They sounded good though. My favorite pair of headphones are my AKG over ear headphones I️ got for free for buying the s8 
He really loves you! I️ don’t know if I’d let my wife have my STI for a day, 
It really is uncanny how good of a color match that is 
I’m not certain on this but is it also because google does not own the hardware android is running on? And since they are licensing the OS they have different regulations? Since Apple is creating the OS and device it can preinstall whatever software it wants. Again I’m not certain on any of this it is just my theory as to the discrepancy here 
I can’t believe you painted your car interior to match the bottle. 
Not on the X :( lol
Hmm I have not noticed that I will try that thank you 
that is correct my glass is slick and feels like every other iphone i have had and every other smart phone. any stickiness or tackiness is due to the screen protector residue. 
yea i agree i mean there are very few people left who still think a phone upgrade was a free phone from the carrier because it was subsidized. and also not a smart phone. 
interesting i have never seen that before for the iphone. I used to reset the cache through the app store but that is disabled in ios 11. 

There is currently no way to replicate that, that i know of. Sorry. 
my wifes iphone 7 plus is but i am not sure if she updated to 11.1 or not its usually my job to do that.
That is true i guess i never trusted the alarm clock on any of my devices to do the repeat function so i always preferred as i was going to bed just turning the alarm on. 
i have yet to find a case i like enough to leave on but it definitely needs a case for this price. 
i appreciate your optimism.
Gotcha....

yea i have about 4 alarms set just out of nervousness ill miss one. So when i wake up from the first i just swipe control center go to clock and turn the others off. I have gotten so used to that i never missed the notification from using android. I do miss the notification in the status bar through telling me my alarm is set. 

I think the only way to acheive what the OP is talking about would be with a 3rd party alarm clock app. 
is it worth the price for jsut the screen? No

Can you afford the X comfortably? Then get it.

Overall the X is not worth the price as any apple product is not actually worth the price. it is a great phone and if you can afford it you will not regret it. but i do not think it is that much better than the 7 plus unless this is your only way to consume media. 
actually from a marketing perspective its a perfect design. It's vague and gets you into the store, most people will realize its the gift card and come for that. Others will think its the phone and already be in the store, And on black friday time is key so they want you to rush to make a decision since you already spent your time coming in. From a consumer it is wrong and misleading but for the company it is their goal. 
actually sounds like he is a re seller and apple is limiting the number of purchases he can make to allow stock for legitimate buyers. 
did you just suggest apple let us customize? lol we still can't place icons where we want, and the apple watch only lets you use their faces. Unfortunately as much as i love the OS customization just isn't in our cards.
perhaps in a future update if we complain enough but not likely. 
you get a free gift card obviously they are not going to give away the device for free that would be the biggest apple discount in the history of the company lol
i dont listen to many so i just use the apple podcast app. 
to me the tissues have left more lint than they removed. I always use my tshirt or sweatshirt and does the trick no scratches on my screens. and if you want a great shine take your case off throw it in your jeans front pocket(that is clean with nothing else in it) and walk around my phone always comes out fingerprint free and looks great lol. 
I am not following....

if you wake up before your alarm go into the clock and shut the alarm....

if it goes off just force touch and hit stop. 
No i dont need emojis!

shift the keyboard down and give me a dedicated number row!

I know i can install a 3rd party keyboard but thats just for messaging i want it for passwords and system level keyboard entry.  or inside other apps all times it defaults to the apple keyboard. 
You need to call apple and ask them what the issue is.

But im willing to bet there is more to the story here. 
I am not following what you are trying to do....

1. Why do you want to reset the RAM? 
2. the process you are describing sounds like putting the device into DFU mode. 
3. DFU mode does not reset the RAM it forces you to do a restore with a fresh version of the operating system.

Follow the link below for DFU mode. 
https://ios.gadgethacks.com/how-to/put-iphone-x-iphone-8-iphone-8-plus-into-dfu-mode-itunes-0180057/
No apple forces you to swipe up 
Yea that is what they should have done 
Some were, like I said if you have a screen cleaner try that should remove that residue 
Yea the Apollo app has a great volume indicator but the instagram app even though it’s “optimized” has the volume bar go through the notch lol 
They weren’t on the x, but yes after wiping it down and with use the oils from your body rub off on the display and it gets better 
Yea the problem is Apple has only 1 device for the new design and every legacy iPhone navigates the old way. To my it would have been smarter to add gestures to all devices and have the home button as well. The only thing good about iOS 11 is what they did for iPads 
Right but all of my texts are one bubble like my wife sent me 3 texts before, when I wake the screen it’s just one bubble that says notification, but when I use Face ID it splits into 3 bubbles. It’s still not doing what android does just funny they have the capacity for it 
It’s not in your head that’s how all of my devices felt after screen protectors, my x is slick no screen protector.
If it is a nano sim yes, if you want a fresh sim I advise going to your local Apple store you can get one for free. And just call and have it activated 
The ironic thing with the x if you have the attention aware on it groups notifications until you look at it then they split up. 
The quiet charger lives between the Apple logo and the iPhone branding but a magnetic plate tops or bottom may cause the phone to sit too I level and would fall off the dash if you hit a bump 
Unfortunately the next year is going to be growing pains for us x owners just like the first year the 6 and 6+ came out. We will feel lackluster with each unoptimized app we use, next year this device and its successor will shine with more optimization’s. It’s also a struggle for Apple to keep the young somewhat consistent with existing iOS devices and moving to a new direction it will take a few years for a real departure we will likely see a little more every year. I am not making excuses for Apple just what I am observing. They have to release new hardware to develop the software to fit it. In 2-3 years time the foundation the X will lay should be pretty exciting it just sucks we’re still a bit out 
Maybe a week maybe next year,
Most likely it removed some or all of the oleophobic coating which prevents fingerprints, this coating wears off anyway over time wipe the phone down with a microfiber should help, worst case use a screen cleaning solution and should help restore some slickness 
No one can say for sure but considering they dropped support for the 5 this year you’ll have 2 years at least. I would say go for the 6s at least there is a noticeable speed jump. If you like your form factor get the SE and it has the 6s guts in a 5s chassis 
How many attempts did this take? Cool pic though
If you want a good one go check Andru Edwards on YouTube the video is bit long but he witnessed a great story and there footage 
Yea I’m not worried about it exploding I just know it’s not the best for the cells to be fast charged over and over again. It will diminish the overall battery life over time. 
No problem  worked great for me the guy at the Apple store was actually surprised I got one. But like I said it got me my jet black 7 plus last year same way. It takes diligence and a willingness to drive a little bit further sometimes but it works 
Yes I did the same thing with the 7 plus hopefully you live near a few stores but if not that’s fine. Wake up early check stock first thing check throughout the day as shipments come in and people cancel orders and check late at night for stock for next day. It may take a week but if your diligent place the order in the app and you can just make a reservation and go pick up. Good luck 
Yea as stated you just have to wait for google to update 
In gsm iPhone Apple uses intel modems which do not have the radios for LTE on CDMA 
I’ve been using wireless charging with android devices for years. I only use it at night on my night stand and at work on my desk. So when I need to check a notification I can pick it up check and put it back and not have to worry about the cable. It’s slow charging. 


Haven’t tried fast charging yet it always worried me for the lifespan of the battery
Your still going to have to cancel the preorder. Your best bet is cancel the preorder and check the Apple store app daily to reserve a device at the store so you don’t have to chance it. That’s what I did got mine this morning 
I only use wireless charging on any device at night and at work, at night it goes onto the charger so if I need to check something I pick it up and check it then drop it back on the charger. 

And at work I have one on my desk and it just chills there to slowly top off. But it is not ideal if you want to use and charge simultaneous. 
Very cool I have been an Android and iOS fan for years and switch constantly always love seeing other people who can appreciate both 
Technically the x is a 5.8” vs the plus 5.5”
I too love android just curious what spurred the shift? 
If you can afford it then enjoy 
The biggest problem is the screen quality in relation to the price. Had the xl been say $700 maxed out people wouldn’t be so hard but for $950 you have to compare it to the note 8 and the screen looks terrible side by side. Your right though it’s not that bad but the premium price demands the comparison and for $1000 the screen is inexcusable 
I assume you don’t recall the actress or anyone in it? 
Even on my iPhone 8 True Tone is always just yellow to me so I turn it off I prefer a nice cool display over a warm one 
If you mean your on the iPhone upgrade program? Then yes it has to be through Apple directly 
Because people are impatient and don’t want to wait to get one 
I agree with your design have a toggle for the percentage or battery icon but they won’t do it because they don’t want you to be granular with how it drains 
I tired my local Verizon and Best Buy neither had 256gb the apple store was too far 

Will be checking the app for in store pickup 
I’m going to Best Buy shortly hoping I can get one 
Wow welcome to the party mr. buzz killington......


Look at the price of the 6/6s currently for an idea 
I must have missed the /s tag because that picture is very old 
Yea not a Stromboli but looks good
Att is only better because it is over 30 months not 24. 

Unlike other phones the iPhone X is one set price regardless of carrier. It’s the good and bad about apple. Good you pick your carrier you need and get same phone, bad no sales incentives 
Obviously the one with the shortest line, but realistically the Apple store, if anyone has a chance at having extra stock it’s Apple 
I love and swear by speck I have been using them since my iPhone 3g with their candy shell series excellent drop protection and great value. 
I think the problem your experiencing is a bug not a feature removal. I would suggest putting your phone into DFU mode and restoring the software it fixed a lot of my problems with iOS 11 for me 

Also your post didn’t come across asking for help it was a rant post, you have to expect some hostility unfortunately that’s the way it goes in this sub sometimes 
Apple doesn’t like the term option, more like “ pre-selected choices” they give you a choice not all choices but ones they determined you will like best 
Yea I mean those are the same people who get mad at Apple for activation lock because they forget their password. But most average people won’t buy an X this year and The technology will only get better
If you live near me in New Jersey your out of luck, just give up and go buy an 8 plus /s 

There one less person to compete with lol 
Don’t text your social security number or store valuable information in unsecured notes that’s just seems common sense,


If you know you store a lot of sensitive data on your device don’t leave it in the table, I’m sorry but Apple has made these devices very secure and with activation lock it deters a lot of theft but we have to do our part. 

There’s a town near where I work that is affluent and in the last month there have been 7 stolen high end luxury cars, why? Bad security? Bad neighborhood?  No because people take for granted and leave their keys in the vehicle unlocked. If your phones on the table make sure it’s blocked by something or your hands near it or your observing your surroundings. Situational awareness can save your life and your belongings. 
I mean the only thing they can really get is your notes and your pictures, because all of your banking apps will require a passcode to change most setting will require your passcode and to make purchases require a passcode, throw on activation lock and there is really not much your goon going to get to for most people. 


I agree but it is an option if you oppose paying g for storage 
you dont have to use icloud for backup, you can always backup directly to your computer.

could apple increase the standard size? yes they certainly  could and probably will be soon. But their model is still fairly competitive. 
i wouldn't be surprised if people aren't already lined up. i would say your best bet and what worked for me last year with the 7+ is checking the local apple store stock numerous times a day and reserving the phone through the apple store app. 
I don’t think I have a favorite except I love each new device but I do remember owning my 3GS and seeing the pics of the iPhone 4 left in the bar saying “wtf is wrong with them that cannot be the actual design it’s so square” lol I fell in love with my iPhone 4 but just that radical departure from the swooping back plastic 
is the 8 plus a better phone? yes battery/speed/camera are all better performers. 

for 400 difference? No its not that much better IMO and i have an 8 plus. 
I am pretty sure motion controlled failed because they all realized a big factor, kids don't have money for video games adults do, So the games I play I want to sit my butt on my couch after working all day I don't want to stand around waving my arms like an air traffic controller!
you can enroll in the upgrade program ahead of time, unless that works different in the UK

and preorder on the 27th
O it is a great phone spec wise and what it is capable of no question. The problem is the screen and i couldn't care less about blue shift.

But the burn in/image retention and the graininess of the display are inexcusable on a device costing $950 USD (i know it starts cheaper) and i think that is really what is causing this phone to come under attack, not that it sucks because it doesn't but for the price we excpect better. thats all. 
As of now there is no mention or leak of the X coming in gold 
It's not just the amount of traffic but it's all the traffic accessing at one time and all attempting the same function. Like Amazon has a lot of traffic but in different areas, when preorders open it's unleashing the flood gates. 
I've sold a few phones to GameStop the process is generally simple and straight forward but not always quick 
Personally I love the Huawei Mate 9 it's an excellent device 
These were the laser tag guns I met my best friends with when I was 5 running around the neighborhood 

Unfortunately one of them is no longer get with us R.i.p Bill gone but never forgotten. 
The game is what got me watching actually I started playing and as like ok I need to check out this show 
Keep exploring you’ll find the answer I was stuck there too I don’t want to spoil it. Likely a room you went in you turned back too quickly 
Fast..... 
Most likely someone unaware assuming the “last” in the title signifies last in the series 
I want an option to play the imperial march as it cleans 
There is certainly some information missing I’m not saying the Apple store is perfect but I would like to see the service report and pics of device. 
IDK my s0 battery life greatly improved with watch is 4.0 still slow but I go off the charger at 5:00am when I go to work and the watch still has battery when by then end of my day at 10:00 pm I charge it every night 
They are both resting at an angle if viewed from above would be sort of v shape so they are tilted towards each other, so they would both reflect on each other but of course it is embellished to emphasize the glass back 
What does it launch? Google assistant? 

If you can afford it a suburban would be the roomiest or you can go for a Subaru outback 
Again though you have a 2 hr return window
I personally loved my galaxy s captivate on AT&T that the s6 and now s8 have been my favorite s series 
Gotcha since all you mentioned was streaming Netflix etc. I figured this was all you were doing 
Honestly I think you’d be better off selling the iPhone and buying a chrome cast for $30 it’s cheaper and far more effective. 
Or in the the states the mytouch 3g
The biggest flaw to the plan even if the software holds up which it could especially if you install custom roms is the battery will be shit long before then. Lithium battery degrade over time it’s just the state of battery tech so at about 2 years the battery health is less than what it is new. And these phones are not easy to just swap the battery 
I don’t know seems excessive to have so many duplicate complications /s
I mean there are valid reasons for both depending who you are and your use case. There is no one perfect phone 
Apple store anywhere near you? Otherwise just order online 
Enjoy your new device the speed for you will be very noticeable as well as the speakers 
Anyone who has a 7 don’t bother upgrading its not worth it. Think of this as an “s” series upgrade ie 6 owners skip 6s and 6s owners skip 7 


They add new features every year but it’s really only worthwhile to upgrade every other year as it’s. Gradual steps every year. And we may see all models with and iPhone x style design next year 
Yes the iPhone 5 was just dropped this year only because it was 32 bit so I’d say you will like get iOS 12 seeing they may drop the 5s next year but no one can say for sure 
My wife use the speck presidio clear on her iPhone 7 and it still looks great 
That sweet rig belongs to subygl on instagram 
Listen the s9 won't be out in January because the new snapdragon will not be ready by then. The s8 launched in April and they had the first run of the SD835 the G6 launched and march and had to launch with the 821 so if they were to launch in January they'd have to go for the 836 which wouldn't make sense to bother. Plus for the US market launching immediately after a major consumer holiday seems stupid. 
The only thing that I do not understand or is missing is they would not have performed the port until you agreed to service unless something else had transpired or you said you agreed and then saw final number. Because the worst case with this scenario is you lose your number. 


On a side note to the OP of you like jumping carriers to avoid this I'd suggest setting up google voice account so your number stays with you and works through any carrier number. 
Immigration is fine.... illegal immigration is not that is what a lot of people seem to forget is that nifty little "illegal" part.....
Marry her!!!!
Actually now I notice the iTunes movies are out about 2-4 weeks prior to DVD. But I agree the rental price should be part of purchase price. 
Enjoy your island sir because you are alone and possibly have brain damage. That or never read the manga or watched the anime. Nothing will ever compare to the manga for me 
Ok I agree with a lot of what you said and I do not mind when they want to create something new in a familiar universe but then use new characters don't belittle characters we grew so attached to. Had they not gone for the whole Kira aspect and changed lights name and skipped L I would have enjoyed the movie because I would not have expected certain things. 
That was the worst thing I have ever watched. Does it deserve to share the moniker. And they made light such a pussy that was just a waste of my time. 
Honestly I think that is where Samsung is heading and probably would have even happened this year if it weren't for the note 7 debacle last year they couldn't risk losing the bigger screen customers 
Your missing # 4 price every consumer has a range they are willing to spend 
Most likely it's between the s-pen and ensuring what happened last year won't happen again
No it's not.
0/0=0
You can just call to have them update their system but it will work soon as you pop your Sim in. I will make a recommendation to get a new sim though because at least with Verizon unless it is an iPhone provisioned sim even though everything else will work fine the built in vvm will not work. You can do this through att or for free at an Apple store. 
And the Google play editions wouldnt have been such a flop 

If the chrome nav bar at the top is black that should mean it is in private browsing or incognito mode whatever it is called. If I am not mistaken. 
Just download music locally so it doesn’t use data 
If I’m not mistaken wasn’t it collecting data for a while? 
I agree while it is a rip-off it’s the same as blaming casinos for gamblers pissing away money, they aren’t forcing you. While I don’t gamble and don’t buy these type of IAP the free market allows it and if there weren’t people paying they wouldn’t do it. 

Although in this case it’s probably mostly kids with their parents credit cards. 
Now I’m not sure if you want it to find cheap groceries or to make a list.

If it’s a list your after try avocado it’s actually a couples app to allow you to share things but one of those things is lists my wife and I use it to make sure whoever does the shopping has the list and you can add to it anytime. Has some other neat features like calendars but that’s our favorite. 
Ok how big is the file. Instead of downloading iTunes post the file to the web or email it to yourself then use the phone to create a a hotspot and download the file it will use much less data. 

Unfortunately this is the major weakness of the iPhone and apple play in their garden you have a great time but you don’t have the liberties you should. Sorry mate no options any of us can off you other than what’s been mentioned the system is locked down tight. Unless you jailbreak that is . 
Some of it is probably the cache which can be cleared by going into the App Store pressing any of the tab icons at the bottom like featured 10 times quickly and you will see it refresh.

Also make sure your on the latest firmware as apple will download it for you ahead of time but until you install it the firmware just takes ups space on your device. 
The biggest issue with any new OS is going to be the same thing Microsoft faced. App support, and enticing developers to support your platform. Yea you could develop an os that could run existing apps but there would still require work developing for security and new APIs that without a big enough install base a lot of developers will not want to take on. 
You do have to understand how many posts like this are made everyday with people trying to break into iPhones, and yes some are legitimate although j never could understand how sometimes but unfortunately security means no bypass. 
Rob while I loved you in parks and rec, your character in Code Black is so good and feels so deep. Do you prefer the comedy side or more serious tone? You seem so natural in both. 
No it’s doze in android when the phone is sitting idle if certain apps are set to optimize they are essentially asleep because they are considered non essential. So when you move you phone it says o hey look at what’s waiting for you. You can adjust this by going into the battery settings and setting it to do not optimize for apps you don’t want out to sleep 
The problem in the us here at least is it really isn't being used so messaging services may treat it as a small thing. 
Historically it has been a $100 discount but you can already find that through most carriers with the 7 now. 
Ok there is nothing wrong with the article except it's about 10 years too late and does nothing to address how much further we have come in those 10 years, also Steve jobs was/is not a "God" in any way. 
So you found solutions, whether be magnets hour or other cases.....

Not only is this an odd request you have to realize there cannot be much of a market for this. So your going to have to pick a solution provided already...
The is does not take up that much space, you have something else on there post the whole storage breakdown. What version are you on?
I believe it is referring to RCS, which is for enhanced messaging similar to iMessage less like basic sms and mms. 
Wow I'm suprised, I have excellent battery life with my s8 I leave for work at 3am and always get through the day I get home at 7pm with about 30% talking texts emails light browsing and listening to podcasts over Bluetooth. 
Yea it is really something to just keep taking messages on the Mac after using your iPhone or using handoff while writing an email. 

And don't get me wrong I have had plenty of times where I get fed up with Android and 3 days into my iPhone I'm like nope I miss all of the easy web services. But if the iPhone let you set default apps things might be very different. 
I’ll tell you this as I tell everyone first off you can use an iPhone as a standalone device absolutely, but all of the “magic” Apple likes to refer to comes from being immersed in their ecosystem. 

If you own a Mac the iPhone already will have more value, own an Apple TV boom even more value, and an iPad? Yep more value. And that’s not including the Apple Watch. Another big one is how many of your close friends and family have iPhones? Because iMessage will get you hooked for sending media and even long messages it’s so easy. Now again you can use an iPhone without a mac, iPad, iMessage, Apple TV, watch etc. they are not required but it’s how well it all plays together and integrates is awesome. 

Now I own an iPhone and a galaxy s8 I love both platforms, I prefer android but so much of my home because of my wife is setup to be Apple friendly, between my Apple TV for our primary media box, we have a MacBook Pro (which is her computer) I use windows machines at work. And most of my family have iPhones, now I spend most of my time on the android platform I cant fully shake iOS. As many times as I get frustrated with it’s limitations or Apple tax etc. there’s a wonderful convenience with the iPhone that just works in my lifestyle. I have been using an iPhone in every generation since the 3g, android does so much more in some regards but I use my IPhone as a multi tool, I don’t need to customize my leather man I just need it to work, which is why I love the iPhone. 
This would make no sense, for Google yes they are in the business of information. Samsung is primarily a hardware company, they likely won't make money from bixby so it only makes sense as a feature not a service. 
Personally yes the phone is flawless to me any gripes people will have with it are usually features they prefer but not bugs or defects. You get an excellent camera, superb software and the top of the line support. But buy Apple Care+ especially if you plan to keep it for a while. 
Well part of your problem is your using an older device anyway not that there is anything wrong with 1+1 but it is about 4 years old now. 

1st yes iPhones are expensive but your using a OPO which is 4 years old now? If you buy the 7 or 7 plus it will still be a great phone in 4 years I know people still using iPhone 4s and 5. Apple provides software updates for a long time until the hardware physically can't manage. 

2nd part of the convenience or "magic" that is apple comes from their ecosystem, do you own a Mac iPad Apple TV etc you will find more value then just an iPhone by itself, even does most of your friends and family have iPhones you will find more value in the iPhone with iMessage. 

Most likely has to do with the lightning earpods allow the system to bypass them where as regular earpods that use the headphone jack just default all sound through it. I would say get her a pair of the lightning earpods should work 

For $100 the 6s is an amazing phone 
Yea it is definitely low for older devices too try GameStop they pay cash same day 
Yea I hope so I'm not sure if I'll pick one up or wait until next year 
i did not, but that is the only use case i would consider a 16gb phone. 
if this person is for real and not just trying to hack a stolen phone like so many others.....

why does everyone think they are so fucking important you need a cryptograph passcode? like wtf use a number you know so that if your phone gets stolen someone who doesnt know you cant get it. birthday, anniversary, etc. like your not that important that people are targeting you for information. 
i would say no to 16gb unless you only stream music and dont use big apps. Photos are not an issue just use google photos to store all your pics off of the device. 
i just sold my 7 plus, i tried ebay with no bites, letgo had a lot of interested people but mostly wanted to ship overseas and had no protections, so i went for gazelle wasnt the most i could get but was painless and i knew was safe. 
im afraid this will be a bigger issue than some realize and not just for the obvious...

Like my grandparents have iphones and when they have an issue they push the home button it is easy to use and to teach because its always there and always visible. 

how are they going to handle this will be interesting, if they just block off a portion below the dock then dont even bother making the screen that big, will it be a swipe up like android when in full screen apps? which case will interfere with control center. will it always be on the screen? again dont bother with that type of screen then. or is all this leaks just us running with small rumors and apple is not even using a model like that?

In the end....i have no idea only apple does, but i fear this will be one of those time where a gorup is yelling bigger bigger and apple should just ignore them and keep going. i mean they could make the bezels small and shrink the size of the home button. i just worry them trying to capture back some of their lost marketshare will result in alienating more customers, and yes you dont have to buy the new device this year just like you didnt have to buy the 7 because of lack of headphone jack, eventually though you will need a new phone and its not likely they will reverse course if you wait a few years. 
The real reason they are failing is simply marketing and brand recognition. Everyone knows the name Galaxy and Samsung spend a lot of money on commercials and ensuring the telecoms put the s8 front and center. LG made a great phone and the processor really doesn't matter. They just are overshadowed. Which is a shame because it's such a great phone. 
O no question, I can't even count how many times I had to replace my blackberry storm. 
I never had any issues with mine. To me the note 5 was the best because it had the exynos processor not the shitty snapdragon. 
Really? I used mine until my note 5 never had any issues. 
The two things that annihilate your battery for social media is snapchat and Facebook. I don't use either but those two apps drain my wife's 7 plus very quick. 

I primarily am on here or Instagram and my battery lasts all day. I leave for work at 3am and using for email, text phone calls, etc. I get home about 3pm and have about 70% 
As long as it is iMessage no charge to you or him it will just use data.

We used iMessage to talk to my brother in law while he was deployed. Works great just make sure it's iMessage when you send. 
Ok I think I know what happened with the space Apple has a tendency to download a new os update ahead of time to save you time. So before you cleared space there wasn't enough room and then it downloaded and killed all of your free space. Can you update? Once you update it should free that space back up. 
the best way to do this is to make a seperate contact for them only using their icloud id and you initiate the contact thread. This should force it to be icloud only. Just make sure they do not delete the thread. 
Then no that is too much in my opinion. You will certainly regret that. I am not sure what country you are in but is there much of an secondhand phone market? 

I know I may get some hate here but are you sold on an iPhone? For that price there are a lot of great Android devices. 
so what kind of game do you want? Tower defense?

try defenders 2, or defenders
one of my favorites are the kingdom rush franchise.
neutral location, well lit and not at night.

but on a serious note, selling via letgo, swappa, craigslist, i.e. direct to purchaser will gain you the most money, but takes time you have to meet them etc.

selling to gamestop(yes gamestop pay fairly close to gazelle prices.), ecoatm, gazelle etc. will give you less because they have to make a profit but you get paid quicker, and safer no risks. 
how much are you paying for it? because depending the price is the only reason i would say ok get this as your entry into ios.

otherwise use a site like swappa or gazelle buy a used model with at least 32gb. 

you will most likely regret this decision unless it is very cheap. 
lets start with a few basic questions.
1. did the phone sustain any major damage recently?
2. did the phone sustain water damage?
3. what version are you running?
4. what is you total capacity and available space?
5.when was the last time your phone was backed up? 
First off not really sure of the point of this post not trying to be rude....

a work space tends to be more of a physical idea considering a virtual work space would depend on what you do. Graphic artist, accountant, journalist, video creator, all of which will use vastly different "Work spaces".

re sizable windows do not work on a phone because you still only have so much work space i mean yes i like the option but i have never used it for more then to watch a video while browsing. if i could have a floating hangouts bubble and video conference while in excel that might help for presentations. But at that rate i would probably just use a laptop. 

Widgets are nice but nothing i have ever missed when jumping back and forth between ios and android. And what ios calls widgets well just, no.....

Phones themselves are great work tools and while i feel the iPhone should add multi-window. When i'm doing work on my phone i try to focus one task at a time to get back to whatever i was doing that has me away from my desk anyway. 

And don't get me wrong i would love for my phone to be my primary computer. I love the idea of Samsung Dex, so i am eager to test that out. would be nice if apple tried something like this. 
The phone will perform great for you I have family still running iPhone 5's. And to me I'd spend the extra in storage because you may find yourself using the phone a lot more. But you can certainly use 32gb for 2/3 years , and just make some tweaks to make that experience more enjoyable. 
Sorry I should have clarified the reason I asked was if you didn't setup and was already setup out of box then wasn't new device. 
When you purchased it did you go through the setup? 

It's either minor data collected when phone was built or a bug. Because I would think when the wipe the phone after assembly it would take that out. 
The only thing you will keep would be photos.


You can get by with 32gb by using a setting to optimize storage or even use Google photos to offload most of your pictures. However my bigger question is how long do you plan to keep the phone? 

I ask this because for 1 year 32 will be fine but I am afraid if you go for 2 years and you start downloading more apps you may get frustrated with the size, it's perfectly usable but this is something to consider.
You use it on the left side to launch the recent apps 
This comment is highly unnecessary he admitted he was apprehensive but approached with an open mind. His post was nothing but positive. And how is Samsung proprietary? Apple uses its own lighting cable that you have to license from them. Samsung uses USB micro/type.c which is a universal standard. And his only purpose for mentioning his profession is he is someone used to technology so when he posts something he's unaware of how to do we don't give him the old "ok so I need you to unplug it and plug it back in again" or "have you performed the latest update?"

But as others have said it's comments like this that make people hate apple users. This blind defense when a person is trying to broaden their horizons. It's like criticizing an overweight person at the gym, they are trying to do something about it but making them feel unwelcome only pushes them away. 
No my response is correct. You have Siri support his vehicle does not. Older uconnect devices do not have Siri support and this cannot access the text messages to read them. In my 2013 ram it has uconnect as well but not Siri support so it cannot read my messages. 
The text message over Bluetooth is an encryption issue apple encrypts all messages and they cannot be accessed and thus cannot be read. 
I agree small pranks like that are one thing, I don't have derstand the mentality to purely torture a person though. And the management clearly has no issue with the treatment no garage is that big that you'd have no idea unless you didn't want to know. 
The original Nexus one 
As of right now I never use it. When cbs abc Netflix etc. all build in full integration and I can just go into the one app then I will use it but my only app in there right now is showtime 