Interesting. Good to know, this is sort of what I suspected since I’m already well compensated for the area. 
So they’re the same lights in the US and EU, just differently programmed? 

Does that mean we could perhaps program US cars to EU spec and get these in the states some time soon?
Netflix streams 4k at 15mbps and 1080p at 8mbps last time I checked. 
Not as much, that’s for damn sure. My insurance alone is $2300/yr. and I’m 23 with no chronic illnesses. That’s $200/mo. 3% of my gross income. If I have a some sort of mid-tier accident, I’ll hit my OOP max of $5000, and I’ll have spent $7300 on healthcare, or 9ish percent of my gross income. 

I’ll take 5% of my gross as additional taxes if it means I spend practically nothing if something goes wrong any day of the week. And from what I understand, total insurance costs might even drop for many people if we moved to a single payer system. 
Have you sat in a base 320i? It’s garbage lol. I would rather drive a fully loaded accord, and that’s from a life long BMW fanboy. You really need to spend between 50 and 65 before you’re in real luxury territory (Audi S4/S5, 335i with full leather packages, Genesis etc). Exception for the Benz C300, can be had around 45 reasonably equipped and rather luxurious. 
Well that wasn’t very smart...
either your ears or your car’s speakers aren’t that good if you notice no difference between aux/usb and Bluetooth. 
I also listen around 70% usually, and occasionally max out when working out or in loud environments like on a plane. 

I wouldn’t worry about it. 
All the damn time. 
Those LCI M4 tails are so, so much nicer than pre-LCI. Looks sharp!
Thanks for all the detail. I do my best to be the best engineer on the team, but I just worry because it’s easier for a manager to see who is working more than to see who is working more efficiently. For (a tiny) example, the person who sent an email last night caused an app crash that almost shipped to production two weeks ago, and last week broke the builds in the CI/CD pipeline before leaving for the day. Those are issues no one else is really aware of because I fixed them before they became problems. Am I supposed to speak up about these kinds of incidents to my manager or co-workers? I don’t want to come across as petty or throw anyone under the bus - I feel like doing that makes me look worse than having caught and fixed those issues anyways. 
>heat

Not from the south, I see
bay area is much bigger than SF, you know...
That sounds wildly low to me, I'm in Atlanta making that...
This is suddenly very relevant to me. A co-worker literally just sent an email (east coast here, it's approaching midnight) that indicated they had been working for a significant portion of the day today. 

As much as I would love to join you in your steadfastness against late and weekend work... How do I (as a recent entrant into the workforce) compete with people who are willing to somewhat regularly work past 6pm, work on a weekend, or otherwise dedicate time to work where I'm not willing to touch the slippery slope?
>You’ll limit yourself far more by casually using the phrase “cuck” than by any disability.

I'm not sure what should be expected from someone named CANTSTOPFAPPINGHELP. 

FWIW, there are two sides to this argument. If you are new to a team/company, I wouldn't recommend jumping straight into these sorts of discussions. Scoping out the landscape is a wise decision, and blindly deciding that the best move is utter honesty with a manager who you don't know reasonably well is a bad plan. 
I’m glad I’m not the only person who has this problem, OP. If you find anything you love please let me know, because I have been half heartedly looking for a nice mechanical keyboard for work for a while and it hasn’t gone so hot. :(
I do. My personal computer just has some little blue vinyl decals over the Apple to make it [look like a bmw logo](https://thingd-media-ec3.thefancy.com/default/802599385790681833_79084d426678.jpg). My work MBP has a handful of stickers from github and oculus and I will continue to add stickers to it as I attend more cool events. 

Work MBP, I do it because everyone around me also has one - I gotta be able to tell which one is mine. I won’t add to my personal laptop though. 
The animation is a big part of the issue I think. It doesn’t actually take as long as the animation takes. 
This is partially a reddit problem, because reddit plays most types of non-static media (gif, gifv etc) as a video, taking over the video that would be playing in the background. 
In my car, pulling the handle once unlocks the door. That’s not an electronic thing, it’s a mechanical thing. 

Are you sure that isn’t the case here?
Obviously, but thanks I guess?
Well for the plus iPhones, they just put most of the same innards and a bigger battery right? Since all the same size engineering goes into both products, the price doesn’t go down for the larger one. 
There’s still oral cancers ya know
Thanks, daddy 
Interesting. Thanks for the info, didn’t realize that CA disallows adverse inference in civil suits. 
There are multiple things going on. The case at hand, in which he plans to plead the fifth, is the civil case brought against Cohen by Stormy Daniels alleging that the hush agreement is not valid. 
In civil cases, judges and juries are permitted to make negative inferences about defendants who plead the fifth. I believe this is the case everywhere... it’s only criminal cases where pleading the fifth really works. 

Edit: I am wrong. CA is one of several states where this is disallowed. 
Basically, yes. Many American entities have Indian call centers, so to them it might not seem so unusual. The shitstains running the call center can easily explain it away saying something like “the US Government decided that it was too expensive to have Americans do this, so they have started this place”. 

The people they hire are often the equivalent of high school and college students who don’t have a ton of options for work that fits their schedule - so they haven’t had enough time in the world to realize how silly that sounds. 
Makes sense. I do love me some LSD. 

Is it true that PCP is extremely hard to find these days? I’ve heard that a few times, never bothered to verify though and now I’m curious. 
Which characterization is more accurate, OP’s impression or Wikipedia?
I was going to post the same thing!

They are typically advertised to the workers as being on the up and up. The workers actually don’t always figure out that they are scamming people until they have worked for a day or two. 
I feel like we would hear from the less bribe-able journalists that an attempt was made though. It’s long been known that MT has a very GM-friendly stance. 
Do the other companies offer any special perks or better benefits than your preferred choice? Better locations?

If not, I would personally tell white (well... gray I guess) lies if I really wanted a compensation bump. Just note that you’ve received very competitive offers from other companies. They are offering x and y in addition to a healthy salary, and you’d like to see what $PREFERRED_COMPANY can do improve the offer. 

It is best to have specific requests you’d like them to fulfill, like an extra 10% salary or a better stock package. 
Usually they take calculated risks with the expectation that their stance will make them more money than it will lose them. 
Yeah they are lol. They’re getting entry level positions at top companies, but it’s still entry level. You don’t start your career at management just cause you went to an Ivy. 
Nah dude you lose way more money on an AMG. They depreciate like a lead balloon. And modifying your car almost always decreases its value. 

I love cars but your making the wrong arguments here. 
https://redd.it/6kktz8

https://redd.it/37pyg0
I agree. Bi-weekly should be a minimum. Lots can happen and change in a month. I have 30 mins scheduled with my manager every week, but we usually actually make that time roughly every other week. 
*totally agree

I’m watching The Office for the first time now and suddenly I understand all these references! This episode was on last night 
Well, more people are going to college factually speaking. So if we look at that fact and consider the difference between that demographic in 1989 versus that demographic in 2016, you’ll find that the ones in 1989 had a dramatically lower total cost of attendance. 

Basically, more people who are going to college today have to take out larger loans. Which makes sense, because it’s more expensive today and even people who can’t really afford higher education believe that they need a degree to have a successful career  
And college is more expensive than for any other generation. 
I’m pretty sure he quit drinking years ago...
Well this time it probably started the other way around...
Because that is an excuse to not hire you over someone else, not a hard requirement for the role. 
Not necessarily, because people also work in different places.
Correct. Which, in theory, means our traffic should be better since there is more space for all these people. We shouldn’t go by metro population if we aren’t considering how spread out that metro area is. 
We should be measuring by population density.

Too lazy to do myself but I’m sure some enterprising young redditor will compile the numbers and let us know our population density ranking. 

Edit: got less lazy. Atlanta doesn’t even crack the top 20 as of [this list in mid 2017](https://www.worldatlas.com/articles/the-most-crowded-city-in-the-united-states.html). Will continue searching. 
It did say he volunteered...
iOS is also a specialization, but Obj-C and Swift are high up the food chain too. This excuse doesn’t make much sense...
But they can fire you for underperforming if they adjust their expectations to output that is only possible with 80 hour work weeks and you don’t improve your output. 
Seems strange, my copy of road and track features the ZR1 and arrived late last week. 
You’re trying to tell me the ZR1 is trying to be more 911 Turbo (comfortable grand tourer) than GT3 RS (precision track tool)? 

Lol dude no 
Actually, there isn’t much more downforce. My copy of road & track this month noted that the aero targets for this car were actually very similar to the Z06, and the giant wing and front aero were needed due to other changes that made the car less aerodynamic. 
The GT3 RS has the advantage of being very easy to drive, according to the reports. Porsche’s precision is a huge advantage when you’re squeezing the last few seconds out of a track time. 
Just because the X is better than the 6S doesn’t mean that the Galaxy S9 isn’t better than the X. 
Oh man, I can’t wait till Alex Jones gets a hold of this headline 

😫
Do alloy wheels rust? The car isn’t very old and hasn’t spent a ton of time in rust-prone conditions afaik. But this is plausible. 
9 inches wide lol. They’re 19x9, and not chrome plated. They’re painted alloys. 
Good call. That’s what I’ll do, hopefully there’s nothing actually wrong. 
To be fair Ferrari does have excellent resale in their class. It’s hard to imagine Lamborghinis with similar resale, and mclaren’s value-holding is literally laughable. 
Resale on Ferraris is strong because no one puts more than a few thousand miles on them. Resale compared to Porsche RS cars with similar mileage is probably a joke. 
Uh, you are talking about the refreshed model right? Cause i can keep up with the current GT...
I put the wheel&tire in a bin filled with water, the air is leaking from the seal. Saw the air bubbles myself. :)

And I would think if there was a crack the shop would’ve told me. But I guess they could be that dumb. 
I get it, but I think it’s very shitty of them to advertise the program as “get the new iPhone every year”, then screw up the release cycle so that if you get the new iPhone one year you won’t be able to get it again the next year. 
I’m currently watching the office partially because now I understand these references. 

I saw this episode last night! 
“American family values” is what you end up with after deterioration of human decency. 

* Women shouldn’t control their own bodies 
* Gays are an abomination 
* Alcohol does less evil than cannabis
* Condoms are sinful, abstinence is the only way
Unsigned int?
We’ll see one in 2020 after the 2019 Camaro is released. 

I hope. 
I definitely understand and appreciate why they didn’t have him get punched. In many regards I think it is a better movie because they didn’t do it. 

But oh man it would have been so satisfying
Funniest line in the movie, if it hadn’t been those nice recliner seats I might have fallen out of my chair laughing. 

Ethan’s comebacks were on point. 
Would’ve been a fun way for Shawn to come out I guess. 😂
>keeping a balance

No.

Pay your statement balance in full. Often it is better to overpay your statement balance, or pay most of the current balance on the day before your statement posts. That way, you’ll show 0-5% credit utilization, which is optimal. 

Never carry a balance month to month that you are charged interest on. 
Yes, it does. At least in Safari. 
You were correct. Class B shares are the strong voting shares for Facebook (and Alphabet, coincidentally). 
Based on a quick google, Class B shares have 10x the voting power of class A shares. Zuck and a small group of others own 70% of Class B shares, Zuck himself owning over 50%. 
This is why I’m the guy who passes people. 
She could work for the trump org? 
I really think that’s not true. Depending on your definition of selfish asshole, I suppose. In my experience, by and large, things like universal healthcare, social benefits supporting the needy, and increased taxes to support the aforementioned are massively more popular amongst young people than old people. 

In fairness, I’m a selfish asshole in many respects, but on a large scale for social well-being I am not. 
Fair enough. On hour 10 in the office yesterday wrapping up a story I called it quits lol. That was my longest day since I switched to being salaried.
>12 hours

You poor soul, get a new job!
Oh man, I was in this fancy restaurant in Vegas and at the table next to me they ordered wagyu beef. I checked the menu... it was $64 **per ounce**. Minimum 5oz per order. It is brought out as thin slices of steak, you probably get 3-4 slices per ounce. 

They bring a superheated stone to your table and a variety of sauces, and you can cook it to your preference with your preferred sauces. It was pretty dang cool and smelled fantastic but I damn sure couldn’t imagine spending $64/oz on any steak.
Preface: I’m cheating here, I didn’t spend the embarrassingly large amount of money, but my boyfriend bought them for us so it kind of counts, right? 

I like towels. To the point that when I travel and stay at hotels, I generally take my own towel because even relatively upscale hotel towels suck, comparatively. But, I still just had the nicest towels at Wal-Mart, so like $15.  

But for Christmas this year, I asked for these towels from Bed Bath & Beyond. For **$50 fucking dollars each.**

They were the largest ones of their kind - so they’re basically beach towel sized. Something like 40” x 65”. They are so unbelievably soft. 

Totally worth it. I love these towels. 

I suspect it would look the same as the men’s curve, possibly even including the uptick at the end of the curve. 

The incline in satisfaction would start at 5.5 inches, peak at 7 inches, and decline sharply starting at 8.5 inches (assuming that is point at which it starts to negatively affect sex - e.g. women saying “no way you’re sticking *that* thing in me!”)

Then ticking up again at 11-12 inches where people are like “oh my god really? No way”. 
Well if you gave me like six inches we would both be happier!

^(there’s just no good way to phrase this)
Well they can’t exactly reveal the source...
You and your girl are missing the fuck out if this isn’t just a joke. 
Nearly relevant username eh? 
Oh man, it’s such a treat. I’ve attended (but not driven at) other sorts of “drive your dream” type event with Ferraris and Porsches and Lamborghinis, but they’re always just 3-5 laps. 

I was so excited to find out the PEC is actually a full hour and a half experience on the track. 

I never did get the hang of drifting on the wet drift circle though :(
I’m 23, and I haven’t gotten it yet. Mostly because the dream keeps growing. Once upon a time it was just a car. Then it was an E46 M3.  Then it was an E92 M3 (hence my current vehicle). Then I had the pleasure of hitting the Porsche Experience Center in Atlanta, and now the dream is a 911 GTS or GT3. 

I don’t think the dream will keep growing, but I hope to be behind the wheel of my own shiny new 911 in 3-5 years once I’ve wrapped up my master’s and the boyfriend finishes his PhD. 

So, hypothetical future me would answer this question with “27”
Not really, no. That’s not what the OP asked.
Yes and no. Many will hire you without domain specific knowledge if you can prove you are reachable. Particularly fresh out of school, you’re not expected to be able to code an entire web service on your own. 

Don’t expect school to teach you how to be a software engineer if you’re there for computer science. You’ll generally learn the background information and theories and concepts that drive practical knowledge you can acquire throughout your career. 

There is /r/cscareerquestions if you’d like to browse some, but it skews heavily toward overachievers who are looking to work at Facebook/Google/Amazon/etc, rather than the average software engineer. So be warned, the advice there is not given with the average software engineer in mind. 
The downside is that many blue collar jobs aren’t easy on the body. Welders tend to go blind, for example. One of my professors had a nephew who was a lineman (as in electricity/power lines). Made great money, had nice cars and a nice house and all the toys. But as he approached 40 he started to realize he wouldn’t be able to do it forever and asked for help from the professor to figure out what to do to move on from manual labor.
Where were you on my cake day? 😓
😏
If y’all thought iPhones had stuttery acfolling I’d hate to have seen you try to use an android phone any older than like the Galaxy S8
Not everything about a friend that you can see. Just everything about that friend that is public. 

The info was still public, this just gave the bad actors an easy way to scrape the data via API calls. 
I don’t think they “did nothing wrong” so to speak, but they certainly aren’t as villainous as the reporting has made them out to be. I’ve seen everything from “Facebook is selling your personal information” to “Facebook willingly gave Cambridge Analytica your data to aid the Trump campaign”, and it’s so much more nuanced than that. Very little of the reporting I’ve seen on the issue is accurate. 
Almost certainly. That’s how ML works. Collect good data, use it to teach the machine by incentivizing the machine to work like the “average” of the data. 

I would be shocked if Tesla was not using active driver data to build the future of autopilot. 
I hate watching Tucker Carlson because he exclusively asks questions that are pointed and leading. Like when he had the parkland kid claimed CNN rewrote his question, Tucker asked the kid something alone the lines of “so, CNN told you that you couldn’t ask your question, then rewrote your question?”

Despite that not being accurate, predictably the kid said “well yeah that’s basically how it went”. Tucker’s MO is just ask a question with only one possible answer and look confused when you get that answer.
I just watched this entire video and was thoroughly entertained.... and I also now miss Jon Stewart a lot. 

Stewart-Colbert 2020? 
Pretty sure they should owe royalties to the show...
Such a nasty woman. 
As of 8:11pm we’re at 8. :)
Mad Men on steroids. 
Good luck. 
Note that “you” is not necessarily citizens. Oklahoma has a decent amount of business that can’t exactly go elsewhere, like oil. The shit they want is buried under Oklahoma. Giving those companies major tax breaks makes little sense - they don’t need the incentive to stay in OK. 
Yes they will. Companies cannot earn revenue from unpaid work, legally speaking. 
40 is average to low for the bay tbh. Facebook’s interns make ~over 9k, plus free housing/food/other benefits
That’s every state afaik. Might be a federal law
Sometimes I think unpaid internships are a myth. They sure seem mythical. The only person I know who worked an unpaid “internship” worked for a nonprofit. He was technically a volunteer. 

Companies are legally not allowed to make revenue from work you do if you are not compensated. That includes you doing work that they would normally pay someone to do (i.e. accounting), as I understand it. 
>were planning to use it for themselves

1. What does use it for themselves even mean?
2. Source please 
Pretty soon that dude will be found dead in a park, suicide via a double tap to the back of the head. 
Sounds like I know where I’m buying my next M760Li


^Craigslist. ^^in ^^20 ^^years
That’s base though. Base on this thing is closer to 150-160k. 
* Status: Accepted
* Application Date: 02/16/2018
* Decision Date: 03/19/2018
* Education: University of Georgia, B.S. Computer Science, ~3.6 overall / ~3.8 CS
* Experience: SWE Internship @ Atlanta Retailer (May 2016 - Dec 2017); SWE @ Same (Jan 2018-Present)
* Recommendations: 3
* Comments: Three good recommendations probably helped a bit. 
At least he didn’t pass you on the right. That’s when you know you fucked up. 
You say supported, but what I think you mean is “was utilized by”. 

I think it’s pretty unlikely that Facebook would have intentionally helped either candidate. Possible, but improbable. I‘m sure both campaigns used Facebook as an advertising platform. And we now know that the Trump campaign abused Facebook, taking advantage of its systems in ways that were against the terms of use.

None of that means that Facebook helped either candidate. It just means Facebook is an advertising tool, like any other. Candidates would be stupid *not* to use the tools at their disposal. 
No one is calling for things that detailed. We just want to see a change log that isn’t lazy. 

For example: 

>* Resolved an issue causing some playlists to be removed from your offline music

>* Added a quick-toggle for EQ settings to the now playing screen

Doesn’t matter how these things happened. Just that they happened. 

The real complication is that many apps so heavily use A/B testing that a change log won’t accurately reflect new features for many users. 
Developers don’t write this stuff. Product managers do. And for a product manager, a huge part of job is to manage the work that goes into each release. 
I’m with you. You can check my post history, I think the most generous thing I’ve said is “I hope I’m wrong and Trump does succeed”.  But this is a wild stretch. 

If you look at a bunch of filthy rich people (especially amongst tech investors and the businesspeople running the companies), you are bound to find a treasure trove of “connections” that you can call suspicious. 

There is a 0% chance that Facebook knowingly and intentionally assisted in the effort to elect in Donald Trump. What you will actually find, and I think this would apply to many companies who got “caught” in a situation like this, is that Facebook found out about the abuses of its systems, *maybe* failed to prioritize fixing the systems for some time, and when they realized the extent to which they were abused attempted to downplay or cover that to protect the company’s interests. 

While I agree that’s a shitty thing to do, I think most companies would take the same approach. 
Good to know. Seems odd that you can’t see them if you are rejected but it doesn’t matter much I guess. Thanks for the info. 
I honestly don’t remember. 
Thank god I’m not the only one! Lol
Yeah, it would’ve been nice if I had known this but no one I talked to about the system mentioned that not waiving is seen as a negative.
TIL. Seems reasonable, and now I regret not waiving. Oh well, can’t exactly go back and fix it now. 
I feel like you’re being intentionally daft here, but the important question was the title of the thread: how do I view it, not am I the only one who wants to. 
First off, thanks for answering the question. 

In any case, only one of my recommenders asked me to waive the right to view. I was more than happy to do so, but if not asked I see no reason I should.

I’m just curious about what they wrote. If I get rejected I’ll obviously be even more curious, but that’s not the scenario yet. 
The ol’ reddit whoosh-a-roo? 
Um. 

Am I getting whooshed or are you?
So they didn’t intend to vote for the governor either? 
That looks pretty ambiguous to me... there are crosses through the governor’s race bubble too.
Citation needed on the law on uncertain ballots point, it wasn’t mentioned in either of the articles I read and didn’t appear when I googled it...
So how exactly did you determine the ballot was supposed to be a vote for Yancey? Was it that there’s a line through the other bubble, while the box to the left contains lines through the filled-in bubble as well?
Me either! I did a double take when I looked up. 
If you’re comfortable sharing, what level is this, E6? 

Learning big 4 engineering pay grades is a whole new experience lol
Tagging because I’m also interested in this. 
Well they recently switched to automated ad buys. That should be alleviated some of the stress on sales...right?
I had to break my lease when I graduated. I wasn’t able to get a lease that ended at the right time, and in college towns around the US I know this is a common issue. Wtf are you on about? 
Moving to the Bay Area on 100k after taxes will leave you with much less than you think once you account for moving expenses, cost to terminate your existing lease (if you’re unlucky), security deposits and upfront rent for a new place, etc. 

It is still a fuckton of money, but not as much as you probably think. 
Also: no one says you have to put a job you worked for less than a month on your resume. It’s all optional. 
They resolved the random crashes in (I think) 10.2.1. The fix for random crashes was downclocking CPUs. They have since come under fire for making that fix without telling users. Now in 11.3 Apple will allow users to decide whether they want to risk random crashes or use a slightly downclocked device.
Sorry bud, you’re just wrong here. I know several people who were affected by the random shutdowns on a 6S. That was the issue they resolved. 
Thank you, it’s not like it isn’t stated like two comments down lol
If the glass didn’t break then the caller didn’t walk through it. 
People like to think school doesn’t matter. MIT students would like to think that they got callbacks from every company they applied to because they’re just smart. Kennesaw State students would like to think that the reason they aren’t getting callbacks isn’t that they picked a school no one outside Atlanta knows. 

Recruiters also like to say school doesn’t matter, because they’ll receive more applications. But if you think that the MIT kid isn’t getting preferential treatment if that recruiter gets resumes from the above hypothetical students, at least subconsciously, then you’re crazy. 

As everyone else has stated, you can be highly successful with a degree from a school with little name recognition. CS education is what you make of it. Sometimes it could even be better than mid-range, recognizable schools. It just takes a lot more work to get there - more hackathons, more side projects, more internships, better GPAs, etc 
Noooope
Not fucked. Just don’t expect callbacks from every company you apply to. That’s the context in which I brought this up. Lots of people have this misguided expectation that they will get callbacks. I did too. And I got some callbacks, but only one of the companies I really wanted. 

You can absolutely be successful without a prestigious school on your resume, it’s just going to be a bit harder. You have to have things like hackathons and extracurricular and internships to make up for it. 
>Cheating rarely results in a degree

Where the hell did you get your degree? Amongst my peers, sharing code / answers was wildly common and never caught and prosecuted. Sure, you can't cheat on every test, but the type of tests given in academic settings rarely correlate with coding prowess. 
LOL

This is very much so what I'm hoping for. 
>come around

dawgs till i die
If you consider it normal to go to a school that most people would know nothing about, yes. I can say from personal experience that of the people I work with (at my average job), most of them went to schools I know something about. 

If it's a no-name school, it doesn't matter what the relative GPA is to somewhere else because it's a fucking no-name school. No one is going to know that a 2.7 there is like a 3.0 somewhere else. You're being needlessly pedantic. 

Edit: Commenter decided to edit their post after I responded with a bunch of unrelated bullshit complaints about financial aid. Just wanted to point out that I wasn’t responding to any of that. 
:(

I half-regret not picking GT. But now that there's the OMSCS I think that will resolve my regret. 
Nope. 
In my experience, if you don't know the specific method name or API to use, that isn't much of a ding. I just say "I'm not sure if this is the right method signature, but let's assume that this function exists and returns x". If the interviewer knows and cares, they will correct it. 
Have you lived on your own in the "real world" (read: not as a student) and and built your own budget before?

I ask because the easiest way to determine this is to estimate your salary after graduation (be realistic - don't expect to get a job at Google. If you can find median salary data for grads from your program that would be ideal). Then build a budget based on where you'd expect to live making that salary and decide how much money you'd be willing to lose on loans. 

65k in loans is a $750/mo loan payment with the standard repayment plan. If you're making 100-150k (depending on your location and standard of living) that's probably okay, but any less and it's almost certainly a problem. 
They're just highly tuned google searches to help you find the people responsible for job postings. I saw these posted on linkedin by one of my connections who does recruiting, but not university recruiting, basically directing new grads to try that instead of contacting him since he can't help them. 
>it's your resume

>**school also matters**

Emphasis needed. If you're putting out 300 resumes and with a 1-2% callback rate, I can damn near guarantee you went to a no-name school and got a sub-par GPA. Even I experienced this with a good state school (but strongly overshadowed by the other in-state school) and a good GPA. 
That's correct. Agile doesn't prescribe a process, it's a mindset. The idea is that you get into the "agile mindset", and use whatever processes work best to achieve the agile principles. 

At least, that's how I understand it, coming from a company that shouts agile from the rooftops despite being on a team of 24 people, all of whom talk for at least a minute during our daily standups. 

(Yes, I am speaking up at retro, and my complaints seem to be working - we're supposed to be getting a timer box or a 30 second hourglass or something soon so people will shut the hell up)
[citation needed]

Preferably recent and with enough media attention to actually matter 
That sounds pretty terrible. Are you forced into that? 
While I don’t know a ton about guns, I can see an argument for flash hiders. In a scenario like the Vegas shooter, seeing muzzle flash is a huge help in pinpointing the shooter’s location. 
Only 18 months?! Wowza. That seems pretty sketch for a dude brought up on child porn charges who was in a position to be in close contact with children on a regular basis.
>they never came

yes but did he?
In what world would you find it fair to expect tiny wireless earbuds to be similar or better in audio quality to their wired counterparts for the same price? 

Over-ear with W1 chip headphones, using an iPhone as the source, you will find nearly the same audio quality. Other than that, obviously wired>wireless. 

With that said, convenience trumps quality. If I want good audio, I’m not using headphones in the first place. I have a home audio system for that. On the go, at the gym, in the office... convenience matters more.
I find it nearly impossible to force one to fall out of my ears. YMMV here, they fit everyone differently. Regular EarPods definitely fall out of mine, but AirPods do not. 

And it also sounds like you might be a bit of a douchebag if you have some overwhelming urge to be a dick to someone listening to music. 
If that is at the point where it can accurately simulate the forces my body experiences when I drive my car in 20-30 years, I will eat my words. But I highly doubt it. 
You’re describing AirPods...

I’m sure for many people, removing the headphone jack wasn’t a great move. But for me personally, I love the AirPods. I would have bought them regardless of whether I could still use wired headphones. They’re great for the gym and the bus and basically everywhere. 

You don’t realize how much the wires get in the way till you stop having to mind them. 
Direct neural interfacing? In 20-30 years? Not a chance lol. That’s a hell of a jump from today’s world.
They look good on Cadillacs. Not so sure here. 
i'm sorry, you **accidentally** *got in the shower* while using AirPods?

I've gotta call bullshit
Uh... no, it’s not at all like that. Unless there are families who will disown and countries that will put you on death row for liking Rick and Morty. 
Medi*care* is for the elderly. Medic*aid* is for the disabled and others with extremely low income. 
>Just for the record, you can't "over-exaggerate" anything. It's either exaggerated or it's not.

Not only are you bring pedantic to the point of silliness, but you’re also [wrong](http://www.dictionary.com/browse/overexaggerate). Check out the related forms. 
At my new rental home we had Fiber installed. The installation required a new wire to run from the conduit at the street under the yard and through a newly-drilled hole in the wall and direct to the AT&T gateway. Or perhaps there was a box on the outside that then ran a cable into the inside - I don't remember for sure, either way we had to have a hole drilled. 

We didn't check with the homeowners simply because there were already several holes drilled where this hole had to be drilled to connect to our TV service. However, I wouldn't necessarily recommend this. 
Not really, no
What if I haven’t made it public?
If you care about being compensated at market value for your skills, you need a new job at minimum every 2-3 years. Companies say they value loyalty, but the compensation structure in most places says otherwise. 

In my career trajectory I’m hoping to be Staff SWE (my company’s path is SWE -> Sr SWE -> Staff SWE) in 3 years. Each promotion in my company is a 10k salary bump. If I get that, I’m not getting an annual raise. So best case scenario be making 100-105k after two promotions. 

The average salary for a SWE two promotions into their career in my market is closer to 120-140k. Even though I am currently making a bit more than an average entry level software engineer, in three years I will be making considerably less if I stay with my current company. 
They do all kinds of research, not just weapons research. Sadly. 
This afternoon I put my tinfoil hat on and thought up a conspiracy wherein this shooting was actually something that Russia and/or the GOP made happen, in order to lend credence to the current administration’s claim that the FBI is grossly incompetent. The FBI let multiple tips/hints that this would happen (YouTube comment & the actual call to the tip line) slip through the cracks. They seem pretty dumb right now.

But then I realized how ridiculous it sounded and took my tinfoil hat back off
All it takes is one person to have the part laser scanned to make a file for it...
More like 97kph
The F80 sounds like garbage. Supplementing it with fake noise is just faking it to sound like it isn’t garbage, which is disingenuous. I’m not a fan. 

It’s at least a little different if what you hear inside the car sounds like the car itself. If the F80 is as you describe (haven’t ridden in one) then I dislike it even more now. 
Did you even watch the video...?
“It costs nothing to run” except all the things you named? I feel like you knew what OP was going for here...
To be honest I don’t know what training needs to be done to get him to stop chewing things while we aren’t home. He doesn’t do it when we’re home still, so I’m not sure how to train him about something he does when we’re not around. Do you have any resources or recommendations?
Not sure how familiar you are with the Sonos lineup... in terms of audio quality, does this trump a Play:5? Playbar? 

I’m pretty invested in Sonos products so I don’t see myself buying a HomePod for a long time, but if they eventually have a lineup that could take the place of my Sonos 5.1 that takes an optical input I’d certainly consider jumping ship
So where is everyone who was talking shit in your last thread on the HomePod here?
I think you think YouTube money is a lot better than it actually is...
Are you saying you got to put several dozen miles on that Porsche 918? Hot damn. Sounds like I need to start making car videos! 

I think a dozen miles on that car is probably worth more than all the miles I have on my car in terms of depreciation... lmao
No, because you called them rims. 
Figuring max capacity is not an exact science by any stretch. I would expect some variation just because of the nature of what's happening in the background. 
Really just one decent cornerback’s worth of work actually
Gladly 
I can actually even check online and see my own status as gold with AT&T now. And it tells me exactly what I would have to buy to get to platinum. 

Is this a separate plan from LTV stars or a replacement? 
Something something apartTide
Spotify on HomePod would be a major selling point for the HomePod for a lot of people. The comments on this post should be evidence enough for that. I personally will not consider the HomePod until it has Spotify support.

Spotify on the Apple TV? Not a big selling point for the Apple TV, for the reasons I just went over - lack of a market for that product. 

I can’t say this for certain but I would think if the only reason Apple won’t support Spotify on HomePod is that Spotify won’t write a tvOS app, Spotify would promise Apple a tvOS app by Q2’18. Spotify *will* lose subscribers and market share over this. The question is just how much, and Apple seems to think they stand to gain more in Apple Music revenue by keeping HomePod closed off than by selling more HomePods to people who are devoted to Spotify. 
To me it seems most likely that Spotify’s market research shows not very many people care to have music streaming apps on a device like an Apple TV. There are also differences between tvOS and iOS that likely mean that “just writing an interface for the AppleTV” would take 6-9 months from start to finish, which is a lot of (costly) development time, plus they then have to dedicate future resources to supporting the tvOS app. 

Spotify just recently removed their app from Roku devices. If the business was there, they would’ve spent the resources to just keep the app updated, but obviously that isn’t the case. 
Common sense? Their business desire to increase market share and available market? The fact that they’re available most other devices? 
Oh, so it’s SONOS’s good work to support multiple services but it’s not Apple’s bad work in not supporting multiple services?

Ok lol 

Troll away bud
Neither HomePod nor Siri support...

* Tidal
* Google Play Music
* Spotify
* Pandora
* Amazon Music Unlimited
* SoundCloud

Sonos supports all of those. How exactly do you think the blame is on Spotify here? You think none of those companies see any value in allowing Siri or HomePod to access their services?  
This is a dubious argument. The two companies have to agree - the service must agree to allow access to the player and the player must agree to implement access to the streaming service. 

With that said, it’s 100% Apple’s choice. There’s no Spotify app for tvOS because Spotify doesn’t think it’s worth making. Spotify would love to be on HomePod because it would increase the available market for them far more than a tvOS app. Any other sentiment is ridiculous. 
I think native Alexa devices must be significantly better at smart things because my Sonos One is hot garbage as an Alexa-enabled device. Still a great Sonos speaker, but if this is what Echo devices are like too then I don’t want anything to do with Alexa =/
You can airplay Spotify to any AirPlay-capable device from any iOS device. But HomePod does not (and likely will not in the near future unless Apple drastically changes their approach) support Spotify natively, meaning you won’t be able to ask it to play Spotify natively Spotify may not even be AirPlay 2 capable with the HomePod. I haven’t dug into it enough but from what I understand, AirPlay 2 means the speaker fetched the audio stream itself rather than the streaming device (iOS/Mac/AppleTV) sending an audio steam to the speaker. This means HomePod will need to be able to get audio streams directly from Spotify to use AirPlay 2. 
He is responsible for the individual bugs. As head of software engineering his job is first and foremost to build a premier software division in the company. This means not only driving innovation, but promoting engineering practices that work and ensuring they are followed from the top down, from proper, rigorous testing (both automated and manual) to continuous integration and deliver. 

He isn’t *directly* responsible, but certainly has allowed too much slacking in certain essential aspects of software engineering. 
Rene Ritchie and Gruber both made this point on Gruber’s podcast last week sooooo
It wasn’t a question for anyone other than Chris Collinsworth, who was surprisingly understandable given he was deep throating Tom Brady all game.
Actually yes. Aside from the doors part.
You are the only Canadian I have ever seen online complain about this system. Seems odd...
“Myers was charged with possession of a Schedule 1 substance with the intent to distribute (felony), and possession of drug related objects (misdemeanor).”

http://accesswdun.com/article/2017/8/573768/details-emerge-on-arrest-of-youtubes-fps-russia-in-franklin-county
Nice job tossing attacks at people who haven’t said anything rude at all

Glad to have people like you in the world 
My crypto portfolio is down over a grand from amount invested lol 

lol

😅

😭
It’s February 
That’s like saying that you can check the Bible to get the other side of the story from an article in a scientific journal. 
Solution would be turn off Fox News alerts

Bonus side effect is you stop seeing so much bullshit. 
The corporate tax cut was needed. The personal tax cut is the problem. America was not a business-friendly environment in terms of taxes. We were not competitive with other countries. Now we are. I definitely see the benefits. The problem is we aren’t taxing individuals. 

The ideal version of this tax bill should have included a (sizable) tax hike on high incomes and a cut for low and middle incomes in order to balance the overall effect of the corporate cut on the overall budget, but that will never happen.
Lol no
This is an ongoing myth and I have no idea how. Insurance premiums would be higher today if the ACA had not passed. The ACA actually helped reduce the growth of premiums compared to analysts’ predictions. 
Yeah let’s beat em up and steal their mining rigs

/s
OP, you seem to have overlooked the fact that the average age of an iPhone 6S is greater when iOS 11.2 was released compared to when iOS 10.2.1 was released. 

That tends to happen when you actively look for reasons to doubt or dislike something. 
thatsthejoke.jpg
Because a regular king is 76x80, he typo’d the dimensions. 
That’s too short sighted from a business standpoint I think. They aren’t likely to price the next gen high end cards crazy high, GPUs have been at the same price bracket for years. 
The navigation and routing is honestly almost the same across all the big players. The big problem is Waze drivers just drive faster. Or Waze just assumes that people drive faster. 

Whichever the case may be, on an hour trip (without traffic) Waze will tell me 4-7% faster than GMaps. 
Thinking about parting out and upgrading to new parts when the next gen GPUs drop. Would any one be interested in any of the following? What is a fair-ish price? I've been out of the game for quite a while so I have literally no idea. 

* ASUS Rampage IV Formula + Intel i7-3820 + 4x4GB Samsung Wonder-RAM
* EVGA GTX 780 ACX SuperClocked
* Corsair 650D (Local only, might just keep it)
* [Full Custom Watercooling loop](https://cdn.pcpartpicker.com/static/forever/images/userbuild/61345.b3ec4a2833b94518e174f17249eaf821.c30188862d241eb99a4a7a5977ad203d.1600.jpg): Swiftech MCP655 pump, Bitspower D5 pump housing Bitspower 150ml reservoir, Phobya Xtr​eme 200mm ​Radiator, BitFenix S​pectre Pro​ 200mm fan, Alphacool ​NexXxoS ST​30 240mm r​adiator, Heatkiller​ "Hole Edi​tion" GTX ​780 waterb​lock, XSPC Rayst​orm CPU block (LGA 2011 mounting hardware only, I think I lost the rest), and all the compression fittings and goodies. 

Should I just sell the computer as a whole and start fresh or...? The only thing on my [build list](https://pcpartpicker.com/b/qnxrxr) that I wouldn't part with is the PSU, everything else that's re-usable I'd really only care to keep if I can't sell it. 
vram doesn't matter that much, AMD cards are just better at the type of work that is done mining most cryptos
highly doubt it. GPUs are usually pretty pricey right after they come out because of constrained supply issues. I highly doubt that will change this time around, ESPECIALLY with the crypto craze
It's NVIDIA and AMD's job. They need to improve their production capabilities.
Referrals don’t guarantee an interview in my experience. 
Do you have an update on the deal at your local MC? 
/r/evenwithcontext
4S
Industrial Engineering. Which isn’t software engineering and isn’t working on a product really. It’s basically what he did at Apple before becoming CEO: process “engineering”. Waste reduction, lean processes etc. 
Oh man. You are in for a treat!

https://youtu.be/5m6Sw26gUQo

^(hint: the next line is ^^^AUBURN ^^^SUCKS!)
That’s not the next line! :(
Get a CS degree and move to San Francisco. That’s all you really need to do. 

Or get a CS degree and work hard in a normal city for 5-8 years and you’ll also be there. I graduated in December and I’m making 80k in Atlanta... and that’s not even the best salary out of my friends in Atlanta. Facebook first year compensation is 190k in the bay / Seattle. 

Not that it’s easy to get those jobs in SF. Normal is more like 100-120k for entry in SF. I personally blew my FB interview ;(
Software engineering will never be a blue collar job. 

https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/programming-blue-collar-steven-lipton
I like drivin in my truck
Tim Cook is not and never was an engineer...
It’s damn near impossible to get an engineering position with no college degree and no relevant work experience these days from what I’ve seen. 
Shithouses*
I'm applying to the GT OMS CS program and they ask for my resume. I just started full time at the start of the month after interning continuously at the same company, so I haven't really done much in my full time capacity that isn't exactly what I was doing as an intern before. 

What can I do with my resume to indicate that I have started and am working full time for this company, but I haven't actually done anything yet? Should I just put the job title and no information below it?
They are not currently stored on servers. The messages are pushed to your devices, and once delivered they are not persisted in the server. Your account is not a single destination for an iMessage, but instead each iMessage could have many destinations: one for each device associated with your iCloud account which has iMessage activated. 
I’m not sure how this is considered a loaded question. It’s asking for a discussion on how a political party can find success...?
literally like 90% of the midwest is a low CoL area....wtf are you on about?
Congrats! I finished up last semester and now I’ve decided I didn’t hate school enough so I’m applying for GT’s OMSCS once benefits kick in and work will pay for it. I *might* be a masochist I think. 
Exact same experience here, down to the time the class was offered...

Long shot, but go dawgs? And class from Dr. Dan?
At 7% in a 300 student lecture hall on a $200 book, the professor makes an extra $4200 per semester on each class. And that’s only the students the professor directly teachers. 
Jeffrey Lord came across as a moron every time he spoke though. Shepherd Smith usually doesn’t.
The tax structures don't matter so much because every city on the list is offering insane tax benefits. Both are directly related to their bottom line, but Amazon is already one of the best paying companies in the country when it comes to those office jobs they'll be creating with HQ2. Additionally, Seattle's cost of living isn't far from the cities you named.
Amazon doesn't give a damn about the cost of living or tax structures. They're not building a distribution center, they're building a development office. Amazon's 'razor-thin margin' is irrelevant. 
Major in size, not so much in prestige
Most of the triangle is not cheaper than Charlotte. 
Read the article though - 539B is the claimed **net** cost, taking into account a lot of factors like taxes currently paid and other stuff. 
539B seems wildly low. I did read the article and it just seems unbelievably unrealistic. 
Underrated comment and an underrated show. Double whammy!
I don’t know why they would mar the ST brand image instead of using SHO from the Taurus. As a (non-Ford enthusiast) car guy, I see the ST brand as their fun, small, quick and nimble type cars. This throws a wrench into that image for me. SHO makes sense, ST does not.
Don’t judge people based on what they drive.
Glad I’m not the only one confused. At first glance I was like why is there a fish in that grill
> That was like 15 years ago now

Small overlap started 5-6 years ago. [Source](http://www.iihs.org/iihs/news/desktopnews/vehicles-with-good-driver-side-protection-may-leave-passengers-at-risk)
It needs [skates](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/ClosedSparklingEyelashpitviper-size_restricted.gif), actually. 
You’re not thinking outside the box. Doesn’t matter when the data is flowing - I could just bundle and store the data temporarily until the next time the user does call on Alexa. 

I don’t believe the tech giants are listening in on us right now, but what you’ve just referred to is not any sort of proof. 
Even most polarized sunglasses work with FaceID iirc. My non-polarized glasses don’t work though. I’m sure there is some effect of even clear lenses on IR transmission. 

Or they could just use the normal camera...
Ooh, count me in
You don’t think a 3D reconstruction of a face would be able to show sunglasses?
That’s not helpful here. When I’m in my car my phone is dim as hell because it’s “in the shade” even though I have sunglasses on so I can barely see it. 
Fox & friends called it a mistake? Around what time was that? And when did Trump tweet a denial? 

I‘d be pleasantly surprised if there isn’t a correlation. 

Edit: his tweet denying using “shithole” was 7:28am. Anyone know when Fox & Friends started talking about it? I know that’s during their airtime...
Minors do have to pay taxes. Where did you get that idea? 
Off topic but.... I like Star Wars as much as the next guy but every time I see an article about something Mark Hamill said I can’t help but hear pandering. Why do people care what he has to say that much? Do people think he’s some sort of visionary?
This story was on my local news today and they were playing an interview with the president of the school board or some other higher up position. 

First, he equated the situation that was caught on camera to a teacher removing an unruly student from their classroom, as if the school board was the teacher and the teachers were rowdy children. 

Then, he claimed that her words were about nothing more than personally attacking the superintendent and his family. 

So yes, you’ve basically got it right. 
Damn good game. A few bad calls from refs but honestly it was just bad playcalling late in the game. 
i’ve only had two minor heart attacks so far

This has been a hell of a game, but our playcalling needs help 
Well it would make sense that professor doesn't understand basic statistics - it was a *communications* professor. 
https://i.imgur.com/eq0t9pg.png
somehow I don't think you will for at least a few years.
He does. You can actually look it up, it's public record if he owns the property directly and not through an LLC or something. Chaney is in Oconee County. 
Let’s have this conversation every day for the next 10 months. Winning elections doesn’t start in October. 
“Hmm... how do I make sure I don’t end up on the Browns... oh I know, I’ll just get caught with pot!”
Well /u/dougdemuro, it looks like they didn’t really change much. They must not have seen your video
Bama didn’t have a worse season than almost any other team. They lost to one team. One that we lost to, too. Like UGA, Alabama is generally the better team compared to Auburn - just not on that particular day under those particular conditions. 

If you don’t think Bama is one of the best teams this season you’re actually delusional. 
Injured as in they didn’t even play. Baker Mayfield played fine yesterday. That logic is perfectly sound when you can expect the players who were injured to perform normally in the remaining games of the season. 

FSU is a good example. With their QB injured they were not especially good. Perhaps with their first string QB they would have been one of the best teams, but you couldn’t expect him to return and play well until next season. So he shouldn’t factor into their quality rating. But if he twisted an ankle and was out for two games, then came back and played well, I’d argue that you rate FSU’s quality based more on the games he played in than in games he didn’t.
I guess we disagree on the purpose of the playoffs. I was never under the impression and disagree with the idea that it should be based on who deserves a chance rather than who is actually best. What’s the point in a playoff if you can’t declare a champion who is actually the best team?

Also...

>they have the best coach

Watch out with that. Kirby’s coming for that throne! (I hope)
I’m all for a playoff expansion but realistically I think the committee has done a good job of selecting the best four every year. Because of the skill differential in college football across divisions and conferences, we’ll never be able to just select the teams with the best record or each conference champion. 
I’m a bit biased but Auburn’s home field advantage is wild. Alabama and Georgia both suffered a lot in that respect. Alabama was also playing hurt in that game, with several key players injured. 

Alabama is definitely one of the best teams in the country, particularly when healthy. 
Oh really? That’s good to know, I can find 11x14s pretty easily. 
No, you didn’t look hard enough. That frame isn’t matted. The frame itself is 12x15. I’m looking for something more like 16x19 with a mat for a 12x15 document. 
Magnicifent*
(iOS) App developer here. It’s not possible for Facebook to be listening to you 24/7. Please stop perpetuating this myth. Firstly, iOS doesn’t allow background use of things like the camera and microphone. It’s simply not possible for the app to do that. With that said, it is technically possible for them to do it **while the app is open and active**. Secondly, the amount of processing power required to filter the background noise and transcribe your actual words (that is, when the words are actually discernible) would not be worth the amount of money they would make on advertising. It would be a monumental waste of electricity. 
I think about it every night and day
6+ introduced full HD at 401ppi
It needs to be visible all the time. I mean that having it appear only when edge protect is active is a bad design. 
Having the home indicator appear to signify that edge protect is enabled? Bad UX. That isn’t an intuitive design at all. 
It’s a feature for full screen apps that allows them  to take over the “swipe up from bottom” gesture. You have to basically swipe up twice to go home on apps that have edge protect enabled - once to disable edge protect them again to actually execute the action. 

Google Maps had a buggy release recently where they did not observe the safe areas on the iPhone X and as a result had edge protect enabled. That’s what I’m talking about if you used Google Maps on an iPhone X recently. 
Same computer, same issue. It’s pretty much garbage for me. 
What about apps that use edge protect? The bar needs to be visible. 
^ this

Applies for all investing but especially crypto
status.gdax.com
Beating Auburn in games that matter. 😜
I’m also interested in a meme pool

Are they dank?
Risky ass click
Legitimate answer: trying to prosecute this makes them appear hard on Russia in spite of neglecting to enforce or attempting to undo sanctions on Russia over the attempts at influencing our election. 

“The GOP loves Russia”

“oh yeah? What about that time they kept going after the Clintons hopelessly over Russia?”

“...”
>Amazon

>Best company in the world


U wot m8
“[Outlet] confirms” is an industry standard term in journalism. You see it everywhere, and it doesn’t imply that the story was not official until confirmed by [outlet]; it simply means that [outlet] was able to independently confirm the information reported by the initial reporter through their own sources. 
Incorrect. Miners overloading the network to artificially inflate fees is not the same as miners intentionally incorrectly solving the problems in order to rewrite transaction history, and the white paper doesn’t refer to any such action. In fact, ‘miners’ in the white paper refers specifically to the client nodes, while ‘miners’ in this post refers to the individuals operating those nodes. 

With that said, you’re correct in a sense - bitcoin won’t work if miners (node operators) act in the manner described by OP, because network fees will continue to rise to the point that no one will use bitcoin anymore. But that’s not what you’re claiming. What you call “bitcoin working” is not the same as what the white paper means by “bitcoin will work as long as more than half of the miners (client nodes) are honest”
That’s not relevant at all. That essentially refers to a collection of nodes attempting to “rewrite the blockchain”. 
That’s actually not how it works. The devices are slowed based on the degree of battery deterioration. An iPhone 6 with a brand new battery will run fine on iOS 11, but one with a heavily (>15%) deteriorated battery will be sluggish.
Opposing any expansion of medicare on the grounds of “boo, more entitlements from my tax dollars” is short sighted at best. Realistically, Medicare for all is the best way to reduce the cost of health care in America. Then we have to tackle the student debt issue that doctors face - that’s absolutely a component of why healthcare is so expensive as well. 
I’m all for expanding Medicare, preferably to 0+, not just 50+. But 50+ would be a nice start. It would cost me pennies (relatively speaking) in taxes and remove millions of older, unhealthy, often ill people from the insurance pools that I’m currently subsidizing with my outrageous insurance premiums. The end result would be drastically cheaper insurance for me, which Im pretty sure would more than offset my increased tax burden. 
[At least give credit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7kxo9x/im_sorry_everyone/)
Yep. Always a mistake :(
Yep. Thinking about buying more if it makes it down to 10k
The dude is 76, if his health hasn’t spiraled yet I don’t think a lack of working out and not drinking are really impacting him. 
For the right car and price and assuming due diligence was done to ensure the car is in good condition, yeah. 
he was adding on to the joke...
Fuck me sideways. How does someone who looks, speaks, and acts like Steve Bannon get VP and Board positions while I shave, get regular haircuts and wash my clothes every week but can’t get a raise 
Your argument is “it is more expensive” flat out. Not “it’s more expensive relative to average incomes”. 

Your own source doesn’t actually support your conclusion. 
First paragraph states that their methodology factors in median income. 

Not a good start for your side of the argument. 
Well if they were on multiple reels then perhaps they started on the wrong reel by mistake. 
Amongst my friends who are at GT I see the same thing today (“Oh, you’re staying in Atlanta?”), but not so much with the friends at UGA. 

I definitely see the potential and growth and I see the startups around, but startups and smaller companies don’t really seem to hire new grads, which definitely hurts us younger devs. I’ve also seen quite a few meetup groups, but I need to get more involved with them. 

Amazon would fill the gap in hiring talented, but younger/less experienced engineers, which would in turn really help the companies who are looking for more experienced hires.

The only thing I’m really scared of with Amazon in Atlanta is traffic becoming 50k people worth of worse every morning. 
You are incorrect. Amazon would have to pay rent and would not own the building if they went with Irvine. They would not have to put money in up front - the developer would finance the project for Amazon - but it would not be free. This approach probably isn’t as appealing as it sounds for a company with as much capital as Amazon. 
I keep hearing this, yet no companies want to hire me (new grad) and rarely are there posts in salary sharing threads from Atlanta. 

Maybe things will change when I’m experienced but Atlanta definitely doesn’t seem like much of a tech market right now - rather, it’s somewhere that many companies happen to call home and those companies happen to need some software engineers (the likes of Coca Cola, Chick Fil A, Home Depot, etc). 
Most of Charlotte’s dev jobs are finance right? I know BofA is big there...I know Atlanta has a couple of satellite offices for decent tech companies (VMWare, Square, Salesforce...) but they don’t really employ many people total at those offices though afaik. 
Dude, I made $27/hr in Atlanta as an intern. You’re in fucking Cali making less than that? You NEED to get out and find a company that at least pretends to give a damn. 
I have been interning at a company for a year and a half now, and I start full time next year. The standard offer for interns was 70k, but with some pestering my manager gave me an offer for 75k up front. 

Then I came to find out the company was offering other new hires with no unique experience or special skills (basically me, but interned at a different company instead of my company) were getting 80k off the bat, without even asking for that much. 

I raised hell and got 80k. The recruiting manager I spoke with fussed for several minutes of our 12-minute conversation that “we aren’t supposed to talk about salary.”

Finally I found out they were calling all the interns and raising all of us to 80k. While I’m no longer getting a leg up at the start because of “my loyalty to the company”, I do think my friends and I are responsible for everyone else’s initial raise to 80k. The company would have gladly continued fucking over the other interns and giving other fresh grad new hires a starting salary higher than the current salary for many of the current employees. 
That looks wonderful. Do you know the brand or where I could buy it?
My screen is scratched to hell, idk how yours isn’t if you don’t have a case protecting the front when you set it down 
Same way you'd negotiate any other offer. 
**** 
Hello $recruiter, 

I'm very excited about coming on board at $company. However, I've received another offer for an internship, which is enticing for $reasons. Would you be able to accommodate $requests? Without taking into account $reasons, $company is my number one choice, but the other offer makes the decision a bit more difficult.

Thanks

$name
Zooming in on that photo it looks like there's some stuff under the glass at the top where the sensor array is. Have you noticed this being an issue? 
Tbh universities probably wouldn’t care much. If anything you would be a better candidate. And man, if you want to be a professional SWE you will be rolling in job offers (just mask the product on your resume and talk about the technical accomplishments). 
Ive never seen an edge to edge protector at an Apple store. Link on the web store?
Roy Moore?
/u/elatedprogress included, evidently
You’re tearing us apart!
Let me know how the Hawkins Lab works out for you!
GD salaries have been pretty close with my experience. They're usually a bit low just from having dated information, but not off by that much. 

If the role is that intense and the stock isn't actually worth anything, it might be a little low based on responsibilities but it's still quite a good offer for Atlanta. 
Yep, Baker Mayfield is quite an eligible QB for next year
I'm not sure how you're finding PM salaries at 150k+ in Atlanta. Glassdoor puts average base pay for Product Manager in Atlanta at 103k. Atlanta has extremely low CoL compared to many major cities. Software Engineering Manager / Senior Manager would be closer to 140-160k base, but that doesn't sound quite right for this role?

In any case, congratulations - that's an awesome offer and I hope the job turns out to be less confusing than it looks right now!
That is fucking wild for Atlanta if you're actually a new grad with typical new grad experience. Is this a public company (i.e. is the stock actually worth anything?)

Total comp is usually signing+salary+stock, assuming the stock isn't backloaded that's 162.5k first year, 157.5k for the rest. 
“pass”? 
I’m pretty sure that’s not how the liability works.
Ayy lmao Auburn sucks
[[Georgia vs Auburn]]
can't spell sugar without UGA!
He has a strong arm but not as accurate as Fromm generally, and he drills the ball into receivers, causing unnecessary drops. 

He also isn’t as good at making decisions or moving on his feet. Fromm is no dual threat but he can at least run if needed. 
Yeah we good

But it would be nice if they’d start calling em cause that’s the 2nd/3rd one I’ve noticed that should’ve been and had a big impact on the game 
Yes, should be complaining 
three by my count. minimum two. 
Well the trans man probably be in on it. 
Good point lol
I actively welcome dick pics and get like 5-10/week...
How the hell did you get 100 dick pics in 2.5 weeks
I was watching on my phone, and I also prefer to support most of the content creators that I follow so I have YouTube whitelisted in my computer anyways. Watching 5 seconds of an ad then clicking skip is worth the few tenths of a penny that Doug gets out of me :)
I think the placement is the key, and I just wasn’t expecting an ad where it popped up here. I definitely see where you’re coming from and I didn’t mind the ad, I was just surprised because I hadn’t seen a mid-video ad from you before (somehow I missed it on the Spyker video I guess). 
The SS is close, especially in 1LE guise. It’s already faster around many tracks iirc. And the ZL1 1LE just decimates any mustang on a track obviously. 
The license plate: “byepony” 

I lol’d hard
Related question: do you have any control over when ads play? An ad interrupted the middle of this video for me and it really threw me off. 
It worked for me on the first button press when I tried restarting mysql on my mid-14 macbook on high sierra. 
Error: stack overflow on recursive call
You don’t have to wait either. Just tap where the x should be. It’s there, just hidden. 
This is incorrect. Cars these days have a flash counter that will indicate this sort of modification even if it is removed. 
Newer cars have flash counters to detect flashed tunes. 
Across the field though, not an easy throw to make when you have to look and throw across your body like that. 
Never watched a CBS game?
Every game on CBS is. We yearn for the commercial control the NFL has over its broadcasters. 
Lackeys....
RemindMe! 6 years
You think OSU is in if they win?
Yeah, I kind of giggled at “I respect 146hp on the rear”. Obviously it’s a bit different because my car has a DCT and all the electronic nannies but even with >300 to the wheels it’s not dangerous unless you’re used to flooring it in a car that can only do 0-60 in 10 seconds downhill with a tailwind. 
This implies cheering for Clemson at least once, since they would have to beat you for you to go 0-11.
The Athens area emergency food bank, specifically. 640 Barber St. It’s now a little late for thanksgiving goods as they’re closed today and tomorrow but they are one of the most directly helpful charities to Athens families in need and few people seem to even know that the aaefb even exists. 
Can you compare/contrast your 340 and 235? How do you like them? 
Read the owner’s manual. Required means required. Suggested means it might make a bit less power because the engine will compensate for lower quality fuel. 
Three weeks out is impressive if it hardy changes after that. 
Damn you got me lol. 

Maybe it’s the Dodge **Vv**iper?
V10 **V**iper?
Well 50% would mean total sticker price of the car should be at most 50% of your annual gross salary, while 10-15% is monthly payments guideline - 15% of your take-home pay on car payments in a month. 

You’re just misinterpreting the numbers. 
Doesn’t traction control usually work via selective brake application? Brakes can be modulated much more quickly and efficiently than the motor’s output.
The fucking irony. A man who was literally on tape saying he grabs women by the pussy because he’s rich and powerful and can get away with it, calling someone out for hovering his hands over a woman’s boobs as a (bad) joke. 

*sigh*
The point

———————

Your head
Get the fuck outta here man, what the fuck kinda bullshit are you on?
He can be sued regardless. He won’t lose the suit if the accusation can be proven somewhat true, but they can still sue him into the ground. 
No shit they don’t. Android is just another platform for Google to sell ads on. 
I’m getting damn tired of my daily “we don’t have anything to notify you about but want to pad our daily active user count” notifications from Facebook. 
114 from 168*
As the driver of a PT Cruiser I would think you wouldn't want to curse someone else like that. 
Levi’s 514s is all you need in life. 
They’re pretty explicit about what they collect, and the opt-out options are very clear and visible. The data they collect is used for platform improvement primarily, and at one point they were a provider of ads in iOS apps but iirc, they got out of that game because they couldn’t compete with Google (due to not collecting as much data - they didn’t have the same granularity for advertisers to target their ads). 

And I should also note that I’m nearly certain none of the above companies sell your data. They sell ads. These ads are targeted toward a demographic. But unless you, the targeted consumer, visit the advertiser’s website by clicking on one of the ads, they don’t acquire any data about you. 
Opting to sell ads to one group but not another is not the same thing as giving access to personal profile data, so I’d like a source that explains what you’re talking about in more detail. 
[citation needed]

As far as I understand, google doesn’t sell your name. Period. People forget, Google sells ads. Not data. They say “sure, I’ll serve ads to people who meet this profile”. But they’re not going to give another company the profile they built about you. That’s their whole competitive advantage - they have that data, and no one else does. Selling it would enable other companies to advertise the same way Google does, which would be pretty dumb. 

Obviously if you click an ad that a company targeted to a certain demo and give information at that link, the end result is the same as your scenario - another company acquired your name attached with a demographic. But in that scenario you provided the information, and presumably if you gave info to the company, the ad was something you were interested in... so can you really be angry about it?
You shouldn’t include Apple on that list. They are doing things very differently from the other companies you listed; their revenue doesn’t depend on serving targeted ads so they don’t collect data like the others do. 
The other big difference is that google doesn’t host such sensitive information in the first place. Additionally, the advertising info they create for you is unlinked from any PII (personally identifiable information), so your name and address and shit aren’t tied to your advertising profile. 
How far ahead are you in terms of content? Like the videos that came out last week, when did you shoot them and edit them? Just curious about how long the process takes. 
Thanks, I’ll give this a shot today and see how it goes!
Can you explain this procedure a bit better?
That sounds like an excellent way to get fired. 
Psychologically, having those barriers to spending a few minutes together on something (emailing/IMing for a meeting first, knocking on a door) makes a person significantly less likely to seek out that interaction. 
The 8 speed is not better than a PDK (or any other DCT in any other supercar). That claim (faster than the PDK) is true, but only under certain conditions and it is the only time the 8 speed is better than a PDK. Other shifting scenarios (shifting down, shifting up in non-ideal conditions), the PDK is better. 
>mental mistakes

Man, this was the saddest part for me. We gave up 14 points at crucial times to dumb shit. Leaping the punt blockers? Cmon. Muffing a punt you had no business even trying to catch? Cmon! 

Obviously those points weren’t the margin by which we lost or even close, but I do think they hurt the morale so much that it went from what could have been a close game to a downright massacre. 

I also hate Jim Chaney, and yesterday just confirmed what I’ve said all along - he can’t really call plays to save his life, he’s just lucky in that we’ve only really played teams that his play calls work on. 
/r/superbowl
>ND got exposed

So every other ranked win they’ve had was just luck? I think it’s more likely that last night was just a bad night than that ND “got exposed”
good luck tonight i guess, in spite of my flair
im so done
WHAT THE FUCK KIND OF PLAY CALL IS THAT

WE HAD AT LEAST TWO FUCKING SHOTS DOWN THE FIELD AND WE RUN IT UP THE MIDDLE IN A GAME WHERE WE HAVE LESS THAN 30 RUSHING YARDS

FUCK
there's been two should've-been-called plays. One, Wims caught the ball despite being literally held by your DB
I don’t fucking know man but I’m gonna have an aneurysm watching this game. 
WHAT THE FUCK
yes lets run on 2nd and 17 when we have 20 rushing yards
well that was PI that wasn't gonna get called
please can we throw the fucking ball

edit: and catch
16-7

:(
So it’s not in mint condition is what you’re saying 
I know more racist hicks from North Carolina than I do from Georgia. 

That *is* the qualifier we use right? 
Incorrect. My alarm goes down to low volume if I look at my phone. 
Relevant username?
I can answer part of that, the 550i is damn near silent even outside the car. Absolutely requires an aftermarket exhaust if you're looking to hear it. 
That hasn’t really been true since the early 2000s (or maybe before). Porsche’s suspension ~~wizards~~ engineers have made them unbelievable drivable. A Carrera S today is stupendously fast compared even to a turbo from the 90s but moreover, it’s just goddamn easy to drive fast, even on a track. 
“Movie”
Yeah that’s fair. I disagree with that as well - I strongly believe that everyone should be taken care of to a degree. I don’t see how any developed, first world country can say that not all citizens deserve universal healthcare and a universal basic income that is enough for housing and food. 
>
*some* people make their own luck

Happy? You can’t sit there and tell me that the dude who spent years partying and not doing anything particularly productive was unlucky while the dude who worked hard and got a good job right out of school was just lucky. 

The guy is mad because he made bad decisions. Period. He has no one to be mad at but himself. And even so, being mad about it doesn’t accomplish anything.  He’s gonna be playing catch-up for a while but that doesn’t mean his life is a lost cause. 
Now you’ve got me interested
Galaxy display are definitely still over saturated....
You can’t tap the notch. You’re still touching the screen, in the space right below the notch.m but above most of the content. 
Pls no
Baker would do it for no reason at all though wouldn’t he?
Cool story bro 
Imagine if this is how interviews worked...
Companies move slow as molasses here. Dunno if that’s universal or just in Atlanta but these are both companies I applied to in August who finally reached out in the last 2 weeks. I still have to do interviews for the two that I think I will be able to get offers from. I honestly doubt I will have an offer in hand until 2-3 weeks from now, which could leave very little time to negotiate, and I already got my current offer extended once. 

I’m also relatively certain of my worth - I’m a new grad in Atlanta (but with quite a lot of experience for a new grad) so it isn’t too terribly difficult to check Glassdoor and bump up a few grand. I’m planning to ask for 85 with a 10k signing bonus, which is a modest bump over my current offer (~12%) and hoping to actually get between 80 and 85 with 5k+ signing. Those numbers are high for a new grad, but not unheard of.
I’d love to see you give it a shot. 
/u/fuckswithducks’s girlfriend? 
It works pretty well for me. I put my thumb on the home bar (with the bottom edge of my thumb just above the bottom edge of the screen) and swipe my thumb all the way off the bottom of the screen. 
Apple cases don’t expose the back of the phone though. 
*over* 100. 
I guess my eyes are broken but this is by far the best looking screen I have ever laid my eyes on. It’s fantastic. I also love how close the screen is to the touch surface — it makes everything look like it is rendered/photoshopped on top of the phone instead of just being displayed under the glass.
Reachability works on the home screen but it doesn’t pull the status bar down, so you can’t swipe down for your notifications or control center though which bothers me. 
>that’s a terrible use of money

No, it helps them retain brand loyalty. 
You’re talking about this thread, right?
This is exactly my philosophy. Add in that I really hate people who don’t keep right except to pass so I gun it around them with a vengeance and you could be me. 
Samsung doesn’t design Apple’s phone screens, they just manufacture them according to Apple’s design.
3D Touch is incorrect, it’s a long press
I think HTC did Live Photos before Apple did too
Since tomorrow when the iPhone X comes out and no other consumer handsets offer such tech currently?
They teach stats at bama?
Wow. That’s very interesting! Thanks for the link and information, I had no idea. 
I think he means thickness as in it is wider than the phone is, not thickness from the back to the front. 
They replied to my email:

>Please kindly note that the estimated shipping time frame for your Pre-Ordered item is within 1-2 weeks.

>If we are ahead of schedule for our Quality Check, your order will be shipped out earlier than that.

>I have made a note to prioritize your order for you. Once your order ships, a shipping confirmation email will be sent to you accordingly.

>Thank you very much for your patience and understanding. In the meantime, please let me know if you wish to make any changes to your order.
I've seen a lot of reviews saying it's adds a lot of bulk to the sides of the phone. Thoughts? I've preordered mine already but I have a funny feeling when I put it on my phone I'm gonna end up returning it.
The 7+ scored a 10:38, a few minutes shy of the X's 10:49 on this benchmark last year. [Source](https://www.tomsguide.com/us/iphone-7-iphone-7-plus,review-3908.html)

I would imagine that, especially if you're coming from a year old 7+, the X's battery life will be an improvement. 
I’ve read closer to 1100/1200
It's really unfair to the Samsung devices that they didn't test using auto-brightness. Those phones have been tested by most outlets to reach above 1000 nits. Obviously I don't care because it's skewed in my favor anyways but the bias against Samsung here is pretty clear. 
You can leave Waze on While Using and it will continue to use location “in the background” if you are using it to navigate. Mapping apps and certain other types of apps are allowed additional permissions to stay active even when they’re in the background. 
It really isn’t though. What’s the difference between 28 and 30%? Almost nothing. 

I’ve used battery percentage since it was still a jailbreak tweak and not a system option. But I’m under no illusion that it is useful - it just helps assuage my OCPD. 
From what I read, your check in window is really only to accommodate people who need time to help setup their phones. It *should* still be first come first served, just know that if you arrive early you may be waiting in the last batch to get through the process before a rep gets to you. 
So it’s unfair to expect Apple to at least make an effort to catch and fix issues that are causing glitches and battery drains during the backup/restore process? Nah dude. 
The few sentences is just a primer to quickly make sure they understand the situation. It’s very useful to summarize the problem so they know what questions to ask. This applies for almost all communication really. Think about grade school when they told you how to write essays — “first, tell ‘em what you’re gonna tell ‘em”.
100% 
his username contains MacBook

it seems pretty unlikely there’s no emotional attachment there
Really? Interesting... source?
If Apple had your attitude they would never make anything cool. Claiming no attempts at improvement should be made is downright stupid. 
Not with anywhere near as much accuracy as the TrueDepth camera array does. 
Well in letterboxed mode, the notch and rounded corners at the bottom wouldn't be visible because there would just be black bars at the bottom and top. 
I agree. I thought it was worth sharing because many on this sub seemed to buy into rumors that Apple was still working to embed TouchID into the device as late as July and claiming that designs were still being tested at that point. 
That would be a product called paint protection film. Usually referred to as a clear bra. It’s a similar concept to vinyl but clear, and obviously much more resilient. 
THEM DAWGS IS HE11
I don't think their treatment of Clemson is unfair. Clemson's loss was suffered without their starting QB (and when he was in, he wasn't 100%). It's probably safe to assume that won't be the case for the rest of the season, so it seems safe to give them a pass for that loss imo. 

If the rankings are estimating who would win with both teams at 100% for the remainder of the season, then Clemson's ranking is close to fair.

And no, giving FSU a pass because their QB is injured doesn't work because their QB won't be coming back until next year. 
It's not really a bs excuse, if you don't beat ohio state in the B1GCG you will have a resume with 0 good teams under your belt, and only a few wins by 20+. Wisconsin has won every game, but I don't think they've convinced anyone that they are on the same level as even OSU/PSU/UGA, nevertheless Alabama. 
You wouldn't be #1 defense if it weren't for some slackin ass corners on our team letting 60+ yard TD passes fly over their heads.

I hope they're still running laps tbh
Wisconsin must be like molasses if the only reason they aren't beating teams by 60 is the pace of the game. 
no it would be much better if bama pounds auburn into oblivion, otherwise they will be mad when they come to atlanta
Can you link a case study showing that icing the kicker doesn’t work?
Because watching them they make fewer mistakes and better plays generally speaking. They don’t have the resume but they do have the team ability for sure. 
They won't be getting their starting QB back is the difference
To be fair, that loss occurred with a backup QB, and they're unlikely to need to roll with their backup again
I'm actually really surprised by this. The Penn State was not as close as it looked, I feel like OSU and Clemson should switch spots. 
I swear if Auburn ruins our playoff shot...
:(
Designed means engineered in this context. Both hardware and software. Why are you so hostile? You can pretty quickly find out that I’m right just by googling who develops Apple’s displays. I believe the TechCrunch iPhone X review also alluded to Apple’s display development process. If you start looking into it, you’ll find that Apple owns a wealth of display-related intellectual property and their displays primarily (if not exclusively) contain tech that’s owned by Apple. 

The difference between other handset companies and Apple is that Samsung actually develops the displays for the others. Generally, they ask for displays meeting a set of specifications and Samsung makes it happen. With iPhones, it’s the other way around. Apple gives them blueprints and says build it. 
Because I’m telling an inconvenient truth in a sub that’s generally hostile toward Apple. 

Apple has done all of the engineering (hardware and software) for all of their displays since before I even remember knowing. Most likely since the first Retina display, or maybe earlier. 

I can also see how it might be hard to wrap your head around the concept that Apple gives their own design to a competitor for manufacturing, but Apple is so protective of their IP that Samsung couldn’t try to copy any aspects of the design even if they wanted to - not to mention, Samsung Displays and Samsung the phones are two entirely separate divisions of the conglomerate known as Samsung. 
>how Samsung does OLED

It's not a Samsung display, it's a Samsung manufactured display. Apple ~~designed~~ developed it in-house. I'm not sure why this is so confusing for people. Samsung Display is just one of the few corporations with the resources needed to manufacture the number of displays Apple needs, so Apple designs and builds prototypes of displays and once they're happy with the engineering, they pass off the design to Samsung to start tooling and then manufacturing. This has been the process for iPhone displays manufactured by Samsung for years. 

Edit: developed is a more accurate word. 
>supplied by Samsung

But entirely designed by Apple. Apple does not say "Hey Samsung, make us a display." Apple designs and builds prototypes in-house, including the panel and the display drivers. Then they go to Samsung, who already owns the machinery necessary to produce displays at volume, and give them the blueprints and tell them exactly what to make, how to make it, and the manufacturing tolerances. 

I wouldn't be surprised if the display in the X is not as good as the S8, but to say that Samsung would not produce a display as good as their own for the iPhone is not accurate. The limiting factor is Apple's engineering experience with OLED devices, not Samsung's ability or willingness to deliver a product. 

(Side note: one review I read noted that the X brightens up to 690 nits).
thats a pretty extreme angle compared to the Pixel 2, and it's still less blue than the Pixel 2 in OP's shot. 
it's an apple designed panel. Samsung just manufactures it. Apple built the prototypes and told Samsung to make it because they have the resources to build those screens at volume already. 
If you set up with a beard or slowly grow a beard it will work fine. Apple specifically called that out in the keynote. Not sure how it will handle it if you shave that beard tho
Yet*. Unless you buy for a $100 premium from Best Buy. 
Been like this since the 7. There is absolutely a difference. My 7 drops to 4G regularly in areas that I know have solid LTE on AT&T. I toggle airplane mode and back and boom, all is well again. 

The chip sucks. 
I’ve heard too many anecdotes about Kevin Spacey’s proclivity for younger men (not underage in any of these stories, but late teens/20s) for this to be the only skeleton in his closet. I don’t think he’s a bad guy either, but I’m certain even drunk 26yo Kevin Spacey could tell that Rapp was quite underage. 

I really like Spacey, but I do think we are going to hear more about him in the future and it isn’t gonna be pretty for his career. I also wouldn’t be surprised if a lot of the ones with whom his actions were consensual come looking for $$$ soon, to sort of “cash in” on it. 
I would expect nothing less of a potato in disguise. :)
I’d like to add one to the list of AT&T users experiencing issues with intel modems.  My phone will often drop randomly to 4G in areas I know LTE is strong, and I’ll have to toggle airplane mode to get it back. I also experience laggy and dropped calls in circumstances that I didn’t with my 5S. 
I don’t wear costumes that often, do I still need to be careful?
Ironic coming from an Auburn fan
y'all according to my ESPN app the betting line for LSU Alabama is even right now

so if anyone wants to make some money you know where to go
i like you but what's up with your flair
So one screen every 2.5 years?

I definitely need AC+ then lol. 
It’s absolutely an iOS 11 issue. My iPhone 7 was recently replaced under AppleCare for damage, and the replacement device is infinitely better after I chose not to restore from a backup. My battery life feels like it has doubled. I no longer have rotation issues. Apps aren’t freezing or killing themselves off in the background anymore. 

The upgrade to iOS 11 was badly done, period. Admittedly I was on the beta first, so that could have some effect, but too many others are having the same issue. 
I woke up at 3:07, got my space grey 256 for launch day pickup and went back to sleep at 3:10. 
I anticipate a very slow adoption here. This will be much more effort than the transition to the iPhone 6/6+ with their higher resolution screens. The aspect ratio change will make this a pretty time consuming process for the developers. 
Only for iUP, doesn’t apply for most carrier programs. Some may allow you to purchase AppleCare monthly though - not certain on that. 
You can contact AppleCare for a prorated refund of your AppleCare+ plan once you don’t want it anymore or sell the device. . 
Yes, on Apple’s website within 30 days of the phone’s purchase (I think - won’t hurt to do it sooner)

Carrier insurance is known to repair devices with lower quality 3rd party parts and issue them as refurbished replacements to consumers. I would highly recommend against carrier insurance for quality reasons. Sometimes Apple will even refuse to service a device that was refurbished by Asurion (AT&T’s provider) because the quality of the refurbs is so low that they don’t want to be blamed for anything else that randomly goes wrong after fixing the device. 
Cannot confirm. A credit check was performed on me last year when I upgraded from the 6S to 7, even though my 6S was on iUP. Unsure whether one was performed this year, but I’ll find out in a few days/weeks when CreditKarma either does or doesn’t show a new inquiry. 
OP, I am onboard with your assessment. With my iPhone 7, I had to toggle airplane mode somewhat regularly to convince my phone to reconnect to LTE in an area I knew connectivity was no problem. It’s very frustrating paying so much for a device on iUP and getting a gimped version compared to the CDMA enabled device. 
Just checked the calendar invite and it had a link to my order. So huzzah for that! 
Our Jobs, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name
So I successfully got through the pre order stuff on the Apple Store app, got to the point of confirming and placing the order and setting a check in window for pickup.... got prompted to add the reservation to my calendar... but nothing shows up in my orders on the app and no confirmation email 

What is happening
Even at the earnings call Apple won’t speak to the number of each type of phone sold. They’ve refused to reveal new iPhone sales numbers for years because its constricted by manufacturing, not by customer desire. 
>can’t really bring myself to give two fucks

That’s my problem too, and why I’m looking around =)

Most of the tech work at THD revolves around products for store support (like those little phones you’ll see HD floor associates using), supply chain, PRO customer support, payment processing, and our services business. None of them are as challenging technologically as .com, although the uptime/reliability challenges do impact most teams. 
My understanding is that top AI/ML researchers are not interested in working at Apple because of the lack of openness. If you look at Google/Facebook/Amazon and even Microsoft, there are volumes of published ML research coming out. But with Apple, there’s the culture of secrecy and the company isn’t particularly fond of its researchers publishing their new developments and findings. 

While their tools for app developers to utilize ML are going to continue to improve, in terms of functionality and capabilities it’s comparing a kid’s power wheels to a Porsche. Unless Apple can really start attracting some talent, that is - which probably won’t happen unless they let people publish. 
I’m not your pal, buddy!
The numbers presented (16% if all iPhone sales in the quarter for the 8, 43% for the 7, 24% for the 6S) seem to vary dramatically, to the point that I wonder where the fuck they’re getting their numbers. 
Will Siri ever not suck? Find out next June!
Hmm...I sure hope not, I ordered the back protector, bumper, and edge to edge tempered glass screen protector last night. 

Then again I don’t have plans to charge wirelessly in the near future so I guess it wouldn’t be the end of the world. 
You are a god among men. 
Hey OP, I PMed you
holy shit that's amazing for atlanta. 
The vast majority of work at THD is not on the website though. 
>not susceptible to competition from Amazon

Not true at all. THD considers Amazon to be its most important competitor. 
You must not have to come down 85 at rush hour. 
Sorry for being off topic, but where are you going to work in Atlanta? I'm looking for gigs here and having a ton of trouble because almost every company either isn't hiring yet, is in a hiring freeze, or just hates my resume... :(
Most of the misinformation I see spreading is anti-Apple

“Facial recognition won’t work in the dark lol Apple sux”

“Removing touchid means your apps can’t be locked like banking stuff”

And yes, Apple is their own technology environment. They do it very well. The Apple ecosystem has a strong pull, and it’s definitely part of why I won’t own a non-Apple phone for the foreseeable future. Are you implying that Samsung phones don’t get hyped or overmarketed? Samsung spends a fortune advertising and hyping their products. You’re also grossly oversimplifying the reason people buy iPhones. 

This was very scattered and unfocused but the point is I don’t think you’re giving the average consumer enough credit for deciding what they want and I think you’re casting a negative light over Apple for using the same marketing techniques and hype more effectively than competitors. I also don’t really see the misinformation argument. 
I’m just struggling to justify spending $150+ just so I can “wirelessly” charge stuff. Cables aren’t that much of a hassle really. 
He’s not asking for proof that Qi was used on phones before. He’s looking for a device that allows charging multiple devices wirelessly, all placed anywhere on the mat that you want. 
I’m with you. The charging case for AirPods will probably be at least $70 (isn’t that what they charge to replace a lost normal case?), then the mat will probably be $100+ knowing Apple. I probably won’t buy one but we’ll see. 
How so? 
Mayfield’s QBR is 91.9.... Barkley’s is 100....

What are you so mad about?
I don’t normally like your kind but I think we can be friends after this comment
I ain’t come to play school so y’all got this week off
How?
No, Elijah is there. We got the whole squad

If a team could win a Heisman for a position we would be killin it at RB. 

And LB for that matter. Roquan Smith, Lorenzo Carter, Davin Bellamy.. lookin good. 

I also got a giggle seeing Blankenship, as if a kicker is gonna win a Heisman
Can I do the pre-approval process for iUP on the iOS Apple Store app and still pick up my phone in-store or will I be forced to choose delivery? I can’t stay home all day waiting on the edge of my seat for the delivery but I can take an hour or two off work to go pick up my new toy at the nearest retail store. 
I can’t even do that with dollars :(
Impacts is correct in multiple ways. Gtfo, failure of a grammar nazi. 
I’d say there’s about a 2% chance the car isn’t covered from bumper to bumper with paint protection film so I don’t think he gives a damn what touches it as long as it isn’t hard enough to gouge through. 
We were first until some mizzou players took a dump on our corners last weekend. 
lol

good luck with that 
Never found out =/

If you do, lmk 
And dubya just killed nine times that. 
There are a few key differences, but the most important is that unlike Trump, Hitler was competent. 
The first episode is honestly atrociously scripted and acted. But it gets much better. Give it one more episode. 
Mediocre at best is giving that episode way too much credit. It is possibly the worst acted and scripted TV I’ve ever watched. 

Episode 2 was quite good though. 
Well I tried that at Facebook yesterday so we'll see how it goes I guess. Haha
Getting jobs where? Doesn't seem to be working for me anywhere I want to work :(. 
Source?
I wore jeans and a long sleeve t shirt to Facebook today. No one looked at me funny or anything and I’m sure it had no impact on my interviews. 
Pls don’t hit Facebook I need them to be in a good mood 
Every offer is negotiable if they want you to work for them. 
LOL. Yes. 

Flaticon.com is your friend. 
If the deadline is too soon ask for extra time. It can’t hurt to ask. 

Always negotiate. “Is this the best offer you can give me?” is an okay way to phrase it, if you can word the sentences around it to not sound douchey. Highlight your skills and how you could help the company. It also helps to ask for specific things - a signing bonus to help with the relocation costs, or a few $k salary “because you took a look at some prospective rental properties and did some budgeting and compared with a few friends who have offers from similar companies”. 
I’ve never been hit with plagiarism. And I have definitely turned in near-identical code as another kid once or twice just with stuff restructured and vars renamed. 
If you like coding to solve puzzles and problems you will probably like working in the software engineering realm. 

While academically, CS includes much more, in the real world of work it is mostly coding and design (of systems, not UI). 
My employer wants us pairing regularly and I just find it so exhausting. As if work wasn’t tiring already now I also have someone judging me as I write, and limiting my few minutes an hour of reddit/texting/etc to decompress? Not my cup of tea for sure haha. Fortunately my manager isn’t really strict on it but I would probably find a new gig ASAP if I had to pair 24/7. Then again I also don’t really connect well with my co workers for the most part. 

But hey, I’m glad you like it! Best of luck. I do enjoy Pivotal’s products quite a bit - we’re probably one of their biggest clients I think. 
Berkeley is basically the best you can get if Stanford/MIT aren't options because private/out of state.

https://www.usnews.com/best-graduate-schools/top-science-schools/computer-science-rankings

Yes it says grad school, but grad and undergrad are tightly related. 
Good luck buddy. Always work harder than the guy next to you. Unless you’re wicked smart I guess

Oh, and get the CS degree from a good school. It isn’t a requirement but it’s much much easier. 
School isn’t hard dude. Don’t be a condescending prick. 
CS degree. Get a job at a big 4. Move up. Over 350k isn’t unheard of after 3-5 years if you make the right moves and get lucky with your company’s stock value. 
Not necessarily. Emails get lost sometimes. This is definitely the busy season for recruiters too. If it’s been more than 3-4 business days I would just try again. 
I’m just thinking I wasn’t quite great in the technical interviews and if they’ve almost filled up, only the exceptional candidates will make it... or maybe that’s the wrong way to look at it? 

I dunno. I guess I’ll keep my fingers crossed. 
Contacted your recruiter? 
Well fuck, I just had my onsite today. They said expect 2-3 weeks for a decision but I have a deadline of the 31st... does that basically mean I have no chance?
You do know they do 100% pair programming right? 🤢

Sorry I don’t have anything constructive to offer, I just don’t understand how people do pair programming constantly. 
Just had my Facebook onsite... y’all, I really underprepared for tree questions :(
That’s not true. Bay Area is roughly 1.6-1.8x more overall, SF is like 1.9-2.1x though. Tech salaries for major companies (FB/Google/MS/AMZN/etc) tend to be 2.2- 2.5x at the entry level and they scale VERY favorably compared to the Atlanta area as you progress through the ranks. 

Source: Atlanta worker. Currently in the bay for an interview tomorrow with one of the aforementioned. 
I don’t...? Why?
That was one of my concerns as well - giving the impression that I’m intentionally clueing them in on my status as a protected class. 

As far as attire appropriateness...well it’s a big 4. Their email said “you’ll find most of us in jeans and t shirts, but feel free to dress business casual if it suits you”. So I’m wearing jeans and a long sleeve non-dress shirt. I had already gotten past the point of questioning formalness of attire when I realized that I maybe shouldn’t wear the watch band. 
LOL now I want my watch to pop out a bird hourly so thanks. It’s just the Apple Watch official Pride band so it isn’t too ‘in your face’ or anything. 
Airbnb gave me a set of practice hackerranks and Facebook has their own site full of resources. Both also just recommended Cracking the Coding Interview. 
Obviously not. I know the general company culture at the particular company I’m interviewing at wouldn’t care at all. But every company, especially one this large, will have a few employees that are intolerant assholes. 

I’m more concerned with interview etiquette really. Like it would most likely be inappropriate for me to bring up the fact that I’m gay during an interview, and this watch band basically does just that.
I would ask, and phrase it along the lines of “do you have any particular resources or topics you recommend for applicants to brush up on?
Hatin’ Ass Spurrier on CGD would be everything I didn’t know I needed in my life.
Dat flair... haha

Fuck Spurrier though
The biggest problem is that there is just too much that a voter needs to know in order to vote well. It is indubitably a full time job (and then some). A direct democracy wouldn’t work simply because legislating things is complicated in today’s globalized society. In fact, a direct democracy would be even more disastrous than it was for Athens in Ancient Greece. 
Ann Coulter?!
Well... you’re actually kinda wrong there. Being transgendered *is* in the DSM currently, and treatments exist ranging from hormone therapy to full blown sex change operations. 

There is no “cure”, per sé, but the treatment involves ensuring a person is as comfortable with their body as we can make them within the bounds of medicine (and their wallets). 

Not to say that I disagree - it certainly is a load of shit, but there are still costs associated with supporting transgendered servicepeople. They’re just dwarfed by the costs of supporting pretty much any other medical conditions the military doesn’t care about. 
Should people with erectile dysfunction be banned? They are significantly more expensive...
>For internal purposes, warranty =/= CPO, so they have different covered items.

Well that's frustrating... Why is that? Why are sales guys allowed to sell a CPO car saying that it is "an extension of the factory warranty to 6 years/100k miles" when that's not the case? 
That is wonderfully helpful. If my car is under the 6/100k CPO warranty (as well as the maintenance program), this *should* also be covered as well then, right? Would the measurement/diagnosis also be covered under warranty? 

Do you have any suggestions on how to go about convincing my dealership to cover it under warranty? To be honest I have no clue what I'm doing, and I'm thinking that "sound unhappy" is a not going to be a good enough strategy when the service manager at my dealership already told me that "warped rotors aren't covered" when I described the problem to him. 
He already tried to ban trans people from the military. Not sure how that actually went - last I heard the military was waiting on “an independent study”. 

So he’s working on it, no doubt. 
So Trump is undoubtedly hard at work looking for ways to reverse it. 
Rich coming from a Tesla driver
The S came first... the C and E should be different imo. 
No shit Sherlock. I’m asking if the second hand prices are going to experience a sudden drop like when a new phone is released. 
Bad bot
I guess I should’ve been more specific in my title. I’m talking about used prices. 
I’m kind of predicting a flood of iPhone 7s hitting the market when the X is available. Supply and demand would seem to dictate that it will drop in price, yes?
October 28th*, you mean?
That might be easier to notice. I will say that it seems very connected to the amount of braking force — then again, the same applies to the amount of force on the front suspension components under varied braking forces I guess. 
I haven’t noticed it when lifting off the throttle. I’ll look out for that in the morning to be sure though! Thanks for the info. 
Wait so which is it?
Any examples?
Anything but Eason with another INT
Goggles is always money
:(
I’d like to keep it that way
That laughter is the calm before the storm 
We also let one guy walk away our corner like usain bolt on a turtle and score two 50+ yard TD passes from one of the worst passers we’ve played against. 

Also lol @ “on fucking weed”
Math is hard
Don’t worry we used them
Lol what? A dude plowed into him after whistles had been blowing for well over a full second. Just because he didn’t try to stay on his feet doesn’t mean it wasn’t an obvious late hit. 
What the fuck is up with Cam
😭
He’s so streaky. Three games before this he combined at like 85%. Two before that (and tonight) it’s more like 55%. 
Carolina is the most disciplined (or least penalized, at least) team in the league. 

Low penalties isn’t new for them. 
Oh look they didn’t hit Carson Wentz after the whistles were blown 

Novel concept 
Ah. 

Yeah idk. Definitely not enough on camera to overturn the call on the field. But it ended up not mattering I guess
But how

They blew the whistle
...they did
Uh. What?
That is my favorite! Ever since I got my car, when I drive cars with the traditional shifters but still pushbutton starters, I have stopped and turned the car off multiple times without actually putting it in park. 
Well that just seems like a bad idea. 
How sure are you? I’m scared to try lol
Me too! I really hope not. The button wouldn’t be *that* hard to hit by accident. 
My car has one of those fancy shifters that BMW uses for their dual clutch and now also for their ZF 8AT transmissions. Basically, push the button and push forward for reverse, pull for drive, and there’s a button for park.

If I press park while I’m going 2-3mph, it engages park with no qualms. If I tried this at 20 (or much faster), would the car still try to go into park and then catastrophically destroy everything?
That's fair. I didn't quite realize how young the program was I suppose. Still, there should be some information on dropout rates and passing rates and stuff like that, right?

>I understand your logic here, but also consider this degree is more targeted for working professionals. Try not to feel rushed. You would be surprised how much more meaningful knowledge is after a couple of years of professional work under your belt.

I may be better off gunning for my master's later, but honestly I want it to make up for my undergrad degree, which comes from a school with no prestige in the computer science realm. I've also been working in the field for about a year and a half now, so I'd like to think I have some of that professional work under my belt already. 

I'd also like to get into more interesting work (AI/ML, computer vision, etc), which an M.S. seems damn near required for it seems like. 
> i think the dropout rate stats will have more to do with people losing motivation or not wanting to spend time on the program, rather than not being able to keep up with the difficulty.

I feel like losing motivation/not wanting to spend time on the coursework really aren't far from not being able to keep up with the difficulty. A co-worker started the program a couple semesters back and talked about how hard it was to keep up with because he has kids/commitments. While I'm sure he could have done it if he really wanted to (to the point that he would've had to give up some time with his kids etc), it was still "too difficult" to keep up with, even though our employer pays the tuition in full. 

I'm just hoping that sort of thing isn't going to happen to me. I don't have the same level of responsibilities as a full fledged adult, but I certainly could see myself thinking "damn, is it really worth all this work?"
That’s good news! Is the battery life any better? That’s my other major iOS11 complaint in my non-plus 7. 
If you want to fill space and don’t have anything else, no project is too lame to put on a resume. As long as you have something it helps quantify your skills section. 

I would put the internships at the top in spite of the conventional advice, but there are differing philosophies here. To me, a resume is what you want the employer to know in order from most important to least important. The further down your resume it is the less likely it is to be read. 
I hope not because I have the same “problem”. I haven’t found it to be a particular detriment but I also haven’t done that many interviews. 
You don’t have to describe the site or the information on it or the client to describe the work you did. 
I would probably base my decision on which company has a better plan to become profitable or at the very least stay afloat and pay my salary until I plan to move on. 

Early stage startups scare me. 
Amazon has hit me up multiple times via LinkedIn, but only for these group interview hiring event things, all of which were for FTE positions while I was still looking for internships. 
How long does an FB promotion usually take from university grad to the next level? How much extra $$$ is it to the second level?
Nice. U-Day? What were your questions like? My phone screen seemed really easy, feels like I got in just from dumb luck basically. 
Tagging to remind myself to check this later. Thank you!
I have an FB on-site next week for a university grad position... any particular tips? What do most people wear? 
That’s what they do for FaceID. For TouchID it’s considered confirmation to rest your finger on the TouchID sensor. 
Correct. [Saw an article on ESPN the other day](http://www.espn.com/blog/carolina-panthers/post/_/id/27367/how-a-200-device-is-providing-hope-in-reducing-brain-injury), it's an experimental device that somehow effects bloodflow into the brain such that a concussion is less likely (I think potentially increasing bloodflow so the brain has a larger "cushion"?). I think the device was based on how woodpeckers manage to avoid concussions. 

Sounds kinda like a crock of shit to me, but hey if it works I'll eat my words. 

edit: added article. 
That 2nd facemask and that PI call in the endzone were a bit much....
James Corden is a hottie tbh. So tell your friends they can fuck right off with their opinions about who you want to stick your dick into (or vice versa I guess)
Not OP but similar tastes. Mutual attraction isn’t the only component to a relationship, and losing attraction to a guy who loses weight would be hard for me personally. I’m all about the face (not sure if OP has said the same). So unless you lose so much weight that you’re kinda weirdly skinny and your facial structure changes dramatically I wouldn’t even lose the attraction. 

But moreover, if we’ve been dating long enough for it to matter I would’ve developed feelings for you, which also magically makes you more attractive to me regardless of how attracted I would be to you if I saw you walking down the street and didn’t know you. 

tl;dr no, unless you lost so much that your face looked really different AND we hadn’t been together long enough for me to catch major feels. 
Optimism, I like it!
/u/Richtatorship pls
Someone wants that almost-quality almost-loss
We are probably going to get demolished in the SECCG but I do hope we at least make it interesting. 

Plus if the Big 12 and PAC 12 keep cannibalizing we may end up with two SEC teams in the playoffs even though the rest of the SEC is literally a dumpster fire  
That’s SEC-W...
Maybe we are just good? I’m really beginning to wonder
Visibility is much better out of a mustang. Ford has not bought into the high-beltline short-window design language that the camaro and some other GM vehicles went for. 
Capital One’s T&C will say that they give your information to “their partners”. Which includes credit bureaus. Then credit bureaus take that info and all other information given to them from other creditors and build a credit profile of you, which they sell to other companies who are considering giving you any sort of credit. 
Wait are you saying you pissed yourself or you imagine yourself doing Justin fields? 
I just can’t fathom why they opted against this route. 
What about buttery males?
He edited his post. It was previously an attempt to correct the OP. 
You’re reading it wrong then. 

Edit: above edited his comment and now I look like a dumbass but it was originally a (bad) attempt to correct the OP. 
That’s simply not true. 

Again, 1-800-273-8255 if you’re serious you should talk to someone. Don’t do anything rash. I’m not going to respond anymore but to say that you need to speak with a professional, probably on a semi-regular basis, who can help you decouple your sense of self worth from your career. Work to live, don’t live to work. 
With that attitude you definitely don’t have a chance. Study hard, practice with other people, hang out with people who already are where you want to be (in terms of knowledge/technical skill at least if their actual job isn’t it).

You also just need a little bit of luck - getting the right interviewer and questions and such. 

Also not sure if serious but 1-800-273-8255, please don’t make a permanent action to solve a temporary problem.   
I’m sure there are regular IQ guys at the big 4. 

But probably not many though
wow. That's pretty ridiculous. >:(

Thanks for the fix!
We were already financially stable, and the stock market was trending up already. Trump, to my knowledge, has done nothing significant to effect change in this realm, unless you’re saying that just by being president he is helping the economy. 
100% agreed. The physics in this game are kind of frustrating and while I feel the AI has gotten less so since Friday, it is also kind of frustrating. 

I have a boat load of cars and am tier 4 in the car-purchase-unlock system. All I’ve really done is choose the car reward every time I level up because it helps me get to the higher reward. 

The mod cards provide way more money than assists ever did. For 20k CR I get 5(?) mod cards, usually with 3 uses each, most of which give me at least +30% CR for simply not using assisted braking or steering. Choose three mods in that range and I’m at +100% CR, way more than the ~45% I got in FM6 from assists. 
Well they also showed it on TV like 5 mins ago
I’m not :(

I still get flashbacks to 2012
If Ole Miss scores a TD, UGA will be ahead of Alabama in points allowed on the season. A FG ties the stat. 

\#shitpost
I think Butch Jones probably got fired over the radio some time in the middle of the 4th quarter. 
So much for that not-getting-shut-out streak, eh?
So much for that not-getting-shut-out streak, Tennessee
Butch Jones was probably fired over the radio some time in the 4th quarter 
Why you gotta do him like that? Goggles is good people. Good people!
This is a pretty good game imo :)
Nothing so far. Hopefully we’ll hear some good news at halftime. 
Anywhere but the SEC and I’m fine. He deserves a good pro style offense and to see good playing time. 
Don’t be, I’m sure we will find a way to Georgia up this season. 
Optimism = SEC Championship 

Cautious = we get demolished, but not totally embarrassed. 
Man I can’t wait to lose 38-13 to Alabama in the SEC Championship in a couple months. 
Damn son, that was like 8 yards after contact
Careful there. *knocks on wood*
Man, Neyland’s field is the fucking worst. Down two players today already. 
Naw our defense is just really good this year. 

But I’m sure that helps. 
Is it the commercials or the dropped passes or the front 7 letting multiple 5+ yard runs on first down?
I’m so surprised. 
“that Georgia defense” is my new favorite phrase. 
Wow you’re not an asshole or anything 
You need better friends if you don’t get to sit around having milk and cookies with friends sometimes. 
It is always a good time to be on AAPL
worth itttt
Just so you know, when referring to status it is spelled "cachet". 

English is dumb. 
failure to control and reckless driving generally only apply on public roads. Otherwise every racetrack would be illegal to drive on. 
I’ll test this later with my boyfriend’s new Audi and report back. 
If OP is in America, only the 2018 Audi R8 and 2018 BMW i8 can ship with laser headlights currently, both for a hefty option price tag IIRC. So that's probably not the case. 
Neer seen an X band that was a valid threat. I have RARELY seen K bands. 90% of the time my radar goes off for a valid threat it's Ka band and it's attached to the cop's vehicle. The other 10% it's LIDAR. There's also some overlap because the cops in my area seem to be stupid, and leave their vehicle's radars on while stopped on the side of the road to laser people. 

But including non-threats, 75% of the time my radar goes off it's an Acura, Honda, or Chrysler Pacifica with traffic sensors. 
Gotcha. Sorry, when I first read your comment I just couldn’t tell if you were conflating leatherette and Alcantara. 
Alcantara and leatherette are different things. I can’t tell if that’s what you’re trying to say or something else, just wanted to clarify for anyone who doesn’t already know. Alcantara is a faux-suede material that’s lightweight and wears better, and feels essentially the same. Leatherette is a faux-leather material that looks like leather at a glance but doesn’t feel anywhere near as nice as leather. Again, leatherette materials such as MBTex and Sensatec (BMW’s offering) wear better than real leather. 
The car or the phone? :P

Looks like you need a flair update! Boyfriend just got a new S5, we both love it. Any mods planned for it?
I doubt it. Google wants to maintain the appearance that they care about your privacy to the average consumer. They will avoid marketing this data to you because they want you to think they are listening to you, and will use the data they collect to stop serving similar ads to other users to keep people from knowing just how much info google has on you. 
I wish I knew. 
Yeah Jake Fromm Statefarm, what are you wearing?

“Uhh... silver britches?”
Don’t curse us like that 😥
Do y’all think Kirby has broken the news to Eason that injury isn’t the only reason he’s not playing? 
Oklahoma and penn state both barely won their games against unranked teams. 

Not that I want to be ranked top 10, historically the hype train is bad for Georgia. 
I think Fromm won the starting position in the first two games tbh. 
:(
not fumble*
Zerohedge is perhaps the least credible source in existence. 
Possible that 1 bar is equal to 2 dots - we went from 5 dots to 4 bars. 
Hillary Clinton is a criminal confirmed

Donald Trump peed on hookers confirmed

You can get pergant from peeing in public bathroom confirmed
New iPhones being released causes people to search for “iPhone slow” sounds a lot more likely than “Apple intentionally makes iPhones slower”

Oh look, a new iPhone was released. Mine *has* been running kind of slow lately... I wonder if there’s a fix for that....

*googles*

Darn, I guess I’ll just have to buy a new one!
I’m almost certain this is the case. We should also examine the search times relative to the release of a new iOS rather than relative to the release date of a new phone. While close together, these are not the same dates. 
I noticed this as well! I actually do tend to use my watch as a flashlight sometimes, so this will definitely come in handy. 
Well if they’re calculating free space that way then they are probably also calculating storage consumed that way, so there shouldn’t be a huge jump in free space unless there actually is more space on the device.  
http://thewirecutter.com/blog/what-you-should-and-shouldnt-do-to-extend-your-phones-battery-life/#myth-turn-off-wi-fi

https://www.androidcentral.com/shutting-wi-fi-it-worth-it

> Wifi will instantly connect when in range, and while out of range, it (usually) **sips** a small amount of battery looking for a network
******
>Myth: Turn off Wi-Fi

>A similarly common suggestion for extending battery life is to disable Wi-Fi.
Because it doesn’t. Actually *using* WiFi to stream data uses a fair amount of battery, but the chip passively checking for broadcasts from local networks takes almost none. 
[citation needed]
100 times a day?! That's a bit excessive, don't you think?
they dropped the middle option but priced the top option lower. If the extra $50 is that big of a deal you probably shouldn’t be purchasing an iPhone, don’t you think?
The OP said "any more". Implying that no one plugs an iOS device into a computer and no one has for a long time. That's simply not true. 
Yep! Very excited to upgrade once our app's dependencies are updated. 
Software engineers who have to test their code...
It wouldn’t make sense to go proprietary. If they go for an open standard more places will adopt distance charging tech, like how airports/planes and some coffee shops have USB ports to charge stuff. 
Beamforming can partially mitigate the hurdle of the inverse square law. Obviously it won’t be perfect but it won’t be unusable. 
Better than last year when we pretty much didn't have an o-line. We do have the smallest OL in the SEC if I remember my random on-screen factoids from the last game correctly. 
Because Vegas doesn't care that much. 
and also because they just make a ridiculous amount of money
Click level: moderate risk
TOMPEG...PEGTOM.... Tom Cruise...

I KNEW IT! Tom Cruise is a fudge packer!
I didn’t say he did badly, I just said Fromm is doing better. Our o-line is definitely much improved though. 
Of course we are. Fromm is producing way better than Eason did last year. 
Wait so you didn’t mean it was a child
Dawgs*


*forcibly snuggles Jake Fromm*
Wait, do you mean offensive or offensive?
If you’re gonna put it on Turo be damn sure your insurance will cover anything just in case Turo tries to pull some shit on you or the customer opts out of the higher coverage and can’t pay for some damages.

You can put it on Turo for significantly less than someone can rent it at a rental place for, and some people just prefer not to deal with enterprise et al. If you rent it out cheap it may not cover the full cost of the lease, but it’s better than nothing. 
Not realizing your lights are off and driving around at night is outrageously dangerous. That is much worse than driving  around with high beams on. 
But you could just get an iPhone 7/8 if iOS was the defining criteria. 
Plssssssssssssss no
Sure, I’ll give you that. They do the same operations, but the test is forced into using those particular operations because ARM is the lowest common denominator. The x86 chip can do more complex operations in one clock cycle that would require many operations to complete on an ARM CPU. That’s why you see these benchmarks claiming that the two chips are comparable but no one is using ARM chips in real computers. An ARM CPU has no chance of running complex video or photo editing software even half as well as an x86 chip. 
Multiple studies have indicated that insurance prices were heading through the roof regardless of Obamacare, and some have even shown that the ACA has reduced the growth of insurance rates compared to what analysts were expecting under the previous “system”. 
"adequate" isn't the right word there.
Plus models are 401ppi...
human stupidity...?
The screen is very obviously irrelevant in comparing music playback and talk times. So no, the battery could not be bigger, smaller, or the same size. It must be bigger, otherwise iPhone X would have lower talk time and music playback time since it's running the same internals (3GB RAM, A11 Bionic chip, etc)
>For some odd reason

That's because the 7/+, 8/+, and now X are using Intel modems rather than Qualcomm. The Intel modems are pretty crappy comparatively, because Qualcomm basically set the standard for the wireless tech in use and Intel is a relatively new competitor in that space.
Something is wrong with your 7+. 
Posting this again....If the A11 was the sole reason that battery was drastically improved in the iPhone X, then the iPhone 7 would benefit from the same improved battery life. iPhone 8's battery life is rated "about the same as iPhone 7" on Apple's tech specs website.

Comparing the tech specs, you'll see that for activities that don't have the screen on (music playback, talk time), iPhone X lasts the same as iPhone 8+ (60 hours and 14 hours, respectively). This seems to imply that the battery in iPhone X is similarly sized to the battery in iPhone 8+ despite the phone itself being similar in size to the iPhone 7. 
If the A11 was the sole reason that battery was drastically improved in the iPhone X, then the iPhone 8 would benefit from the same improved battery life. iPhone 8's battery life is rated "about the same as iPhone 7" on Apple's tech specs website.

Comparing the tech specs, you'll see that for activities that don't have the screen on (music playback, talk time), iPhone X lasts the same as iPhone 8+ (60 hours and 14 hours, respectively). This seems to imply that the battery in iPhone X is similarly sized to the battery in iPhone 8+ despite the phone itself being similar in size to the iPhone 7. 
yes, how did you know
256GB is $1149. 64GB is $999
invisible dots. It's an infrared projector. 
I know VZW does wearables for $5
Buttons other than home just snooze the alarm. Home stops the alarm though. 
I'm in the US and have two credit checks on my Equifax report for the iUP program. 
I’d assume 500 because 8.3m * 60fps =~ 500m/s.  But 24fps would likely be the frame rate of such a stream, so more like 200m
👊🏼
I thought we would beat you last year too and look where that got me. 
Our OL is awful? It looked pretty damn good tonight compared to last year...
>organized crime syndicates

Wat
Buttery males!
What if they had a hologram of Steve come in and do the one more thing?
THANK YOU STRANGER/FRIEND!

TOO BAD NO ONE IN ATLANTA CAN GIVE ME A CALLBACK
I HAD A HACKERRANK FOR AIRBNB AND FAILED FUCKING MISERABLY

AND LESS THAN 3 MINUTES AFTER TIME EXPIRED I REALIZED I WAS TRACKING THE INDEXES WRONG AND AFTER THAT WAS FIXED IT WORKED PERFECTLY

GOD DAMNIT I WAS SO CLOSE TO PASSING PERFECTLY
Atlanta??!? Wow. 
>VAG at the top

Especially when it comes to emissions. Crazy how good their diesels are!
It sounded like the mod of that sub was an employee of that company. 
With a small number like $6000 it might be up front. Many companies offer a multi year package of some sort where you get 25% of your shares each year or something like that, but I wouldn’t expect that to be the case with only 6k in stock really. 
Restricted stock units. A company can give part of your compensation as stock, often in the form of RSUs. 1 RSU = 1 share of public stock. Often you get a large stock “grant” which “vests” over a certain period. So you might get 50 shares of stock over 4 years with a 10/20/30/40 vesting schedule, meaning after the first year you are entitled to 10% of your shares (5 shares), second 20% (10), third 30% (15), fourth 40% (20). Once a share vests it is yours to keep or sell as you please. 
(# RSU) * (current stock price) = total value of stock

multiply by vesting percentage to get yearly amounts. 
Airbnb? (pm)
Good luck with those RSUs. Could make you a rich motherfucker if you stay through that last year and get a nice refresher. 
Lots of posts are deleted by automod for mentioning a big 4 company outside of the dedicated big 4 threads. Comments aren't usually prone to this issue but it's become commonplace to refer to certain companies cryptically. 
AMA question if you’re a dude: how much smaller has your dick gotten since you got fat? I mean if you don’t push your fat out of the way for the measurement.
So will increase the likelihood that challenges against other gerrymandered districts will succeed. That doesn’t sound so useful though, does it? It just means that redistricting will occur as close as possible to elections to ensure the challenges can’t be processed in time for the districts to be fixed before the election...

Or maybe I’m just too cynical. 
What are we expecting the Supreme Court to rule on, exactly? As I understand it, the challenge before the court is specifically that the districts in Wisconsin are gerrymandered in a very partisan way. The court might not even make a decision beyond condemning or supporting the specific district lines in Wisconsin, right? 

Is the court expected to go beyond this case and rule on gerrymandering as a practice across the country? Can they even make that ruling? I would expect that districting reform would have to be put in place by the legislature rather than the courts, wouldn't it?
>I’m different to the typical user

Again, hence “most people”. 
Can I haggle with the Apple dealership?
Well, I wouldn't say that's an invalid argument... but iPhones (and laptops) can be used to actually create value for many people (business uses, for example). That can't be said for shoes in most cases. Of course, the same can be said for cheaper laptops and cell phones, so in all fairness it's not a particularly valid argument. 

OTOH, good shoes can help save you from costly surgeries and other medical costs later in life, so there's that to consider as well. Really, we're all just here to justify spending rather silly amounts of money on electronics just to have the coolest and latest and greatest toys. 

So basically if it makes you happy and you can afford it, buy it. 
who says we have to cut anything out to buy the new iPhone? 
Hence “for most people”. 
>arguably more utility

how much do you use your phone per day? how much do you use your macbook?

I think "arguably" is even a stretch for most people. 
I'm betting on somewhere between "astronomical" and "wtf" for replacement price on the iPhone 8XEdition's OLED screen. 
But if you use it every year and use both accidental damage allowances every year you've saved the price of several phones. 
Or when your customer base *is* lawyers.
Don't forget, dat pretty much forced the toddler to shoot their sibling. It's not like they did it of their own accord. 
Fuck this gay earth is an ancient phrase (in Internet time). As a card carrying gay, I’ll allow it. 
I feel like there’s a good chance that should be a let constant....
Once I ate the last cookie but told my mom it was my brother...

Let the public shaming begin I guess
No, you don’t. 

Every apartment building in my college town has one of these. It’s just a box at the gate, and you select the tenant’s name from the list then it calls the tenant’s cell phone and they have to press a button to open the gate. 
LSD is not chemically addictive. On par with weed, or possibly even better in terms of addiction potential (due to difficulty of access and price relative to weed, and severe tolerance buildup). Though it is certainly quite enjoyable, I don’t think it’s a drug people really get *addicted* to in the typical sense of the word. 

I haven’t tried shrooms or salvia but my time in LSD has been extremely enjoyable when I didn’t overdo it and take more than I should’ve. Life feels much more vibrant, music sounds absolutely heavenly, and every thought feels like a grand revelation. The visuals can be incredible. 

It’s also very easy to have a bad time, so be certain of your dosage and don’t take too much, and ALWAYS have a sober trip sitter who preferably has some experience using and/or handling people on delicate psychedelics. You can go from great to scary real quick if you’re not careful. 

Overall I highly recommend LSD to anyone who is in a good place in their lives, but it certainly isn’t for people with mental health issues (depression, severe anxiety, bipolar disorder etc) because those can easily exacerbate the negative effects of psychedelics. 
I’m so hesitant to give us credit after getting burned for so many years but today we actually looked like a decent, cohesive team for the first time in a while. 

I can only hope that is because we were good and not just that App State isn’t a particularly high caliber team. 
No
At this rate he could be healed up by the second half and he‘s still be out...
Dat flair
Left knee injury
Me too, remind me in 4 months
Last year wasn’t too early tbh
Minus a veteran center 
Welp. So far they were right. 
Plot twist: you weren’t a student. 
I wouldn’t be so sure. I’ve been with my boyfriend for almost 3 years now. From Tinder. 
M, based on the comment history. 
That’s nothing. Try 11. 

It was a long night. 
I have the regular 7, not the Plus - they are too large for me to carry and use comfortably, unfortunately. 
🙌🏼
>openly racist cops don’t last

Except when their form of racism manifests as shooting black people I guess 
>actual funny jokes

High Sierra puns notwithstanding, I hope. 
Siri pls stop sucking 
Pretty much this. My mom texted me the other day telling me that I should watch disjointed and it was absolutely hilarious. 

I don’t really listen to her advice on TV anyways, but after seeing this thread I definitely won’t bother. 
No they didn’t... they weren’t even nominated for rock album of the year. They were nominated with “Heathens” for best rock song and best rock performance though. They did not win in either category.
21p is alternative/pop/hip hop. I didn't know people referred to them as a rock band... but that just seems silly. 
Bit of a risky click
> It would appear that Apple will delay the launch of the iPhone 8 wireless charging feature until the rollout of iOS 11

I stopped reading here because the author clearly doesn’t have any clue about Apple products. The iPhone 8 will ship with iOS 11... what the hell is this guy talking about?
Ah. I guess what I get for not bothering to RTFA, I did not see that it was filed in 2015. 
They would allow companies to produce it for them before filing a patent? That just seems like asking for someone to jack it...
Bit late for that now isn’t it? 
If you disconnect them they stop actively searching for new networks for some period of time. WiFi/BT also have almost no effect on battery life. But keep finding things to complain about though buddy
Obviously I’m assuming that Apple will not disappoint with the HomePod. The tech in that speaker is quite impressive and by all accounts from those who know much more than I, it should slot somewhere between the play:3 and play:5 in terms of audio quality. 
That’s true, but realistically I only use Spotify.
I would be more surprised if they didn’t. I use my Sonos for music almost as much as TV/Movies. It’s a logical progression after the HomePod. 
That’s one of my if conditions for switching from Sonos to the HomePod/Apple Music ecosystem. 

I don’t particularly like Apple Music, and much prefer Spotify. The curated playlists, playlist/artist/album/song radio stations, and sharing/social features on Spotify are what keep me there. The UI is a little bit better on Spotify for the important stuff as well imo; I find it easier/more intuitive get to an artist or album page from pretty much anywhere I expect, queue and save music, download music for offline use, etc. 
I would consider replacing my Sonos products once Apple has the equivalent 5.1 solution available IF their ecosystem is superior, Apple Music is finally better than Spotify in terms of UX and music finding (better and larger curated/shared playlists), and the cost to upgrade is somewhat reasonable.

I could see this happening in 2-3 years, but certainly not soon. 
The last report I saw said 128, 256, 512. Not sure on sourcing though. 
>background all black

Who says they aren’t doing that? 
Hive mind at work. Started out downvoted and never recovered. 
Well that’s just unnecessarily aggressive. 
You’re being pedantic here, you know that /u/dreviore meant the actual music. 
The scorecard is not quite complete on that one I don’t think. 
its*. It’s = “it is”, its = possessive. Just so you know.  
But you don’t drive a subaru?????
Hijacking a higher comment thread... As much as I like that spelling, it’s monocoque*.
Didn’t bother to watch... isn’t it just that human reaction time and driving ability has a cap just like the capabilities of cars?
I’m almost 23, I’ve had my license for over 6 years, have a class B CDL, and have (a little bit of) experience on a track. My mom still flips the fuck out when she has to ride with me. She doesn’t understand that cars feel different from the passenger seat. Nor does she understand that sports cars can do a lot more than her minivan. Nor does she seem to understand that I’m a quite capable driver. 

It’s pretty funny though so now I just fuck with her when she has to ride with me. Either she will get used to it or stop riding! 
>Best driver’s sedan

I think the Giulia would like a word. 
Fuck that sentiment. Plenty of very wealthy people are also philanthropic and generally good people.
Can you still fit a tube of toothpaste in the panel gap though? /u/DougDeMuro pls
Yep, has to be coded. 
Newer than most of what’s here, I think the A/S/RS7 have aged very badly in just the few years they’ve been out. That style was badass when I first saw it and I drooled over it but today it just looks... meh
Absolutely! On an older BMW a PPI for $150 will save you thousands from buying the wrong car that has been mistreated or badly maintained. Find a local indie mechanic that specializes in BMWs. I’ve had good luck with https://www.bimmershops.com. 
At 250k it has almost certainly been thrashed at some point in its existence. But cars are made to be driven. If it has good maintenance history at least for recent years I wouldn’t worry about it. Get a pre purchase inspection as well, to reveal anything that is already wrong or may be coming up. That could save you thousands easily on an older BMW. 
I wasn’t making any claims about reliability. The smoothness and overall feel of a BMW I6 can’t be beat. And the F30’s N55 was much more reliable, but that’s still out of scope here. 
Not relevant. The time (3.3s) was achieved with an AWD. No one cares about drift mode for a 0-60. 
BMW is second only to Porsche in how they underrate their engines (and 0-60 times). 

Though Porsche has really upped the game with the 718s and 991.2s. 
My car was rated for 5 and does it in 4.6. The M3 is rated at 4 and does it in 3.8 

Do we get to pick the type of sock?
Does the A8 have a big ol engine option? 

Edit: A8 L W12 runs 500ish. 

So yes, but not *that* much power. 
Isn’t the Supra the twin of the new Z4? I would be shocked if BMW, known for their impeccable turbo I6es, allowed a V6 instead. 
neither BMW nor Toyota has an 8-speed DCT, and BMW seems to be phasing out the DCT because it is too expensive to justify with how quick the ZF 8 speed can be. 
Uh... no? Not at all... what makes you say that?
It doesn’t matter that the engine volume increased. There was a Mustang GT, then there was a much, much faster and more capable Mustang GT at a similar price.
You need lots of pictures of a face to make an accurate enough 3D model of the face, and you need it to be the right temperature for IR sensors, and according to some rumors you will need it to blink or something. 

Not to mention, if the device has been rebooted or hasn’t been unlocked in a while, you’d need the passcode first. 
Supposedly the sensor will be infrared, so you will need to not only get the 3D face details correct but you will also need it to be the proper temperature etc... many are also speculating that some sort of action will be required, like “blink twice to unlock”. 

If someone has access to your Facebook photos they can probably get your fingerprint somehow. 
Hold on, let me grab my crystal ball...
The quality and robustness of face unlocking on an existing iDevice with a jailbreak tweak literally cannot satisfy Apple’s requirements for such a feature to ship on production devices. Which is why there is an infrared sensor on the new iPhone that will come with FaceID. 

I’m not saying all jailbreak tweaks are low quality. Many are great, and Apple has indeed adopted many of them as iOS has evolved. I’m saying the quality of currently available solutions for *this specific tweak* isn’t there yet. 
Not sure. It wouldn’t surprise me to know that they are making improvements to AirPlay with the new HomePod coming out soon. 
Apple doesn’t really buy Samsung’s panels. They rent Samsung’s manufacturing line, hand Samsung a product design, and tell them to make it in volume. 
The iPhone 7 does this as well. Not sure what the number is in nits though. Check the Anandtech review for more info. 
You think Apple is going to go with jailbreak tweak level functionality on a new device with new hardware specially designed for FaceID?
Yes, and this sensor is a part of the camera array on iPhone 8
Most likely uses the same process as airdrop, using Bluetooth to negotiate an ad-hoc WiFi network between the devices. So it is still using WiFi, but your router and home internet are not involved. The connection is directly between your phone and Apple TV
Right, but again... crucifying then publicly doesn’t take any of their customers away. It’s even worse than Comcast. 
By ‘day’ I mean until 5pm. My phone often requires charging by 3-5pm depending on the day. 
That looks pretty bad to me, OP. I've had my 7 (non+) since release day and I am showing 8% wear with that app. I'm a fairly heavy user; my phone usually hits the 10% range by the end of the day and often requires charging to get me through until the night, when I charge overnight. I charge it every time I am in the car and twice a week since I got the phone, I have a ~4 hour round trip commute during which the phone stays plugged in (and usually my battery is at 100% for the majority of the commute), so unless they did some serious battery improving on the 7 this looks kind of low to me. 
Damn. One of 5. I see why it was on a trailer then haha
>one less nipple and a few loose screws

Wow, this show must take some fucking WILD turns after season 1 when I stopped watching. 
Funny story... I was at a concert in Atlanta (at the Tabernacle) and after the second song some guy game up on stage and told the lead singer something. We were all like “who is this dude?” 

We were then told to exit the building in an orderly fashion. Evidently we broke the floor when we rushed the stage and jumped for the first song. 
You’ll get there. Everyone gets there. 
I’m going to spend an extra $20k to get a Porsche 911 GTS instead of a base 911 Carrera when I buy a 911 in a few years. I’m going to do I because the car will make me happy and I will enjoy using it. One day I will sell it and it will be just a memory too. 

People spend shitloads of money on all sorts of hobbies from video games to RC cars to boats to skydiving. They all become memories eventually. 

You can’t take money with you, so if you’re covering your basic needs (including saving for retirement/emergencies/etc) then do whatever the hell you want.  

My grandfather has recently come to that realization. He’s a multimillionaire (in liquid/near-liquid assets) and owns a handful of rental property that more than covers his expenses. So he recently decided to buy a new-off-the-lot Corvette after literally YEARS of saying he would never buy a brand new car because it’s a waste of money. But damnit, his farts are the only ones in those seats and he likes it that way. 

You can argue that all sorts of things humans do aren’t financially optimal, but until it crosses to financially unmaintainable it isn’t a problem. 
Naw they are obviously trying to take over Dodge’s market share in boats
/r/UpliftingNews material for sure
Ask the recruiter to pass your resume on to whoever is in charge of the senior level position you are actually interested in. I would personally decline to interview for the junior role, but if you think it will get you an ‘in’ with the company you may want to take it. 

It sounds like this is a company recruiter and not an external recruiter trying to get commission. If that’s the case it’s downright silly that the recruiter you were in contact with told you “that isn’t my job so I dunno sorry lol” instead of just passing your resume on to whoever is supposed to fill the role. Even at large companies, talent acquisition isn’t that large of a group, I’m sure your recruiter knows who can help you. 
My point exactly. Good managers know that working their people to the bone is counterproductive. 
I disagree on multiple points. You should re-read my comments in a week or two when you have calmed down some. Right now you seem to be operating under the assumption that everyone is an asshole, homophobe, or some other form of shitty. ~~Occam’s~~ Hanlon’s razor comes to mind: *Do not attribute to malice that which can be sufficiently explained by ignorance.*

You are seriously overreacting to this situation, and I find it hard to believe that you’ve had a decade-long career and thus presumably lived 30+ years but you have never been through a similar situation before. 

Firstly, my sentiment isn’t “sympathetic to bigoted minds”. People who don’t know how to react when they find out that you’re gay aren’t bigoted, they’ve just been caught off guard. It’s annoying to you and me, but for them it isn’t an unnatural response. What would you do if you found out that the man who raised you isn’t actually your biological father? You’d be confused for a while and you might treat him differently. You might not understand why he didn’t tell you earlier, and you might reflect on your experiences with him to find anything that hinted at this truth or anything you might’ve said to make him not want to tell you.

And secondly, there is no apology to be made if you have to speak to your co-workers about the situation. You’re opening a dialogue with them about why they are treating you differently to help them understand that they shouldn’t treat you differently because nothing has changed other than what they know about you. 

If you lack the empathy to consider that someone just flat out doesn’t know how to deal with this situation and may need help navigating it, then I feel sorry for you. We’re coming full circle now, because this pings on your manager’s point, the importance of diversity. Apparently the other straight cis white dudes on your team don’t have diverse experiences, and maybe haven’t ever worked closely with a gay man before. Except they’ve been doing it since you came onboard, and you might have to help them realize that. 
Nothing you said contradicts what I wrote. Re-read my comment dude. Most of your co-workers will just get over it with time, but a few of them might not. Your options are (a) quit and find a new job where no one knows you like dick and keep it that way, (b) ignore it until you explode and proceed to option a, or (c) wait a few weeks for this to pass and if some of your co-workers are still not getting it, take 30 minutes out of your day to sit down with them and fix it. 

Only a tiny sliver of the population is gay. It would be a safe prediction for me to say that many generations from now when countries are starting to give marriage rights between humans and dogs as the anti-marriage-equality folks feared, most gay people will still face the issue of coming out of the closet and dealing with people who are confused that their friend they thought was straight is suddenly gay. 
On behalf of the non straight-cis-white-males, I apologize that some tightwads exist in our ranks. Hopefully one day they find a sense of humor but until then, just know that I won’t throw you under the bus if you crack a gay joke here and there. :)
There’s always more work to be done. If you suddenly found out that your team was only doing 50% of the work they are comfortably capable of doing, you might consider accelerating the roadmap to finish things earlier and start other projects earlier.

Of course, a good manager would recognize that such an attempt would be seen through by the employees and overall productivity + quality of work produced would likely drop since the employees would feel disrespected and now overworked by their manager. 

It’s not like real life has an abundance busywork. I’m not talking about someone being told to clean the windows more often and organize files that no one is ever going to look at again. 
Fellow homo here. You are overreacting. If no one knew you were gay and you never mentioned it once, you need to give them the time to adjust. To them, you were always a straight guy. Now, suddenly you’re gay. You’ve always been gay, but they never thought about it because you never brought it up.  Right now they’re all probably wondering how this never came up before, and perhaps examining every interaction they’ve ever had with you trying to make sure they didn’t say something offensive that caused you to not want to bring it up. While it is highly likely that none of them gives a rat’s ass that you‘re a sword swallower, they all still have to make an adjustment to their mental image of you.

I wouldn’t expect this to take more than a week or three to resolve. If you’re are still seeing this issue after a few weeks, maybe sit down with them individually for a few minutes and let them know you feel like you’re being treated differently, and ask if anything is on their mind that they would like to discuss. Yes, you shouldn’t *have* to do this, but what if you’re the first gay friend or co-worker they’ve had? It’s new to them. Have a little bit of empathy for their situation; they don’t know if there are any protocols they should follow - there aren’t, of course, but they don’t know that. 
Well if everyone is goofing off and still getting their work done they could just assign more work....
My manager is hardly near our desks enough to even notice if I'm on reddit or something instead of whatever else I could be doing. I don't think this is a legitimate criticism of open offices at tech companies really.
No. [A lawyer has the ethical obligation to represent every client with zeal](https://www.law.cornell.edu/ethics/aba/mcpr/MCPR.HTM) (Canon 7).
Not sure what area you’re in but I got a ticket for 65 in a 45 in Cabarrus County. I showed up in court, told them I didn’t have any prior tickets, and the clerk reduced it to 50 in a 45. I live in Georgia, so I’m not sure what that would’ve done to my insurance in NC but either NC was kind enough not to report it or GA ignored the report because lol 5 over. 

I recommend going to court for it and simply asking if they can reduce the ticket if they don’t offer off the bat. 
Wat
that's higher than i expected tbh
The Audi A7/variants. The body was gorgeous the first time I saw it but I already think it has aged badly in its few years of production and I think will continue to worsen, sadly. 
Smooth on my 7, with a few hitches here and there requiring restarts. 
Source or gtfo
I wish I could explain how relieved I am that you found this. 

Thank you. My nightmares about this man will be substantially less horrifying now. 
Like taking a crapchat in a public restroom and that click sounds off.... damn y’all I swear I wasn’t takin a dick pick seriously  
/r/subredditsashashtags
I believe they converted to EPS with all the f-chassis cars, and all the e-chassis codes were hydraulic. So the earliest bimmers with electric racks were in like 2008(?). 
How do you like the V? I think it might be the prettiest American car on the market right now. It’s so muscular, but somehow still elegant. Not to mention that powertrain... 
Almost being the operative word. Granted I haven’t driven a Porsche with a hydraulic rack. I will certainly say the ‘17 Carrera S I drove at their test track was *very* good for an EPS system, but I don’t think it was quite as communicative as my car. Just very predictable and weighted perfectly. 
As a fellow 335 owner don’t you feel like we also have a right to this feeling? Lol. E92 steering is wildly heavy. I’ve come to love it though. It doesn’t feel artificial like the f30 in sport plus... just solid. 
It is not. The F30 switched to EPS. 

I can’t imagine a car with a better steering feel than the E92 335s that I have owned. 
I don’t remember which applications did this to me, but I didn’t apply to Microsoft though. Guess now I know another one!
Left lane campers. The oblivious ones are terrible but even worse is when you get spiteful cunts who do it to you on purpose. 
gender != sex

and isn’t that joke getting a *little* overused?
Didn’t the Nazi’s give their troops meth or something like that during WWII combat?
what if your eyes aren't real?
This link is to the Canadian Apple store and shows prices in CDN. I almost had a stroke trying to figure out how the cheapest one was still over $2000 refurbished. 
If your Apple ID was created with a non-Apple (@icloud/@me/etc) address, you can't change to one of those addresses.

Unless they changed that requirement in the past few months.
That is my least favorite “feature” of the 335is :(
That’s really not true. As much as SWEs like to think we’re god’s gift to companies, good ideas (including a good implementation) are hardly a dime a dozen, and without a good idea that people will buy there is no money to pay someone to code something.

Look at Apple implementing new features that other companies have done before (Live Photos, for example).
That sounds like an exaggeration, but from my readings about the new headquarters Apple has many spaces blocked off that require special badges access. I’d imagine anyone high enough on the ladder that they‘re the only employee working on a specific product has their own office, and any teams working on ‘top secret’ products are temporarily relocated to one of the restricted access office spaces. 
Ah, Tokyo Drift. Such a treasure trove of wisdom.
*some* new grad apps have had this field in my experience so far. 
Lol if only 
1) I’ve never seen anyone talking about IQ here at all... not sure where the impression that people are against talking about it comes from

2) There is no test that can consistently, effectively, and verifiably measure all aspects of a human’s mental capacity. While there is almost certainly a correlation between IQ and a person’s software engineering chops, it is by no means a one-to-one mapping, and outliers will exist on both sides (high IQ’d bad engineers, low IQ’d good engineers)

In simplest terms, IQ is a stupid way to measure someone’s ability to be an engineer. IQ is kind of like the size of your dick. Great for bragging rights, not so great for determining anything else about you. 
For internships/new grad positions or later on? 
Worst part is I would have the same amount of debt if I’d gone to Georgia Tech instead. In state scholarships are lovely here. 
>and I have to use the ‘other’ box

Usually there is an other option with a box that I can type into. But occasionally there isn’t an extra box that I can type and I’m just left with “other” :(
If it wasn’t your code and you were in an entry level position, that’s fine. You expressed concern and were overruled. 
\#gayforfree4me
>If they didn't want you, they would let you know

>Currently interning

Oh honey...
Spend $40 on a book, get a job that makes you $20,000 more than your current one. Seems like a no brainer to me, that's probably the best ROI you can get for $40.

But I'm sure it can be found online with relative ease for those inclined to do so.
I have asked my manager repeatedly about a code review process and it never goes anywhere. Our company thinks that pair programming is a suitable replacement for code reviews (which it isn’t in the first place, but that’s a whole other issue), and my manager seems unwilling to consider regular code reviews since our team doesn’t pair program anyways. I’ve been here over a year... is it a lost cause? 
Happened to me on my MacBook Pro in Chrome, Firefox, and Safari. I tweeted at them and they said they’re investigating the issue. So hopefully it will be fixed tomorrow/tues
So, no evidence whatsoever? David Duke said his name once so he’s probably involved with the KKK? 

Get real dude. 
http://www.caranddriver.com/features/porsche-911-gt3-rs-at-lightning-lap-2016-feature
It started at 189. Where the hell are you getting numbers?
The GT3RS doesn’t even start below $150k USD...
>intern at this company or a full-time employee? 

I'm in a bit of a unique situation. I interned with them last summer and asked to stay onboard part-time, which they obliged. So I have interned full time for two summers and worked part time for another 8ish months. 

>it definitely could be worse, y'know?

Oh absolutely. A classmate took a non-development position at a consulting company for under 50k nearby... whenever I think I have it bad, I just think about him and start feeling a little better. (In fairness I think he actually wanted a non-dev role...but under 50k in Atlanta with a CS degree is a joke). 

>tech is a service more so than it's main product line?

Essentially, yes. We are a retailer. Of course, the company says that we're investing heavily in technology and they love us and all that. But based on hearing managers and the VP of my organization talk about our budget, at the very least our org is still viewed as a cost to reduce rather than an investment opportunity to drive profits. 

>not some hot tech doesn't mean it can't be interesting!

I agree here as well, especially in my role; I've found that I quite enjoy iOS development.  But we're still a retailer. At the end of the day the company is still just trying to sell a product that I'm not particularly enthusiastic about. That's not to say I'm not enthusiastic about the work (most days) though. Sometimes I find myself in the position to design a system that solves some difficult or interesting problem, and I definitely really enjoy those days/weeks. Even when I'm not, I'm young and new enough that I'm still learning something most days. 

I suppose my beef lies not necessarily with the technologies we use, but with the engineering culture overall. My biggest concern is that, because tech is not a true company focus, I often wonder if I'm learning the practices that will help guide me into a more senior position quickly, or just learning an okay way to do it. 
 
>what's bad about pair programming?

I'm biased because I am not very good at pair programming. I tend to sort of go rogue when pairing, going on 10-15 minute tangents of clicking and reading and typing without saying a word before I remember I'm supposed to be communicating with someone and working on something together. And when I'm not "driving", I just lose interest very quickly.

To me, there's a lot wrong with pair programming **as a required practice** for engineers. It is mentally exhausting to be 'on' for an extended period of time like in pairing, it requires you to keep the same hours as your pair, it is often inefficient (why put two devs together to write a few sql queries/daos?), I feel it devalues my contributions (this is a personal thing, but I feel much more proud to say "I" did $SOME_FEATURE than "we"), and I'm almost certain a rigorous code review process would be a much better way to ensure code quality and maintainability...but most importantly pairing limits my freedom to work at my pace and take my mini breaks for sanity whenever I need them. 

Pairing can be very efficient and helpful sometimes though, particularly when working in a part of the codebase you aren't familiar with or when you need to work with technologies you aren't familiar with. 

>look for new jobs

I am indeed. Today I received my full time offer letter for when I graduate, but I haven't decided what I'm going to do with it yet. I'm definitely going to apply/interview with some other companies and do some negotiating to see where it lands me. I’m not *against* staying with my current company for the right deal, but I have a sneaking suspicion that they aren’t going to move as much as I want them to. 
We pay fairly well for the area (I would guesstimate top 25% for Atlanta companies where tech is not a primary product/focus). The tech is highly varied. Personally, I’m doing iOS development so it’s not outdated or anything. The rest of the company is fairly java-centric, and we have a mixture of legacy codebase maintenance and new web development, with teams doing  java, node, angular, react, etc. We don’t do much cutting edge stuff, not really any ML/AI or anything. One or two teams do a bit of AR/VR work that is interesting but they’re typically exploratory projects, and aren’t well funded or highly prioritized by the business. 

I’m not unhappy here by any stretch of the imagination but the product doesn’t really excite me, and the engineering practices leave a lot to be desired. We’re expected to pair program most of the day which sucks (my team doesn’t bother though 🙌🏼). There is a small push for more automated testing, but it tends to take the back burner to new development. We don’t do code reviews and communication between my team and the teams we rely on for various backend services is abysmal. 

Overall on a 10 scale I’d rate my experience as a 6-7ish. 
Where did I say that was the case?
OP, if you couldn’t figure out the painfully obvious level of selection bias in looking at the resumes in a “help me I can’t get a callback” thread to get an idea of the average user here, you’re probably about as likely to make it to a BigN as the resumes you’re talking about. 
It’s worth noting that the guy you’re talking to did not have a technical interview at a prestigious company. If you’re gunning for a BigN/Unicorn/etc then you should go ahead and pick up CTCI and get on your leetcode grind well ahead of the “trying to get an interview” stage. If you’re looking at more “normal” non-tech companies (no shame, that’s where I am!) then you’ll be fine just knowing what polymorphism is and how to fizzbuzz at most.  
I wouldn’t quite consider them BigN from a prestige perspective, but the past couple of days I think I’ve seen 10 questions about their hackerrank challenge. So if one of the qualifications is “people talk about the company all the time” that might tip the scales right?
Can we please include Twitter in the big 4 automodded list so that I don’t see five “twitter coding challenge?” questions per day?
Top school, I assume? 

^(dontmindmejustsadaboutbadlifechoices)
How long have you been doing work for this company? Where is the code stored? Did you use company resources (equipment, money, wifi...) to build it? 

You're about to get royally fucked, and I don't think there's anything you can really do about it. You should have had a written deal specifying the details of how you would be compensated and they could use your work. 

Lesson learned, I guess. 
I'd take company B and move on within a year. 
What is your plan for the down payment? Have you already saved a significant sum or...?

Not trying to be rude, I'm likely to find myself in a similar situation in the bay area in ~3 years so I'm just looking for ideas, cause all the houses I actually like are in the ~$2mm range, and having that much money banked is just a daunting task. 
Not really though. With a house under a certain price (~$450k in many markets, up to ~$675k in high CoL areas), there are specific loan programs that allow you to purchase a home with less than 20% down. Once you're past that dollar amount, there's not really any way to do it. So if you want a 3br 2ba house in a nice area in, say Redwood City so you can reasonably commute to most of the bay area... You either have to save up the 400k down payment or you just don't get to buy period. 
Then whoever decided what work needed to be done by when set an unrealistic goal. If it’s a common problem the team as a whole needs to sit down and evaluate how each sprint is being planned to set more realistic timelines. 
wat
inb4 /u/savagecat

For the most part, they seem to be. I do wonder how their recency-weighting works (if there is any at all). For example, at my company we recently underwent a restructuring of job titles, and while there is a one to one mapping to the new titles for several roles, the reported salaries for the new titles are significantly (10-20%) higher than for the old titles. 

One thing I’ve learned is that, at companies where you know bonuses / stock are included for all employees, you can add the average bonus, stock, and salary together for a more accurate idea of total compensation. The total comp average Glassdoor provides seems to assume everyone who submitted only a salary received only a salary — even at companies like Google where we can be pretty certain those employees also received RSUs. 
iTunes U has [an excellent course](https://itunes.apple.com/us/course/developing-ios-10-apps-with-swift/id1198467120) from Stanford on iOS development, if you’re just getting started. 
These aren’t hard requirements for a junior position - they’re just pluses (and they provide an easy excuse for HR to tell you why they don’t hire you) 

A company worth working for (as a new grad) won’t think twice about hiring a candidate who does not have experience in those specific tools if the candidate is otherwise promising. A junior/entry position is basically engineer-in-training. Good companies understand this and are willing to invest the resources to teach you.
Basically a breadth first search? That’s gotta be Easy level
Come up with a good enough excuse and they definitely won’t care. 
Can you tell me about the benefits/differences between git and mercurial? 
As the other poster suggested, just having a job is a much lower bar than I’m trying to hit. I’ve already got an offer on the table for a good enough (non-tech focused) company, but I’m looking for a company where tech is the actual product or where I will get to work on something incredibly interesting / learn cutting edge tech or somewhere that will be a huge selling point in my resume when I move on. 
I don’t know a ton about other hallucinogens, but one of the primary “ingredients” used to make LSD (in at least one recipe I’ve read about) uses Ergotamine, which is also a drug used to treat severe headaches. So that could explain some of the effects you’ve seen. 
There are some objective tests that are executed when a patient claims to have ADHD. Not to claim that they are perfect, but patients are tested before they hand out the candy. 

Source: Diagnosed ADHD college student. 
Thanks for the suggestions. 

Google’s Atlanta office is all sales as far as I can tell. That seems to be a trend with the major tech companies, several others (Salesforce is another I know of) also have all- or primarily-sales offices here. 
Um. You...your flair...you...


Hi it’s me ur brother 
If the deadline is too early and “non negotiable” then you shouldn’t feel bad about reneging on the offer to accept a better one, if one comes along. 

They are trying to make you feel like working for them is your only viable option. It’s disrespectful and dishonest at best, and if they don’t think you deserve their respect then they don’t deserve any in return. 
I worked part time through the school year with the company I interned with. Pay was the same as the internship. I attempted to negotiate but got some managerial/HR BS. But it was still better money than I could get elsewhere (not to mention the experience) so I went with it. 
You could do that with the old function keys too though...? there was a pause/play and a skip forward/back
Tim Cook wears glasses. Not a snowball’s chance in hell he would let iOS pass with face recognition that couldn’t handle glasses. 
if I remember right something along the lines of "2018 Ferrari Aventador" or some shit like that. 
If you want your car to feel fast from a dead stop in first gear you will need to launch it. I'm not familiar with the new Infinitis so I'm not sure if you've got launch control or anything similar (google will be able to tell you), but the general idea is you want your engine spinning above idle (anywhere from 2500-5000rpm can be ideal, depending on the car) before you let off the brake and start moving. 

Don't do this with other cars around though. If I'm behind you and you spin your tires and throw rocks up at me I will ride your bumper, slip around and embarrass you in a straight line, then hop in front and brake check you for good measure. 
Yeah. Personally, I wear [these](https://www.amazon.com/ExOfficio-Give-N-Go-Boxer-Brief-Black/dp/B001M0MN0C/ref=sr_1_2?s=sporting-goods&ie=UTF8&qid=1501479352&sr=1-2&keywords=exofficio+boxer+brief) which are somewhat cheaper and I quite enjoy them, even compared to my $25/pair underamours. But I need some more so if I pull the trigger on Sheath I'll update haha
25% off though, so just under $20

Otherwise Matt doesn't get his cut. :)
But not for the rich. 
I can't ever get anyone to race me. Even now that I've got the competition style spoiler no one is interested :(

the woes of having a fast bmw, but it's white so everyone thinks I'm a trophy wife
Let me get this straight... you crashed into a parked car while driving drunk and you think it shouldn't be your fault?

You're a fucking moron and you're lucky to be alive. 
one touch turn signals, and yes the vast majority of new (luxury, at least) vehicles have this as a feature. It's actually very frustrating imo because three blinks is never enough for me to actually change lanes. I've reprogrammed mine to 5 blinks. 
yasssss ^^^(marina) that full sakhir orange interior is my favorite
To be fair some people do disgusting things to their cars and I'm perfectly within my rights to downvote their posts. 
>I make wonderbread look tan.

I have never heard a better way to call someone white af. I love it.
Yeah, forgot about that bit. Edited. 
Yeah, I understand the assumption from a logical standpoint. But it's an extremely rude assumption to make, and that level of rudeness warrants prompt rectification by the service or general manager imo.
People making 200-300k can afford to buy a Lambo/Rolls/Ferrari. 

It wouldn't be smart, but they could afford it. My boyfriend's family is this way. They run a business and probably bring in ~300k/yr, and up until recently they had 400k worth of cars in the driveway, none of which were paid off (they recently consolidated, sold two to buy one). Not including their kids' cars, which adds another 100k (but they're not paying for them...for now)
No. There is no reason to treat someone disrespectfully in this situation. Someone who works in a Porsche dealership that commented elsewhere ITT put it best: Assume everyone can afford to buy whatever they want off your lot until someone proves otherwise. 
tbh the fusion looks better.
Exactly, she is reinvesting. If she wasn't / didn't care about growing her business, she could buy all kinds of shit. 
those taillights are atrocious. Straight out of 2008. Will those poor things ever get updated?
It is not standard to make an appointment to look at cars.
~~All~~ *Most of the trash talk was before they pulled him up on forbes. 
If you're on the 30 under 30 list, you can certainly afford to buy pretty much anything short of a hypercar.
I would've immediately asked to see the manager and have something done about that sort of treatment. That level of rudeness warrants some compensated service or something. 
No it doesn’t?
The ATS sedan is nowhere near as roomy inside as my E92, and the f30 is even bigger. 
What do you think a dream car is? It’s not like wanting one for 10 years is a prerequisite for a dream-anything... my dream car changes every few months. 

Though I have been stuck on a Porsche for a while, ever since I drove one at the Porsche Experience Center...
Vinyl sounds clearly better than any non-lossless digital audio source. I haven’t listened to much lossless digital audio though so I can’t speak to that. 
Preferably to crazed hobos?
My HomePod also feels snappier. 
Instructions unclear. Dick stuck in banana stand. 
Wait what? MLG.... like the pro gaming people? 

I am very out of the loop here I guess. 
Nope. Instead, they astroturf the shit out of every mention of their name and every company review forum I've found. 
After looking at a picture of a 2002 S4 interior, I’ve concluded that you are either stuck deeply in the honeymoon phase of your new car, or you are verifiably insane. The 911’s interior looks... well, exactly like I expect an interior from the early 2000s to look. The [Audi’s interior](https://www.netcarshow.com/Audi-S4-2002-1600-0c.jpg) actually looks a little bit *less* dated in my opinion. 

Your 911’s interior looks far closer to 2002 than 2012. Sorry dude. 
Sonos systems don’t offer Bluetooth so I’m not sure what you’re getting at. 
Bluetooth in a premium speaker? Are you as clueless as you sound? Bluetooth is terrible for audio quality. 

As for Aux, what’s the point of a wireless speaker that you have to be wired to?

Dumbass. 
Google does not sell data. Google offers services that allow other organizations to gather data themselves. 

Google selling data would be silly, sole access to all the data they have is the competitive advantage Google had over competitors in the advertising space. 
Not really, because everything that Alexa and Google Home learn about you gets tied to that respective account and then used to serve up even better targeted advertising / figure out what you want to buy. Thus, Google/AMZN are making money off your data regardless of whether or not they’re literally selling it. 

Meanwhile, the HomePod’s use of anything it learns will be used purely for product improvement (better Siri speech recognition, for example), since Apple isn’t in the advertising game. 
That is only 64 of the 81 Snoop Dragon consumes on an average day
Look dude, you just asked if whiteboarding is a skill worth practicing. Everyone in this thread, myself included, has told you that it’s something you should work on. If you’re just gonna say “but I don’t wanna!!!1!1!11”, why even ask the question? No one can help you if you don’t want to listen to good advice. 

As others have said, being good at interviews is a skill that is in many ways separate from being good at software engineering. Interviewing is not a skill that comes naturally with doing the job for most people. 

Sure, studying algorithmic questions by doing hackerrank/leetcode challenges will help... but just studying the algorithms at the surface level will not. And once you’re at the point that you can solve these challenges in a reasonable timeframe, the best way to prepare for interviews will be to try to solve them on a whiteboard first while explaining what you’re doing, then check yourself to see if you found the most optimal solution. 
If you want to succeed in interviews with prestigious (or even mid-level) companies, yes you need to practice coding on a whiteboard while explaining what you're doing to someone else (or a [rubber duck](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_duck_debugging). Even if the interview doesn't have you coding on a whiteboard, you will learn to code in an interview-like setting quickly and explain what you're doing efficiently. 

Today you're fine doing tickets all the time. Will you still be fine with that in 10 years?
* A product/project that I believe in. Something interesting, preferably using various cool technologies, that allows me to constantly be challenged to learn. Preferably something the world will care about (or at least some people), so not in the retail space. 
* A company with good values and a great engineering culture. Development processes should be clearly defined and followed, and respected by the business ("Yes, it will take that long, unless you want it to break two days after we push to production"). 
* Good, open relationship with management and product teams that allows the freedom to experiment and work with the best technologies for the job rather than being pigeonholed into a tech because they want the product out yesterday. 
* Management with a good sense of direction, to make sure we're working on the right things constantly or we shift gears early enough that it wasn't a major waste.
* Of course, ludicrous pay. 

Right now, early in my career, I'm enjoying the actual coding and product building quite a bit. But in 10-15 years I definitely see myself moving into a technology design/leadership role where I'm involved with multiple products, assisting with company/org/product direction and helping early in the design phase for important products.  

So, currently ideal duties would be something like 20/60/20 design/coding new stuff/maintaining older (but non legacy) stuff, but that would eventually be more like 80/20/0 and most of the coding could be to learn about a technology or to build a quick POC to see what's possible, and not necessarily directly involved with the code. 
[citation needed]
/r/beetlejuicing
I saw several vehicles listed there that were specific cars, not just models... Like Jerry Seinfeld's 993, or "the last Ferrari Enzo". So does that mean that no other Enzos/993s can be imported? How does that process work and how much does it cost? "Hey U.S. Government, I wanna import this car... it's special enough, right?!"
that's my trick!
They're also really good at power*sliding* into corners. 
C&D’s time for the Carrera S (3.1s) is the same as Motor Trend got. Not sure if MT also tested the base Carrera, but their time are accurate. I’ve launched a C2S and can tell you it feels every bit as fast as they say, and my car’s tires were on their way out. 

Magazine times are all standardized to be comparable with one another. For journalist 0-60 testing, the timer starts after one foot of “rollout”. Generally, manufacturers quote their 0-60 times the same way. Rollout time for a RWD car in the ~3.5 second range is usually around a third of a second. That’s the major difference between me at a stop light and a journalist with a vbox. 

I imagine magazines will find this mustang runs around 4, meaning guys at streetlights will be doing 4.3s or so, much like the base Carrera is probably doing around 3.7 at streetlights. 
It won’t. C&D has tested that car at 3.4 to 60. Porsche criminally underrated the latest generation of 911s. 
That’s great and all, except the 911 is almost a full second faster to 60mph than Porsche’s claimed times. So unless that pony car is also trying to bamboozle us, it will be much slower. 
Might just want to take the whole shaker tbh
The Miura, E-Type, and the original 50’s Benz SL with the gullwing doors win for classic cars.

For modern cars (late 80s+), I think the S63 AMG Coupe is a contender, as are many Aston Martins. 
They made that already, it was called the 918
Technically both were wasted...
Geodude evolves into Graveler at level 25 so somewhere around there I would say. 
Well if no one is around to hear it, it wouldn’t make any noise 
I’m an iOS Software Engineer, we’re building an iPad tool for internal sales use. The iMac is technically shared, but it’s at my desk so if I’m in the office it’s mine haha. 
Given Apple's track record in the past fighting for privacy and with their implementation of other country-specific changes (for example, FaceTime is hardware locked to be unavailable in many middle eastern countries), I think it's quite safe to assume Apple would rather disallow iMessage in those countries than allow Australian officials to potentially access messaging data for literally everyone in the world with an iPhone. 
**Personal** 

* iPhone 7 (Matte Black, 256GB)
* Apple Watch S2 (42mm Black Aluminum)
* AirPods
* MacBook Pro (13" Mid 2014, 2.6GHz/8GB/128GB)
* Apple TV (unsure, not home right now)

**Work**

* iMac (5k 27", Late 2015, 4.0GHz/32GB/512GB)
* MacBook Pro (15", Mid 2015, 2.8GHz/16GB/512GB)
* iPad Air 2 64GB
* iPad 4 32GB

Not sure if work devices really count but whatever. Triple that personal list if you want to count every device I've ever owned (handful of iPods of multiple varieties, handful of older iPhones, another MacBook Pro... and some that I'm probably forgetting)
you have to slide to power off, which isn't particularly discreet. 
You must be a blast at parties
Certainly Erlang
It will be for the next month now that Linkin Park’s lead singer committed suicide. 
It is large and bold on desktop as well. Backslash before shows the hashtag instead of using it as a formatting character
Do you know if it’s possible to DFU restore to the beta? I’d like to keep my latest backup but The battery life on iOS 11 is killing me. My phone doesn’t ever sleep - usage and standby time is always the same. 
It is much worse than I remember the last few betas being. I have to keep my battery pack with me because my phone won’t go to sleep :(

Backslash before the hashtag. Looks wrong on mobile but correct on desktops.

Reddit really needs to get parity in text viewing on the mobile app. You’d think it wouldn’t be so damn hard. 
Could’ve gone my whole life without knowing about this 