wants to learn how to make french macaroons
is turning into a hermit
is back in the left coast
gets to play asian nanny today!
j'ai ne sais pas
needs sleep...in baltimore
is in love with the lincoln memorial...<3
is looking at old travel pictures...uh oh...
is re-evaluating...again
is cooking chicken adobo tonight!
wants to join the circus or pack parachutes
anyone want to sublease my pretty north beach studio so i can spend the rest of my life traveling?
has bangs
s landlord brought someone to do work on my apartment and he totally recognized my place from tv...lol, i guess that's more of my 15 minutes...<3
might have to trade in bastille day celebrations for a nice quiet night in my apartment...if anyone wants to hang tonight let me know.
would rather have too many dreams and reach half of them then not enough dreams to reach for.
wonders if it's a better idea to stay home and not celebrate hemingway's birthday with free absinthe drinks since i think i'm getting sick :(
has the camino de santiago on my mind again...the effects of receiving emails from my spaniard friends.
is a sucker for academics
is sad the wood furniture making class is full...small business, voice, and either beginning principles of fashion design or beginning theatre?
stupid t-mobile commercial being filmed in sf today...totally reminding me how much i miss jumping out of planes.
wants to take a trip through tunisia, egypt, greece, turkey, lebanon, israel, jordan, bhutan, kazakhstan, xinjiang (china), mongolia, and end up in shanghai to see old friends and maybe throw in hainan for some beachy fun...ok magic travel fairy do your t
il est difficle de vaincre ses passions, et impossible de les satisfaire.
is becoming sentimental as i work on the notes for my novel..."if you're friends with __ you must either be gorgeous or brilliant and from our conversation i must say it's both."
really wants to take french and arabic but then i really won't have any free time in the fall
*propname* of all trades, master of none, though oft times better than master of one!
starting to feel like my old self again
<3's united's frequent flyer miles sale...i have enough miles to fly anywhere except australia...hmm, where to go?
"runs like a girl, but she runs fast" -thanks jo :p
i think i'm addicted to buying chinese stocks...time to look for domestic investments again?
kind of likes getting up early and getting more done in my morning than i would otherwise
turns out i actually am allergic to my work
wonders what can go wrong?
just made vegan cayenne cupcakes filled with salted caramel sauce and drizzled with lavender icing...from scratch!
wants to watch *propname* & *propname* minus the *propname* portion...what a way to satisfy both the francophile and foodie in me
is excited for the newest movie adaptation of brave new world!  <3 *propname*
Ë coeur vaillant rien d'impossible.
is drunk, thnak god for summer fridays at work
wishes i had a professional kitchen to play in
wishes someone else would take my next profile picture, i feel they're all looking the same now.
you do not merely want to be considered just the best of the best. you want to be considered the only ones who do what you do
wonders how people can be so retarded...either that or i'm just feeling bitchy today
adores my watercolor pencils <3
wishes i was in spain, this would totally be siesta time
had the yummiest dinner at the house <3
can't keep having sundays like yesterday...
can't wait to try commis
went on a 5 hour trek from my apartment in north beach along the water front, over the golden gate bridge to marin and back again...needless to say i'm resting tonight
loves how life is fun but oh so drama free. :d
spent all weekend looking for flats but ended up buying three pairs of hot looking heels...i really, really tried this time :(
wonders why spain keeps calling to me...
needs a new hobby
loving my lunch from carte415
has nightmares about badly made cupcakes
what's with backhanded compliments...twice in one day i was called a diamond in the rough
is flattered
taking this from my brother's status:  if a con is the opposite of pro... does that make congress the opposite of progress?
has travel on my mind
always loves seeing *propname*!  that girl is getting feisty :)
had a dream last night that i was opening up a shop and booking a last minute trip to shanghai
just booked tickets to new york october 29th thru nov 3rd, who wants to join me for halloween in nyc?
wants to make dairy free treats for all my lactose intolerant friends. =)
has been accepted into the cupcake contest for my bombay elvis cupcake...oh it's on!
what fun, i ran into an old college friend at my fashion design class!
misses being naive...now i'm jaded and waiting for something to excite me
can't wait to watch, "coco before chanel"
needs a change
over today...should have gone to pastry school after deciding law school wasn't for me
wo ying gai zai xue zhong wen.
can't sleep, feeling creative
*propname* race for the cure
just wants to bake yummy treats, write, learn languages, travel, organize philanthropical events, and debate philosophy over bottles of wine...that is my ideal life.
is tempted to skip my voice class today, go home, and make myself some udon or soon tofu stew
wonders how i keep getting convinced to make cupcakes...making mini vegan version of my bombay elvis cupcakes and trying out a mini red velvet and cream cheese with cabernet some how mixed in...i'll figure it out
no matter how long i've been out of high school i'll always fall victim to the mission "curse"
had the most surreal day saturday
just realized, the longer i'm made to wait, the less i want it.
is wondering what is up with all these migraines all of a sudden. :(
made my bombay elvis cupcakes(chocolate curry and banana cupcakes with peanut butter frosting) and chocolate bacon cupcakes
is having yummy food tomorrow instead of voice class...i'll probably pay for this once midterm recitals come around...
is making things happen!
is trying to figure out what song to sing for my final
used to darken my freckles with brown eyeliner when i was in high school
is so fickle
is thinking a trip to shanghai is long over due...lil' shanghai is all growns up since i left it!
13.1 miles, it's on!
absolutely adores life :d
sometimes dreams do come true *fingers crossed*
swim then sauna...that's what i call cross training
thinks everyone should have goals...just don't judge me for mine ;)
bleed through my running shoe...
ran, did hill work, yoga, juiced, made an egg white and spinach omelette, and payed my bills...love getting so much done before work :)
<3's all the lovely, positive people in my life
running in the rain then making my "red wine and cheese pairing" cupcake and working on a business outline
wonders what's causing my recent insomnia...
misses my girl crush...she's just coolness personified
just needs to keep reminding myself it's only for one more month...i so need a relaxing run tonight
is tempted to just disappear into the mountains of tibet for a while...
gets super happy every time i hear my favorite christmas song :d
what a day!
is trying to figure out my next travel plans...where, with who, how long, when, etc
is hoping someone has a red dress i can borrow for wednesday
in baltimore until thursday.
is just that good...
is creeped out...the owner of a new restaurant by my office offered me lunch and then followed me into walgreens while i was running errands.
is going to miss my coworkers....drinks tomorrow, 5:30 at 5a5, then karaoke tbd
is excited to have convinced just about everyone in the office to go to happy hour tonight!
wonders why my coworkers always want to drink on my running days...
s tuesday sucked...but wednesday is another day.
s coworkers make me laugh soooooo much <3 :d
<3's my friends
wonders why boys never talk to me
is switching back to my 510 phone number and dropping the 415, send me a note if you don't have the number.
gets to play asian nanny today!!
is looking forward to the weekend
m-u-s-t stop looking at maps...
kids running the office and santa singing songs...oh it must be close to christmas!
can't sleep, clowns will eat me (points to anyone who knows the reference)
merry christmas my loves!
delam barat tang shode
is finishing up my last day at work...i'm going to miss my lil' sf aol family
tell             me and i'll forget,            show me and i may remember, involve me and i will understand. -- confucius
has started 2010 very asian...hong kong hair salon, milk tea, and pop corn chicken...love
lunch, star holiday party, upenn holiday party, churchkey holiday party....oh thursday, you will kill me
is excited for an old fashion cocktail party tonight, time to pull out my old fave, vodka gimlets, throw on some pearls and channel *propname* to go with the short hair.
needs a massage and s.l.e.e.p.
is home, but can't relax yet...i swear i'm more busy now than when i was working
running, photo shoot, playing asian nanny!
believe in yourself and life and consequently life will believe in you.
you only live once
this whole not really traveling in january was the worst idea ever
opened up a bottle of cava because i wanted a mimosa with my dinner...now i just realized i kind of have to finish the bottle myself...uh oh
is traumatized
can only take so much shopping, drinking, going out to dinners, hanging out,playing with babies, and flying to random cities...hurry up half marathon, as soon as you're over i get to do some real travel...
had everything go wrong for dinner tonight but ended up exactly where i needed to be for yet another job prospect even though i wasn't looking for one.
live as if you will die tomorrow.  learn as if you will live forever. http:////www.ted.com//talks//ben_dunlap_talks_about_a_passionate_life.html
died a little bit inside turning down an overland trip from istanbul to cairo :....(
is a lady of leisure...
la critique est aisŽe, mais l'art est difficile.
just turned down a series of paid ads for 944 and a motocross ad all because i won't be around for february...lol, but what a nice ego boost
running and ramen...what an awesome tuesday night!
is super stoked to be that much closer to getting to volunteer at one of my fave nonprofits in sf!!!!!
yay family day...but it's not even my family
come out to support haiti tonight either at the starlight room or the independent
rain, tea, and jazz...sounds like a perfect night for writing :)
is enjoying (f)unemployment to the fullest
should really sleep
is wondering if i have enough room in my passport for this trip...do i have enough time to get pages added?
ok i can either spend a day in d.c. 2//17 or stay overnight in la 2//16...thoughts?
can't wait to see what lectures come out of ted2010 !!
dear life..you rock...love *propname* dear *propname*...stop spending me...love your bank account
go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name using their search engine. copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment.
got past the biggest hurdle...the trip is on!
loves all my friends, they care if my drunk ass gets home <3
wonders, if we only surround ourselves with good people does that mean we lose the opportunity to understand the negative?
is getting nervous for my first half marathon tomorrow
alright doppleganger, i used to get the most random ones...but i think *propname* was the only one that made some sense.
<3's my purple tights and movie night :)
is having an off day...c'est la vie...tomorrow is another day :)
really?!
dear sunday, you rocked,  love *propname* :)
earned another freckle or two from running the *propname* marathon today!!
qu'est-ce qu'il y a ?
just booked the rest of my flights!!!  hellllooooo adventure!!
, if you're going to get sick, do it now...you have exactly one week to recover...
is starting to wonder if i enjoy life too much...<3 my friends!!
is *propname*
has been watching a ton of disney movies instead of getting anything done...on that note, aladdin is still my favorite in terms of songs and i <3 how all the female characters are so headstrong
packing, packing, packing...trying to fit everything for a month long trip into a tiny carry-on...can i do it?
today: relaxation by the bay, tomorrow: a trip to jordan for petra and the dead sea...
playing catch up but failing miserably...how come i'm always busier when i'm not working?
sometimes i can't believe this is my life :)...tomorrow i'm exploring my neighborhood, north beach, anyone want to join me for breakfast at mama's at washington square park?