was stuck between reality and a dream...unpleasant.
let's go to italia~~
is going back to the homeland
"oh my god dude, doing 5 tomorrow is going to feel like sex!" --*propname*
asleep with open eyes.
the love of my life: repeat 800s on a sunny day.
"do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." --buddha
driving to nowhere. accompanied only by the pitter-patters of rain on my windshield.
"we americans think you have to accomplish everything quickly. we're the country of thirty-minute lunches and two-minute football drill...[we need to] slow down and make building relationships as important as building projects."  --*propname*
i declare myself a mercenary. have a job? i'll get it done.
...wow...
is back
38 miles last week, more this week, lifting despite the soar screeches on my muscles. my body hates me right now...
it might be time for one last great adventure, a minimum 13 hour plane ride away.
my cat squeaks when he stretches.
feeling hypnotized.
there's just something about those cold winter nights.
born three times.
this year, and especially fall has definitely established a theme for itself. seriously higher being, watching a dark comedy may be fun for you, but i can assure you that living it is an entirely opposite experience.
goals for the next 11 months: (1) rock the fuck out of the lsat (2) run under 3 in the marathon (3) get into a baller law school (4) buy a bmw z4 (5) laos, vietnam, cambodia anyone???
just ran 18 miles....
my new philosophy: study and get ripped. fuck everything and everyone else.
marathon in a few days o_o.
thanks for the support guys! we did it.
"sit back and curiously observe the ride. you're not going to enjoy it, but it is going to take you somewhere." --me under the inspiration of some lost muse.
long long long day
going running down a trail of bright oranges and yellows.
pop rocks are the shit.
yay for adventures.
a little tanner, great times, and now very current on hip-hop.
thanks for all the birthday love everyone!
had a ridiculous time in holland with his boys *propname* and *propname*. now he needs some shoes, some finances and a hike up the highest mountain in poland.
is in holland baby!
real talk.
found a feather sticking out of his wendy's chicken nugget....at least now we know it's made from a bird right?
i guess there's still some hope. a stranger helped me out today.
saw a shooting star on number seven of eight 800s.
in a cafe...again, doin what i always do.