why does it seem like im always online these days?...
beach?!?
if your a girl and you haven't seen the miniseries north and south (bbc) you need too!!
dear planes,  please stop crashing, i'd like to go on a trip to ireland without dying on either flight.  thanks, *propname*
nm... out for a walk to the pier! llame to make the walk go faster... or to come along :)
yeah... i'm in the american executive!! woo
according to japanese scientists.. humans glow!! i knew it!! :)
okay fine... i'm going, i'm going...
the ugly truth was fantastic!
no really... i'm watching *propname*.
lovin the warm windy hb weather in my backyard
my hair is turning black!!!
read harry potter 7 cover to cover in a day just cuz
hungeeee!!
is at the beach at 30th st in newport... come join! give me a call or just show up! :)
oh god... baby next door wont stop crying grrrr!!
so one day, i'm going to ride a horse (fresian to be specific) over some majestic rolling hills and *propname* is going to run behnind me with a boombox blasting epic music... i can't wait
sigh... debussy... always puts me in agood mood
stimulated the economy yesterday... there goes 100 on makeup... now next on the list... somewhere to go all dressed up
i'ma gonna watch you break it down and dance.
sooo, this essay....
tear :`( really?...
the unknown is not fun. ya'll are crazy for thinking so. lol
will complete seaon 3 and 4 of kim possible by tonight :)
loves *propname* day <3 <3 <3
is on a tour of asia. burmese saturdays, japanese sundays, mongolian mondays, thai tuesdays.... suggestions?
i think its unholy to be up at this hour twice in two days....
anyone have a place i can put my car during the football game? our house is doing football parking so its getting kicked out :( poor thing
eating seaweed.... wow.. thanks berkeley... what have you done to me
getting down with the soweto gospel choir
babbbbyyy you've got what it takes!
though (*propname* < *propname*) they both = amazing. <3
really into *propname* right now
guess how old i am in my profile photo
all of a sudden i'm really really excited for christmas <3
stomach wants to kill me ://
is officially nominated to the peace corps!!
christmas tunes have started!!
house is addictivly depressing
"i want your love and  i want your revenge" "you and me could write a bad romance  " "i want your love and  all your lovers' revenge  " "you and me could write a bad romance"
watching x-men cartoons at home..i think i could do this for the rest of my life
omg.... peopleofwalmart.com
i have *propname* on the brain. ugh... one of these days i will remember to write about a topic other than intellectuals in colonial eras.... ugh
i really want to watch gladiator right now
why yes i do lipsynch to the soweto gospel choir in zulu
president obama -- fighting wars in two countries -- will arrive in norway on thursday to accept the nobel peace prize.... amusing cnn headline
come to the j.s. bach magnificat at noon tomorrow at hertz hall!!
mister squiggles, the light-brown version of the hamsters, has unsafe levels of antimony.
please choose one of the options and then write an essay in which you offer an argument so brilliant, so insightful, and so well-supported that political analysts around the globe are left astonished, humbled, and shaken (if not stirred).   - i <3 you *propname*. this is the best prompt ever.
way to go young people, our contribution to society? "unfriend" has been added to the oed.
"history must concede that he was in the exceptional position of a self infatuated man who happened to be right" --- the entertaining things i find while researching
fail. instead of writing bspace.edu i wrote facebook.com
i wish everytime a camera circled around my chair a month went by. (see new moon and you understand)
does not want to go back to berkeley.... well except for friendzies <3
is a teach for american 2010 corps member!!!  (southern louisiana, secondary biology)
grandma and i had a fight yesterday about whether the owner of the restaurant sounded like blanche or rose from the golden girls. good times. <3
*propname*
when sending your christmas cards this year please take an extra one and send it to this address: a recovering american soldier c//o walter reed army medical center 6900 georgia avenue nw; washington, d.c. 20307. if we pass this on, think of how many cards our wonderful wounded military will get. pass this on to all your friends. (just copy and paste to your wall)
is at jury duty ugh
new years resolutions 1) to become kim possible 2) to get a pony
fun fact... the foremost creationist advocate got his phd in bio chem from berktown
in big bear until friday call me if you need me
so not cool with the fact that *propname* (who is 34 btw) is getting married to a 22 yr old argentinian model... exuse moi *propname*, i happen to be 22, you didnt have to look that far.
today was a new day then promptly ate 2 sees candies
insecureorama
hello my name is *propname*, human cyborg relations... :) <3 to fam for actually watching the film with me last night... classic!!
teaching myself all of ap bio and 4 years of an education major's knowledge in 2 days booyah!
made mochi and red bean
are you kidding me... there is a book about how mr darcy is a vampire? really? okay you convinced me.... i'm reading it
his royal highness fluff n' stuff is the perfect name for a pony!
obama got the nobel peace prize the same day that we bombed the moon... interesting...
go bears!!!
anyone interested in seeing *propname* at the nokia theatre on the 28th of feb?
yesssss, josh groban has a solo in the new "we are the world recording".....
why is it that whenever there is a pig butchered in europe there are always drinks and snacks? - *propname*
i really really really want to be a star fleet officer. i have since i was 5 and i still do.
re: the completly redone monopoly game's utter potential failure:  so far, the internet echo chamber's biggest criticism focuses on the new version's tight security. it seems that when it comes to monopoly, *half the fun comes from cheating by stealing from the till when nobody's looking*, a loophole the new version closes with its fancy electronic banking.
i <3 my garmin forerunner
i honestly don't know who *propname* is.
passed my praxis exams with flying colors!!! thank you *propname*'s notes for that recognition of excellence on the plt 7-12 :) <3
in berkeley hit me up to hang out :)
why yes i am listening to the backstreet boys' new cd and cooking fudge. .... soon, i'll get a cat.
got a doggie!! what to name it?