vegas until thursday :)
michigan and chicago last weekend, vegas next week, milwaukee after that :)
i love chic-fil-a. (and no, they are not my clients).
going to milwaukee for the weekend :)
i need a name for my sewing collection - ideas welcome :)
thanks for the birthday wishes!
had a great weekend in west michigan.  headed back to atl for a few days.  then i'll be back for *propname*'s wedding!
homemade peach pie is done, now off to the pool!
unpacking
sweetwater tonight! :)
going to twisted taco at perimeter tonight!
are you going to the big 10 pub crawl tomorrow in midtown?
i'm on my way to chicago for two days :)
new hobby: pillow shams :)
sewing a dress
at the grand traverse resort - the bay is beautiful!
i have an abundance of apple crisp, peach cobbler and peach pie at my house - please help!
back in atl :)
hanging out with *propname* :) girls weekend!
pasta schmasta
know anyone who can teach me how to knit and crochet?
working from home is da' bomb.
thai chicken pasta with barilla whole grain spaghetti - delicious dinner!
*propname* gave me a christmas table cloth and dish towel! now we have a christmas tree and festive linens! :)
watching twilight :)
cinnamon ice cream from scratch - just another day living with a culinary student :) *propname* rocks!
making a quilt
headed back to atl after a great weekend in tampa :)
chocolate covered potato chips - what will they come up with next! (they are so good!)
christmasing :)
going home tomorrow for *propname*'s bridal shower and father's day!!!
i love vacation. tomorrow we're going to the beach :)
*propname* "noel", christmas slippers, hot cocoa, soft blanket, and a book. just missing the snow!
sewing again!
back in atlanta! there's no snow here!
my co-workers just 'bumped' - love iphone entertainment!
traverse city this weekend, detroit next weekend.  fall in michigan!
on my way to chicago. :)
headed back to atlanta. gasparilla was a hoot.
finishing my quilt today
dearest souper *propname* of buckhead, your chocolate cupcakes were heavenly. hope to see you again for lunch soon!
chicago on monday & tuesday, orlando on thursday & friday and tampa on saturday & sunday