i have no excuses, least of all for god.  like all tyrants, he is not worthy of the spit you would waste on negotiations.  the deal we have is infinitely simpler--i don't call him to account, and he extends me the same courtesy...
back
rip open the diseased heart of a corporation and what spills out? -on people
you're wicked overseer
"keep government away from my medicare!"  as good a summary of american politics as one is likely to get these days.
turn your lamp down low.
holy. fuck. http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=ypjgzd7frps
"what's brown and rhymes with snoop?" "dr. dre?" "fuck you, carl."
"we operate by consensus." "what if the americans object?" "we don't operate."
the only fear i have, is my failure to adhear his path
that, ladies and gentlemen, was a season opener.
things that are irritating: microsoft excel.
the best way to describe *propname* is as an irl troll.
record so hard it broke the needle.
even when it's free it ain't cheap.
"i find it absolutely appalling that anyone could believe that political affiliation would be used to determine who receives medical treatment. that's what race and socioeconomic standing are for."
thanks folks.
what the fuck, steelers?
in other news, the steelers 4th quarter is the most depressing thing of all time.
suppose you were an idiot. and suppose you were a member of congress. but i repeat myself.
bush was a symptom, not a cause.
the bridge is over?
fuckin' *propname*
speech is my hammer
[the "liberal media"] love to be denounced from the right, and the right loves to denounce them, because that makes them look like courageous defenders of freedom and independence while, in fact, they are imposing all of the presuppositions of the propaganda system.-chomsky
stop the violence and start the revolution-talib
when i give food to the poor, they call me a saint.  when i ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.-*propname*
the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
what i didn't want: more characters on heroes.
and until peoples learn to spot the fanning of mass emotions and the sowing of bitterness, suspicion, and intolerance as crimes in themselves - as perhaps the greatest disservice that can be done to the cause of popular government - this sort of thing will continue to occur.
thank you, *propname*, for still being on the ballot so that stupid people could vote for you.
"how impious is the title of sacred majesty applied to a worm, who in the midst of his splendor is crumbling into dust!"-*propname*.  they don't make writers like they used to.
"fuck you, dolphin!"
yankees woooo
"necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. it is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves." - *propname*
steelers!
"britain's desire to be a big player on the world stage has delivered huge benefits including being dragged into a series of catastrophic wars with america's throbbing tumescence lodged firmly at the back of our throat, while at the same time being unable to afford decent roads, railways, schools and hospitals. it's what we call a 'win-win'."
my fucking computer got a virus.  incredible.
i have to quit drinking diet coke.  much sadness and headaches.
all aboard the u.s.s. rational basis.
restoration! or, why lts is incredible.
why do you insist that the human genetic code is "sacred" or "taboo"? it is a chemical process and nothing more. for that matter -we- are chemical processes and nothing more. if you deny yourself a useful tool simply because it reminds you uncomfortably of your mortality, you have uselessly and pointlessly crippled yourself. chairman *propname*, "looking god in the eye"
spit so hard that it oughta be a crime
spit it so hard it oughta be a crime.
fucking *propname*.
the mind of a child is where the revolution begins.
kansas city chiefs over pittsburgh steelers, 27-24.  disgrace.
i found my actual wep key!!!!
classes over!  home in a week.
fuck. yes.
"we're supposed to call it h1n1." "i refuse to back down to pig farmers.  not today, not ever."
kill them all.  god will recognize his own.-*propname*
face the facts. then act on them. it's the only mantra i know, the only doctrine i have to offer you, and it's harder than you'd think, because i swear humans seem hardwired to do anything but. face the facts. don't pray, don't wish, don't buy into centuries-old dogma and dead rhetoric. don't give in to your conditioning or your visions or your fucked-up sense of... whatever. face the facts. then act.
stability means we run it. there are countries that are very stable. cuba is stable, but that's not called stability.
avatar: best picture
wow new orleans.
now bamboo thinks it's wood, and that pisses me off.
i passed stats motherfucker!!!!
hey, it actually is december.
and then, i got food poisoning.
show me a completely smooth operation and i'll show you a cover up. real boats rock. -*propname*
if i see another king, i think i shall bite him.-*propname*.
rule of the great:    when people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep thoughts, they are probably thinking about lunch.
"we rule by consensus." "what if the americans object?" "we don't operate."
"libertarianism is just anarchism for rich people."
progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things.-heinlein
"no one lets charms in the vehicle in the entire united states marine corps."
r.i.p. *propname*.
i didn't know this, but *propname* is apparently a hebrew name that means "the lord remembers," which is basically incredible.
let's go lions
*propname* was ejected from the new york state senate, which is good, because he slashed his girlfriend with a knife.
good work, golden globes.
it's the prophet versus them profits all the time.