i guess this is our last goodbye | and you don't care, so i wont cry | but you'll be sorry when i'm dead | and all this guilt will be on your head | i guess you'd call it suicide | but i'm too full to swallow my pride.
r.i.p mj
<3 sumir.
rip *propname*...
walked out this morning, dont believe what i saw | a hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore | seems im not alone at being alone | a hundred billion castaways, looking for a home...
you always knew just how to make me cry | and never did i ask you questions why | it seems you get your kicks from hurting me | don't try to understand me | because your words just aren't enough | love is a feeling | give it when i want it | quench my des
tokyo.
went out for dinner with a man who just happened to be a host.  true story.
hey all!  my american phone is officially off!  don't call or text it anymore, k?
and we can live in a beautiful world hide away under peaceful skies. we can survive on time and a word feel the nights passing by.
i've finally gotten around to uploading all of my japan pictures so far.  i know there are an unbelievable amount of them (forgive me, i love taking pics), but enjoy them!
alliance, n. in international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each otherÕs pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.
missed teaching at the elementary school thursday...  -sad-
wants to fall in love~
woke up late and didn't get to eat breakfast today -sad- i'm so hungry...
i want someone to buy me dinner.
"the greatest happiness is to scatter your enemy, to drive him before you, to see his cities reduced to ashes, to see those who love him shrouded in tears, and to gather into your bosom his wives and daughters."
i always make it a rule to let the other fellow fire first.  if a man wants to fight, i argue the question with him and try to show him how foolish it would be.  if he can't be dissuaded, why then the fun begins but i always let him have first crack.  then when i fire, you see, i have the verdict of self-defence on my side.  i know that he is pretty certain in his hurry, to miss.  i never do.
i want to be loved, but you don't seem to love me | i'm wandering aimlessly within this repetition | and the answer i found is only one; that even if i'm scared, even if i'm hurt | i'll say "i love you" to the person i love
so bored.
Ò?????Ó ???????? ???????? you and i ???? ??????? ????? ???????????? ???????? Òi want to see youÓ right now! even though i want to shout it. i no longer can say Òyou and iÓ even if i try to force it. i canÕt catch you back then you used to be in my armsbut youÕre gone now.
is missing you.
"in the absence of orders, find something and kill it."   -*propname*
"i have a ship and a fighting crew and a girl with lips like wine, and that's all i ever asked.  lick your wounds, bullies, and break out a cask of ale.  you're going to work ship as she never was worked before.  dance and sing while you buckle to it, damn you! to the devil with empty seas! we're bound for waters where the seaports are fat, and the merchant ships are crammed with plunder!"
lupin, like mr. huttle, has original and sometimes wonderful ideas; but it is those ideas that are so dangerous. they make men extremely rich or extremely poor. they make or break men. i always feel people are happier who live a simple unsophisticated life. i believe i am happy because i am not ambitious.
like fire, hellfire,  this fire in my skin.        this burning, desire,         is turning me to sin.  | it's not my fault; i'm not to blame.   it is the gypsy girl; the witch who sent this flame  | it's not my fault; if in god's plan.  he made the devil so much stronger than a man
la~st christmas, i gave you my heart.  the very next day, you gave it away... this year, to save me from tears, i'll give it to someone special.
i hope the survivors in haiti receive aid quickly...
i will be in tokyo on the 10th!  anyone want to entertain//be entertained by me while i'm there?
i like asahi super dry... very much.
your face.
slowly walking down the hall, faster than a cannonball~  where were you while we were getting high? someday you will find me, caught beneath the landslide, in a champagne supernova in the sky~~~
will be in tokyo all of wednesday morning~ does anyone want to hang out?