four day camping trip!!! holy crap! this is going to be fun...
how do i change my name??
things just got really complicated
im back and sunburned bad... ill just have to live with it i guess.
bored to tears... well not literally but... im still bored!
whats on my mind........ well hopefully the top of my head.....
happy fourth everyone
is still doing nothing all summer
the first day of school was ssloooooww...... hopefuly it will get better as the year gos on
football!!!!! first scrimmage today! its gonna be awesome!!!
i think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running and even better if the get tired first!
i think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running... and its even better if they get tired first!
what can one do when one is bored?
can't wait for fair bowl!
we won 35 to 34! close but still a win!!!
haha! you can't say im a bored person all the time..... i had a great weekend!
im so boreded again.......
having fun at school....... hmmm....... nvm
its snowing this morning........                  is that supposed to happen??
can't wait for friday! (football game)
liked the greenhand conference and enjoyed watching volleyball woop butt today.....
im so bored!!!
is awesomely cool!!!
homecoming was awesome! i loved getting that tackle!! i wanna play again.....
im so bored today..... im always bored... i dont know why... hmmm
how do i change my facebook user name
cant wait for friday!
there were some scary people today... *whispers (opposite sex day)*
what a great life i have... first my nose... now my fricken hand!
ugh! another game lost..... we need to work as a team!
basketball is fun but we've lost two games and won two
lost another game... but dang!! was it close
new status time... now what should i put... oh well
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! :) x this should be interesting.
ah! i hate being sick..... now i have to go to school tomorrow..... (hate that to)
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! :) x this should be interesting.
dragons ignored human names when they didnt't like the bearer.