how i got my share of adrenalin this morning? :) so... im driving home from a long night;) today at 10am... and there is a cop waiting to give out tickets cause its the end of the month... and stops me for a broken tail light but i am driving w//o insurance and w expired inspection sticker by 5 months... hihihi :) well end of story :) no ticket:) just a warning ...
is waiting....
so... dear facebook, .. you deactive your account, and after you activate it all your groups are gone - pleasant surprise huh!
what a great night - *propname*'s cantina is def. the place to be.
wants to go to the cuban-puerto rican festival tomorrrrrrrow
hates airlines!
got a plaaaaaace to live and her car will be shiiiiped:) so 99% will be in ithaca on the 6th of nov and given that that's a friday will parteyyyyy! who is up for it?!
hmm...
feels special:)
tralala my car is packed and ready to go....
is not in boston yet but she will be soon.
...
plodchetata:)
hmmm off facebook again?
woohoo:) is secretly cleared:)
1.) facebook - fix the update bug on the share on the home page. 2.).... ughhh wish i got a relocation package.... 3.) ;( missed the cuban festival... 4.) after barely staying awake all day under the hood now i am wide awake... great timing ...
looking for *propname* in boston//providence - anybody know anything?
trying to optimize windows vista - all suggestions welcome!
ughhhhhh!
loves her work and coworkers!
has cable:)
so.... i gotta spend 1200-1300 on tires.... nice eh
: control arms
arnuihooo :( r.i.p.
arni :'(''''oo
is gonna get zumba certified
happy halloween everyone!
wanted to go to las haciendas 2nite...
moved into her apartment last night and is loving it:)
arni:(
may be in ithaca on the night of nov. 6th.
loves her blue water view;) with the swans swimming in it
arniuho :(
-3 f!
didn't get home until 5:30am ... cause she had to drive an hr+ back fromm boston in rain and fog but it was totaly worth it getting in 15 minutes before the club closed:) xuxuxuxu
so.... i gotta spend 1200-1300 on tires.... nice eh
is happy cause *propname* called her::):)
r.i.p. *propname*! :'(
hopes there is a delayed opening tomorrow:) hehehe
another shitty day...completed by a shitty evening
ughhhh!
just took her first hot shower in a month:)!!! yupeee... it felt so good;)
is exhausted..
is thankful for her friends
f'ing ri and its ppl
loves the jewelry her aunt sent her from bulgaria... and the boots & pants her mom and sis sent her from houston:) and her itty bitty car:) hehehe especially since she got a second car wash for free at tasca today hehe
does a 40degree f difference matter? when its bw 20 and 60?
dear facebook: please make me happy and allow me to use your application at least on the holidays... when i actually have the desire to: in other words -> fix your plugins!
what a great night:) zzz.
5//6//2010 - springfield, ma $55 - lord of the dance, who wants to go? (send me a msgs and lets go together)
happy new year!!!:)p
who is up to going to washington dc for lord of the dance in april?>
prefers illegal-mexicans construction work to white american
ok so it appears that people couldn't even comment on my poll:) so here it is again --- seems like everyone wants to write on my wall:) and i have been getting complains,.... so here is a poll: do u want to write on my wall? yes//no.. :
wants to go to the aventura concert at mohegan sun
got home at 3... went to bed at 330, got up at 730, went to work at 830, left work at 530, got home at 600, took e nap at 630, woke up at 830... dinner shower and havana;)!
yupii:) vw !!!
: my head is killing me:(
vw ... ;)p hmmmmm
just woke up
*propname* needs to fix its record keeping big time!
someone tried to steal my car tonight and my car told me :) yay! ?
when does facebook start classifying updates as recent activity?
beverly hills, ca or london, uk ...
i don't get some people...you offer to help them- they are lazy and don't bother to send their shit... months later when its too damn late they ask you to help them.. wtf
seems like everyone wants to write on my wall:) and i have been getting complains,.... so here is a poll: do u want to write on my wall? yes//no.. :
...
its nice to have unexpected friends whom u talk w once a month or two
wtf a grand a month...luxury my ass --- manager tells me to write neatly cause sincce i am a scientist she cant understand my writing --- hello!!! since when r u supposed to understand a signature - so i wrote her a 2 page single spaced letter explaining how i want my money back and my car fixed!
has to build her facebook app...
fuck rhode island
slept uh.... 16 hrs?!
*propname* - *propname*