"we never forget the truth, we only get better at lying to ourselves"
is going into a morphine-induced slumber
is bargin it up north!
broke her forearm, dislocated and sheared her elbow, fractured 3 ribs and lacerated her spleen jumping off a ledge into the san lorenzo river on friday. she'll be on the 2nd floor in dominican hospital rm 2210 until tuesday if anyone wants to keep her com
is so excited to finally get out of the hospital tomorrow!
finally has some legit painkillers, hopefully my metal arm stops hurting soon! for now, i think i'm gonna watch the entire series of entourage since i still have two days of bed rest. *propname* can help me back to health anyday ;)
so i dont have to keep typing this evrytime sum1 asks... slipped during a cliff jump, didnt clear the rocks below. sheared the ball joint in my left elbow, dislocated it (compound fracture), compound fracture in my forearm, 3 fractured ribs and lacerated 
is getting much better :d
has a new perspective. its crazy how close i came to dying on friday.... i'm very happy to be out of the hospital and at my parent's house again. come visit me! i'm on bed rest 'till sunday and then only low activity for the next 3 months
woke up in a lot of pain and then hit the morphine button like 6 times... pain's not totally gone but at least its subsided a little
is bored in santa cruz...
s spleen is healing nicely but she still can't feel her fingertips on her left hand. she also wishes the nurses' assistants weren't so incompetent... one helped me to the toilet this morning then left and never came back to help me back into bed (which i
just got the most amazing rainbow tutu and leggings!
is so sick of this hospital and not being able to do things on her own
now takes the storke exit into iv instead of the los carneros exit... weird
is in isla vista without a phone
is gettin ready for reggae!
mmm... strawberry rhubarb cobbler... mmmm
the heart is a wilderness with beauty and emptiness that you endure 'cause you never can be sure
commercial narrator: "we're all searching for it. most of us don't even know what we're looking for. but we all feel it, that unexplainable emptiness that can only be filled by one thing." then they pan to the stars and the answer appears. scientology. ri
that is a problem. that is not trusting the nowness properly that what is the actual experience now possesses a lot of powerful things. it is so powerful that we can't face it. therefore, we have to borrow from the past and invite the future all the time. maybe that's why we seek religion. maybe that's why we march in the street. maybe that's why we complain to society. maybe that's why we vote for the presidents.
can't sleep because the dog  keeps barking at something in the yard and its kinda freakin me out
rediscovered an old journal and some old poetry of hers and is spending the day pondering who she is and who her real friends are                            ....... bed rest has given me a lot of time to think lol *<:~)
i find it interesting that i cannot reply to comments on *propname*'s page without entering my phone number. a neighbor of mine received threatening calls from a conservative group after voicing her opinion at a rally. how they got her number i do not know but i wonder if the same would have happened to me if i entered my number... scary stuff
"we have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down" -*propname*.
which mustache?!?!
is missing isla vista hardcore tonight :( i need an adventure...
is getting everything to work out despite the drastic change in plans
is going to the city tonight even though she's broken! ooo and my cousin drew a pretty pink cupcake on my cast :d
got burned by steak grease and has blisters on her leg :(   i'm just tryin to ignore it but i think the chef owes me a serious sesh (*cough* *propname* *cough*cough*) hahaha
i think we're walking step in step, but you don't speak your mind. i think i see it in your eyes, but maybe its just a reflection of mine.
is packing up old baggage, mailing it away to timbuktu and starting a new day :)
"see, when you forgive your imperfections, and you've auctioned all your clothes, and you look to see your true reflection, you will be the one who loves you the most" -*propname* "the one who loves you the most"
is getting on her longboard for the first time in 3 months :d !!!!! now it's time to go around isla vista collecting flowers for my new apartment :)
is stoked for west beach today!!! too bad its not sunnier... didn't someone tell santa barbara its still summer?
both of the towns i live in have been on fire an lot recently :(
is regaining her colors and fitting into her skin again :d
is repairing her very broken math skills one equation at a time
"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can lift us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*propname*
is headin downtown for some live music on this lovely sunday afternoon :)
is so stoked to see *propname*, *propname* and *propname* at the hollywood bowl with her lady tonight!!!
is preparing for five days of awesomeness. hurray for geo18!
is cuddleing with *propname*, the cutest puppy ever!
is living on cloud nine... aka in the montecito hills. the house i moved into is insanely beautiful and best of all... its free!!!
has a long day in the field tomorrow and then is escaping isla vista for the weekend :d
loves her field fridays and beer hour! thanks *propname* for being such a great beer czar
is spending her day off watching dexter instead of being productive like she should be...
is thankful for her quite patio to watch the meteor shower from tonight :) anyone want to join me?
"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can life us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*propname*
is anyone home in this ghost town?
is about to go for a thankgiving hike with her family :)
is thankful for a warm fire, good wine and her ladies :d
downtown or international party? hmmm decisions decisions... one thing's for sure, no more studying for tonight :d
can't believe she's leaving the lodge in the morning after two years.... its the end of an era :( *propname* i love you forever!!!
how can i be expected to work when there is so much fun puddle jumping to be done?
a simple smile can change a day, an understanding look can say "i know exactly how you feel." but we have learned to build our walls, so very strong and very tall, for fear of what the world might steal
had a really stressful day at work but got a $45 tip :) thank you microsoft
just finished her last quarter at ucsb. crazy.
is very happy with her grades and even happier that she didn't spend more time than needed on school this quarter!
come with me, come with me, we'll travel to infinity
folk and tribal arts festival at the museum of natural history, gonna go find some gifts and watch some bellydancing :)
is exhausted but so ready to see her ladies tomorrow!
just got back from the reel rock film show and officially views *propname* as the biggest badass ever
is applying for the peace corps//master's international in civil engineering!
you don't need no reason nor a three peice suit to argue the truth
is overwhelmed by data... and this is supposed to be a quick, easy lab? i barely even know where to start... my lack of experience is kicking my ass :(
finally got her computer back in shape! open office, utorrent and skype; now i can actually make use of my computer again!
roast + wine + family + south park = a very happy *propname*
will not be going on the fall 2009 semester at sea voyage. doctor's orders. i have never been so devastated in my entire life...
snow snow snow snow!!!!!! here i come!!!!
got distracted in borders for over three hours today... why did they have to put the rhyming dictionary next to the science section? all i wanted was the dictionary but i ended up reading about things from string theory to the genetic destiny of the y-chromosome (apparently men are on the slow but certain path towards extinction...) for most of the afternoon
finished her stats paper and bought her ticket for brett dennen on the 12th! the world is wonderful again :)  now i am off to work for the next 8 hours... not so wonderful but oh well
is waging a vendetta against ucsb parking services!
does anyone have malarone (anti-malaria med) that they don't need?
is overwhelmed with excitement
is headin to the doctor yet again but then reggae in the redwoods tonight at the brookdale lodge :d
is gettin' on the road, feelin' fine. i'll be back in isla vista in no time!
had a great time at the devil makes three new years and now its time to pack for semester at sea!!!!
is in hawaii, yay!
is in hawaii yay! no more phone after this... email at arsherrin@semesteratsea.net
received early acceptance to michigan tech in civil engineering!!!!!!!!!!!!  now its time for my peace corps application! get ready world, 'cause here i come!
is in san diego, boarding the mv explorer tomorrow morning! if you want to follow my voyage, i'm keeping a blog at    http:////sherrinthelove.blogspot.com//
i am once, i am twice, i am the whole, i'm just a slice.