has bed bugs..... ewwwww!
and mosquito bites
mondays are the new thursdays- anthony bourdain + *propname*  = forgetting your financial troubles
is annoyed with herself
is not turning on her cell at the moment, or for the next few days- dont take it personally.
is trying to figure out everything.....
wants no more friend or exboyfriend drama drama
is out for the count
its the little things in life- fresh flowers, katie ion, netflix instant movies
is bummed the instant movie didnt pull through
wants to go to paris. anyone care to accompany me?
one minute at a time
loves avoiding burning a whole in her pocket. lesportsac purses and dvd overload.
really hates california's economy right now
i lost.....my ex is in a relationship before me
is having a great day so far, thanks to santa paula noon meetings. and my mom.
is *propname*'s bestbian
misses the ability to drive
mi familia de la cuidad de mexico esta aqui! necesito que practicar mi espanol.
is wearing red lipstick, watching movies, hot boys, and her mother screech at the family dog..... "random" doesnt even begin to describe this scene
anthony bourdain bliss
turbo tax tried charging me $140 dollars to process my taxes. my mom did it for free. fuck you turbo tax and thanks mom for saving the day.
is on her way up north to face her judgement
target is my savior- sandals, dresses and shirts, oh my!
is slightly smitten with the phoenix family. its weird, i know.
is hoping to finally get a break tomorrow!
rhinanna is just getting crazier and crazier. or more stupid.
feels like a bum without legs
having a job again is weird, but welcome.
is 3 years to go
s electronics are giving out.
is celebrating her 90th day with dieting and work whahooo! not.
is in love with her new black peacoat. who else is pumped it's fall?
is sick in an way she's never been physically sick before. feels like a hangover mixed with the flu mixed with weakness and nausea
hates the business that is the united states' healthcare system
thinks rhianna's italian vogue photoshoot is in bad taste and inappropriate. yuck.
is excited for nbc thursdays- especially excited for community
is in love with *propname*.
"la vie en rose"- there are no words. absolutely brilliant, honest, and beautiful movie.
is flashing lights kanye style
i got a break! a $3000 healthcare break! whoooooo
is actually going to see someone besides my mother on my day off. no offense mom. u r fabulous but im turning into a 13-year-old not-out-of-the-closet-yet gay man by the amount of time i spend with you.
arggggggggggggg!!!!!!!
true blood is getting me in the halloween spirit. damn, bill is hot.
michael scott dancing in the booze cruise episode is really entertaining to me right now.
the office, cleaning, and hanging con mi madre are my drugs of choice this evening
rip prague nights fall semester 2007
needs a hot hair cut. anyone know where i can get a fierce one for under 50 in vc?
wants to know when she became a single 35-year-old lady. tonight i visited a dating site and watched "accidentally on purpose" and felt for the characters. seriously?!
is ready for her day off
life is looking up
is excited to kick it old school with an old friend in a new place
why does netflix need me to have at least 6 dvds in my queue? i think 5 is quite enough, thank you gluttonous 'merica.
is rediscovering her love for bjork
money, teeth cleaning, g-ma's, bus, top secret errand, target, rodarte dress for $40(!!!), some warm and comfy- themed xmas shopping, spending time with mom, coffee, sephora.com, the office, stepping outside and forgetting how cold it gets without proper coverage- productive and selfindulgent bliss. not a bad day off.
wants to find a way to san fran after the new year
is in love. with *propname*.
is going to start using disposable cameras again- she agrees with stephanie that the anticipation of not knowing what will show up is very missed
thank you to everyone who sent me fb love and made my birthday more special than i could ever have imagined. im sooooooo lucky to have so many great souls in my life.
is very excite for today and this weekend.
its a beautiful fall day in southern california.
s g-ma is the coolest
wishes she was moving on up in the world. but at least she has ja'mie to get her through it.
today is my 2 month birthday!
intervention- heroine and xanax and crack- oh my.
is having a bad day. not even target, shoes, nor a good guacamole carls jr. burger could bring me up.
summer heights high. ja'mie, jonah, and mr. g. im hooked on chris lilley.
um, amy poehler is rocking my world right now. seriously, the bad date rant was hysterical. tivo that shit. and by that shit, i mean parks and recreation.
ten movies to watch right now (and some you can instant netflix) 1. la vie en rose 2. shrink (if you love la) 3. paris je'taime (if you love paris) 3. clay pidgeons (*propname* is priceless) 4. quills 5. away we go 6. sunshine cleaning 7. a league of their own 8. smart people (i heart *propname*'s page and sjp) 9. frost//nixon 10. doubt