guess i might start using facebook more then...so much info to port over.
i just moved everything that was on my myspace to this "wonderful" site. i really don't even know why. i was bored maybe? i bet i'll hardly ever use it.
almost killed myself trying to get a piece of non-existent parchment paper from my spider infested basement. also, why would we buy amish fruit salad? these are the questions
officially hates interpreting poetry.
bored...gonna go watch thundercats on 50". exciting evening, eh?
i can really see this dislike button being abused for very ironic purposes... (now, joy, i get to read jane eyre)
in the process of trying to write a masterpiece! (oh, the vanity)
sleep...
gonna read "shf"
bought "season 1" of the old thundercats cartoon; watching the shit out of this old nostalgic favorite right now. on an unrelated note, i have tons of homework. looks like a good combination.
apparently i read better while listening to pink floyd. really helps with stimulating the mind.
anyone have a need or desire for a (formerly stray) red tick hound dog?
reading "a clockwork orange", and then on to "slaughter-house five"...probably
just slept from 7am to 5pm @_@. woops
new (temporary) dog in my house. concerned about worms, for his sake and sparky's.
what an ordeal this has been. this dog is killing me. so hard to keep he and sparky separated too...
parkour: not good to practice in the house.
the french have redeemed themselves as a nationality with the invention of parkour!
i'm going to sleep out of pure boredom. goodbye for now, conscious world.
just passed a mensa practice exam. did a litlte worse than i should have, due to having misunderstood 2 or 3 questions, and one seemed like a trick. i feel pretty smart right now nonetheless.
putting up my wonderfully fake tree. it has given me joy (read as pain//hatred) for the past four years now. now it can grace my livingroom yet again!
another day gone...so bored, but too uninspired to do anything creative. *sigh* still gotta write for you *propname*. written any more of that?
starting from chapter one and going from there. thank you *propname*!
well, this poem might, loosely, imitate *propname*'s poem... not sure i used enough imagery
facebook is very hard to navigate with everything written like a pirate. i'll just have to adjust :)
mom woke me up today at noon; i was a little peeved. stayed in bed for about ten minutes and went: oh shit, it's christmas isn't it. completely forgot.
what's with everyone going to bed so early? the night is still within the nadir. the last remnants of the day remain like a youthful child reluctant to mature. carpe noctem!
sleep. i have the act in the morning after all...
just found a word for word modern translation of othello; hoorah, hooray!
is listening to some kickass russian hip-hop. i have no clue what they're saying, but it's awesome.
watching a bunch of movies. i'm starting with "the quiet earth"
wow, already a two-hour delay.
why so early? it was expected, but no school already?! zippadee zoodah, zippadee day...
just curious; if i'm so damn annoying with my vocabulary and ideas, might someone tell me why they talk to me exactly?
yea, so, *propname*'s reading assignment...not due tomorrow. just letting you guys know.