best. wedding. ever. i love you to death em and col!
who's gonna see the harry potter movie with me? the person who comes is still allowed to judge me.
is sick =(
34,865 kleenex and some codeine later, kea rejoins the world of the living...
took the first step toward developing a green thumb today. windowbox basil, anyone?
good god, vacation can't get here soon enough. here i come sun, sand, fresh seafood, and pleasure reading!
well, it finally happened: i bought a coffee so big it didn't fit in my microwave for re-heating. (sub-status update: go to bing.com for some major boston pride ;-)
enjoying the lovely golden weekend!
couldn't hate these new gap commercials more. they are seriously the devil's handiwork.
s dream of a roof garden will not be dashed, gosh darn it!
is pretty inspired by how active (and cool) some of her geriatrics patients are...
so like, what's the deal with *propname*? i think i'm missing a basic understanding of this cultural phenomenon.
did anyone else think it was obvious *propname* and *propname* were getting a divorce like 34 seasons ago?
life is so good! medicine rocks and i am so proud of my man for his stellar performance review today. here comes the first latino microsoft ceo, watch and wait.
the roof garden is born! will post pics after a dinner made with our very own herbs =)
hates saying bye to *propname*=(
apparently, all it takes for me to go on a semi-psychotic, cockroach-killing rampage is two glasses of wine and a strategically placed dansko.
ok, the new *propname* & *propname* is kind of amazing. now who is coming with me on 10//22?
very slowly meandering my way toward garden bliss. does anyone in philly have a patio umbrella they're trying to rid themselves of, by chance?
days becoming so much shorter...
hooked on weeds without any way of getting my next dose soon. damn you, netflix instant queue and your empty promises.
if this societal obsession with vampires had happened while i was going through my "phase" in middle school, it really could have changed my life.
good luck on shelves tomorrow, friends!
out into the cool fall air for lots of mocha and a little studying.
never appreciated how good a dancer *propname* was until the recent marathons of dirty dancing. kudos where kudos are due.
anyone interested in joining me for *propname* y *propname* on oct. 22 at the electric factory? ticket are $35 =( but i'd go with good company!
s mind was just completely blown by the awesomeness of zahav (israeli restaurant here). easily in the top three restaurants i've eaten at, worldwide. go there. now.
enjoying the nostalgia of fall...
hi, fall.
how about getting to bed early? anyone want to jump on the bandwagon?
forty-five minutes on a rittenhouse bench, with a bag full of veggies and la colombe mocha, really turns the day around =)
just had chicken mcnuggets for dinner. this is a new low. and it's called "short call at chop."
just burned out.
q3 overnight call at chop tomorrow. poopie.
forgot how much she missed house until she saw the premiere. love it.
thinks it feels pretty fly to see her tiny shoots of arugula (and spinach, kale, and two types of lettuces) battling the odds!
hm. apparently running for the first time in months makes me simultaneously feel like horse $#!@ and want to devour a steak. wasn't prepared for that.
how did fall completely slip through the crack between summer and winter?
maybe i should have bing'd whether staph aureus toxin is inactivated via boiling before boiling and eating the soup i left out for 24 hours.
*propname* at ritfit is my new favorite person. it's kinda nice to be cajoled into thinking you're "way stronger than you think" at doing bicep curls. and that's what i'm paying him for.
just scared myself senseless by watching most of dracula. i am such a bigger pansy than i used to be, back in my vampire-obsessed, middle-school days...
sick day today =(
weekends go by so quickly... =(
no wonder *propname* *propname* *propname* dumped *propname*. his song about her is horrendous, even for a 90s ballad. now i understand that *propname* is a (marginal) step up for her. *shudder*
had about 7l of insensible losses via mouth-breathing last night and woke up with a tongue the consistency of beef jerky. this viral uri can stick it up its tiny viral you-know-whoosy.
holy crap. i am in love with you *propname* y *propname*. in love with you.
turned the heat on, finally.
can't taste her food and is officially pissed at her uri.
somtimes you just gotta laugh.
finally drove out the dust ponies. they were becoming too domesticated and needed to be set free in their natural habitat.
needs free and lazy costume ideas. the polls are open!
has 10 times more respect for *propname* after her crazy bra lady moves. herioc indeed.
watched in shock today as a nurse on the bus poked and yelled at an old, disabled man for sitting too close to her in the section designated for old and disabled people. wishing i'd said something.
buy a christmas//hannukah//kwanzaa//solstice tree? check. get step 1 books? check. start dinner before 10pm? check. it's really amazing what we can accomplish when we're let out of surgery early!
sunday blues.
i recounted my nap-dream to raf just now. he recounted that he wanted to shoot himself in the face. apparently the narrative was much more exciting and dramatic in my head...
note to self: trying to rekindle an old flame for string cheese is not well accomplished using low-salt, skim mozarella sticks.
not only is dracula good, but batman forever is still amazing. i had such good taste in movies as a high schooler, holy crap! and now i like the holiday?!
christmas tree decorating. *propname* of the bells. potentially cocoa and//or holiday cookie baking. i am officially the worst jew ever.
is anyone else kinda suffering through this elective ranking process? i spent months obsessing over the exciting possibilities, and now all i want to do is avoid it...
halfway done with med school and off to the outer banks for two weeks. limited access to phone and e-mail, but will check when i can! congrats classmates!
*propname* has officially caused my imminent failing of ob//gyn. i have spent a cumulative day reading "the hunger games" and its sequel, "catching fire" in the last week. and now i can't study because i'm pining for the final book in the series, which won't come out til august. damn you, *propname*, and your cruel attempt to get me reading again!
brokeback is officially the most depressing movie of all time.
thank you, case files. if it weren't for you, i wouldn't know what to expect when undergoing "the menopause."
home sweet turkey!
sunday. *propname* gone. and the person standing in line behind me at the minimart, who saw me paying with a bill that had a giant inappropriate anatomical figure on it, was a pastor. of course.
me: "omg i am tired after two robotic-assisted laparoscopic hysterectomies with bilateral salpingoopherectomies. *propname*: "awesome i did a fatakanicous dilopidous internal rectomy today too." i pity the fool who is forced to date a med student.
t-6 days til st. john and leaving *propname* til march. i just realized how weird this feels.
mmm. nothing like tea and galetti to transport me back to early morning breakfasts in florence.
"cuz when the roof caved in and the truth came out i just didn't know what to doooo, but when i become a star we'll be living so large i'll do anything for youuuu...". on repeat. i don't care if this makes me a loser.
got a white christmas of her own: hilltop house engulfed in a cloud all day! thx for pulling through, st. john ;-)
santa must love me; st. john bound in t-11 days!
if there had been a real fire tonight, everyone in my building (including me) would be burned to a crisp right now because apparently a fire alarm isn't enough to lure us from our dens.
wishes the weekend would never end =)
waiting for a batch of homemade peppermint bark to set in the fridge to help ring in the new year! suck it, williams sonoma, with your exorbitant prices!
wouldn't mind if a philly, nyc, or boston friend posted pics of the snowy city to fb! c'mon, give a girl a white christmas =)
kea: for the love of god, i am begging you to return those heinous brooks brothers shirts. *propname*: well your face is heinous. and i don't ask you to return that. (just another morning's playful banter between someone studying for step 1 and someone fighting off an awful cold...)
finally caved and saw avatar. as i suspected, real life now looks bland and 2-d. =//
just canceled out the vote of an obnoxious, be-cashmere-scarved prettyman chanting "*propname*, hare krishna, *propname*" in the middle of starbucks. health care for all!
here's hoping the house and senate can reach some sort of agreement...
almost just passed out in the library trying to test my valsalva//baroreceptor//hr reflex. and no, my reflex is not intact, thankyouforasking. frick!
is officially more than halfway done studying for step 1. yikos.
just completed her night cheese ;-)
would rather be potting. even after 10 hours in the studio this weekend...
s library nemesis has answered her pine nut brittle with chips, a paper lunch bag, and a thinly-veiled apology for his "snack attack." touché, library nemesis, touché.
just found a blue rubber band in her pork wonton.
really, usmle world? you really want me to know which growth factor receptors have intrinsic tyrosine kinase activity, and which ones need jak//stat for signal transduction? i poop on you.
i hate to disappoint you, but my rubber lips are immune to your charms.
1. kea: a) one who has an excessive amount of cool b) a verb showing that someone is doing something sick c) a person filled with self-loathing for actually following this fb fad
meh.
ok, *propname*. you only get to name one disease with a name that ridiculous. come on!
can't decide if it's good or bad that med students score worse than a monkey randomly choosing an answer for some of these usmle questions...
just typed "loves 30 rock so much it hurts sometimes" into the fb search box. i think i'm hemorrhaging brain cells at this point.
had a dream last night that i defied the laws of the space-time continuum. isn't that like the holy grail of dreams?
who dat?!
seriously going insane. actually wishing i could move up my date to spare myself the psychological nightmare of last-minute usmle studying.
thinks one of her library nemeses is trying her own emergency tactic on her, namely, faking a horrendous cough to drive others away. oh, it's on, bitch!
caved.