me + exams = epic phail ~.~
*begins chanting in an unknown language with warcraft music playing in the background*
is gonna get his own laptop soon (tomorrow) >.> finally... after all these years... waiting... for my revenge!! (on the online world that is) :o
after spending time on watching code geass instead of doing my pw... i realised... that is was soooo worth it... best anime show ever... fuck the ending... ugh...
its over 9000!!!@#$%^&!! :d
believes that life is like the open sea, and truth is the wind in our sails. (no wonder i'm not moving)
i suck!
just experienced water rationing. it was fun. it's what happens when construction workers screw up and break the water pipe for your block... lol (no water the whole day today and tomorrow) :o
just had an awesome friday. like, seriously... haha
songrocxzxzxzxzzx
i have to run, run to the moment that set me free. i need to know why i hear the sound... the sound of my dream -
nothing comes to my mind...
realised that he is actually a virgo... lol
there is no emotion; there is peace.  there is no ignorance; there is knowledge.  there is no passion; there is serenity.  there is no death; there is the force.
thanks to some random person in my class having h1n1, my exams have been postponed for like... a entire week!!! so now... back to warcraft... and imma panic later xd
needs to wake up...
needs to change...
is now even less likely to study because fortune teller genius told him that he didn't have to >.>
loves the rain, it makes him feel better for some reason... good bye suicidal thoughts, hello happy ones ^^ moar rain plz!!!!! d:
needs to stop consumption of harmful substances ... but can't d:
thanks everyone, for the birthday wishes, appreciate it (:
wants the world to hurry up and end already.....
reflecting upon an entire week of school break: - good news - i cleaned my room! - bad news   - that was about the only beneficial thing i did the entire week..... conclusion: i'm sooooo screwed..... >_>
he who has not found something which he would die for has no right to live.
after 3 hours of online reading and research, i have diagnosed myself to have a type of red-green colour deficiency, under anomalous trichomy, called deuteranomaly.  life sucks! ...
so many words and faces... so many different voices... where do they lead...
i love chaos, for most are consumed by it, blind to its hidden beauty, allowing me excludibility to revel at its magnificence.
i officially have got nothing to do ... at all... like... seriously...
weak hearts faint, when troubles rises. brave hearts soars, steals all the prizes. false heart, it shrinks small in peace. and finds in fear, no sucrease.
it has been confirmed... i'm going to poly! >=d now... to find a job while i wait... >.>
the americans have forgotten that they were once terrorists to the british ~
can't believe he overslept today... of all days... ~.~ the day of reckoning is at hand! xd
never thought that he would see the day where he would wish for failure.
the world is so desperate nowadays that the promise for peace can win a man a nobel prize. let's hope that he keeps his word.
i need to get a shirt that says, "i don't speak chinese!" ... like... seriously... ._.
needz moar!
trust should only be given to those who truly understand its value.
let's see... we've had typhoons in pacific asia, and now heavy flooding in the uk, bushfires in australia, landslides in turkey, volcano eruption in colombia, new mutation of h1n1 that's resistant to tamiflu, and a whole lot of violent human related killings, while here in singapore we complain about water reaching our ankles... wtf?!
when you start debating to yourself on the mechanisms of magic, you also subconciously debate as to the strength of your hold on reality. conclusion: fantasy is addictive. o,o
no sense makes nonsense, but nonsense makes sense. so what then is nonsense, in a world without sense? o.o
it's amazing how easily you can find aunties that speak both malay & chinese but not english...
me, myself, and my computer. deja vu
had a - has a fever. got stuck in a jam at orchard road. after the jam, bus broke down. while waiting at a new bus stop, two busses drove by without stopping. ended up taking four hours to get home. god is evil.
is finally on a role playing world of warcraft server! all aboard the fantasy train! >=d
no more tv mobile next year... i am sad... d:
"but i don't want to go among mad people," alice remarked. "oh, you can't help that," said the cat: "we're all mad here. i'm mad. you're mad." "how do you know i'm mad?" said alice. "you must be," said the cat, "or you wouldn't have come here."
women speak because they wish to speak, whereas a man speaks only when driven to speech by something outside himself -- like, for instance, when he can't find any clean socks...
watched inglorius basterds on blu-ray followed by avatar in 3d and is feeling soooo epic. dayum.
new philosophy for 2010: if it makes you feel good, then i say do it.
wow patch 3.3 is out... it's titled, "fall of the lich king" ... why must arthas die?! oh god why?! t-t ((then again... yay for justice! ^^))
is cutting his hair bald -
a break from the norm in the wake of this storm is the strange sound of silence as i wait to be born
well, according to my parents, when i was like 6, everytime my sister tried to call me 'abang', i'd shout at her and say, "brother!! not abang!!" at least now i know why i never got anywhere with malay >.>
there was a staff meeting earlier today... when everyone was gathered, attention focused on the manager, i heard the godfather soundtrack start to play over the speakers... just before the manager started speaking... coincidence? i think not! >.>
i made an oopsie :>
there's this guy at my workplace who only speaks chinese. we communicate through hand signals and inferrence on my part. at first, i just thought that he was really friendly, brotherly love and all that. then when the aunties saw him smiling at me, then told me in english, "he's gay." now i'm scared o_o
something wicked this way comes... ... o.o
quote of the day: "sex is a weapon the girls use to defeat us!" - random primary school boys who were sitting behind me on a bus... lol
is sooo screwed for his promos..... good bye jc life... ~.~
i have got loads of naturally white hair, am easily fatigued, suffer from the occasional backache, and am now growing a nice round tummy, apparently. i'm getting too old for this...