is attic apartment and tornado don't mix...the question is where to take cover?
is wondering why it's not sunny.
grand slam d *propname*!!!!
has successfully completed scuba dives 1 and 2!
canoeing during a severe thunderstorm with hail...not a good idea.
is packed and ready to go to san francisco//napa valley!
is let the san francisco adventure begin!
no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day. nor should people be forced to go without insurance because the cost of... "insuring" oneself is more than their cost of living.
go hawkeyes!
is now a certified scuba diver!
go hawks!!! survived the cold and pulled out a win!
is boycotting the 30% chance of rain//snow on saturday.
is headed to india over winter break!
oh tetanus shot, why must you hurt so much?!
will be tailgating at the iowa game...no rain please!
go hawks! ranked 9th!
hawkeyes you almost killed me tonight! thank god we won!
2 classes down...one essay to go. almost done for the semester!
is wishing i didn't have to proctor an exam at 7:30 am on monday...i hate mornings.
harry potter was excellent!
is done with her fifth semester of graduate school!
just got the oral typhoid vaccine and wonders how many people actually read the informational sheet provided.  i think their references are a little outdated.
is happy to have a new, working laptop.
the only good thing about the 11 hour bus ride from chennai to madurai...we didn't die...despite the multiple attempts by the bus driver. surprisenly we didn't hit any dogs, pedestrians, bicycles, motos, cars or trucks...very surprising.
wonders why the president is wearing a white sox coat?
i was attacked by a monkey today on the way to kodaikanal. luckly he bit my jeans and not my leg since i hear the rabies shot is not a lot of fun.
go iowa!
was handed a random baby at the temple today for a photo opt...happy pongal.
is starting the long process of heading home.
is glad the hawks won even if i was out in rural india and couldn't watch the game.
purchased my first sari and is wearing it to the new year's party tonight.
dear iowa winter, you win.
laissez le bon temps rouler!