i've lived in this place and i know all the faces each one is different but they're always the same they mean me no harm but it's time that i face it they'll never allow me to change'
to see you when i wake up is a gift i didn't think could be real
had an incredible night...from now on if ur looking for me on a tuesday night i will be at the derbs : )
there is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing'
definately maybe : )
wants to curl up and watch movies all night : )
wondering if i've got the strength to get through this one : //
help me remember --*propname*
got a job!!!! yesssssss : ) : ) : )
crawling into bed and sleeping for 500000000000   years..... <3 vegas
: )
cos all of the stars are fading away just try not to worry youll see them some day
thinking a downtown sb visit for halloween might be very necessary : )
ata motseh chen b'aynai
it's our god forsaken right to be loved <3 <3 <3 <3'd
cooking up a storm <3
on a mission to go back home for the world cup!!! anyone know how to not make it a mission? haha... south africa here we come <3 <3
bit my nails through that whole game... a wins a win though : )
true life: two young people believe that love can only be achieved with multiple partners...huh
my pin: 24797c05
no work tomorrow! finally...time for a great night and a morning of sleeping in : )
my pin: 24797c05
my intention is to go to your damn school...why do i need to write a whole essay telling you that!!!
thank you so much for all the bday love, i'm a lucky girl : ) come to the derby tonight to celebrate!!! call or text if you have questions <3 <3
poor chargers
to see you when i wake up is a gift i didn't think could be real'
wow i'm a very happy camper : ) i think an sb visit is in order now..katie no comments hahah <3 <3
this is not funny. tornados do not exist in orange county, they just dont.
only made it back to olympic from school...i like : )
not going to work today...i have a laker game to watch, very important. priorities, priorities.
define me urban dictionary "the most wonderful person in the world. kind, sweet, loving, caring, gentle. perfect in every way. the one you love for all your life. crazy hot girl. beautiful, smart & funny; *propname* posesses atributes absent in 99.9% of women. truly a lucky find. plus she rocks. the most wonderful drug in the world, better know as lortab. taking the pill may cause a sense of euphoria, & well being." hahaha
"distance is just a test to see how far love can travel"
3 more days until santa barbara!! its gonna be a phenomenal weeekend : )
just learned about how succe$$ful i will be, very shortly : ) dont be jealous, you get what you give
beautiful ceremony for a beautiful person. you will be missed and loved forever but never forgotten. rest peacefully <3