ive come to the conclusion that some people are really just not worth it - grow up n learn to forgive xxx
bubbles n apple 2gether again woop :d
2 sleepovers in 2 days - both amazin but am now shattered :p good times :d
oh c—mo me gusta cantar y hablar espa–ol
well done!! everyones done soo well so far n talk about energy :d - just 1 show left
media is kl :d
im in college yet im onb facebook - oh medias great :d
is fed up with messin with the relationship status n is goin to upload pics :d
wow y do i always seem to have massive convos over the most simplest of things lol
soy feliz :d
today was gd fun - was kl seein ppl :d
that took 4ever!
is very happy - for myself n for charlotte woop :d  p.s. cheers for the car lol :p
ppl please stop sendin messages - ur ovloadin facebook :p ahhh its gay
not really sure y everyone was so dissapointed by the hp film - i thought it was rather gd :d
yayness - i am happy :) :)
was pretty awesome 2night guys :) - cheers n yay for cars :p
eatin out of date chicken n out of date cucumber  :s  oh dear
had fun last night - was a gd party n other stuff etc etc :p
weeekend :)
really hopin this campin thing isnt goin to be as bad as im imaginin - no msn, n minimal hygiene *hides* bye ppl see u in 3 days!
is gettin rather annoyed at her innability to concentrate n get this one piece of business work finnished grrr - is resisting goin on msn though
grrrr bloody personal statement - have spent about 4 hours on it now n still have to get rid of 3 lines - its takin just as long to delete parts as it did to write the whole thing :( :(
mi novio aprende espa–ol - que bonito impresionante :)
feels like sleepin all the way to monday
my party was brilliant so thanku everyne who came :) - thanx also too everyone who gave me a gift or card they are all amazing and very lovely, so cheers :) xxx
yay for tomorrow :p
smile :)
bye ppl! spt has again been amaze n cant wait till next year! especially bye to *propname*, *propname*, *propname*, n *propname* - though im sure ill see u all again at some point! have a great holiday!!! xxxx
n now its all over :( - cant get seasons of love out my head though lol  was a pretty gd night tbh :)
wats better than a cookie?... a giant cookie loool mmm yum :)
muy infeliz
feliz navidad!! xxx
thanku sooooo much everyone for my birthday comments - im very happy :) xxxx
ohhh theres so many gd things to look forward tooo - cant wait!   :d
abburido...
facebook is all changed - i swear it wasnt that long ago i came on here!
wooo - i am so very happy :d