writing, then 2 chapters homework, then bed. or just loveline ?
my mind is so confusing, it's scary.
i just....i can't do this without family...friends. anybody ?
getting together map, snacks, music, and up-all-night accessories for hollywood. will starting driving at 4 am.
loveline, pills, and a kitty. best combo ever. night.
fucking hell, grrrr....
gah, head's pounding. i wish i wasn't in so much pain. it makes the pills that much more tempting...
okay, so what are the different plans for friday night in la ? there's *propname*...?
some people say pain can be controlled by the mind. i do not agree with these people. it doesn't mean i don't admire them though.
doctors seem to want me to sit out. in a wheelchair...no fucking way. i'd rather walk down the street with tears streaming, than be benched....which, unfortunately, is not too far off.
well anyway, fuck it. i'm gonna die young but happy. rather than healthy and old.
gonna be 83 degree today ! coffee, sunshine, and sweet email from a friend. day started with love, is continuing, and will end in love.
home...finally. sooooo tired...gonna get a couple hours before work starts up again.
alright, recharged as it were. if this is a night of no dark dreams; you are a miracle worker too.
easy to read; i like that !
sleeeeeeeeeep......
i find i'm enjoying tiny poetry.  such as: rain- my ears hear a drip, drop, splash it's more of a scream, laugh, live and you make it so hard not to be cliche. you pile on my dreams,  like power lines on a sky. is it raining where you are ?
not tired, must sleep. long week ahead, and no weekend. friday is no longer a day off. sore all over, but i asked for it. cig, loveline, sleep...smile, love, remember.
today was a much needed day off !! back to a fake smile tomorrow, but rejuvinated by friends tonight.
it's moments like this that i wish i worked for walmart. i hate rape. i'm no good at counseling "victims". especially when it's a parental perpetrator. why is this the way of the world ? why is it reality ?
blah ! work lots, need money. not worth it really. i'm loosing the happiness !!
sore throat starting out. tempted to gargle vodka, but must get some work done.
frustrated beyond all hell, blog isn't helping.
"i've been high, and i've been down, my head in the clouds and my hands on the ground. "
i think i would be dead without my heating pad. i am completely serious.
i don't know where my mind is in this moment. it's so fleeting; emotion. i'm so tired, but i can't sleep. and like *propname* says, a shotgun just leaves a messed up wall.  ah well. random thoughts. better go to bed before that crap goes deeper.
gah, headache. okay my body's failing me; i'm going to put off work 'til tomorrow and take care of myself now. ice cream, giant sweater, warm bed...i'm comin'.
okay, people, seriously..."lol" is so blood annoying when you use it on every line.
fuck. okay, file another tragic story in a box of my mind to be dealt with when i no longer have a heart. wonder how much longer it'll take...not too long now.
okay, i'm no good at positivity right now. that's my work "hat". so sue me.
ah coffee....makes the world go 'round.
i feel emptied out; please rain down on me...darkness and light, come fill me up.
okay, must sleep. must work in mere hours...ah who am i kidding ? i don't sleep. or eat. just smoke...and work. and love.
got the new iphone 3gs. don't ask how, i won't tell you. but thank you.
"i like my chicken fried, a cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up !"
qtd: "'flower' usually refers to a vulva in general, not virginity or 'cherry popping' as the kids would say." hahahaha
"little red bird under a chair, waiting for the crumbs to fall. daddy said, 'get a job'. well don't you see, daddy, how good i am at catching crumbs ?"
aggrevated that i let someone else take me from really happy to hurt and depressed. it's on me to change my reaction to be one of loveful me.
i need to be asleep. i get up in....5 hrs ? no idea really. what am i doing again ?
"for a moment i love everything i see and think and feel..."
"walking by the river i...reach my hands to cup the sky. it runs down my arms...a bitter blue. turn to red, and the gashes grew." god, this song...every word is raw and honest.
i am what i make of myself. i am love. i am.
i wish i was in nyc and seeing *propname* tomorrow night....
i need to go back to my live food diet. not 90% like before, but i bet i could do 75% without losing too much weight..
it's ugly here. but there are sparks...moments. love.
i guess it all depends on your mood...why can't these meds be any damn good ?
"i believe in love. it's just my heart that keeps turning me down. i believe in love, i think it's just fine."
i always want the blog to be the magical valve. turn it on, write, be healed. it never is though. and now i still hurt, i just feel more raw now. as long as i stay with the emotion and don't deny...i'll be alright.
fucking musicians. fuck musicians...
<3
now that i'm done writing, i need food...hmmm....
i did that shit with spasms, and after 8 shots of espresso today. who da man ?? beauty school, here i come...right after this next criminal minds. <3
i have to find the superhero i use to be. i can't bring myself to believe it was just the love of a silly boy that did it.
(breast cancer awareness question - what colour bra are you wearing ?) no colour. i'm not a fan of bras lately. but this is a stupid fb idea. it doesn't really raise awareness unless you also say what the hell it's about !  stupid, stupid.
my most awesome friend just surprise-attacked me with a present of a dark chocolate bacon bar...drool. best. moment. ever.
again, my company and night are ruined by some physical ailment of mine. i am fucking tired of it.
wow, fresh air. crazy. good day sunshine, you're my favourite star.
okay, sleep. dreaming of bacon and dark chocolate. mmmm....
to be something i am not...that is what i'll be when i grow up. god, it'll be stunning.
okay. maybe not sleep.
pain is a bitch.
got called in to work tomorrow. at least i don't have to run groups. bed early tonight.
wow been a tiring and painful day. gonna set up a movie and try to relax. love to all of my beautiful friends and family for the support and awesomeness of who they are. and a high five to my surgeon who is the man and gives me hope of having a less painful life. <3 you all. you make me happy, yes you.
my most awesome surgeon says i can try walking today and if all goes well, i can work tomorrow !! yay !! i'm gonna need the money if i wanna try and quit this job to focus on my other jobs//opportunities. wish me luck on the walking ! i'll report back.
just ate a nice happy cow filet with red wine reduction. wish my feet weren't throbbing so i could really cook !! tomorrow we shall throw down...my 12-in skillet and me.
having surgery today. i can't wait to be in hospital. i'm not a big fan of surgery. but hospitals feel like home to me. calming in the chaos.
reading an amazing book called stranger in a strange land. now i'm listening to loveline and trying to rest for the god-aweful full day tomorrow.
off to a training, not back til sunday. so tired. so in pain. starbucks will make it all better, i know it !
last day at work. i caught myself laughing at something horrific last night. laughter is how i cope, but...i can't wait to laugh at happy things again.