is excited to pop chuckies natives cherry!
if you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. it can be anything you want! when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you.
has an interview in 30...so nervous!!!
out for the day with my man
is definitely a nerd.  just freaked out on jaye because i thought we left the 3d glasses at the movie store...
was looking for a job and ended up with two...
dear rain, i have a wonderful day of boating and friends ahead of me so please go away... sincerely, barb
anyone wanna join me, renee and chaz at the bar tonight?
going out with the other interns and renee?  tonight is going to be an interesting night...
things to remember while watching a scary movie.. 1. the phone line always gets cut or cell phones get lost// broken or they never have service 2. the power always gets turned off 3. one of the girls gets hurt and miraculously breaks an ankle// leg 4. there
a reggae band covering one of the best beatles albums?!?!  my life is now complete:)
we all threw it back forcefully to the natives tonight...love you jaye!!!
what an adventurous night...filled with the natives, crazy screaming men and a half-naked girl...what a great night!!!!!
another adventurous night with the natives...going to holland this time!!!
good bye el...until sunday!!
i want to go to the bar tonight...is that too much to ask?
i woke up with the roots stuck in my head...weird
i feel like my insides have turned into goo and are going to seep out my pores at any minute...
is starting to like her new room in the basement...
having people over tonight...call me if you wanna come over!
going on an adventure...to kalamazoo!!!  bitches are jealous!
ugh...thursday can not come fast enough
ugh...i need a job:(
finally...the inspection is over and the house looks awesome!
is pumped to see harry potter with chaz...you are the best bf ever!
had a wonderful two days on boat...
what a freaking wonderful night...in both good and bad ways!
is getting a cold...
how did i go from having nothing to do all the time to being unbelievably busy in a matter of 2 days?
party at my place.  call the cell to join...
karma is a bitch isn't it???
goodbye el...see you tomorrow
home alone...and terribly bored:(
is completely uncomfortable....
going to see inglourious basterds with the boy...
partying at my place tonight...call me if you wanna join!!
nachofest!!!!
i wish things could change...sadly i know they never will.  time to face reality.
not wearing a bra to the bar is a terrible idea...
will be at the library for the rest of life...
just realized that i will never get a break from studying// school...
so my phone decide that it isn't accepting phone calls at the moment..for now all i have is texts, ugh i hate technology
up earlier than most everyone in el and trying to study...but chaz stole my damn red bull!!
awesome way to start the week...not
is having a competition with the man to see who can finish a word search the fastest...we are nerds
migraine...ugh
i reeeaaallllyyyy want to see taking woodstock...
bar tonight?  anyone want to join me??
i got bit by a pig yesterday and now my finger hurts...
rob zombie just disappointed me...never thought that would happen.
going out with my man to see a play!!  nachofest tomorrrow!!!!
please stop smoking cigarettes in my house...or i might kill you..
yes!!!  its almost been two long years...finally reunited and it feels so good!!
yes...got the house to myself!!!!
is off to ruperts for the night!
studying until my eyeballs fall out.  have to make up for the two weeks i missed...
facebook stalking = falking!!! hahaha i love you angie!
relocated to espresso royale...ugh so much to get done:(
i can't get over this hilariousness. i was listening to npr the other day and this guy was interviewing a band. the band was a bunch of science nerds that made science songs. one of their songs was called my brother the chimp or something and they talked about how they believed in evolution. guy interviewing them goes...so what was the genesis of this song. i laughed. hard. and still think its funny...the end
relocated for the last time...still studying but at home.  what a long confusing day:(
oh i am such a sucker for a nerdy guy...
i am having a hard time studying..
only five more days until i get see angie!!!!!!
ugh...nothing productive has come out of this day...
spending my saturday the best way...at the library with alex!
oh mysterious man whose voice sounds like seth rogen, i fell in love with you and i didn't even see your face...
i feel like shit...
i am not one to get into the christmas cheer but damn it i want to watch a charlie brown christmas...
attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
i am stuck in battlecreek for the night...ugh i hate snow sometimes.
a porn star just asked to move into our house...
girls sitting next to me at the coffee shop are discussing std's loudly...wonderful.
i just want today to be over already...
is very sore and very tired...
work, then to the lib with alex all night
just calculated my carbon foot print...sick!
almost done with my semester!!
yay...i finally get to see *propname*'s lovely face and spend the holiday with the *propname*!!  wish you were with us *propname*!!!
still attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
i just bought books and booked a flight for chaz and i to denver!!!
finally done!!!
ugh...i hate landlords and i hate renting...
keep the people of haiti and their families, in your thoughts.  donate if you can!!
is soo sore...but thats what happens when you fall down the stairs and bruise your entire left side:(
ahh it is so nice when i am soo productive...
thanks for all of the birthday wishes everyone!!!  i had a great day!!!
needs to stop slacking...
oww...broke my pinky toe, again...
homework and babysitting all day...brought the wii to entertain my two favorite twins!!!
sledding with the kids, death trap of a wooden sled and snowball fights...gotta love michigan!
i just listened to waiting for my ruca by sublime and it made me think of *propname*, *propname* and *propname*.  ugh, i miss you guys!
wish i wouldn't have procrastinated all weekend!!  my paper draft sucks...
trying to be productive at the lib with *propname*...
a bar with bright pink walls and mounted deer head...and i got a rose from elvis.  absolutely wonderful night!
haha no public speaking for me today...class is cancelled!