108. nearly in double digits.
157
*has to call the helpdesk for my mobi carrier* to do that i have to charge my phone and to do that i need to find an adaptor. *sigh* why is this holiday so complicated. if it's not one thing that's gone missing, it's another. or not knowing something that
168. that's it.
is nearly ready to say flipside to egypt. just got a hard rock cafe to go :s ps: still doesn't like anything alcoholic.
*loves the irony* i've been fine for months... today i feel like death warmed up... i leave in 13 hours. :s
has access to money again. unfortunately, it appears to have cost him his typing skills :p
knows two things about travelling if nothing else. (1) make sure to have atleast two account cards when you leave home. (2) make sure to have booked everything before you need it so you don't end up getting stuck in one place longer than you wanted.  and i think i may know why my card didn't work yesterday... gonna try it out tomorrow if i can.
*is in brunei without a mobile containing international roaming* stupid people who i asked to set it up for me months and months ago... maybe it's just in the airport though... hope so.
was really stressing about visas and stuff for his 6 week vacay... but is no longer after speaking to people and doing stuff, he feels that his holiday should go fairly fine.
is with rellies... has three days.. is wondering who'll he'll meet next. in uk
why does the only major change on the german keyboard *have* to be a 'y' 'z' swap? i use the letter y so often. it's annoying.
waaa! it's like only a week until i'm home now... which means work... anyone wanna buy my love? :p nah... you probably couldn't afford me anyway.
60.5... cogito ergo es.
i wonder if my parents will be able to book my flight before i need to get on it.
athens (athina) is pretty cool. even though i've not yet strayed more than 500m from my hotel :p here til friday then germany gets to see me :s
aswan, egypt. nuff said.
is wondering why he seems to manage to lose everything that he needs to keep a hold of?
is nearing the end of his time in egypt. watch out europe because here i come.
do you know that 10 minutes equals 72 hours?
who's up for racing around perth with me?
came fourth in the race around perth today. is super happy about that.
forgot about the berlin atheltics occuring this week :s still. i have a room and it finished with the marathon today so it won't be a problem any more.
i should just dry my hair and get the torture over with already. :p
my jacket it falling to pieces. but other than that, i'm on track to finish my outfit in time for the con. :p
i knew i shoulda scrapped my cosplay hours ago and claimed the sleep. my mum just laughed at me. gyah!!!!!
if my maths is correct, i should have a touch over $3500 to -spend- in japan. that's after airfares, accom, jr pass and possibly some//most activities... but before buying my ticket to the studio ghibli museum. whooot!
is serverely disappointed about what he just learnt.