just finished watching terminator about to watch dance flick :)
got stuck writing my book, listening to staind & muse lost track of thee bloody time! now im stuck in my own little world i have created!
the wise speak only of what they know.Ó ~ j.r.r tolkein
is planning to go to the snow on ash's holidays :)
is going to write some more of my book!
just finished watching 10'000 bc now heading to bed hopefully ill feel better 2morrow :)
):
is making homemade mini quiches for *propname*!!!
i want a pygmy marmoset
finally *propname* is asleep im not well at all ):
me and wato's are on the jimmy not gettin very far!!! lmao hella goooooooddddd!!!
is finally off to bed...so tired!!!
each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born
finally got the net back on!!!! buttt left my camera with my funky pics from the w//e in bendi ): owell!
im going to play mahjong :)
up early, i finally had a good nights sleep :) all refreshed for today!
cant sleep but im so tired
real women are not perfect, perfect women are not real!!!
"look not from the mind, but from the soul. for the life that is coming is already before us, waiting to open up the world. just look more closely. find the eyes to see."
it was such a beautiful sunny day and now its raining!!!
back in bendigo and starting my detox...fun fun!!!
in the night garden is not 4 kids!upsydaisy & igglepiggle kissin in the pinkyponk,tombliboos always strippin,pontipines have 8 kids & maccapacca has ocd!
amber decided it would be fun to steal an egg and smash it on the carpet ):
is still sick and missing ash already!
is off to bed!!! so tired
lovin keyshia coles new song trust!!!
aristotle wasc right when he said - to perceive is to suffer!
is *propname* :) <3
is ready for bigger and better things!!!
i seen a cauliflower @ the crown!!!
might head off to melb tonight!!! gotta get out of bendigayyyy
the weather is horrid for a saturday but i suppose we need the rain!
need to find a house in melb want to move b4 christmas!
is finally ready to sleep got doc appointment 2morrow or shall i say 2day!
is heading to bed not feeling 100% tonight! nye nye's every1 xo
and amber are gettin out groove on!!! lol
is about to start reading my new book~library of the dead by glenn cooper seems very interesting :)
has decided to quit smoking, havnt had one in 2 days!!
having a nice hot mug of ginger and lemon tea
yay *propname* is fast asleep already!!! that's wat happens wen tarnisha puts toys in her cot wen they are supposed to be sleeping!
had a gud nite!!! might go to melb later, feel like a train adventure!
just watched the new harry potter :) now heading to bed!!!
*propname* decided it would be good fun to spill noodles all over her and all over the floor!
cant wait till *propname*'s party this sat :)
cant sleep and looking for some inspiration but yet im so tired, i need to finish this chapter! im gonna regret this later today!
yay!!! my house is finally looking normal again
cant find my phone grrrrr i think i left it @ mum's ):
*propname* is being so naughty today!
just got my labret re-peirced
up nice and early....heading to melb soon, *propname* is coming today woohooo!!!
off to gold coast this weekend woohoo!!!
my sketch is getting done and im off to get my first tatt next monday wooo hoo
just got back to the hotel for dinner then hitting the gym,pool & spa!!!
ginger & lemon tea works wonders lol
and *propname* are rockin it out!!! lol
courage is found in unlikely places.
hmmmmm what can i do tonight???
is off to bed nite all!!!
lmao rox!!!
has just finished my first cup of tea hmmm what can i do today?!!
damn you's a sexy bitch damn girl!!!
is making singapore curry for dinner with coconut and saltana rice
did some christmas deco shopping and got amber a singing elmo stocking....i so wish i didnt do that now hahaha
cant sleep...gonna write some more of my book!!!
wants to plan a kid city day for the little ones next month who is interested???
i really hate spiders just found a heap of massive black ones on the outside of the house i mean massive :(
and ash have been outside cleaning the yard and making a rabbit hut for amber :)
ash will be home soon :) yay his dinner is waiting for him
is having a bad day why am i so agro...i think the moon is taking its affect on me already!!!
and *propname* are rocking it out to aaliyah
+ being able to relate to or think about the unknown is half the battle of expanding your spiritual beliefs. having the opportunity to experience it personally is the other half. - *propname*
is having a movie night with my man!!! :)
i am a human not a sandwich!!!
is stuck on medium!!!! :)
is fricken hot!!!
is headin to bed in a min, im so tired tonight! wonder what tomorrow brings :)
off to bed so tired and i cant wait till tomorrow happy birthday ash i love you so so much! xoxoxo
i get my new bedroom setting on monday yay!
its friggin hot and it will be like this till moday arrrggghhh so sleepin in the loungeroom 2nite!
amber likes beyonce its funny, everytime i put one of her songs she starts dancing like crazy and singing
cant wait to see new moon & 2012 im counting down the days hahaha
want to invest in a pool hmmmm hate public pools yuk
is going to see 2012 tonight woo hoo!!! been waiting to see this, it would be interesting to see if nostradamus predictions come true in 2012!!!
free your mind, freen your thought, think outside the box, we have to restore balance in the world or we will cease to exist come on think about what is really going on in the world can we afford to be so selfish!!!
cant wait till magick happens!!! taking ash and my little girl with me!!! anyways off to bed to dream my night away :) nite all fb friends! sweet dreams
it has been a very interesting day so far.....havin a ball!!!!! poor sandy nearly got hit by lightening
wants to watch medium but left it in the car along with my phone *frustration*
some people really get under my skin, i love intellegence at the same time have a low tolerance for stupidity, on the upside i got myself some new books and remedies to test!!!
wants ash to get his butt out of bed so we can go and do something!!!
mehhh.....................why????!
Òi do not love the bright sword for it's sharpness, nor the arrow for it's swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. i love only that which they defendÓ tolkein (lord of the rings)
this is the best morning ive had in such a long time! im loving it!
where the hell is dani watson???? i need my purse back i have to go grocery shopping grrrrrrrrrrrr
is having a games night with the girls if anyone is interested in joining???
and *propname* wants to go to the beach!!!
yay its friday!!! hopefully wattys gets her butt in town 2day! :)
gonna play mahjong
is back!!! *propname* will not sleep, teething :(
got booze all i need now is a drinkin buddy
is havin a drink with ash, jaz and tiggs :)
cannot believe some people!!! you do nice things for someone and they take you for granted! well this is the last straw for me no more will i help this person!
just a question to all off my friends!!! do you think that a real indigo would be racist???? i thought we were here to help others not put them into a catagory where we critisize people over something they have no control over i find this quite disturbing
misses ash heaps xoxo
is having a drink jazza and tiggs :)
yay booked in for family portraits :)
pass the courvoisier
didnt even realise bendigo cup was on 2morrow hahaha need to get updated with the times :) anyways got portraits today and they were absolutly fantastic!!! hmmm what can i do 2morrow, got alot of housework to catch up on which sucks bigtime :( its never ending!
i want a beverage!!!! hurry up people! lol
ash is really pissing me off right about now grrrrrrrr
had a great day shopping got some new dresses and amber new clothes havin a beer and chillaxin now
just dropped the boyz off at the airport...hennessey here we come! crunk juice :) lol
just made the best citrus cous cous salad for tea with pumpkin and potato croquettes yumm
hmmm ash is cooking dinner tonight but the question is when??? lol
so so confused!!! cant wait till the girls get here :)
many that live deserve death. and some that die deserve life. can you give it to them? then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. for even the very wise cannot see all ends.Ó tolkein (lord of the rings)
had clogs for tea was soooo goood! now havin a beer :)
had a really great day at nan howarth's with the whole family yesterday :) now off to nanna and poppi khoo's today yay :)
rockin out to paramore===
is hell tired so im heading to bed! nite all xo peace
ash is a freakkkkkkk!
shots of petrone!!!! da da daa da da da daaa da shot shot shot shots
waitin for wato's 2 get here!!! she is takin her sweet time! lol
getting my tattoo drawn up today! so excited, mite get a peircing while im out and about!
listening to alicia keys new album....so far i like:) its awesome!
i karate chopped a homeless guy at the dinner table because im a ninja!!!
thinks karma is an amazing thing!!!
blaahhhhh what a crappy morning!!!
never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
made my first batch of peppermint foot scrub and it works wonders!!! love it!
is having pepper steak with baby honey carrots, steamed zuccini, brocolini, eggplant and baby potato's with red wine gravy soooo gooood!!!
having a beer and listening to tunes still pretty bored hey
¼_¿üã¿_keep the australia day wave going¼¡¬¬¡¼_¿ üã¿_¼¡¬¬¡¼_¿ üã ¼_¿üã¿_keep the australia day wave going¼¡¬¬¡¼_¿ üã¿_¼¡¬¬¡¼_¿ üã ¼_¿üã¿_keep the australia day wave going¼¡¬¬¡¼_¿ üã¿_¼¡¬¬¡¼_¿ üãpass it on ¼_¿
loving my new book!!! i recomend "the house of night" series to everyone!!!
9 inches :(
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under your status
misses the the sound of the wind's voice and the whispering of the tree's
the key to realizing a dream is to focus not on success but significance - and then even the small steps and little victories along your path will take on greater meaning.
is bloody tired!!! taking *propname* to the beach tomorrow :) i even brought her a bucket with spades lol
just stay true to you!
just got back from the market and yes once again i brought candles!
off to wedderburn today going to celebrate halloween for the weekend yay!!!
how many really know what love is? millions never will do you know until you lose it that it's everything that we are looking for when i wake up in the morning you're beside me i'm so thankful that i found everything that i been looking for
just finished my house duties now going to have a cuppa and chill back with my little girl
cheers to the freakin weekend!
if i wear makeup, i'm fake. if i like to get dressed up, i'm a tart. if i say what i think, i'm a bitch. if i cry sometimes, i'm a drama queen. if i have guy friends, i'm a slut. if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy. seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled.. so what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a shit. repost this if your proud of who you are! x x
i couldnt ask for a better support system
off to work i go!!!
me myself and i!
wants to move to daylesford!!!!
heading home in a minute then off to look at bikes for bee's birthday in the morning!
in times that are tough you really learn something new about yoursrlf, your life, the path your taking and the people around you. im happy for this and my life is great at this very moment i dont want it to change anything.  this is a new chapter!!!
i came to win to fight to conquor to thrive, i came to win to survive to prosper i came to fly
regret letoya feat ludacris perfect song
*propname* doo-wops & hooligans <3
off to do some hardcore shoppimg for bee's
had a good day out, met family from mauritius i didnt know i had, brought amber nearly an entire new wardrobe, bike and other goodies!!!
meditation time!!!!
off to mansfield again!!!
is off to read my book
is beyond caring i came back here to be happy and live the way i want to live.... my life is in my own hands you cant determine whats gonna make me happy and at peace only i can do that! i dont need anyone as long as i believe in myself!!!
pineapple
going out for dinner tonight at the deck mansfield cannot wait!
is cooking home made chilli, lime and corriander burgers yummm feel like a beer and some poker just no-one to play it with :(
off to work soon so cbf!
so tired cant wait to get home to see my baby girl!