oct 7th
yawn, feels like . . .
someone available for 'chat'? its truly boring. mafia wars isnt loading
life is so dull without the element of surprise
someone at last
waiting for 'the call of duty'
argentinoosss....gran juego, mejor de las suertes ! ! !
i guess, time is not right . . .
b-day calender is a good appl..u must try it..its simple,user friendly nd moreover,it realy works-i m usin it..
friends list in mafia is filling up to the limit...
nd u know, i met a frend of mine who is presently workin for zynga - yes, the same zynga who made mafia wars....
omigawd, thank you
can someone take care of my mafia, nd my farms while i am away?? i wont take long..
b'lore..here i come...
anyone has an extra concealable camera??
5inte paisa polum enta kayyil illa....appola 'treat'
got back home, cleaned and oiled my gun, armed and ready to take on whoever challenges my reign....nd, i hav not forgotten the 4 possums who beat me in mafia while i was away.we'l' deal one by one....
zynga,i m not able to sent season gifts to anyone via mafia..dunno what s the problm....but i keep recievin gifts from my matesm nd i get a bad feelin that i m not returnin the favour...sort t out..
wish you all a very happy 'christmas'..enjoy with your family and friend..spread the smile.. look in your socks in the morning and you ill find a gift - from him.. lets spread the joy nd pray to let peace reign everywhere in the world..
merry christmas..celebrate the day with ur family, wine nd cake.... nd christians, go to church...lastly, thanks to my buddy who msgd me xactly at the stroke f midnight, i made a jerk out f myself in the church, with evryone staring at me - made my day special..lol!!!!
life s da best teachr..ironically,som tough lessns r learnd whn life goes through da smoothst of da seas... 1 thought to share:if u want to win frends,make t a point to remembr all f thm.often,we tend to care for da ones that r closest to us,nd by that way,we move farther away from da others.. like someone said,friendship s like a china..beautiful in itself,but once broken,will leave traces even if its glued back..
reached my 500 limit in mafia..and continuing up... a special thanks to all mafia frends...
coastin......;-)
but the good thing is that today, i fired all my rounds .. so, i'll hav to drive to town to fetch the next set f cartridges today coz, u kno, ive got nothin else to do tomorrow.....obvously,if life goes like this,1k rounds per year limit is way too far that, it'll seem like a tiny dot....
unless a miracle happens, life s gonna be a rough ride ahead !!! . . .
back
holidays comin to an end...back to action tomorrow.. wish u all a prosperous year ahead..god bless !!!!