a vegetarian delight
can't wait for the ex x-box
chose cake
kindergarten report cards
the state (on dvd tues)
only theater in the area is in chicago....
"i have a $1.57 and a nickel"
thinking of enlisting
anxious boredom fatigue
anyways back to dr...
you can not have my blood
l5r
perseid meteor shower
anyone interested in going to summerfest?
i have to admit swtor has one awesome trailer
"we know nothing about their language, their history or what they look like. but we can assume this: they stand for everything we don't stand for. also they told me you guys look like dorks!"
#name?
#name?
sometimes i think a busou renkin cosplay would be hilarious, then i stop and remember papillon
i do not understand my fascination with horoscopes
error
has to wonder if west allis is still manufacturing bomb parts
"i've always loved the flirtatious tango of consonants and vowels, the sturdy dependability of nouns and capricious whimsy of verbs, the strutting pageantry of the adjective and the flitting evanescence of the adverb, all kept safe and orderly by those re
even at such a young age, i understood the weight of the world
i am fresh *propname*
i think i need a new spirit animal
if anyone is going to be on campus, please contact me (preferably by text).
hands on the bible
sweet tendrils grasp at my breath. enticing wisps of freedom.  euphoria escapes in an exhalation
finally feels like fall
cat nap
i am a somewhat dark//morbid individual, and yet nana makes me cringe...
"it's like turning air into gold"
"thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box, they tumble blindly as ..."
fml
looking for the light at the end of the tunnel
as a side note: this is some delicious mac & cheese!
delicious new gaming material
this cat will not leave me alone...
no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
so many good movies
philosophical sundays
insomnia gets things done
people should learn to leave messages...
...and i sleep
from anomynous: "these vampires need to either get naked or die"
storm clouds and dirty windows
http:////www.gametrailers.com//video//this-is-dragon-age//58530
sleep is for suckas
no one in zombieland should die because they cannot afford a chainsaw, and no one should go broke because they get bit. if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
just one of those days
does my insomnia breed mania or does my mania quell my fatigue?
want's to have my cake and eat it too.  also, a prize hidden in the center.
finally watching season 4 of lost
farscape is 10 years old...
"you can't blame mad scientists for doing mad science"
there be a baker's dozen of turkeys in my backyard
fine weather for a walk
in an unusual music mood
is a fool but also a dreamer
"the queen says no to pot smoking fbi members"
was not aware of the streaming video at the eca meeting last night....
"on the radio" is playing on the radio.  *insert ever so slight chuckle*
you would think by now i would have learned to not answer the door, when insomnia knocks
back into playing ddo.  anyone interested in joining in hit me up on aim
i think i just dreamt about trade and commerce...
technical difficulties.  please standby
lets make the most of this year
anyone participating in allods online closed beta?
can't sleep, clown will eat me
i think i need a new mmo...
fear and panic in the air
boar dumb
to campus!
sleeping children fear not for the sun brings a new day
like a madman laughing at the rain. a little out of touch, a little insane
"i think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments."
and now i am covered in glitter...
and sweating like demons they scream through our speakers but we leave the sound on 'cause silence is harder
Òbeing drunk is a good disguise. i drink so i can talk to assholes. this includes me.Ó
if there's no one beside you when your soul embarks. then i'll follow you into the dark
tasty tasty *propname*
good times were had
all hail the king of dunces. you best hold on i am opening up my mouth
something note worthy
techno colored beats
really do not care for my hyper metabolism
prisoner by my own design
"really? you have to remind yourself to raise american spirits?"
is sick and blames you
la dee dee 1 2 3 *propname* the half a bee
still need to see across the universe
"friends can help each other. a true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. or, not feel. whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. that's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is."