put in work again last night at the pig n whistle. thakns to those who came.  next week, he should be hosting.
is going to the dodger game!
thinks it's funny that only his white best friend remembered *propname*.
is trying to sing king alpha's song in a strange land.
can give the dodgers his full attention now that he is marginally satisfied by a laker victory.
lost his voice cheering for his beloved dodgers (who won by the way!)!
is watching *propname* at 3:15am.
believes in the pineapple express
aced a mensa practice test.
is telling jokes tomorrow night at the pig n whistle in hollywood.  7:30pm.  $10 cover and no drink minimum.  be effing there or else.
just saw manny be manny
had a good salad for lunch.
is about to lose his mind on account of the dodgers right now.
would like to hang out with someone today.
will be @ summerslam!
is ready for the show tomorrow.  pig n whistle like usual.
is at it again.
is doin it.
wants you to come to the show tonight...pig n whistle...7:30! jokes.
wants to know how you doin...
is finding it hard to deal and would really just like to not be sober anymore.
survived his first day of work!
wants you to come tomorrow night at 7:30pm to the downtown comedy club and hear these jokes!!
is at the park.
is crunk right now.
loves that *propname* and *propname* are in negotiations to be guest host on wwe raw!
bought new jeans.
says hennessey and a dutch.  straight west coastin' son
is happy getthing *propname* but is begging for halladay.
is back at it again at the pig n whistle!!! 7:30pm.  $5 + 1 drink.  funny shit.  be there and watch me do my thing.
: district 9 -- further proof that white people should not be in charge of shit.
did his thang yesterday.  the show was awesome.  good times and great sets...yay!
is discombobulated, yet motivated; sober, yet unclear; stirred, yet not shaken.
the trojans are marching upward.  the sooners have already been stopped.
is fighting that old, familiar feeling.
is so congested somebody might die.
is on twitter now.  follow me @ www.twitter.com//julesm35.
is doing it yet again: pig n whistle...7:30pm...$10 cover + 0 drink minimum....la-a.   be there!
wants you to come to his fucking show tonight.  7:30. pig n whistle.
wants to see all your asses who are in la at the pig n whistle this tuesday at 7:30 pm.  6714 hollywood blvd. $10. i am hosting the motherfucking show.
had a great set tonight.  video clips to follow!
is uploading his shit right now!
bought a new shirt but may not leave his hotel room.
sees further reason that college football needs a playoffs.  fuckin eh.
is taking suggestions for blog post for the new planet jules website.  what do y'all want to see//hear?
y'all made it happen.  got the numbers in the triple digits in under 2 days!  the second clip is gonna be up within an hour!!  get at me.
needs thirteen more of you motherfuckers to watch my new video before you get the new jokes.  www.youtube.com//julesm35
thanks you all for the love so far.  please keep it up and watch my shit!  i will post part 3 tonight.  put the kids to bed before you watch it.
sees a path for usc to get back into the national title hunt!
will post part 2 of his set after his views are in the triple digits.  y'all don't wanna miss this next bit!
was just time raped.
good sports weekend for los angeles.  word up.
how bout them dodgers son!
learned something new about how the game is played today.
viva los doyers
is hosting the preshow at the downtown comedy club this friday, next friday and next saturday.  it's ladies' month at the comedy club but you can hear your boy bring them out!
is polishing his set for tonight.
wants you all to come see him tonight at the downtown comedy club.  i'm bringin the ladies up proper!  see you at 8 downtown!
vicente doin work.  go doyers.
would like to meet the man who thought that 8am was an acceptable time to start a meeting on saturday.  (by meet, i mean shank).
shout out to the nobel peace prize committee.  yes we can!
is having eel for lunch.
has one final part of his routine to release.  he will try to get to that sometime tomorrow.  keep watching the other stuff though!
is trying not to have a monday on a tuesday.
saw *propname* yesterday.  more importantly, he saw a bum scream,  "if you ever touched my sister i'd fuck you up" to *propname* yesterday.
is at the underground comedy lounge in downtown la this wednesday at 8 and the downtown comedy club this friday and saturday at 9pm.  see you all there!
wtf is up with the mlb playoffs?  every team that advanced has a ridiculous 9th inning comeback story.  wow!
is taking the psats.
is sick of people having good mondays.  get the memo people -- you're supposed to be cursing the skies! ...god bless.
neeeeeeds the dodgers to win this series :(
wow, a rainy day in los angeles.  i'm sure somewhere a midget feels 6 feet tall.
is at the inkwell cafe in the bk tonight tellin jokes.  9pm.  come out!
loves phillies.  hates the phillies.
will see you all at the downtown comedy club tonight at 8pm!
just got to his hotel in new york city!
is off to explore the new school and have breakfast.
and the moment has come.  bottom of the 9th.  who wants to be a hero??
is over the weather in new york shitty.
is writin'
is way too upset with the damn dodgers to even really be upset.
is totally into black girls now.
is hosting *propname*'s room at the comic strip live this friday at 6!  come see me and my superfriends rock the joint and preparty with us!
is on his way to the comic strip right now!
is probably going to have to detox soon.
was ready to run around aimlessly in the city today but the rain is seeing that that doesn't happen.  i am glad to live in cali more and more on days like this.
people get ready.  there's a change a-coming.
and the day the week ends.
is smelling a 2-0 lead for the boys in blue.  viva los doyers.
and the day he gave *propname* one more chance.
and the ever-tightening clamps.
is off to *propname*'s play reading in noho.  it's gonna be the shit!
:unplugged, disc 1, track 12.
is going to wrestlemania.
has nothing left for the world today.
and the rebirth of a cappella?
and the day we were all locked in.
loves the anti-steroids commercials during major league baseball.
thanks all you reliables.  and is therefore uploading part 4!
rafi doin work!  go dodgers!
c'mon blue!
has got to find someone in la who can twist dreads.  help!
and *propname*'s salon takeover!!
is at the unerground comedy lounge tonight in downtown la.   8pm.  come if you can stand to laugh.
is at the downtown comedy club again this saturday.  new material.  you're all invited.
has only the steelers left until march madness.
enjoyed the show at the dtcc.  kudos to all who were on it.
andre doin' work
goodbye new york
is on stage three times this week.  all downtown.  yeah.
is stepping back into the urban comedy experience this wednesday.  downtown stand up!
and the day that vacation ended.
finally got his bio up on a comedy club website.  downtown comedy club is the shit!
does anybody want to watch the survivor series with me?
ugh.
is on to something new.
so tiger woods was in a car accident today.  driver was always his least reliable asset.
is grateful.
is going to try not to whoop some ass today.
long live ihop.
sheamus!
killed tonight!  as soon as the powers that be crack open the door, *propname* is busting through that mofo!  thanks for the support.  see you all at the downtown comedy club friday and saturday.
enjoyed himself at wild wednesdays.  big ups to martini and *propname*.  let's hope they invite me back.
is off to *propname*'s wedding!
jesus, guide me through this day.
and the time he finally took a sick day.
is stfo.
and his normal monday gloom only heightened.
downtown comedy club tomorrow.  9pm.  be there.
sat proctor by day//stand-up comic by night.  come to the downtown comedy club tonight and see me and my friends put in work!
has a date with mr. cooper next weekend.
and the line between yin and yang.
is wrapped up in his snuggie.
wishes he were in new york tonight.
needs to find someone to twist his hair and start his dreads.  anyone in the la area worthy of recommendation?
had the strangest night.  i wonder if tonight can top it.
is really just trying to get through this last hard week of work before winter vacation.
wonders who wants to watch the tlc ppv with him this sunday.
is trying to figure out the tornado winds outside right now.  this is la people.  let us not forget.
has heard *propname*'s tragic call to keep my shit together and live life properly. love those you have and avoid drama.
and the downtown comedy club weekend of awesomeness continues tonight at 8.
remembers with gratitude a specific thanksgiving involving two cool kids from humboldt county in new jersey and massachusetts.  blessings to all.
thanks god for the thunder f*#k.  it comes in from vancouver.
is soooo excited for tlc tonight!  two ladder matches!
could've almost died today.
, candy cane lane, and worlds that collide.
is celebrating thanksgiving vacation in philliedelphia.
seriously cannot figure out what the hell is wrong with my steelers!  :(
is not participating in society today.  if that is a problem, you are free to leave a message with the receptionist i don't have.
had a great time tonight.  happy kwanzaa to all!
reminds all y'all socal folk to bring ya asses to the pig n whistle tomorrow.   7:30.  i am hosting.  6714 hollywood blvd.
is dreaming big.
what the heck is wrong with my teams??
is at the downtown comedy club tonight at 8.  be there!
wants a droid but has to wait almost a year for the new every two to kick in.
is standing up to begin the year.  see you all at the downtown comedy club in an hour.  ready? go.
stfo
heard that *propname* is headed back to the wwe temporarily and literally almost peed in his pants with glee.  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
had another solid show at the dtcc.  love to *propname* and *propname* (and mo in her absence) and all my funny buddies who also took the stage.
bought final draft and is well on the way.
added something new to the repertoire tonight.
rip nfl season.
and *propname* the hitman hart are together again at last.
cuts with his right hand and eats with his left.  so, now that he has almost cut off his left index finger, he is finding it slightly challenging to eat his dinner.
needs everyone's bbm info.
got a new blackberry to hold him over until he can get the droid.  not everyone's phone numbers are making the switch.  just saying...
had an awesome time at summerslam.  now for the last week before school starts!
now knows that *propname* in his underwear is not enough to carry a movie for me anymore.  i don't blame the writers as much as i blame the director for not putting him in briefs.
mike tyson is awesome!
has had nightmares about this *propname*'s defense before.
just saved a white boy's life today.
has begun.
will be downtown for the urban comedy experience tomorrow.  8pm.  come out and laugh bitches.
and the recurring back issues.
saw the official end of the new england era.  amen.
almost sliced his finger to the white meat.  apparently oj's knife techniques don't work on pepper jack cheese, only on white girls (allegedly).
is holding out hope that the steelers can sneak into the playoffs even though they clearly don't deserve it.
had a solid set tonight at wild wednesdays.  get ready for the long version friday and saturday at the downtown comedy club!
and *propname* are about to get crunked
learned two very important life mantras: 1. treat others as they want to be treated, not as you want to be treated yourself.  2. fight principles, not opponents.
manny doing work!
had a great set tonight.  i love the downtown comedy club!
is diggin "who i am" by *propname* and the administration.   it's a surprisingly mature and grown up album and the guitars are insane.
just discovered wale.  wow.
is headed to new york city tomorrow!  gladys's room stand up!  i will see you all on friday!
is expecting everyone in la at the downtown comedy club tonight and//or tomorrow night for these jokes, yo.
is coming to new york city in late october.  shout out to kweeze and the kids from the comic strip!  get at me.
really thought he lived in los angeles but, judging from the hail outside, he was obviously mistaken.
is officially cool as of today.
now knows that *propname* in his underwear is not enough to carry a movie for me anymore.  i don't blame the writers as much as i blame the director for not putting him in briefs.
is thus far unimpressed with the commercials.
won a guitar at six flags for dominating a 3 point shooting contest!
will do what he has to until he can do what he's destined to.
thinks *propname* is whack as an annoucer now.
is officially ont he road to wrestlemania.