thinks that it is impossible to be too heavenly minded. watch. those who are "too heavenly minded" will do the greatest good here.
a prospering tree does not eat it's own fruit. a prospering tree produces fruit that others might eat.
"knowledge without repentance will be but a torch to light your way to hell"
hallelujah! hallelujah! holy! holy! are you lord god almighty! worthy is the lamb, worthy is the lamb that was slain! unto you be all glory and honor and praise! may my life bring glory to your name :)
is praying hard to be just one who scatters seed on the earth.
wonders at the absolute absurdity of man's hatred...christ summed up all the goodness we are capable of in two commands...none of us even follows just one of them.
says happy fathers day! in honor of my heavenly father, who's never forsaken me or let me down. may you ever be praised, dad :)
is going completely insane with anticipation :) t-minus 24 hours til *propname*'s arrival in nashville!
god is faithful to his word and to those to whom he has given it
an awakening? lord awaken the sleeper. let our eyes burst open to the rising light of your spirit. let your mercy wash us and let your holiness mold us into the image of your son. break us with fire and build us from the ashes. come to life you dry, old b
an awakening? lord awaken the sleeper. let our eyes burst open to the rising light of your spirit. let your mercy wash us and let your holiness mold us into the image of your son. break us with fire and build us from the ashes. come to life you dry, old b
whatever good i do comes not from me. goodness is of god, and through me he chooses to make his power known. thank you, lord.
is being conformed to the image of christ. do you want to be like jesus? then you must learn something...you must learn how to love someone who does not meet the conditions. it's not easy, but it's not impossible.
lord let your glory fall as on that ancient day. let it fall on both of them. let your grace be made known eternally and mightily.
when paul says "i can do all things through christ who strengthens me"...i think, "i can do nothing without you, dear jesus, who strengthens me"
hungers and thirsts for righteousness.
truly knows so little. thank you, oh lord, that you are wise and you are mighty. thank you, lord, that your grace knows no limits or bounds. i pray you're will be done here on earth as it is in heaven and that we give you glory with our lives.
is. learning to be at peace and just be is harder than it should be ;). lord you are. you just are. teach me to be like you. teach me to be.
will gladly boast in his weaknesses. when i am weak, then he is strong. your might, oh lord is endless. please cover over me. please cover over your beloved..lest we  all fall in overwhelming shame under the weight of our imperfections.
let me be one who leans on his staff in the last days...broken and weak, and in that weakness let me lift my hands in honor and praise to he who saved me by his own merit. thank you dear father who makes his goodness known in me. may you be glorified.
is a tax collector who standing afar off would not even raise his eyes to heaven. i pray, "god, be merciful to me, a sinner."
stop regarding men. what account is he? --isaiah 2:22.. we are nothing more than a nose-full of breath. oh man, how frail are you? why do you expect regard? why do i?
is a deer panting for your living water. i thirst for the living god and in my thirst i need your rest. precious lord, carry me for even at my strongest i lack the strength to stand on my own. amen
gimme your eyes for just one second. gimme your eyes so i can see. everything that i keep missin, gimme your love for humanity. gimme your arms for the broken-hearted, the ones that are far beyond my reach...
jesus. you're the lover of my soul. jesus. i will never let you go. you've taken me from the mirey place; set my feet upon the rock, and now i know...
is excited her :d for serious, that's all i can think about
because you, oh lord, are he who created all things, sustains all things, and knows all things. all things came from you, are of you, and will return unto your breast from whence they came. blessing and honor and glory to you, oh father. this is the song of my spirit...praising its origin. you. my god.
is excited to see her :d for serious, that's all i can think about
lord, be my portion. christ trusted you to provide all the help he ever needed. let me do the same.
loves being broken. it means i fought hard and didn't give up. i'll wrestle with you, oh god of jacob, and i won't let go.
thinks its a kind of non-funny cosmic joke that if he really ever does defeat pride...he will find himself proud of his humility. :p good call *propname*
let me know you more deeply and truely, oh lord. there are none who know you completely, and so i pray that you show me. your ways are perfect and i want my life to sing your praise. let me walk with love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, and self-control. against such things there is no law.
dude, i'm freaking engaged! to the sweetest angel of a fiance ever! thank you lord for your love through this woman :d
i love *propname* 0:)
is anxiously attached. i don't know how to ask for help. and i don't know how to accept it. ---i'll drag my own intestines back to dyer, thank you very much.
"hope in a wasteland of faith; stone figures hewn down; blood flowing through ancient sewers"
i can't remember when the earth turned slowly...so i'll just wait here with the lights turned out again. i lost my place, but i can't stop this story. i'll find my way, but til then i'm only...spinning
lord please bless our time together. its so difficult to go so long without being with the treasure you have graced my life with. i pray that you bring her to me safely and that i pursue her well.
this will probably take a good long while to get used to :) i think i'm still in shock. haha. i have a fiance. wow. and not just any fiance; i am pursuing the pearl of great value :d
everlasting, eternal one, zealous conqueror, creator, sustainer, almighty...how can i appeal to your highest pleasure. what can i bring to you that you do not already have? vanity. even to define my mission as one to bring you glory is utter foolishness. what can i lift up with these dirty hands? what can i sing with defiled lips?
is waiting on the lord this morning
to understand how ridiculously excited i am to see my fiance, you must first win the lottery, do somersaults, run a hundred miles effortlessly, wake up to birds chirping, eat a super-yummy meal, and be addicted to oxygen...then you might get close to scratching the surface. maybe
is examining himself. 2 cor 13:5. testing himself to see if he is in the faith. work out your salvation with fear and trembling for it is god who works in you to will and to act according to his good purpose. phillipians 2:12-13
we're goin down down in an earlier round...a loaded god complex is pointed right at us. lord, please be god here. please bless our hearts of love
bring on this semester :) what fun things will i learn?? only god knows :) ..someone's always missing from this campus though.. last term without her...sigh*
is with his darling...oh what simple things many take for granted. thank you lord for your gift of life. thank you lord for *propname* :)
"i know what lies beyond this life for me is already won. no one can take away the blood that covers over my bones. without the blood of perfect life i know i'm nothing at all."
is not with his darling anymore :( sad day(s)...lord, be my sustanence as you always are. especially now that much of my joy is 700 miles away from me. i love you *propname*, and i miss you!
"we are the sons of holy wrath,a shining light in the darkthe ones who walk amongst despair,no sign of fear in our hearts"
6am on a saturday is far to early to drag one's self out of bed...ugh, god thank you for this morning..even though i'd like to be sleeping it away...it really is a beautiful morning :)
what makes people happy? apparently we really suck at knowing what makes us happy. its a measurable, replicable scientific fact. i dunno why that strikes me funny. lol. lord, teach us to be joyful in you.
i don't know how it all works. i don't know why. i don't know how. i just am who you made me. i have what you gave me. let me be yours. please take all i have as yours. let me be holy and of you. i desire for my life to boil your vapor from my skin forever. burn everlasting flame. flinted face, calloused knuckles, and grinding teeth...my best. that's what you got.
"i believe the world is burning to the ground. oh well, i guess we're gonna find out"--how far have we come, lord? let us make the most of the time we do have here. we waste too much time on so many things that don't matter. its not worth it. really.
life never seems to stop changing. its crazy to think college is almost over. wow. lord, please guide the steps of my life as it is so formless yet traced before me.
dude, its freaking snowing!!!!! yay!!!! let's play in it!
"i gotta feelin. woohoo...that tonight's gonna be a good night" :) i like it when prayer's answered sweetly and things work out well. thanks god :)
so much to say. so much to do. so much to be. so little time. 24 hours is already to small an amount of time. its hard to be without you.
does it really take cancer or death to bring us to have a heart for our family? really? lord, at this rate, it'll take you coming on the clouds, blowing our minds and shaking us from our complacent lives...complacent in the daily grind. complacent in our justifiable self-pity. complacent in our self-centeredness. it'll take you to show us how wrong we all are.
has walked a thousand miles with grace so far. i could walk like this forever...jesus how can you be so good to me?? may you be praised in every step i take. always
"i believe it all is coming to an end. oh well, i guess we're gonna pretend". ever feel like a five-year-old who is content to cover his//her eyes to feel safe and secure? if i can't see you, you can't see me..lol..i want us all to stop ignoring the important things. they won't go away if you ignore them. i promise.
neoplatonic thinking postulates "the one" is infinite and gives rise, eventually, to this world of 'becoming". lord you were, are, and forever will be. my one. may i draw all life and thought from your essential creativity. may i be made to be like your form. good.
i like where we are. here :)...except...where's my julie?????? :(((. i don't like where we are anymore...
"no demanding without understanding" --*propname*
"ever since the day i was born i've been deciding the end..." let your light guide my way, oh lord. you are the great shepherd.
as long as i'm alive, i'd die for you. thank you lord for your love and your awakening it within me.
"all these weirdos, and me getting a little better every day...i had never known...that there might be a place for people like us"--*propname*
"wilt thou change this world... or wilt thou change thyself?"...can't i do both?
*propname*. the spice of life. apparently its one of my signature strengths :). how can i help make your life more adventurous today? thank you, lord, for making me salt and light.
screw you axle
"why art thou cast down oh my soul?" oh yeah, because my darling isn't here. lord, this is a high calling indeed.
thank you, lord, for today :) the day that three  years ago you let me start to make mine the most amazing woman ever! :) i love you *propname* :)
happy valentine's day everybody! and especially   to my sweet fiancee (with two "e's"), *propname* , who makes this day very very  special  for me! hey ya'll don't take for granted that you can hold the  one you  love in your arms. i'd give both of my arms just to see my love  right  now.
though the air is cold outside, i pray you warm our hearts with your love.