is taking a nap and dreamin of *propname*
is going on a road trip to co! wish me luck
is looking for someone to watch a movie with...possibly *propname*?
is going to have rocky mountain dreams
wants the "22kt gold star trek commander spock card" in the ad to my right.
is very angry that she cant figure out how to get pictures up of my super awesome colorado trip
wants to escape
is wondering if anyone from the burbs is going down to u of i this weekend? party before the youngins start class?
hates being sick... wheres my miracle cure? please send if you find it
is taking advantage of dollar pitchers at the public house... call to join me on this awesome deal
is desperately bored..entertain me please
went camping and canoeing for the weekend :)
is going to be a great siu groupie
has a 2x2 bruise from falling at legends...largest i can remember ever having. ow
anyone doing anything earlier tonight? call me im lonely :)
can't believe shes not returning to the u of i
is loving that the santa clause with tim allen is on tv, great 90s classic
is wondering what everyones doing tonight.. and can i invite myself? lol
never thought helping with burning gift wedding cds would be so terribly difficult
woke up to the terrible olympic news :(
is so careful, i cant move
great weekend filled with tailgating, wine trails, and lots of laughs!
is bored in her own home... come and save me
is watching obama represent chicago2016... fingers crossed for tomm afternoon!
tryed to buy a car at listed price and still couldnt... i dont understand the car industry
have to admit... zombieland was pretty good
just bought her first car, 2006 mazda3 only 15000 miles!!! kinda worrying that somehow somethings just gonna fall off of it, great price for a car that someone oviously never drove.
what are other sites to look for a job (other than the obvious monster and careerbuilder)........????
anyone have my gray wool coat? or remember the last time you saw it last night.... opps
loving the drunk messages i got tonight! hilerious.. love my friends
i have 8 invites to give out to google wave. write your email if your interested in being part of the first to get accounts!
left her purse on the train yesterday and it was given to the lost and found!! makes me still belive in the goodness of people.
would love a rainbow race right now! :(
can see the strike at u of i on the quad cam... first good use of this thing
u of i or bust! call me if your in chambana please :)
i am uneligible for car insurance bc of the other people i live with... great
has a farmers tan
went into the shower with my new watch..oops
is excited for the best holiday of the year... dranksgiving at the dupage inn. call to join the festivus
ballydoyles trivia tonight? call if your in!
finds it funny that the rule of the road change to survival in the snow storm
is wondering whats happening for the weekend
ballydoyle trivia tonight at 9 ish, call if your interested!
it's wayback week! everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! let's have fun and get everyone to do it. copy and paste this to your status!
being sick is terrible
heading to the paign for tomm night... better be ready
"beer bong for my lady?" what gentleman are on the wisconsin river
you want to play house you got to have a job. you want to play nice house, very sweet house, you got to have a job you don't like.