happy summer solstice to all!
"the creature took the form of a lovely maiden with the idea of bewitching us with her many charms, in the hope that she might get our fish."
has sacked the hallowed heights of ilion.
tentatively has a new// old job.
the iliad: 59 pages in, and i finally finished the translator's introduction to the work. progress!
goodbye *propname*. :(
"today you courted beauty and a thousand fishes rained at your feet. how do you feel?"
homeric epic number two!
//machetemachetemachete
wants 1000 points so she can win a real tank. damn, that's a good movie.
"there's so much that i have to learn, i hope it won't be hard, and i hope it will be snowing on the day they make me tzar!"
wants to be an emergentist!
was digging in the dirt today, and earned her supper.
in conclusion, both of my roommates check facebook more frequently than i.
got some blisters in the garden today.
aah, the novelty of clipping coupons.
danced on the grass while musicians on the roof serenaded the night.
has no name and is part of the kollective.
hello, world!
was surprised and pleased to meet *propname*'s freshman roommate in the bookstore.
hooray for friday!
huh, chestnuts look eerily like brains...
was disturbed to come to the realization that the dao is the game. life is cruel.
thank you for the kind sentiments, all!
"poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits."
did not expect to end up on a campus tour. huh.
seems to have acquired a mad swank bike.
off for the weekend!
can't decide if she's using laundry to avoid doing homework or homework to avoid doing laundry.
welcome to portland!
happy fall equinox!
unfortunately, folk songs in the autumn grass will always trump paper writing. back to work for me!
is climbing a tree in search of a fish.
striding forth, undaunted, unafraid, toward the uttermost frontier of thought where wisdom lures me on. o pioneer!
had not realized the degree to which packing boxes is like putting together a puzzle in 3-d. now it's much more fun!
owned her bio test, now off to read *propname* in a tree somewhere.
has been wild a-rumpusing! happy fall break to all.
playing guitar and howling at the moon.
"you coud tell by our soft feet that we were strangers in the land."
"may we suggest giving away what you don't use or need to someone who will worship it by utilizing its potential? if there are things you need, ask your friends first before you add your dollars to the bonfire of consumerism." -- best.cookbook.ever.
thinking about digging out the firepit for a post new year's bonfire. will folks be around// interested in putting together some sort of shindig?
+4 modifier to cuddle puddle optimization. yay!
is having trouble making sense of her coursework: "three feet of new powder on a stable base has made the tree skiing orgasmic." er....
"soy nog." lolwut.
40¡ weather the day i leave for oregon? maine, you are a fickle mistress.
got lost and bought a plant!
dear gods, respiratory arrest.
learning all about self-liberation. hooray!