is thanking god for another day in the land of the living. for tomorrow is not promised. a harsh reminder that we have a limited time to mend broken relationships achieve our goals and be with the ones we love.
is back! and better than ever!!!! a little wiser a lot stronger and much happier with a new attitude! :-)
is lovin it! all i have to do is sit back, enjoy the ride, let the good times roll and my destiny is here. yep, pretty much! :-)
is so disappointed...why do i always have to be right about these things?
knows that god is carrying her. without him this would be too much. "keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life. (proverbs 4:23) lord, i know your love is enough for me. :-)
"if i should stay, i would only be in your way. so i'll go, but i know i'll think of you ev'ry step of the way...i hope life treats you kind. and i hope you have all you dreamed of. and i wish you joy and happiness but above this i wish you love....and i 
"out of the abundance of the heart, the mouths speaks". guard your words at all times. your mouth can do so much damage to you and those around you. "the tongue is a world of iniquity, set afire of hell."
word of the day: you don't have to settle for anything or anyone in your life. determine what you don't like, pray hard, work hard, and fix it. sometimes its just easier to walk away and start over.
is saying lord take my hand, cover me and take me beyond what i understand.
is thinking that some people, once gone, need not ever come back into your life...ever.
is wondering why people think i'm going to put up with their foolishness. my silence is not ignorance. yes, my price tag is high, but the rewards far exceed the costand those who matter will put in the work. the only treasure valued is the treasure worked for.
is finally doing what she should have done a long time ago. a burden has been lifted.
is so happy that my daddy always hears and answers right on time!!! i love my jesus and he's the only one that i need!
i got exactly what i asked for and it hurts. i forgot that nightmares are dreams, too.
is really craving some bbq! :-( i love my family but something's gonna have to change....
is starting all over again....
can see clearly now and no longer focuses on the closed doors. i'm only looking at all the open ones god has set before me. "surely or only goodness, mercy, and unfailing love shall follow me all the days of my life and the presence of the lord and his house shall be my dwelling place forever."
"who shall lay anything to the charge of god's elect? it is god that justifieth...for i am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of god, which is in christ jesus our lord." have a blessed day!
is lmbo as this last uno game i just played! but really, though? time for bed, long day tomorrow.
is comforted and content. it only gets better from here!
had dinner with one of her favorite teachers and is finally home....
people come and go and will always disappoint so i only invest in god. lord, i belong to you until the end of time. i just wanna be close to you.
two weddings, one baby shower and a great church service on sunday! a weekend full of love and encouragement and i know the best is yet to come! "all things work together for the good to them that love god, for them who are the called according to his purpose."
"and still, i rise."
is excited about her first day at her new job as a college graduate! this is gonna be a fabulous day! this is the day that the lord hath made, let us rejoice and be glad in it!
finally graudated, despite the weather. thank you, jesus. and thank you all for your love and support and thanks to my love who came out to celebrate with me last night!
enjoyed spending time with one of her favorite people, *propname*. :-)
has to start all over again...
is done with facebook. why am i tagged in a status against my will?