s first day of work was rough. nice, but rough.
hates the person downstairs. i'm trying to work up here. i don't need you singing a vocalese while you're gargling at the sink. i mean really...
. iphone 3.0 release a day late? fu!
<3 *propname*'s ginger candy.
is mad that the fair ended up being more about mud than anything else.
is mad that the store was out of wonton rolls. do not fry springroll wrappers. it will not work.
motorola s305!!!
s gf likes everything, apparently.
set up a mobile router. was way easier than i thought it would be.
is a bad person.
s world is rocked with the ht820.
is amazed out how more effective individual updates are at getting rid of his possessions than a single photo album. only two more pieces of furniture to go!
finally remembers the meaning of summertime friday nights.
had an awesome 4th.
i talked to a guy today who was convinced chemical engineering was "mixing elements to make things that use chemicals." might make more sense if he didn't mean it literally. oh well.
who wants free stuff? the more i get rid of, the less i have to move. dresser? coat rack? shelves? desk? bathroom stereo? really people, you're doing me a favor by just taking it.
just set up network printing even though everyone said it was impossible. ha!
who wants a free tv? please just come and take it!!!
i'm still mad that i got into jazz band (the good one even) but i can't do it because of thermo. this is the first temr of college i will not get to play music. grawwwwwwwwww!!!!!
made eggrolls the right way.
free shelves!!!!!
<3s feeding time at the aquarium.
is sick of removing quiz results from his news feed. please friends, just share the ones you reeeeaaaaaaaly like.
i know grad school is having an effect on me when i read my vending machine selection as "c-naught". mmm ritz bits.
just got drunk with the germans in his suite. maybe there's something to grad dorms after all.
has tea!!!!!
westbound on the mass pike you see signs for springfield and albany; almost like being in oregon.
next term i'll have a lab and get to do science every day. until then i have a cube and get to do homework every day.
no, i'm sorry; a manometer is not a device that goes off when *propname* is nearby.
sure hopes venture bros. goes into season 5.
if you split a raw almond in your mouth, the halves are completely smooth on the inside. why does this never lose its novelty?
thought everyone might like to know he was voted biggest nerd out of all the ches...
damn feeder valve keeps clogging.
lhc: 2 beams woooooo!
whaaaat? i actually liked avatar?
i find it frustrating when non friends post pictures of friends; it leaves me without the option of leaving snarky comments. *grumble*
it'll take a lot of convincing before i'll even think about watching caprica. reimagined battlestar can kma. i might change my mind if the writters demonstrate they're capable of keeping the plot details straight through the whole series. thoughts anyone?
i highly reccommend *propname*. *propname* rules.
woot. one craigslist adventure down; one to go!
wonders why more people don't say "twenty ten"
damn boxcutter.
got into jazz band. rehearsal is at 2:30. have to bus home to get my horn. so much for getting work done today.
is high on swing dance. 'cept it's really late now...
why is it impossible to sit in the tub with the shower on and not feel emo?
wow, campus eye doctor is really fast. go umass!
broke a $900 piece of equipment today. *sigh* live and learn.
woo. new glasses will be ready next week!
just went skateboarding for the first time in my life. it'll be a few days practice before i can make it through campus.
just realized it's a lot easier to breathe when you don't live in the grass-seed capital of the world.
: saved by wolfram alpha.