found out that jolly pirate donuts near her house in wv was the one shown on that smoking gun episode!  awesome! ^^
is feeling a little subbydub today.
has a new baby sister!  little baby no-name!
just found an organization called think before you speak that flips out about people saying, "that's gay," claiming that it's offensive.  that's pretty gay, if you ask me.                                                                                    
there is now officially a tea-growing subbydub ocean, according to *propname*.
has officialy decided that *propname* is named after *propname*.
is back from the beach a little scraped up and sunburned, but otherwise okay!
is in georgia tomorrow, then to florida saturday, and back to georgia sunday.
s epic wound is starting to heal!  yay!
has only 8 more days to use the government's money.  anyone want me to go run the water and waste some more of their money?  got any grudges?   ;)
can't remember the name of that agility school in wv and can't find it on the internet!  anyone else remember?  dad or mj?
is in valdosta tomorrow, then to st. augustine saturday, then back to valdosta sunday, and back home to charleston sunday, too.
just scrubbed the inside of the car.  in the dark.  with the mosquitoes.
just got back from the pool.  wow, i'm exhausted...
stayed up to finish the kite runner last night, probably around four in the morning.  i'm not sure because i don't have a clock up there! lol
just finished "there are no children here."  it was horrendous.
s little sister told her that she could "ride her tricycle with no handlebars."  as long as you don't start singing their more political songs, sweetie.  :p
just planned the perfect field trip. ^^
spent 1 hour in the car, 2 hours in potomac mills, only went to 2 stores, and got just a cup out of the whole day.  wow.
is going to try drawing upstairs.  didn't work so well in the car.  usually a change of atmosphere helps.
the early bird gets the worm...but the second mouse gets the cheese in the trap.  words to live by.  i do, at least.
just got back from the zoo.  no gray wolves, no girraffes...really not much of anything.  :(
s mom can't find a cheap orange jansport backpack online because *propname* used one in twilight, so everyone's paying top-dollar for them.  hilarious.  :d
is having fun learning the 12 principles of animation.  also, i drove on a road for the first time yesterday.  don't worry; it was just a few blocks, and everyone should be back on their feet in no time.  ;)
just told *propname* died.  there was a short pause.  "we need a new *propname*."  nice.
s hamster died last night. :(
tuition at rhode island is 35 grand!!
the girl walking me to my classes today asked me if i played any sports.  hahahaha ha ha ha ha...ahh, that's funny.  silly cheerleaders.
might need to make an easier "how-well-do-you-know" quiz.  go take it and tell me.  ; )
just found out that you lose your sense of smell when you sleep.  interesting.
does not like this *propname* chick!  at all!
can't get the freaking pictures on facebook to work!  i hate that app! >:(
just filled out a survey to get monthly email coupons for proplan at complete petmart!  awesome!  ^^
thinks maybe that trying to upload a 9.8 meg photo to crappy facebook isn't such a good idea...
s mom just said, "*propname*'s right!"  lol!
*propname*'s tantrum has finally come to a close.  phew!  (read my note for more details ;) )
thinks that people should learn more about a foreign country's customs and be more polite in said foreign country!
s back does not like to tan (or sunburn) evenly!  my back is splotchy again, and this time i didn't even use sunscreen!  >:(
had only 5 hours of sleep last night and somehow feels fine, but will have 7-8 hours of sleep on schooldays and cannot seem to wake up in the morning.  what the crap is that??
really thinks there's no way she'll finish that collage by tomorrow.  seriously.
finds it funny how absolutely kung fu panda dominated the *propname* last year.  even wall-e didn't stand a chance!  (oh, yeah, that's what *propname* was named after. ;)
finally found her tea diffuser!  it's tea time, biyotch!  ...hmm, am i allowed to say that?  guess i'll find out when i'm grounded for a week...  ;)
s venus' fly trap caught its first bug: a little gnat.  aww, they grow up so fast...
loved the new family guy the other night.  watching the disney scene was a lot of fun.  on that note, it's all animated in korea.  what is up with that?  can't we animate our own shows in our own country?!
has a new cell number: (229) 251-4618.  save it now.  save it!
had a half day today!  yay!
new bones yesterday, new soup and dog whisperer tonight, and new simpsons and family guy sunday!  and i've brought my science grade up from an 84 to a 91!  woooo!
really needs to plan out the next two days carefully... hmm...  Â_Â
s mom is playing scrabble.  mom: "what the heck does 'rehem' mean?  oh, wait; that was my word."  i think she needs to go lay down like *propname* for a little while.
is alive.  you should try it sometime; it's a lot of fun.
jumping on the lyrics-for-status bandwagon: don't let apathy police the populace, we will march across those stereotypes that were marked for us. the answer's obvious; we switch the consonants and change the "sword" to "words" and lift continents.  9//11 <3
watched the president's speech yesterday.  wow, i'm sooo indoctrinated!  [//sarcasm]  stupid radical jerks...
tiny fingers...can't type...pinky hurts...too many octaves...why? why, genetics, why?
thinks people should either do something or shut up and deal!  we were the (pretty much) first country to have a peaceful transfer of power between political parties.  let's go back to those times, shall we?  if you're not gonna do anything about what you don't like, then please, shut up and leave everyone else alone. kthxbi.
s weird cat came inside not for a bowl of food, but for a bowl of water.  i poured some water over near where he was outside and he came trotting over straight into my arms!  xd
what?  why did no one tell me that zombieland was filmed at wild adventures?!  so those guys trying to recruit lhs students for a "big movie making fun of zombie movies filmed near wa and in the woods" were actually legit!  omg i have to go see it! also, all you people in valdosta fail for not telling me about it! ;)
can't believe how many restaurants and stores didn't have their flags at half-staff today!  how can you possibly forget what today is, especially if the building right next to you has theirs at half-staff?  9//11 <3
new cell number: (555) 555-5555
helps the police, because nice police are nice to me! xd
serving god is doing good to man, but praying is thought an easier service and is therefore more generally chosen.
just posted her amazon christmas list on here.  be sure to read the notes at the top!!
"the role of bruce wayne//batman was originally offered to *propname*, but he turned it down." what??!
would like to remind everybody that we live in a multicultural society composed of more than just christians, that this country was not built off of christianity (in fact, many of our founding fathers were deists, not christians) and the only ones keeping christ out of christmas are the people who insist on filing lawsuits for not saying "christmas" instead of spending their time caring for others!  happy holidays!
just got back from camping.  i feel so disgusting...
thinks that maybe if more real guys were more like *propname* from dragon age, she might be more willing to date.  yes, i seriously just said that.
*propname*. ;)
thinks *propname* deserves yet another apology from warner brothers.  for multiple reasons.  how do you leave out the big, climactic battle scene of a book?  how does that happen?  and then you turn around and add in an entire scene that not only didn't happen, but also makes no sense whatsoever.
is watching the dog whisperer where an aggressive chihuahua rules all the pit bulls at a pit bull rescue!
freakin. loves. photoshop.  now if only i could find some classes...
doesn't know what to do for some people for christmas!  d:
is frustrated...
got her game fixed!  almost done, now...just a few more rooms, then off to the evil dragon!  i have a feeling something bad's gonna happen.  just a hunch...
just watched a documentary on 9//11 conspiracy theorists.  those have got to be the most low-down, small-minded, egotistical, self-centered, uncaring, ignorant, heartless monsters i have ever seen.
ugh, nevermind.  got stuck and had to backtrack.  might as well do all the side quests while i'm at it.  maybe i'll finish by freaking friday...
feels pretty confident about the chemistry test tomorrow.
wow, da is tossing out achievements like crazy.  good ones, too.  also, i cannot type today to save my life.  i can't tell you how many times i had to hit the backspace while typing this. x-l
"the world may end in 2012 but this show won't." xd lol!
hmm, that wasn't too bad. had me worried for a minute.  i've certainly seen worse endings. like freakin' fallen! seriously, what the crap was that?! anyways, not bad. ^^
huh. i stand corrected.
why? why does bioware have to be so mean to me? i know mass effect 2 is out! leave me alone! dx