cage match: nyquil versus summer cold. one night only! who will be victorious?
excited for the wilco show tomorrow!
would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes and death threats it means alot
i better pay the library 3.60 or the man is coming to my house
framed roger rabbit
great victory over the cold
is almost 26!
taking the friday train to weekend town
survived the fair it was a good time
wilco or bust yeehaw!!1!!11
preparing for another day of boiling
is enjoying some tahoe sunshine
is off to dreamland
tahoe, here we come!
had a great weekend thanks to everyone who showed for the terrible t-shirt party
gi jooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooe!
the spice exists in all of us
is convinced that work causes gradually increasing brain damage to the point that at 5:00pm he is unable to form complete sentences or recognize faces.
the king of pop is dead. :(
lakers: raised to the 5th power
happy 4th of july people!
sacrificial furniture pit out side of my house. if anyone wants a dresser, couch, or portable ac unit. stop by the palace in petaluma
is playing real life tetris with moving boxes
moverama! part 5: our intrepid heroes are beset on all sides by tragedy as the movers have backed the truck into a car. will our courageous cast live to see novato, or will their new living quarters be the marin county home for the destitute and ill-at-he
patch//paint//spackle attack
pack up the boxes, move the boxes, unpack the boxes, live out of boxes, box the boxes. box box wr#t%r$ty%ryhtg!@##$$#
as the laziest man on earth, moving makes me sad.
hide away!
loves summer evenings
after along sleepless week, i am pulling my old man card and going to bed before 12:00 on a friday nights. now if i can just find my dentures and cane
dinner with *propname*!
moverama! part four: my floor is my bed, my dresser is in the garage, and i have set fire to all non essentials. now comes periods of existential dread and sheer ecstasy as my house collapses in on itself
looking forward to checking *propname* out of the the post-bar mental institution. congrats to all you bar -takers out there!
well i am confident i got more spackle and paint on myself than the wall, but we both do look fabulous!
dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. give yourself peace of mind. you deserve to be happy. you deserve delight. *propname*
phish at shoreline tonight
lakers can haz championship!
the king of pop could be dead :(
is baking cookies in his room...because it is an oven
just got his marin county library card. let the nerdery commence!
is sleepy mcsleeperson
compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us. *propname*
gym=the hurt
no sleep make brain work bad.
just tested curb hopping the subaru with *propname* in sr. i laughed so hard i think i broke something
accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. *propname*
hamlet: and therefore as a stranger give it welcome. there are more things in heaven and earth, horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy. hamlet act 1, scene 5, 159–167
looking forward to all the terrible t-shirts!
back at the petaluma palace
left his heart in san francisco and thus had a massive coronary arrest upon exiting the city
dugout bar tonight. live it.love it.
up in tahoe and there is not a cloud in the sky. its a beautiful day to be alive
oh the hazards of love
once more unto the breach...
back from magical nappy-noo land. man did i need it.
doing the walk through with the landlord today. an epic battle of wills commences
july 4th=extra servings of gaperade
looking forward to spamalot
is ready for a nappy-noo
moverama! final act: despite devious brigands, terrifying creatures, and a run in with a band of pygmy cannibals, our loyal cast has finally arrived in the principality of novato!
when we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. viktor e. frankl
out of the mountains and into the bay
of to the dentist to get work done on the grill
purging the non-believers from the itunes library
is excited for the fair. cotton candy, shady carnies, and rides that fall apart as you ride them
off to the mountains to visit the peeps!
to sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub;
come one come all *propname* and *propname* are playing britfest in truckee. its a guaranteed good time!
moverama round three: this time the whole world is moving, at least inside my head
getting down with the sickness  :(
the headache gremlin is back
happy father's day to the old man and the rest of you dad's out there!
is out of petaluma in a month and down to novato. camp lotsafun is shutting down :(
is glad his room is now a little cooler than the surface of the sun
after this week the move will finally be at an end thank you sweet jesus
time to step out of the internet and get some sun
my brain=monday molasses
wireless card beats wireless adapter thank god for steady internetz
setting the lazyometer to 11
monday night malaise
"hell is empty and all the devils are here" - william shakespeare, the tempest, 1.2
friday i'm in love
its going to be a boiling, yet beautiful day
wistfully working
ready for nappy noo time
hanging with the parental units
monday morning why do you come on so strong?
shakespeare in the park not a bad way to spend a sunday
we must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.  ~*propname*
tis a lovely night for a stroll
razzle dazzle cafe zazzle!
i enjoy thursdays masquerading as fridays
portland was fun but its good to see the sun
after months of procrastinating, i am finally  watching the last season of battlestar galactica
the teeth are now in open revolt. i must make an appeal to the dentist  tomorrow to quell political unrest
insurance just checked in to see what condition my pre-existing condition was in
oh portland, how i love thee
today you are you, that is truer than true. there is no one alive who is youer than you.  *propname*
i fought the box and the box won :(
grumpy mcgrumperson
whiskey a go-go!
bills for my grill
we are the music-makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams *propname*
i can haz dinner?
drink em if ya got em. its the big one today
giants game tonight
finally feeling somewhat moved in. it might be a miracle folks!
only robinson crusoe had everything done by friday.  ~author unknown
my body doth protest about the gym
sol food for lunch!
is getting disturbed by the deer in the meadow. they seem to be edging ever closer...they can smell fear
sleepy mcsleeperson
all great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door. *propname*
mondaze
just got tickets to the phish show at shoreline!
the dentist man cometh at 12:00
well after being moved in for months i finally hung up some pictures.  go go lack of motivation!
grilling and good beer. a pretty awesome way to spend a saturday night
we are at the very beginning of time for the human race. it is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. but there are tens of thousands of years in the future. our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on. *propname*
mondazed
monday morning brain is broken
i is teh tired
breaking the intarnetz
being on a diet means i have to eat such strange things as fruit and vegetables, who would have thought?
hardly strictly tomorrow may we all have fun and make it out alive
friday afternoon catatonia
made it back from the festival. a coupla of bee stings and whiskey draught and some awesome tunes...what an awesome day
the tooth uprising has been quelled thanks to the loyalist forces of the dentist. my mouth remains a politically intact less painful region
beestings still itch like its going out of style. docta says i need a beeiotomy
the robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief.  ~william shakespeare, othello
the teeth are rebelling
season 3 of dexter is keeping it pretty real
yeah steelers!
nappy noo time
it was so cold this morning i am pretty sure that i hallucinated polar bears and penguins on the way to my car
trying out chrome for the first time seems pretty quick on the uptake
if the itching continues from the stings i am just going to go with amputation peg legs are in fashion
the new muse album is awesome
and with the onset of autumn comes the autumn cold. fml
boise idaho or bust
got a bronze medal for the mps run!
boise, idaho day 3. french fries are happiness deep-fried
having no bay bridge makes me sad
has won the  nobel prize for procrastination and ineptitude thank god they made some new categories this year
its a hot one folks
kind of digging the weird weather today
back in cal woo hoo!
after a crazy week of travelling finally back in ca.
looks like it is time to convert the old subaru into a rowboat. my name is captain *propname*
hey all the good old tahoma lodge now has a fan page. please join to support boyce and kay, or to remember the good times.
the spice exists in all of us
breaking the internet
happy halloween people try not to mix the booze and the candy too much!
setting the lazy dial to 11
we could go gently into the good night, or we could have a drink and toast the coming dawn
waiting for november to get the cold weather memo
in cal for one day then back out to see the family in portland. vagabonds r us
it smells like a sulfur vent has opened underneath our building. next comes volcanic ash and burning
kevin smith tonight!
thor the thunder god is knocking at my door
its opening day at *propname* memorial park for cold season! boo! :(
beam me up scotty!
october is a packed festival month! hardly strictly this wknd, then onto treasure island in a coupla weeks!
bee stings itch
“speed is not part of the true way of strategy. speed implies that things seem fast or slow, according to whether or not they are in rhythm. whatever the way, the master of strategy does not appear fast….of course, slowness is bad. really skillful people never get out of time, and are always deliberate, and never appear busy.”  *propname*
not what we have but what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. epicurus
boise, idaho day 2. where there is hope, there is potatoes
hardly strictly or bust!
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
good times in the mountains. now i return to do battle with the nefarious arch-villain monday
your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. and most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. they somehow already know what you truly want to become. everything else is secondary.” steve jobs
my immune system is battling the cold. there is most uncivil war going on in the body. collateral damage may be my ability to breathe and form coherent sentences
kevin smith and halloween this wknd. shaping up to be a big one
my body doth protest about ye olde basketballe yesterday. at least we gave the youngsters a good beat down.
the hour doth approach
monday night madness at work. ask not for whom the work bell rings, it rings for *propname*
art show! someone might mistake us  being sophisticated
sleep good. me like sleep.
cold but sunny here in the mountains
good times up in the northern reaches. hoping everyone is still intact from santarchy
be content to seem what you really are. *propname*
the endorphin rush of going to the gym after three weeks of being fat and lazy is a nice change of pace
mexican standoff with monday tomorrow at 8:00am
holiday party: this means even santa is going to drink.
congrats to the newly weds!
going up to the halls of the mountain king to see if he has any turkey to offer. happy turkey day to all of you out there in the interwebs :)
everyone has their own anodyne
happy holidays everyone
doctor says i need a backiotomy from all this moving
if the children don't grow up our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up we're just a million little gods causing rainstorms  turning every good thing to rust
gypsies have carried the furniture off into the night
"we are the music makers,and we are the dreamers of dreams,wandering by lone sea-breakers,and sitting by desolate streams;—world-losers and world-forsakers,on whom the pale moon gleams:yet we are the movers and shakersof the world for ever, it seems." *propname*
some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.  *propname*
i get on the road to tahoe tomorrow to do battle with tourists, the law, and this fat elf man with reindeer that everyone keeps talking about
most of our platitudes notwithstanding, self-deception remains the most difficult deception. the tricks that worked on others count for nothing in that very well-lit back alley where one keeps assignations with oneself: no winning smiles will do here, no prettily drawn list of good intentions. - *propname*
currently addicted to the latest wilco album
gotta love it when they seal the floors in the building and there is no ventilation. i predict general sleepiness and permanent brain damage by noon
hutchins ahoy!
i wantz to see avatar in 3d
there is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. my brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. dalai lama
back to work tomorrow. if i can remember where i work and what i did for work before the year ended.
metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food. *propname*
this new diet has opened a whole new world of cuisine. tonight's dish prisoner-of-war stew with beans, rice, and more beans.
the tax man cometh
fighting the good fight or at least trying
monday morning= broken brain
"beyond mountains there are mountains." - haitian proverb
“hell is empty and all the devils are here.” shakespeare
cheer up emo kid
so it goes.
when the student is ready, the teacher will appear. ... buddhist proverb
nothing like having stuff stolen out of your car to brighten your day. go humanity!
apparently my fb account emailed a bunch of people malware. if you received a facebook email from me with a  one line response and link to a website please disregard it and delete it
and now for somethign completely different
back in the habit
friday why do you come on so strong?
well survived the city and sfo in the pouring rain and managed to not get eaten by a sea monster all in all a good day
good to see tahoe kids pulling some medals. congrats *propname*!
we're the tattooed lady, and we're never going to have a minute's peace, the rest of our lives, until everybody else is tattooed, too."   - *propname*, *propname* and *propname*.   the world will miss you :(