just finished drill...8 people fell out
need to do calc
grilling with the battalion
working on calculus
military science iii
had to move to delta
there is no squabbling so violent as that between people who accepted an idea yesterday and those who will accept the same idea tomorrow.
back to class
battalion level smoke session at 2130
calc, history, comp, then chem
height and weight test under bravo
chem and then im done with classes for the day
i hate wednesdays
adversity causes some men to break, others to break records............ ..back from the gym
ms iii class
phone sucks
i apologize for my last status no real smoke session took place...im not sure what it was
no
dream as if you have forever. live as if you only have today
going to the gym
think what a better world it would be if we all, the whole world, had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon and then lay down on our blankets for a nap...
do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail
parade practice...worst time of the day
he who strikes first, strikes twice.
it's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper
anybody who wants to do stx lanes tonight report to delta barracks by 745...full battle rattle..this includes rucksack,lbv with compass and water, dummy rifle, and redlines flashlight..have assault pack in rucksack bring kevlar and pc
going to the gym...hit me up later
some people walk in the rain, others just get wet
anyone who can be replaced by a machine deserves to be
may have overworked my abs today...feel torn
the undertaking of a new action brings new strength
going for a long run hit me up later
most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second
i like running because it's a challenge.  if you run hard, there's the pain - and you've got to work your way through the pain.  you know, lately it seems all you hear is? don't overdo it' and? don't push yourself.' well, i think that's a lot of bull shit.  if you push the human body, it will respond
the person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it.
the trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it
if you want to be a leader try and act like one
there is genius in persistence. it conquers all opposers. it gives confidence. it annihilates obstacles. everybody believes in a determined man. people know that when he undertakes a thing, the battle is half won, for his rule is to accomplish whatever he sets out to do.
if i am not for myself, who will be for me? if i am not for others, what am i?and if not now, when?
lunch then going to work out....any workout which does not involve a certain amount of danger or responsibility does not improve the body - it just wears it out
the first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. the second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are
you don't drown by falling in water. you drown by staying there.
if i had to select one quality, one personal characteristic that i regard as being most highly correlated with success, whatever the field, i would pick the trait of persistence. determination. the will to endure to the end, to get knocked down seventy times and get up off the floor saying, ''here comes number seventy-one!
.if we wait for the moment when everything,  absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin
getting smoked tonight
i'm a great believer in luck, and i find the harder i work, the more i have of it.
your toughness is made up of equal parts persistence and experience. you don't so much outrun your opponents as outlast and outsmart them, and the toughest opponent of all is the one inside your head
going on a run
monday..enough said
jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius.
i long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble
the average estimate themselves by what they do, the above average by what they are
phones dead
running the course, then to the weight room
personally, i don't think there's intelligent life on other planets. why should other planets be any different from this one?
since the house is on fire let us warm ourselves
going to the qm
msc iii class..
good day...goodnight
got my battle rattle ready
education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance
common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom
executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
why did i want to win? because i didn't want to lose!
despise the fact i have already been up for almost 3 hours
nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost proverb. education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. persistence and determination alone are omnipotent
the will to win means nothing without the will to prepare
excellence is an art won by training and habituation. we do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. we are what we repeatedly do. excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
i've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom
if life gives you lemons - make grapejuice. then sit back and let people wonder how you did it.
since light travels faster than sound,  people appear bright until you hear them speak
if you can't convince them, confuse them
first free weekend
the power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it
far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.
here's to you and here's to me, and i hope we never disagree. but, if that should ever be, to hell with you, here's to me
just because everything's different doesn't mean anything's changed
as it is the characteristic of great wits to say much in few words, so small wits seem to have the gift of speaking much and saying nothing.
it doesn't work to leap a twenty-foot canyon in two ten-foot jumps
common sense is instinct.  enough of it is genius
finished ruck run
i've always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best
sometimes                            it is entirely appropriate to kill a fly with a sledge                            hammer
chem test
dreams permit each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives
i'm not the greatest; i'm the double greatest. not only do i knock 'em out, i pick the round.
if one can stick to the training throughout the many long years, then will power is no longer a problem. it's raining? that doesn't matter. i am tired? that's besides the point. it's simply that i just have to
it seems rather incongruous that in a society of supersophisticated communication, we often suffer from a shortage of listeners
if the path less traveled were the easy path, then all would take it, thus making greatness simply average
people demand freedom of speech to make up  for the freedom of thought which they avoid
no matter where you go, there you are
there is no point at which you can say, well, i'm successful now. i might as well take a nap
just got back from rugby and the weight room, going to eat....hit me up later
if                            you're in a fair fight, you didn't plan it properly
your             problem is that you think you have time
light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. no matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.
it's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper
perseverance is more than endurance. it is endurance combined with absolute assurance and certainty that what we are looking for is going to happen
before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. that way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes
it is the characteristic excellence of the strong man that he can bring momentous issues to the fore and make a decision about them. the weak are always forced to decide between alternatives they have not chosen themselves.
i can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. and i can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it
motivation is a fire from within. if someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly
surprise me
success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. you must set yourself on fire.
if a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk?
believing requires action
between two evils i always pick the one ive never tried before
those who are more adapted to the active life can prepare themselves for contemplation in the practice of the active life, while those who are more adapted to the contemplative life can take upon themselves the works of the active life so as to become yet more apt for contemplation
where am i?
thinking is more interesting than knowing, but less interesting than looking
man imposes his own limitations, don't set any
we run, not because we think it is doing us good, but because we enjoy it and cannot help ourselves...the more restricted our society and work become, the more necessary it will be to find some outlet for this craving for freedom.  no one can say, 'you must not run faster than this, or hump higher than that.'  the human spirit is indomitable
what i must do is all that concerns me. this rule, equally arduous in actual and intellectual life, may serve for the whole distinction between greatness and meanness. it is harder because you will always find those who think they know what is your duty better than you know it.
restlessness is dicontent, and discontent is the first neccesity of progress
i cannot have survival as my only goal.  that would be too boring.
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=k78znto_efq&feature=playlist&p=17708ed0c8cf48c1&index=19
the slower we move the faster we die
one reason we resist making deliberate choices is that choice equals change and most of us, feeling the world is unpredictable enough, try to minimise the trauma of change in our personal lives.
there are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. we are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it.
success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
workouts are like brushing my teeth; i don't think about them, i just do them.  the decision has already been made
leadership is no more confined to process, than writing is to format
staying up late reading an analysis of caesars civil war a man who lived by the quote audacity, more audacity, always audacity, his amazing success in life, war, and politics is yet another hwever old testament that fortune trully does favor the audacious a saying that seems to hold more truth with every experience i have
everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things
not gonna sleep good tonight
no bees, no honey; no work, no money.
that was fun
i hate the expression "what makes him tick."  it is the american mind, looking for simple and singular solution, that uses the foolish expression.  a person not only ticks, he also chimes and strikes the hour, falls and breaks and has to be put together again, and sometimes stops like an electric clock in a thunderstorm
going to work out..then mapping and setting up stx lanes for tonight hit me up if you want in
fight one more round. when your arms are so tired that you can hardly lift your hands to come on guard, fight one more round. when your nose is bleeding and your eyes are black and you are so tired that you wish your opponent would crack you one on the jaw and put you to sleep, fight one more round – remembering that the man who always fights one more round is never beaten
earlier tonight, i found a picture of waldo in jail. i didn't think much of it until i realized he was probably a wanted fugitive and that's why he is always hiding
what is opportunity to the man who can't use it?
dont you find it funny that after monday(m) and tuesday(t), the rest of the week says wtf?
the truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. for it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers
read, every day, something no one else is reading. think, everyday, something no one else is thinking. do, every day, something no one else would be crazy enough to do.
someday
there is no better time than now. the time to live is now. the time to dream is now. the time to imagine and forget the past is now. the time to shine is now. the time to bleed, sweat, and determine yourself for the things you want most is now.
all things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.
all change is not growth; as all movement is not forward.
stx on friday hit me up if you want in....the greatest potential for control tends to exist at the point where action takes place.
dream great...achieve greatness
our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves -- to break our own records, to outstrip our yesterday by our today.
when you aim for perfection, you  discover it's a moving target.
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry under your name as a comment.
my alarm clock & i had a fight. it wanted me to get up, i refused. things escalated. now i'm awake & it’s broken. not sure who won the fight
try to learn something about everything and everything about something
think..see. ..act...
a failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough
don't always think in a straight line
we do not rise to the level of  our expectations. we fall to the level of our training