sometimes i realise how insignificant i am in the universe. then i get over it.
just uploaded photos. wow, that ball was fun...
for some reason i have stayed up till 4am. i'm only a little tired, and i've run out of books to read. i've also started and finished a game i downloaded. is there something wrong with me?
it's getting a mite windy out there...
i haven't gone to bed yet, but i'm heading that way...
turning 17 on wednesday, getting cake in tutor time on thursday, nirthday party saturday instead of work... what could be a better week?
practically 17. =d so excited about saturday, but not so excited about how much it will cost to hire a ps2 and singstars.
i now semi-own a playstation 2 slim! i also have singstar mics and a memory card, now i all i need are some suggestions for games a beginner can play..? i quite like crash and spyro...
i had my hair dyed and straightened on thursday. now i really want hair straighteners, but i have to wait until i've paid for my restricted test. also, having washed my hair, i realise that my hair has quite a bit of cur//wave to it. who knew?
copy this into your status and see what people rate you. 1:crazy. 2:i'd marry you. 3:talkative. 4:sarcastic. 5:lovable. 6:clubhead. 7:moody. 8:dumb. 9: spoiled. 10:mouthy. 11:random. 12:hot. 13:funny. 14:fit. 15:amazing. 16:tough. 17:cute. 18:bf//gf type. 19:player. 20:the best. 21:freak. 22:quiet. 23:sexy. 24: adorable
i will be completely honest for 24 hours... you can ask me one question (only in my inbox). any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is. there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get.
paramore ticket presale next weekend - anyone else getting tickets?
going to get my restricted on the 7th of december. should be fun!
definitely wants more of those cherry blossom trees in farmtown. they're awesome!
i have more time on my hands - this means i have gone through 5 books in the last 5 days!
i just got emailed my ezy-ticket to paramore! i don't want to wait three months to see them!
can't wait for thursday - i'm buying hair straighteners!
doesn't want to go to work in and hour and a half - if at all. too bad i need the money...
oh, and the 7th of january i'm going for my restricted license... again. yay.
his body was found gored to death, as if by a wild animal.
i still think people that can't stack baskets properly are idiots.
go to urbandictionary.com,  type your first name copy and paste this as your status and put the  first entry for your name as a comment:
i have been watching star trek for 3 weeks now. i think i have a problem.
just bought an 8gb mp3//mp4 player. for &79.99. damn awesome!
ugh, leadership training. why did i bother getting up this morning?