back in carolina
just stepped foot in philly, unpackin... get at me if you're in town 336-906-0860
quick run
is in nyc chillin out
facebook is entirely too distracting, cell me if ya need me
at the library knockin out some legal writing homework
busy busy
can't believe he's in law school right now and therefore actually a poor college student once again, yipee
@ the gym
pandora is in fact the greatest invention of all time. i owe my entire current quasi-sanity to its existence.
. . . . .
yrarbil
has anyone ever told you that you must be having a case of the "munday's"? no.... fuck no man!....... i imagine you'd get your ass kicked saying something like that.
does the reading ever end?
disclaimer: i do in fact listen to rap.
i believe my cell phone is officially broken beyond repair.
chillin out to some "counting crows"...
haha really? a safety for the win? go heels!
i think i read that in a book somewhere.       are you sure it was a book... are you sure it wasn't nothing?            oh ya.
apparently you're not a golfer.
"i don't know what you do, but i do thangs" .... yah i have no idea?
[c] legal writing sucks. [r] something is deemed to "suck" if it takes an innordinate amount of time to complete in mind numbing silence that slowly drives you fucking crazy. [e] in berkovitch it was determined that working on "pennoyer", an outdated case that has no bearing on actual modern day law "sucks" because it took over 5 hours and drove him fucking crazy...
beware uncaged coral.
"divine apathy, disease of my youth, watch that you don't catch it" "it says son, time is all.... the luck you need."
so wish i had the time to watch the steelers stomp on the bears
thank you.
damn it feels good to be a gangster.
if you take any part in disturbing my nap i will probably end your life. you've been warned.
pc load letter, what the fuck does that mean?!?
"sometimes we take chances, sometimes we take pills, i can write it better than you ever felt it"
" a teenage vow in a parking lot, till tonight do us part "  haha love it.
i <3 law school.
shit, bercovitch made the yankee hat more popular than a yankee can.
*sigh*
checkin out the new gym
"great ambition and conquest without contribution is without significance."
i want this shit forever man.
dear homeowner: i apologize for contributing to the destruction of your plastic fence. though you will be pleased to know that we did indeed reach our destination and rocked out with our cocks out. okay not really, but we did rock out.
must be a quarter life crisis.
"i suggest we learn to love ourselves before it's made illegal"
"chivalry has not timeline" - *propname* (haha what?!)
"she checkin out my dougie like she's patty mayonnaise" ..... really? people get paid to come up with this shit?  second guessing my career path... shoulda been a rapper.  i could totally pull off a "grill"
leebrary
torts... aka intro to ambulance chasing
the q is back.
"shit, i didn't pass the bar, but i know a little bit, enough where you won't illegally search my shit."
time is all, the luck you need.
res ipsa loquitur, sed quid in infernos dicet?
hey what's your favorite planet? mine's the sun, cause it's like the king of all the planets.
"... it's a very dangerous time, the coalition for reason is extremely weak."
my schedule next semester. sucks. balls.
does anyone have my civ pro paper???????????
i paid everything to roll the dice, just one more time.
"i feel stupid, but it's something that comes and goes"
sue: ok but change your pic on fb, it sucks <--- (my mother on facebook chat)  you know you look like shit when your own mother calls you out on it! lol
quote of the day: "my ex had them...having saggy balls slap u during sex its the most discusting thing ever"
28 u.s.c. ¤76: no excuses, play like a champion.
"those left standing will make millions writing books on the way it should have been"
pardon me while i burst.
so *propname* has s'mores on the menu, and apparently i'm going to be forced to eat one within the next five minutes, i feel like im at a damn campfire.
"she saw the truck coming and stepped on the gas in order to become air-borne because she knew she could fly because batman does it." 173 n.w.2d 619 (wisc. 1970).
the new droid phone is the sweetest phone ever. xmas has come early bitches!
"funny the way it is when you think about it, one kid walks 10 miles to school while another's dropping out."
i want a puppy dammit.
naps suck. someone shoulda woke me dammit!
"coincidence is god's way of remaining anonymous" - einstein
"a perfection of means, and a confusion of aims, seems to be our main problem"
is beginning to understand the correlation between the titles esquire and alcoholic.
damn you oliet.
s.t.e.e.l.e.r.s.
"no. you said filipino. that's a nationality" , thank you cam
the headline reads "the defendant hangs but the jury doesn't"
anyone else in international law next semester?
i'm out like a fat kid in dodge ball.
memo-a-thon weekend, :)
s.t.e.e.l.e.r.s.
gym then back to the leebrary . wow.
villanova wildcats > georgetown hoyas
1l of a week.
so i got tired of learning about the law in the abstract and decided that i'd go ahead and have a cop issue me with a citation for a court appearance. yay... field trip!
volcano insurance? we've never had a volcano eruption here.  well don't you think we're due for one then? *propname*.
90s music is//was the shit!
i got five on it.
where the *#%@ is my...... nm found it
"tell me do you think it'd be alright if i just crashed here tonight? see i'm in no shape for driving and anyways i got no place to go...."
[a] this fucking memo takes more than 5 hours and drives the reasonable person fucking crazy. [c] therefore legal writing fucking "sucks".
"grave digger, when you dig my grave, could you make it shallow, so i can feel the rain."
"i'm like a lawyer with the way i'm always trying to get you off"
.... and it's been so long since i've seen the ocean, guess i should.
dreaming about providence and whether mice and men get second tries....
when the *#@% is facebook going to create a dislike button??!