will be in sj as of tonight! he'll be in town till saturday morning so call him and rescue him from the boredom that is his house.
is unexplainably down :\
has one more day in san jose before he disappears back to the otherness of sacramento.
has been waking up obscenely early the last couple of days; is anyone up for breakfast now that i've been awake and hour and a half?
is finally home :)
is further failing at life. why do they give me extra bureaucratic hoops when i keep proving that i fail at jumping through them ><
would like the world to know that this next week he intends to be awesome and fix all of his problems.
loves beautiful music of every shape and size
is home and catching up on facebook :)
is leaving for anaheim super soon!
had a fantabulous week and would like thank all his sj friends for making that happen. it was great to see all of you. :d
is hoping his sunday will turn out as well as his saturday did.
is off to run some errands
cannot fall asleep ><
likes that it really rained last night :)
is tired, and off to bed
classety class class class... :\
no one should be frozen in carbonite, or be slowly digested for a thousand years in the bowels of a sarlaac, just because they couldn't pay *propname* what they owe him. if you agree, post this as your status.
a bit of relaxation and then an hour of beethoven.
congratulations all-hallowians, i enjoyed a wonderful concert!
needs internal motivation.
has hw for tomorrow and wednesday that doesn't want to be done
walk, then hw
last day of adding... *fingers are crossed*
home after two rehearsals back to back... whew time for some relaxation then a nice long sleep :)
english english english
another week of school!!! yay.......
autumn cleaning day
thinks it's awesome that he's sitting in his room in a sweater because he left the window open during the day.
darn you *propname*'s... my insides are very unhappy :(
laundry almost done... it was a lovely day for a walk
yay... beethoven is over!
hates it when people are dishonest. :\
sleep.
sunday wasn't quite as awesome, but it was still a good day :p
hates that he gets home from choir at 9:30 or 10:00 and glee doesn't go up online till about 1 am ><
need some time with my brain... time for a walk
question... does anyone actually use the poke feature on facebook anymore?
thinks that chrome has come a long way since the first time he tried it, and has gotten fed up enough with firefox that he's willing to give it another shot.
has 8 invites to google wave... i'd love to try it out with anyone that has a shared class with me. let me know if you want in!
would like to thank everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes... it's quite pleasant to be harrassed by facebook 1 day a year ;)
blah....
*propname* just started working on his first mozart aria... a bit late but it'll have to do :)
is officially a bit of a stupid-head... had this crazy notion that my idiocy might not screw me over for certain but oh well.
and every time i've held a rose, it seems i only felt the thorns
wowza running tomorrow morning supa early
must work, but the facebook demands my time!
transparent