don't forget to sign up for the ultimate club!!!!
its too hot to be running
for anyone that is having trouble getting something for the honors and ap spanish 3 hw go to google and search "ninos de los inmigrantes"
can someone please tell me what the deal is with practice tomorrow!!!
yeah!!! i went and saw the chiropractor today. hopefully this will relieve my back issues
todays run was amazing! i made it to washington st and back in 64:00 min with very little pain in my back! xc meet tmrw @rcc in moreno valley
here's to all of the runners that went to the xc meet today!  congrats to *propname* for an amazing performance to win the small schools girls varsity race with a blistering time of 19:00 min.  and to the entire girls varsity for taking first place for riverside county.  the boys varsity tied with banning for the #1 spot.
go house claver!!!!!!!
yesterday was so much fun... @ the palm springs invite we had 2 runners win their race.  i personally came in 17th out of 60 runners in the jv race with a time of 15:05 for 2 miles.
buenos noches! hasta manana *propname* people!
rejected! the dance was fun last night although it didnt end how i hoped it would. mc turned my offer down
this is to all juniors who have been to ucr to do research: you can still access the ucr database w//out being @ ucr
i feel accomplished!  i finished 1st for the jv boys in the christian league and 5th overall in the race.  i gotta get mi tarea done now so i will talk to all of you manana
help me!!!! the h spanish 3 hw is too hard my article is in spanish and i have to summarize it in spanish
how many xc people are ready for the death race tmrw????
sorry people that i posted those quizzes ystrday. i shouldnt have done that. they were stupid anyways.
tonight is going to b so much fun! i cant wait to scare the living daylights out of some trick-or-treaters!
can anyone in ap us please fill me in on what i missed friday after i left? it would be much appreciated
aaaaaagggggggggghhhhhhhh!!!!!!! my back has been hurting so bad the past two days. i wish i  didn't have to deal with it anymore. it slows me down at practice and i have trouble getting out of bed in the morning
does anyone in honors//ap spanish 3 know if we had hw 4 this weeknd?
nite ppl hasta manana
any one in *propname*'s 7th prd can u tell me what page in *propname* was the interaction btwn him and his mom was on?
i guess no one cares that i gave away the name of my date to the dance on my last post
honors//ap spanish 3 ppl: i desperately need t oknow whether we had hw or not
xc ppl wanting to run @ footlocker saturday online registration has been closed now to register u hav to do it in person @ mt sac on friday
ap us ppl, i just found an interesting part of the textbook website that might b beneficial to us when it comes to the tests and ras
can someone please hire a band of ninja assassins to kill me so i don't have to right my social analysis paper?
if u are a xavier student who has barely or hasn't started  the social analysis paper: we should go tell mr. gilbert that there is no way we can pull off 7 pgs by tue.  and if you are in the same situation that i am where you've found all of the info that u can about ur topic and haven't hit 7 pgs, we should tell him that 7pgs is overkill!
woooooooooooooooooohoooooooooohahahaah yes! i finally made it to 1,000 words on my social analysis paper (alec helped)
wants curl up in a ball a lock myself in a closet bc i get the feeling that i will have to repeat english 3 and religion 3 next year
tied for highest grade on raschilla's english final
"fm static" tonight's complete, everyone's asleep, right now i wanna say these words to you, i'll be your hand, take me as i am, i just wanna be with you
banging my head against a wall is more productive than writing my social analysis paper
got a new phone for christmas
anyone doing the ap us history study guide for tomorrow? if u noticed it the multiple choice questions arent where they usually are after the lo's. they're near the bottom of the list
can someone plz explain exactly what we're supposed to do for the honors//ap spanish 3 hw?
ppl in raschilla's p. 7 what was the name of the thing written by ezra pound that we had to take notes on?
is stressed out and bored