made it safely to italy :) 22 hour trip lol havent slept one sec the whole time will upload pics of my trip soon and through out the month.
i just saw district 9! probably one of the best sci-fi movies i have ever seen. i recommend anyone that likes action and a good story to go see this movie!
on my way to get my license! don't have a car yet though...lol
getting my license finally! lol...you know what they say...2nd time's a charm :p
leaving for italy tomorrow yay!!!! i will be back on august 6th. wont be able to text till then lol cya!
football practice was actually pretty fun. i have no idea how i shaved off almost a minute off of my mile time. i ran a mile in 5:38...i think i'm amazing lol
i think some people need to take life less seriously...
will be back in the u.s. the 7th. i got a sexy tan at the beach lol
going to bed. football practice in the morning...guess who didnt work out like they should have been? me!!! yay!!!.....//cry
school! yay :d
just got back from the first day of school! was actually fun except for a few rules. i am looking forward to having fun in every class lol ...and...i'm a senior w00t!
anybody that has any classes with me know any other homework we had besides english?
people need to take a breather and chill once in a while and not let the little nuisances of life get to their heads... we only have one life and there is not point to wasting it being angry about nothing...
w00t go huskies!
the fair was really fun today. i was trying to get hypnotized when my phone went off right next to me...booo
good god the volleyball game was amazing! congratulations to all the players for a great game! btw i would also like to add that our cheering tonight was crazy for only like 10 kids lol
meh idk if im gonna do anything for tomorrows dressup day. i dont have any old people clothes :\
what homework did we have today, if any?
anybody have pictures of jordan and i from todays spirit day?
w00t got my license! yay now i can drive my non existent car haha
is happy for school to start :d
homecoming was amazing! i had so much fun lol here's hoping for a fun fright fest :)
ha! who new that you cant take your driving test without proof of insurance!? silly me.... -_-' ugh now i have to take it next week wednesday...yay
why is it soo cold?! damn you winter lol
let me know if you think of everyone meeting at my house and then heading out to the vollwyball game in costumes and then all heading back to my house for the party is a good idea :)
omg fright fest was sooo fun even though it was freezing! :d i recommend the next time anyone rides a roller coaster to go with your eyes closed...so scary lol
maybe we will also go out as a huge goup and trick-or-treat :) if you need directions just ask me in a message.
alright i'm trowing a halloween costume party at my house on saturday the 31st. there will be music, games, scary movies and my mom's food! dont be too extravagant with your costumes, anything simple will do :) if you dont "dress up" people are going to paint your face any way they like lol. you can come anytime in the afternoon after 6 p:m.
omg what topic should i write my persuasive speech on?!
off to football :)
hello world i am alive and happy again :)
hurt my leg today. might have a stress fracture not sure yet. i can walk on my leg but it hurts lol anyways cant wait to see the volley ball game! the halloween party is still on tonight at my house. i live like 10 mins away from chief leschi so transportation shouldnt be that big of a problem
everyone, i have a confession to make.  i have turned bisexual, and am now a tranny.
woot i'm 18 and loving it :d
just went to a sushi bar by my house for my birthday and it was delicious :d
well now that i'm 18 i have to be careful or i could go to big boy jail lol
merry christmas!
omg i just started out on p90x...my first day and it kicked my ass! lol these are gonna be a fun 90 days :)
i feel right now as if i can't get a hold of anything....like everything is so far away but so close at the same time...just out of my reach. i want to do something about it, i want to say things, i want to do things....but i don't know where to start. maybe i'm thinking too much into it...maybe the answer is easy and simple...if only...
i just got my new phone and it refuses to copy all my contact info from the sim to the phone so if i had your number please send me it. thanks :)
this...day...is...so...slowwwwww
yay, left my phone, wallet, keys and my freaking altoids on the bus lol anyways gratz kurbis on being a grandpa :)
keep voting till your fingers bleed dammit!
keep voting!
w00t polls are closed, we won, and i'm getting a freaking cake!
http:////www.q13fox.com//videobeta//watch//?watch=0766bc7f-d0bf-481b-98b5-139cbefddafa&src=front this is the link to the video highlights of the girls game last night. the girls game is at the end.
omfg facebook, i don't give a shit about who joined what group or who became a fan of...whatever! lame lame lame...
thanks markelle for making my super bowl "party" a lot more entertaining than it would have been....oh and the dollar i won from you was a pretty sweet victory  haha :p