seminar went well, kateri and i have the marks to prove it. now food, tomorrow, house viewing. next week, knives or swords.
is back at work on a friday night because my boss believes himself to be an it guy and not an attorney and broke a server.
is beating people down in radford virginia this weekend. be back monday. ^_^
@otakon.  be back in the real world at some point in the far far future.
is getting to old to party hop. woo that was a lot of tequila.
says it's almost time for otakon.
thinks he may have created a new unit of monetary measure.  the "kilopeanut//kilopeanuts"   kp//kps for short. use: derogatory.  example: the job pays 35kps.
does anyone know a server2008//exchange2007//bes sysadmin looking for a job in the philadelphia area?
*propname* was going to teach me to levitate, but *propname* shot him with a marshmellow gun.
wants it to be 5 already, seeing houses tonight.
is off to otakon once i get out of work.
has a new job. +8k gold and better healing potions.
we got the house!
just performed surgery on a lizard(green anole now named tropical thunder), we bought from the pet store last night cause he looked near death.  he's doing well now, i think his leg is better, it's all about preventing complications//infections now. pictures later. time to go to *propname*'s bdat picnic.
in heeding the words of wise ninja master over a beer, *propname* has created a program of self-defense for the complete n00b who has 17 left feet.  tonight, i shall see if anyone shows up to learn it.
the lizard known as the tropical thunder, passed on monday night.    he perked up after the leg fix, but he was already too far gone from neglect at the pet store.
looks like japan is drinking the change kool-aid.
is stuck at work this fine saturday afternoon.
is going to get gothed up and head to dracula's ball. project pitchfork and carfax abbey tonight.
thank cthulhu it's frida's day. wilmington, de in the morning and then back to philly.
weeeeeee transformer explosions.
just saw a really nice house, we'll be putting a bid in asap.
scored about 65k in bejeweled blitz in one second.  that was nice.
offer accepted on house, woo.  currently making angel food cake with choc//hazelnut frosting for *propname*'s bday picnic. also, we bought a lizard with a bad leg to see if we could fix him any better than the pet store. poor guy.
is now a home owner. move in is saturday.  we spent last night scrubbing the place.
is preparing for his first real vacation in over a decade where i can just sit there for a week on purpose.
atit! (almost there! it's thursday!) reaching? why yes i am.
took a long time to come up with a costume, but has decided to be the mad scientist from half life,  crowbar included.
(rap performed by *propname*) darkness falls across the land the midnite hour is close at hand creatures crawl in search of blood to terrorize y'awl's neighborhood and whosoever shall be found without the soul for getting down must stand and face the hounds of hell (continued below)
is tired of being sick. death to all swine.
(continued from above) and rot inside a corpse's shell the foulest stench is in the air the funk of forty thousand years and grizzly ghouls from every tomb are closing in to seal your doom and though you fight to stay alive your body starts to shiver for no mere mortal can resist the evil of the thriller (into maniacal laugh, in deep echo)
http:////www.cracked.com//blog//how-to-write-erotic-fiction//
will be hosting *propname* for a seminar in january!  woo!
is preparing for the move, settlement tuesday.
has made some downright amazing scallop chowder.
ninja landscaping for the win.
tcif!
it's alive!  no more flu & at work.
gdim!
thinks whoever decided to schedule a massive apartment building fire next door to our new home at this time of day(5isham) was terribly inconsiderate, no fires until at least breakfast.  off to hose the outside of the house after being up until 2am mortaring the downstairs.
has the flu.  i was so uninclined to move that i actually watched a football game. i made due by pondering the mechanics of impact, timing and footwork in play by play cases. also created an under 5 yard endzone score for which there is no defense, i call it the the crane technique.
osit!
now has lens flare, thanks *propname*.
needs to get a nifty book, a language version and a development environment that actually work together. i've got this book on python for hacking//reverse engineering, but it's for 2.5, which is a not compatible old standard(current is 3+) and for an older version of eclipse, which has also had a massive change in the current version and this book was published in 2009.
would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes.  it was a very tame, but very nice birthday.   also, i'd like to recommend ninja assassin, everything that is good about ninja with excellent choreography.
yay halloween party.  i have my crazy hair, lab coat & crowbar. that and my crazy jello molds and i'm all set.   (pictures later.)
has smashed his living room to bits.    19 large bags of debris so far.
pre-birthday happy hour, tonight, o'sheas, 5:30ish to whenever.  i realize it's late notice, come if you can manage.
raid data recovered completely from swapped pair that was unrecognized by nas after nas flipped out and wiped itself 100 times.  400gb data now safe.
approves of his raise.
thinks this is awesome. http:////www.alternative-energy-news.info//ultra-lightweight-bendable-batteries//
anyone ever rebuild a raid array before and have tips? i've got two drives of a raid 1+0 (one from each pair i think), that need to have data recovered. trying different recovery software at the moment (ufs recovery atm), but happy to have any advice.
has emptied his closets and clothes box from the move and is completely reorganizing everything, it looks like a clothes bomb went off in his bedroom.
cthulhumas, cthulhumas, cthulhu eats your brains. oh what fun it is to die in many horrible ways.  cthulhumas, cthulhumas, cthulhu eats your brains. hey.  may you all be touched by his noodly appendage during these holy days.
is getting tired of long long nights on salary.
happy new years!
holy poop on a stick, that was a long day.
octarine!
just saw the season finale of dexter.  holy shit.
would appreciate if his intestines would agree to parley and come to an amicable arrangment with his stomach.   they've had a war going for a few weeks now.
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 2010!   welcome to the future!
is going to check our floors for the living room today and then maybe to a gentlemanly game night.
"how about a nice game of strip global thermonuclear war?"
stomach versus intestines, round 674.
holy shit, we're buried in under lots of snow!  no escape.....  argh... the snow.. oh god. a transformer just exploded..
thank cthulhu it's friday!
happy new years!
watched and heard 4" thick branchs near the top of one the pine trees in my backyard snapping under snow weight and taking branches with it.    i saw that, said oh crap, let's go have a look, ran out, look up, realized i was under the remainder and said oh crap, let's go back in.  it's ragnarok!  prepare for the end!