says thank you so much to everyone who helped to make the graduation a huge success!
noticed that the fdic closed seven banks today.  usually it is zero, one, two, or three.  last week it was five.  that was a little bit disturbing.  but seven?  query: will it always be a prime number?
also watches the chickens (6) after work.
is irritated that, the day after he got his new modem, the blogging service went down for an upgrade.
is back online, after four days with no modem.
got twenty pounds of freshly-roasted chile today.  now my subaru will have a delightfully spicy aroma for a week or two.
notes: "honey mesquite pods were a primary food of the residents of the sw north american deserts (felger 1977). pods are quite sweet and whole pod composition is 80% carbohydrate, 13% protein, 25% fiber, and 3% fat (zolfaghari et al. 1982). the pods are 
no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
tried transplanting palo verde trees today.  we'll see how they do.  if i can get one to grow by the arroyo, then everyone downstream will have them too. eventually.
"if hard work were such a wonderful thing, surely the rich would have kept it all to themselves." --j *propname*,  former president of the afl-cio
did not expect to see snow, whilst planting daffodil bulbs.
angel food cake with no frosting.  instead: brandied cherry-chocolate sauce!
4 inches of rain in the last 36 hours, with more to come.  (normal is 8 inches per year.)  plus there is snow on the mountains.
if you seek a pleasant peninsula...
i won't post any downer economic collapse articles this weekend; only growing things.
when i was younger i would record my favorite songs onto a piece of papyrus.
has extra tickets for the university of chicago graduation.   ... can you believe it?  stand in the rain for 45 minutes, then nobody even bothers to take your tickets when you get to the event.
*propname* got here last night.  the t-shirts and cherries came this morning.  thank you, everyone.
no snow yet down south, but it is raining.  snow is expected, but only a trace.
trees arrived.  weekend "chore:" plant wonderful pomegranate tree, all-in-one almond tree, pawnee pecan tree, and stuart pecan tree.
hard drive problem?  made funny noises twice and failed to boot.  finally booted (obviously).  i am going to install a new one now.  don't expect updates for a few minutes (hah!).  of course the last time this happened, i installed a new drive, used the old one for backup, and the old continued working for years.  so this could all be a waste of time and money.
about the clutter.  *propname* and i are playing farmville.  this generates messages on facebook, messages that are of no interest to anyone not playing.  to stop seeing this clutter, follow these steps: point your mouse at one of the offending items.  the word "hide appears in the upper right.  click the word "hide".  additional options appear.  click "hide farmville." you still we see any of our other items.
put his hat on, and spent much of the afternoon collecting mesquite and yucca seeds, then buying them all over the place.  few will ever sprout.  but some will.
lunch: salad, with tuna and dried michigan cherries.  thanks, mom.
is sad to see *propname* go, but very happy he was able to be here.
*propname* and i planted four trees on monday, and today we got an inch of rain. there are two pecan trees (to pollinize each other), an all-in-one almond (two varieties grafted, so no additional pollinizer needed), and a pomegranate (self-pollinizing).  life is easy, sometimes.
my cat is looking for the door into summer.
is glad that his car is not infested with madagascar hissing cockroaches.
note in my homeowner's insurance policy: "discharge of a nuclear weapon shall be deemed a warlike act, even if accidental."  you can be sure that i will call and complain immediately if our house is destroyed by a nuclear weapon.
here's what i tell anybody and this is what i believe. the greatest gift we have is the gift of life. we understand that. that comes from our creator. we're given a body. now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized. --mike ditka no thanks. --jcy
has anyone figured out how to filter the facebook feeds, using the new facebook page?  i will be annoyed if this functionality has been lost.
0.7 inches of rain!!!
100% of people will not copy and paste this.
thanks everyone for all the help.  at this point, ijust need 1 harmess, 2 horseshoes, 2 nails, and 2 boards; no bricks.  i can give gifts of harnesses and horseshoes, as of this moment.
if you find yourself wondering about things such as "how long of a time period is 17% of eight hours?" and it makes your brain hurt to figure it out in your head, you can go to google and type in "17% of eight hours" and it will tell you.
i have not blocked anyone.  disregard any notice to the contrary.