is sick of joint facebook pages. be an individual for christ's sake!
t minus 7 days
is going to visit warwick castle in the morning and spend the afternoon in stratford-upon-avon... you know you're jealous :)  i am thoroughly enjoying my time in england (despite the tragidy of having my purse stolen on saturday) and will miss it terribly
would really like to go back to europe, please...
wants to go back to england :( amsterdam just isn't my cup of tea...
ditto to charlie's status
really cannot believe *propname* and all the "birthers"... you have got to be kidding me...
ok, yes it's great that the lakers won the championship, but there's no need to start fires and shake cars. east la needs to calm the f down
got her ipod touch back today (yay!!!), complete with headphones and the addition of a few new apps, including the koran, ipray, world war, and brain tutor. i'll let you do with that what you will... ;)
is feeling a lot better... slowing things down and taking a deep breath really does a world of good
manpuku on sawtelle is my absolute favorite restaurant.
going to the edison tonight with my sister :)
sometimes, most of the time, life is too fast and too confusing for my liking...
is looking forward tonight's top chef masters
and *propname* are gonna meet *propname* on tuesday :d
absolutely loves the london police department. i'm getting my ipod touch back!!!
thank you all for my wonderful birthday wishes!!!
europe pictures are finally up! come check 'em out... you'll have to find them on my actual profile not in my "photo albums"
nobody should have to work on their birthday, unless they want to...and i don't want to so i shouldn't have to :(
doesn't have to apartment hunt anymore :)
finding a place to live is ridiculously stressful
is looking forward to tonight!
looks like i finally caught whatever cold is going around. packing and moving is even more difficult when you're sick :(
can walk to *propname*'s (and a myriad of other awesome places) from her new apartment :)
really doesn't feel good and really wishes her boss (who even acknowledged that i'm sick) would send her home.
excited about seeing the used this friday! i bet nobody knew how hard i like to rock  :)
is temporarily upset with obama for being in a commercial with *propname*.
had a really really good day
watch "the age of wal-mart" on cnbc
no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
chips and salsa must be made with crack or heroin. what else can explain my addiction to it?
i know this is old news, but i don't think *propname* could be more annoying or less funny.
bored as hell...
loves myth busters. now i can double dip all i want!
needs a drink...
i am wrecked, i am overblown...
how come every time i make a cake with whole wheat flour it ends up tasting like corn bread?  i like corn bread a lot, but i'm trying to make a cake that tastes like cake :(
is still in shock...
has done way too much driving and sat in way to much traffic this weekend
survived *propname*'s scary farm last night...for two... whole... hours...
goin on a cruise to mexico!
mmmm lemon cake with vanilla frosting :)
doesn't feel so good :(
craves enlightenment...
has a job interview tomorrow, wish me luck!
is eating a huge bowl of piping hot homemade chicken soup... mmmm...
i have the worst sore throat and earache (now going on three weeks); and because health insurance is a luxury i no longer have, i am now in the process of trying every home remedy known to man.
the unemployed life is a strange one, i'll tell you that...
loves 3rd rock from the sun reruns
, after this weekend, kind of sort of maybe feels like she might want to move back to the ie...
wow... what a weekend
come on angels!
needs, wants, yearns.
hates it when she buys stuff at one grocery store, then goes to another store for something the original store didn't have, and finds that all the stuff she did buy at the first store costs less at the second store. ugh.
is going to get off her ass and actually be productive today!
comedy club tonight! woot :)
change your language to english (pirate). click on the english link on the bottom of your home page. it's pretty awesome.
walked by a full iv bag (complete with hose) in the gutter outside my apartment...
is never drinking again
wishes her apartment had a heater :(
had an interview today. crossing my fingers that i get a call (a good call) tomorrow!
and her friend really need a dd for tonight. any takers???  :)
goin to the dmv... woohoo!
had a wonderful and wavy weekend on the big blue
where can i find current episodes of top chef online? (if they can be found online) i'm so behind :(
really wants to study at a library or coffee shop today, but nobody will want to sit or drink coffee next to a girl who's coughing up her lungs...
happy thanksgiving all!
loves the picturesque view from her bedroom window
what a gorgeous day it is
off to paris in the morning!
needs something to do tonight...
really wishes she lived in england or france right about now
really wants to see avatar...tomorrow...night... hint hint ;)
just got home from riverside to find less than a block from my apartment: six cop cars, a huge congregation of police officers (some with guns drawn!), and a helicopter circling the area. i have no idea what's going on!
wants her stupid sore throat to go away already!
excited about volunteering tomorrow! and hopeful about my job interview
this cold ain't gonna keep me from line dancin my boots off tonight! yeehaa!
"if we were never ill, we would not know what it was to be well. if we never knew hunger, we would take no pleasure in being full. if there were never any war, we would not appreciate peace. and if there were no winter, we could never see the spring."
is sick and wishes her mom was here to make her some tea and chicken soup...
, for the first time since she first arrived on facebook years ago, started to fill out the "personal information" section on her profile.
the times, they are a-changin...
money should never be the goal, only the byproduct.
is beyond pissed at *propname* right now...
is eating top ramen for the first time in a long time...
really wants to chop all her hair off... well, not all of it, just a lot of it...
is super excited to see *propname* today!!!
*propname* was aaawwweeesssooommmeee!!!!!!! i would go see his show live over watching it on tv any day!
is boycotting nbc
the night wasn't a waste afterall :)
going salsa dancing tonight... hope i don't embarrass myself  :)
doesn't like thunder :(
sometimes wonders (as much as i love *propname*) if the whole nbc vs. *propname* fiasco is actually a ploy to boost ratings and get better guests for the tonight show... because, if so, it's working...
just got home after not having been since 4:30 to find a candle still lit on my dresser... oops...
“the god i believe in is with those who suffer, doesn’t punish those or create evil for those who are already suffering”
started the day off right: with a big fat ticket from the #%$&*!@ los angeles police department...
finally watched the final episode of the tonight show with *propname*. it was amazing, and *propname*'s speech brought me to tears. i also loved hearing that he and i have something in common; cynicism is my least favorite quality, too… i’ll miss you *propname*!
it's a concept that represents a profound shift from how we think about money and satisfaction and the obligation of a government to its people.
finished her taxes  :d
needs to go to sleep now! going rock climbing in the morning (eek!)
desperately needs a job...
take a nap or go to the gym... what to do what to do...
two fire trucks just pulled up to the apartment building across the street. i'm assuming//hoping it's not an extremely urgent matter because the firemen weren't exactly running into the building, more like moseying...
had a wonderful night! hung out with some really great people and listened to some really great music!
"if it's true, if i am indeed addicted to sadness, i absolve myself of blame. responsibility rests firmly with my brain. it is a flawed design. worse than the 1975 ford pinto and just as dangerous."
wishes she was a football fan...
from urbandictionary: "she has the most beautiful eyes and hair.  she smells that of a fall evening, and her voice will typically seranade you." and "a really sexy, funny, smart girl that every guy wants. 'damn, you lucky bastard, your gf is a total *propname*!'"  :d
might need to start figuring out what organs she can sell on the black market...
anyone know if and where the state of the union address might be viewable online? i've googled it but can't find anything, and i don't have tv so i didn't get to watch it live :(
new goal for 2010: write something for publication and actually have it published.
yay blue skies!
just interviewed at an organization whose office is in the same building and on the same floor as the production, art, and writing offices for mad men. pretty cool :)
"...the event marked a major shift, what i might call a 'paradigm shift' if i were the kind of person who used terms like 'paradigm shift'..."
is glad hulu has the entire strangers with candy series... funny stuff
going to an underground art show tonight complete with art (of course), live music, drinks, body painting, and free pancakes :d  it's going to be quite an eclectic experience!