new year's resolutions... why wait until january? screw that, december is my month! i will exercise daily. i will not fall asleep randomly without brushing teeth (eww). i will clean my room weekly. i will not save files with names like 'adsvdsq.' i will finish all tasks by 75% of the deadline. and for motivation, i will move $100 from my checking to my savings account each time i fail! go go self-improvement!
baking in my room. tt
yay! left my flash drive inside a computer in a packed math lab yesterday. called the office today and asked them to check and it was still there! now i can go back to sleep; woke up early to call them before anyone found it. zzzz
you know in spiderman where he wakes up, puts on his glasses and realizes he doesn't need them anymore? yeah, i had that today then i realized i had my contacts on. -.-
i just had a dream that combined the grudge + twilight + harry potter + pokemon. malfoy had unsealed the grudge demon from within bella and bulbasaur and jigglypuff had to save the world. wtf? that doesn't even make sense.
has been awake for way too long, listening to music way too loudly.
woke up laughing after thinking in my dream "good thing zombies are so slow...", then a zombie drives by in a car screaming "not if we learned how to drive", and promptly crashes into a wall. :d
//facepalm, the person who last used this book underlined all the bold words... why?!  well, that's what you get for 5% retail price. >>;
it's 4m and i've been lying in bed for 2 hours. raaagee
need a topic for my second uc prompt. describe me in one word. go!
free shipping is my downfall.
made the uc app my homepage to stop me from procrastinating. wait. why am i here. ahhhh *deletes all bookmarks*
internet downtime, ending procrastination since 1996.
bought so many things during cyber monday, he's memorized his credit card number. ://
just got a new chair. i don't know what "passive lumbar support" means, but damn does it feel good.
i hate you lab write-ups.
dilemnia: it's 3am and i wanted to blast music through my speakers. >:[
heard someone at home depot ask a worker for "that thing that makes holes 'n shit." lol
passed out while reading about narcolepsy yesterday...
damn sense, always getting in my way.
came 45minutes late to c++ final, still finished before everyone else. :d
buckyballs, i want my 6 hours back. >.>
pain is painful.
went to a run down dollar store and it was playing *propname*'s "canon in d." i laughed the entire time i was in there. :d
spent the last 2 hours sitting in the dark happily listening to music way too loudly at 6am :)
it's 6am and i can't sleep cause i just finished ordering parts for a new computer. too excited. i'm nerdy, and what? d:
saw "in transit to ontario, ca" on my tracking information and thought "why is it going to canada?!" who knew there was a city named ontario in california? :x
computer case coming from south la. everything else coming from tennesee. i get to stare at the case and do nothing with it for 4 days. *propname*, why art thou so cruel? d:
mom just found out i'm an atheist and is trying to convert me. ahahaha
7:15 chem classss, dieee d: *collapse on floor* zzzzzzzzzzzz