can someone explain to me how keith can misspell "beginner" and "hear" but can then use asphyxia correctly in a sentence?
it's 4:30 and i'm still awake.  i hate myself sometimes
if i can write a screenplay in two days i can submit it to a festival.  fat chance of that
um, mother nature . . . i love thunderstorms as much as the next person, but this is the 3rd one today.  could you get your shit together?  thank you.
i am now replacing my highly original baseball status with one about women's tennis: jelena jankovic thinks she's the number one tennis player?  i'd love to try whatever she's on
"if your friend got assassined, how would you respond" . . . probably with: that doesn't even make sense
a little glass vial. a little glass vial? a little glass vial.
nothing like falling asleep for an hour then waking up and being wide awake. stupid body
is still awake at 3:30.  oh me
just for the record, kim just made me log into her account to harvest her farmville raspberries
editing blows
was over baseball april 1.  is it ncaa basketball time yet?
*propname* said, ""i was just the vessel. it wasn't *propname*'s sperm. just like i stick the sperm up my horse, this is what they did to me. i was his thoroughbred." and this is the part where my brain vomits...
going to your cousin's wedding?  awesome.  going to legend's bar afterwards?  not.
finished pride & prejudice & zombies instead of watching ghost in the shell.  i'm classy.  also, a giant geek. :)
heard mariah carey's new song on the ride home tonight.  she needs to give it up already
justine henin, stay the hell away from tennis.  no one wants you back.  you sir, were a bitch
suck on that nadia petrova
if cavemen and astronauts got into a fight, who would win?
so, i locked the doors on my truck at kim's, because it's a main road and we'd be busy editing the movie.  however, when i left, i noticed that i left all my windows open.  probably not the safest of security systems
if cavemen and astronauts got into a fight, who would win?
who called me today and left a voicemail?
mom: i'm sitting on main street like a hooker
merry christmas eve y'all.  i shall celebrate by working at b&n making drinks for annoying last minute shoppers.  i know you're jealous, i just hope it doesn't ruin our friendship
keith just told me he thinks we should go to ireland
i require 4 farmville gifts that are not one of the following trees//animals: peach, bananananana, date, passion fruit, pomegranate, lime, lemon, avocado, pig, duck, sheep, goat, or horse.  you shall be rewarded in the afterlife :)
rock band and ddr.  yessss
wants to play beatles rock band or wii resort but can't because keith is watching footloose
did i piss off a gypsy?  because there's a fly in my room that won't leave me alone.  better make sure i have an anvil tied up in the garage and a sharpened ice skate handy :)
excuse me mother nature, why the hell is it snowing
almost done hearing about baseball.  yessss
um, across the universe was even better the 2nd time.  would probably be even betterer if one was high i would imagine
i need to write an even stupider screenplay than i did for the first round.  this will be fun
where the wild things are should have been called where the sucky ass movie is
n”n o chithaeglir, lasto beth daer; rimmo n”n bruinen dan in ulaer.
that noise you  heard at approximately 11:21 est was keith puking.  it might have sounded like a black hole opening, or a monster being stabbed to death, or any number of things, but it was just keith.  the more you know *star wipe
very close to not having to hear about baseball again for 6 months.  can't wait
expansion.  and chicken coops.  send me chickens :)
my ankle hurts.  stupid dishwasher door
pac 10 football . . . what the hell are you guys doing this season?
i heart rockband.  and the beatles.  and my bandmates
can someone explain to me how keith, who played football, well, "played," who acts like the world's biggest sports fan, and just told me he used to go to legend's on sundays to watch football, didn't know what fair catch was
louisiana justice of the peace who refused to marry an interracial couple: i'm not a racist . . . i have piles and piles of black friends. sure you do.
well dish n' dat happy hour was a bad idea :)
anyone else click accept gift today and facebook told you you ignored it?
so happy i'm not clopening this weekend
happy all hallows' eve kids :)
well squats were certainly a good idea right before bed  . . . stupid stairs
got more film developed.  and there are a lot of you in it.  be very afraid
i'm strange.  and i like it.  that's just the way i am.
happy turkeying errbody
alright . . . thought i was working at noon . . . working at 2.  holla
*propname*
well, it's 1:00.  i've had drinks.  and need to be at work far too soon.  in other words, great night.  happy birthday thom :)
i hate to say anything that might offend my facebook peeps, but paranormal activity sucks beyond the telling of it.  i cannot remember ever being this disappointed in a movie
anyone wanna pay me to hang out, play video games, maybe write a screenplay, and be sarcastic?  cause that would be awesome :)
i kind of have the best coworkers you could have
dear kiss 95.7 and kc 101.  could you possibly get off lady gaga's jock for 2 seconds and play a different song?  thank you
i just realized, due to not being able to sleep, that i never settled the debate i started a few weeks ago.  regarding cavemen vs. astronauts, "cave men win.  of course the cave men win." if you don't agree, take it up with fred
the volleyball championship was on tv this weekend.  i want to play volleyball :(
i'm going to one up toni: there aren't words for how good avatar is.  suck on that kenny :)
home again.  with lots of laundry and little food.  hurray
can't sleep . . . work will be fun tomorrow :)
now that i've been released from the clutches of retail it's time for some friends and family.  merry xmas eve peeps
still waiting on ps3 and//or an imac, but i haven't exchanged gifts with steve yet, so i'm holding out hope that it will happen :)
watching the forgotten . . . i already know i'm going to be pissed off at the end
why the hell am i still awake
a good night's sleep will hopefully make me excited to close tomorrow :)  cause right now i don't want to
if your 2009 was good, i wish you an even better 2010.  if it could have been better, i wish you a great 2010.  i do not, however, wish any of you a happy new decade, since the decade ends at the end of next year
am i supposed to be surprised that manny and ortiz were on the 2003 steroids list?  the much more surprising, and much shorter list, would be people playing in the past 10 years who weren't on the list
dear santa, here is a list of gifts i hope to see under the tree tomorrow: -ps3 -27" imac (i didn't put it on my list, but you should have known) -mini cooper -screenwriting job thank you.
i don't know that i can express how much i love my coworkers :)  one of my best birthdays ever.  i even did a shot :)
a) louisville got jobbed tonight -- those refs were an embarrassment b) avatar was even better the second time :)
have you met them face to face?  i hear them.  it's good enough for the blind.
update.  after i feel down the stairs last night, i stood up and proceeded to faint at which point keith came out and started slapping me asking if i was ok.  and in my head, i was responding just fine, but was apparently just mumbling to him.  if i wasn't in pain i would laugh :)  also, good to know that he's there for me when i need him
jacked up my neck somehow.  this should be a good night's sleep
said it before, will say it again, i work with some of the best people on the planet
um, keith is trying to argue with me about tennis. a) he doesn't get tennis b) he doesn't get arguing
dish n' dat in canton for my bday celebration.  and moderate drinking, by me at least.  i will not be pulling a *propname*
jacked up my neck again.  and my finger.  and my hand.  and my shoulder.  and elbow.  and knee.  and my calf.  i'm kind of awesome
we are the world should not, under any circumstances, have auto-tune.  or a rap solo.  or vince vaughn.
isn't nyquil supposed to knock your ass out?