facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission. click on settings up at the top where you see the logout link. select privacy. then select newsfeeds and wall. next select the tab facebook ads. there is 
thanks 4 all d greetings guys.. did have a happy birthday :) hope all of you have a good day
another day.. another chance.. good day everyone :)
negative a blood urgently for a little girl at the rainbow ward suffering from a stomach tumour. could you please make an announcement at your respective lists to see if anyone could donate. this is a rare blood group. if you have anyone, they need to urg
wow *propname*.. i gotta steal this from you for those friends of mine who are not in your list: "fight for it! don’t give up no matter how hopeless it seems right now, even when you’ve lost hope and angry, because years from now your gonna look back and wish you gave it one more shot -because the best things dont come easy"
i'm amazed :)
prayers needed for 12yr old boy who, after a serious car crash, is now in a critical coma. pls. change your status for 1 hr so more people can become aware and add to the prayers. we would do it for your son or relative, pls. do this for somebody else's son. thank you. pls copy this and paste..
"minds are like parachutes - they only function when open" *propname*
stop and think...
"those great hopes and dreams and ideals of yours are not dead, if you let god breathe into them the breath of fresh life." - *propname* rt *propname*
"if you accept defeat, then that's what you'll get" - from facing the giants
"the best mind-altering drug is truth." - *propname*
anyone knows of an interesting//good job guys?
wherever you go, whatever you do.. do so whole-heartedly
very tired.. happy with work done.. but still so much more to do!
"oye, piensa en tu futuro, no pierdas mas tempo... es muy importante mirar para adelante" wonderful artist.. great song.. wonderful message :)
great weekend so far: friday enjoyed meeting wonderful ppl i had not seen for a long time.. yest night wonderful time in malta.. now realllyyyy looking forward to later on today :) (will get working to finish work asap & enjoy my sunday afterwards)
the weekend.. & why not the weekstart? looking forward to start the week in a great way :)
facebook experiment: if you're reading this,whether we do or don't speak very often, please post a comment of your first memory of you & me. when you're finished, post this paragraph in your status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!
woww! soo busy.. but working to create some time to relax during this weekend :)
gotta assume your responsibility and move forward.. get going!
listening to some rock while preparing lessons! great mix ee!
a good weekend.. this week's busy (kumbinazjoni!) imma ghaddejjin bil-momentum & looking forward to the future :)
never thought i'd be jealous of a fish in an aquarium! only for a sec tho! lol
life is a not-so-easy mountain climb.. but woww.. the view is amazing!
have a merry christmas, un joyeux noel, un buon natale, feliz navidad u il-milied it-tajjeb! for all of you who don't celebrate christmas, may you have a great day full of peace and happiness :)
happiness comes only by sharing - napoleon hill... & starting holidays helps as well i guess ;)
preparing exam papers!! vive les vacances!!!
dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer! ? (93% of fb users will not copy & paste this)....if you know someone who had cancer or fighting cancer please paste this to your status
great ending to 09 and awesome beginning of 2010! :) have a very happy new year all
rainbow colours!!! x'izzik uu dal-kuluri kollha minand nies differenti aaa?? jw jin biss ma nafx? lol
why do i have to keep facing the only people who i can't stand: liars & double-faced people?? well, i guess that's part of life :(
last work for 2009 ready!! now starting my nye :) have a very happy new year all.. may it bring you all that you wish for
never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life
the last good deed of the maltese lira .....(2) if you have any maltese coins, you can kindly donate them to ymca; ask your family & friends to donate their maltese coins, spread the word by emailing this text and//or using fb through status or messaging friends. only 11 days to collect all the money as then the maltese coins will not be valid. call ymca on 21228038 or email roberta.ymca@gmail deadline 1st february
1st day new job.. jidher nice.. & woww, it was destiny! used to want to do this job but then thought i wouldn't end up doing this!!
it's true.. "the best things don't come easy".. what i can't understand is why you'll always find someone who tries to f**k it all up
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments.
already at the end of 2nd week at st.albert's.. so far so good.. im enjoying it :)