once again doesn't remember going to bed. and she's upset with how much drunk *propname* tries to screw around with hungover *propname*. this isn't funny drunk *propname*.
is glad that it's summertime, and the living is easy. one of these mornings, she'll rise up singing.
just got home from spending 11 glorious hours with her family. it was an awesome day. sorry for all the missed calls and texts, my phone died many hours ago.
i'm leavin' on a cruise ship, but i do know when i'll be back again. seriously though, no phone or internet all week, so i will be incommunicado. you kids have fun, try not to do anything too crazy.
is home again! the caribbean was amazing!
had good talkings tonight. fun times were had by all.
one more double before nine days of freedom.
can't stop here! this is bat country!
you win some, you lose some. week 2 doesn't say anything about the playoffs. there's always next week. and lets be fair, the competition next week is the chiefs. ahahaha.
ought to be cast in the next big zombie movie as an extra. because she feels like the living dead must feel after a night of heavy brain-eating. is that their equivalent of drinking? explains why they want to do it all the time.
needs to be herself, she can't be no one else. she's feeling supersonic, give her gin and tonic. she could have it all, but how much does she want it?
damn, those eagles looked sharp today. too bad the red sox couldn't do the same.
made some cash last night playing poker. hopefully a repeat performance tonight?
hasn't felt the way she feels today in so long it's hard for her to specify.
has got no time to for spreadin roots, the time has come to be gone. and though our health we drank a thousand times, it's time to ramble on.
is at a weird place in her life right now. a road map would be handy.
has the damn flu. could the universe's timing have been any worse? she thinks not.
woot, go chiefs. :d
would love to have something that even remotely resembles a reasonable sleep schedule.
feels severely under-appreciated. it's lame.
has had a very good day, and looks to have a good night also.
doesn't look different, but she has changed. you're looking through her, she's not the same.
wants to live where soul meets body, and let the sun wrap its arms around her, and bathe her skin in water cool and cleansing, and feel, feel what it's like to be new.
has learned that standing in front of her open refridgerator and freezer doesn't make any of her food look any more appetizing, but it does start defrosting the food in her freezer.
proved her epic ninja skills tonight.
shall live in the sunshine, swim the sea, and drink the wild air's salubrity.
was hoping some of the punk kids in her apartment complex would nab the jack-o-lanterns off her balcony and give them the honor of a good smash. instead she had to unceremoniously toss them in the dumpster.
will begin tomorrow well and serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with her old nonsense.
is gonna blame it all upon a rush of blood to the head.
had one of her worst nights ever at work, after spending all day actually believing today would be a good day.
will have a bit of fun, watching everyone pass her by.
is sitting in an english garden, waiting for the sun.
(573): fact: the drinking you do in college doesn't affect your liver in real life.
wanted more than life could ever grant. she's bored with the chore of saving face.
loves that she has some of the nerdiest friends ever. she's seen at least ten *propname* poems posted today. granted, everyone picks the same one from v for vendetta, but m'eh.
is feeling uninspired and unmotivated. can someone else please pay her bills and move her into her new apartment?
is tired of being passed over.
has gotta tell you what a state she's in...
is having the worst day since yesterday.
learns more and more every day that timing is everything.
is still living with your ghost, lonely and dreaming of the west coast. she just wants to feel some sunshine.
just thought that you would know you're a god, and she is not.
took these broken wings and learned to fly. all her life, she was only waiting for this moment to arise.
doesn't want to be at the mercy of her emotions. she wants to use them, to enjoy them, and to dominate them.
is watching the lights go down, letting the cables sleep. whatever you say, it's all right, whatever you do it's all good.
is simultaneously packing, doing laundry, cleaning, and jamming out.  ah, productivity.
is home from work and back to packing//cleaning. january 2nd can't come soon enough, because this is starting to get really monotonous.
can be painfully petty and selfish at times.
doppelgänger week; change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like. after you update your profile with your evil twin photo, then cut and paste this to your status.
wants the kind of things that money just can't buy.
hates to admit that she's becoming more and more of a morning person.
is very glad to see that it's legitimately storming outside. if only she didn't have to go back to work in just a few minutes...
is, by far, the biggest nerd she knows sometimes. which really says a lot if you know her friends.
just realized she's been awake for 22 hours. that might explain the exhaustion.
had an amazing night last night, in spite of the fact that she was literally falling asleep on her feet.