a computer again!  oh how much i missed having one of these things!
where did summer go?
packing and panicking look awfully similar.
well, now time for a near trans-continental train ride!
wants to know who decided pages shouldn't be able to open a .doc?
sunday is studyday.
has been told she is not allowed to go to milwaukee for the funeral by her mother and is instructed to by a bottle of champange and share it.
internet!
balkanization of the media!
what kind of school doesn't have free printing for studetns and libraries that close at five?
why is facebook always more interesting when i have a paper to write?
doesn't like when it seems like her entire room leaves for the weekend.   (hope you all have fun.)
is tired, hungry, and stressed.
wishes *propname* would answer his phone so she could stop worrying.
needs to explore seattle more.
reads [sic] as a big fat underline under a grammatical mistake someone else made.
keeps coming to the conclusion that *propname* is an ass.
is probably more territorial over her beer than her boy.
pumpkin soup is glorious.
woke up with queen in her head.
finished her reading for intro before midnight.
... obama won the nobel peace prize?  weird.
penguins are very cute and very boring.
is doing well know she everything is okay.
rose bubble tea!  greatest idea ever!
should stop going on facebook because it reminds her of how much she misses *propname*.
has a paper!
really wants to move into her appartment.
really hates sending emails to people she doesn't know asking for stuff.
wants to know why *propname* reminds her of *propname*.
do i want another grilled cheese?
finally made herself send out that application for an internship in the philippines.
got a box full of yarn.
had a chocolate cupcake, which magically made everything better.
made cookies.  her work here is done.
has a *propname* in seattle!
likes food.
should probably stop her habit of late night crocheting.
my penguins are smaller than your penguins.
you know things are bad when eating feels like procrastination.
but isn't the history of byzantine empire basic knowledge?
is still on seattle time.
has a place to live in seattle!
!!!  thank you everyone (times a lot) for the birthday wishes!   and a happy new years to everyone!
just found a new favorite banana bread rescipe.
probably should change her current city from e. lansing....
is thinking she should  have done the six year plan...