is getting very nervous about her first day of teaching sats, moving, and school in august....and its all converging.
my car is full of all my wordly possessions....ah the nomadic life.
no more sat class! whoo whoo! but i'll miss the kids, they were a good lot once you got past the fact that they were teenagers....
hangin' with the sadie-lady.
listless....better snap out of it soon
up figurin out school-ool-ool. be back in nc this weekend.
saw district 9. so real. so good. so stressful.
hates discussion forums. you always end up looking pompous, idiotic or both. there's no winning.
survived her first day....
is sorry she didn't come to raleigh after telling everyone she would. but i went on a hike today and saw pretty nature-type things!
is sooooo tired of legal practice homework.
warning: spring guns and droids
wishes the weekend was longer. yayyyyy nc! yay smancy!
must sleep, must sleep. too excited for the weekend.
mmm soup.
overcast skies + homework + sore throat + boyfriend gone home = sad meagan. i'm coming to raleigh next weekend though!
pro: i think i'm going to really like ethics. con: i may have to rob a bank to pay for my books.
just back from scotland (the brave)! in raleigh this week, hit me up.
doesn't actually condone vigilante justice...i really shouldn't skip lunch anymore...
rainy days = warm food. its worth it.
law geekitude #107: i giggle to myself every time some old english judge uses the word "mischief" in an opinion.
is just here.
hates legal writing. a lot. if i'm still awake at 3 am you'll know why.
is just hangin' out with ol' dex. study study study.
mmmmm...pint of haagen-dazs peach sorbet and no running. doin' good today.
might just vomit. i hate exams.
needs job//money to support hobbies other than studying....
i'd give her a ha! and a hi-ya! and then a ouu-wa! and i'd kick her, sir. take that, memo.
going to nc tonight! wish i was gonna make it for volleyball but if anyone is up for drinking after i just might be there....
is soaked. umbrella broke. good morning, dear monday.
has no respect for anyone that doesn't understand the danger of being hit by a line drive. (ahhhh torts).
is surrounded by candy
is going to do some comfort reading tonight (oh *propname* of green gables...) first real exam tomorrow ://
finally, one outline completely down...only 3 to go - and a long way to go at that. next semester will be different, really!
relaxing after my delicious, noodly, post-exam lunch.
sick and tired. literally.
mmm mmm turkey stock
had a minor(major) breakdown when i thought one of my exams was lost... but its all good now.
can't wait for noon-thirty on thursday!
can't wait to head outtt
hates noisy library-goers.
oh to find an internship....
wishes she was at raleigh undercover, so if you are in nc and not there, get out and show some charity love while hanging out with awesome people who like good music. i will be very jealous.
is going to get off her bum and go running sometime in the next 5 minutes...i promise!
should be doing work, but isn't (obviously). yay dance class tonight! shimmy shimmy shimmy....
lord *propname* may have been a complete cad, but he could sure put pen to paper. (still not studying as hard as i should be... can you tell?)
law school is like the biggest loser...it doesn't matter how well you do, just how well you do compared to everyone else. dun dun dun.
monday comes too fast and too early.
*propname* on modern family
i don't think i have a famous person....hmmmm....okay with that though.
dc friends: giant snowball fight//snow kickball on the mall tomorrow, 3pm. there will be other snowball fights, but i will not be at them. so you should come to this one! :)
has major, major cabin fever.
sunshine!!!
snow!!! http:////www.flickr.com//photos//zmeagz//sets//72157623367337792//
a storm's abrewin'! snow is starting to stick....
went to a surprise *propname* game yesterday (surprise for me, not for the players) and had a fantastic time.
is in love with *propname* in downtown raleigh. and *propname*.