todays flight will being heading from minneapolis-st. paul international airport to dever international airport. our approximate time in the air will be about two hours and thirty minutes reaching an altitude of 35,000 feet (flight level 350). i'd like to personally thank you for flying frontier airlines. flight attendants, prepare for take off.
i am being called to be a man of the cloth. but is that what i will be happy doing? god or the girl?
"make sure your seat-backs and trays are in their up-right and lock positions and thank you for flying american airlines. flight attendants...prepare for take off."
just a lazy day on the lake...if only the rain would stop so i could go out on the lake.
give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day; give him a religion, and he'll starve to death while praying for a fish. ~author unknown
can i possibly love her?
we remember...we believe. have you forgotten how you felt that day, when your homeland was under fire, and your people blown away? ...in a crowded room do you feel alone? faith, hope, and love, are some good thing he gave us, but the greatest is love.
sometime the military [air force] isn't really smart about money.
god is more interested in what we are than what we do. that's why we're called human beings, not human doings. ~thanks vocation boom
"cheese is the devil's plaything."
why do we give people titles because of what they do and not who they are? this is what bothers me, but maybe i'm just waiting for a world that sees people not for what they do but who they are.
just played and sang a buch of chirstmas music for a general of the united sates air force's reception. there were so many "big-wigs" there and it was a blast. not to mention there was a cute girl bartending...great night.
the monastery of our lady of the holy spirit in conyers, georgia was so beautiful. there is nothing like waking up at 4 o'clock for vigils, a morning prayer prayed in the liturgy of the hours. then have lauds mixed with mass...beautiful!
"we are waiting, hopeful anticipation, we are waiting, come lord come..." i can almost hear the hallelujah chorus from handel's messiah!
one and a half how drive in unplowed interstate roads at 0330 hrs., deicing of a plane, take off, crusing at flight level 330, tiny airplane...but at least i am headed to 80 degree weather. the temperature in denver is 6 degrees. brr
we have seen them wear purple for four sundays, maybe even rose for one of those sundays. we have prepared our heart, mind, and soul. we now await for his coming... "o emmanuel, king and lawgiver, desire of the nations, savior of all people, come and set us free, lord our god."
seventh day of christmas!!! i still hear the church bells ringing and handel's hallelujah chorus!! glory to god in the highest and on earth peace to all good men!!!
"flight attendants cross check and prepare for landing." "welcome to tampa, flordia where the local time is 3:50 pm and a comfortable 68 degrees."
"the star burnned like a flame, pointing the way to god, the king of kings; the wise men saw the sign and brought their gifts in homage to their great king."  "seeing the star, the wise men said: this must signify the birth of some great king. let us search for him and lay treasures at his feet: gold, frankincense, and myrrh."
"...for you, my child, shall be called the prophet of the most high for you will go before the lord to prepare his wayto give his people knowledge of salvation..."