i'm ecstatic!
missing great diving with my dive group.  *propname* and *propname*...i need to get away!!!!
*propname* is enjoying *propname*'s 6th birthday!!! happy birthday miss *propname*!!!
i'm sad that i'm not getting on a plane tomorrow with my divegroup to scuba in bonaire.  instead, i get to work, work, work!  have fun all!
happy....no thrilled....that i've finished both halloween costumes....with 12 hours to spare!  pictures tomorrow.  happy halloween everyone!
what a day!  i repelled down vasquez rocks in the afternoon and by evening was carving pumpkins underwater with my dive group at the scv aquatic center.  throw in making two halloween costumes and it was quite the saturday!  pictures to follow soon!
a proud day today. *propname* asked me if i'd take her "black friday" shopping!  she is even willing to get up at a ridiculous hour to do it!  my days of wondering if i'm a good mom are over!
it's 2am.....why am i not sleeping?????
another "nutcracker weekend" is over.  *propname* danced in "act ii opener" and "chinese" - and did fantastic!  *propname*'s last year of being in the audience as she plans to be a "snow tree" next year, now that she is old enough.  i don't know how the studio keeps coming up with fresh, new,and fun ideas, but they do.  congrats to all the girls!
"mom.....licorice is in the christmas tree!!!!"  'tis the sound of my season this year....guess it's part of the turf with a new kitten!
trying to get back on the "eating healthy" wagon after the past few days of pure gluttony!
orange and pink zebra
oh dear.  evidently santa is in nome, alaska.....already well past los angeles.  now that we are finally done wrapping, do you think  he will double back and visit our house? merry christmas everyone!!!
outdid myself this year. mini beef wellingtons with gorgonzola cheese. homemade mac and cheese. liguini and prosciutto frittata (with endless cheese!). cauliflower au gratin.  the only thing without cheese are the green beans and dessert....homemade chocolate chip cookies and a yule log. oh.....and the endless martinis that i plan to have to celebrate making it successfully through another christmas!
need to stop making brownies as a way to avoid working!  some days i hate my boss....oh wait....she is me!
mammo, ultrasound and biopsy, oh my!  to quote *propname*....."man, i feel like a woman"....except i'm not thinking that is what she meant.