screw work and making yet another trip to social services to reapply for food stamps.  i just want to write :(
at last, award goes to *propname* for succeeding in getting me adequately smashed to incite vomiting (unless it was the bibim bap...)
take on me.
had about 15 billion dreams last night and remembers all of them. nice work, hippocampus :)
apparently, cotton-top tamarins like alien music.
me: so he had cerebral palsy?  *propname*: yeah, you could tell because his hand was all doodly-doo.
life's a sexually transmitted disease.
never despair, but if you do, work in despair. writing
as long as people are still having premarital sex with many anonymous partners while at the same time experimenting with mind-expanding drugs in a consequence-free environment, i'll be sound as a pound!
thinks your osama looks like a dirty wizard
okay... going to try some techniques to facilitate lucid dreaming
the gods are angry today
is alive
is back.. with 21 pages of fabulous notes to transcribe
ugh, must finish this book by christmas, as it is surely the only meaningful thing i've done with my life thus far.
hump day!
is going to be productive when she's finished being lazy
was quite productive today :) time for irish car bombs.
the sky is falling
is floating around... 20 lightyears above the equatorial symmetry plane and about 28,000 lightyears from the galactic center of a large, spiral-shaped conglomeration of at least 200 billion stars.
the pigman would give you a ride if he had a car
i don't mean to be obnoxious, but maybe it would help if i saw more of you.
is being fabulous in california
is feeling pretty peppy, thanks to my buddy caffeine
loves these new, extra-antisocial headphones that create a symphony orchestra inside her brain
is not like other humans sometimes
is putting all her eggs in one basket, counting her chickens before they are hatched, and pausing to inspect the angle and shape of a gift horse's incisors.
aquarium date night?  ooh la la
sometimes when life sucks, you gotta get yourself a lollipop and suck back.
come on, scratch my back. it'll be a funky adventure.
loses every time.
the real trouble with reality is that there's no background music
haha.. i kick ass at dirty scrabble
is going to try working out drunk.
riding my bike in the fall makes me happy.
had 3 different dreams of being stalked by big cats last night. what's the symbolic meaning there?
today was a highly venomous day... 4 timber rattlers & 3 copperheads.
attempting to leave my body for a bit.
*propname* to her brother: why do you have a skull? *propname*: yeah, i have a skull.  it's from upstairs.
is headed for boston to be with her lovers... *propname* & *propname* are happy :d
likes the feeling of wasabi high in her nasal passages
and you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking.               racing around to come up behind you again.               the sun is the same in a relative way but you're older.               shorter of breath and one day closer to death.
writing stabilizes me in this dimension :)
applying for grad school... sucks balls.
loves crazy people. (almost as much as coffee).
is about 65% oxygen, 18% carbon, 10% hydrogen, 3% nitrogen, 1.5% calcium, 1% phosphorus, 0.35% potassium, 0.25% sulfur, 0.15% sodium, 0.05% magnesium, and 0.70% copper, zinc, iron, and caffeine.
nothing like watching monkeys have sex on a biweekly basis
enjoys teasing barred owls.
if fsu were a guinea pig, it would be *propname*. no offense, *propname*.
is worried that academics have no real meaning in their lives.
i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
run *propname*, run! (the loggers are coming)
guess what? fo yo birfday, instead of diamonds or flowers or any kindza real gift, you get my penis!
life is like a box of chocolates... too much marshmallow and not enough nuts.
i just realized i have the perfect brother... he is just so wonderful in every way, and he is a musician! how lucky am i? but... he doesn't make his moves in scrabble ;)
at long last, resuming my love affair with my favorite sexy serial killer :d
is smoking a cigar to get warm.
well.. my old shaver turned that shower scene into an alfred hitchcock film...
thinks imperfections are lovely.
dreams of faraway places basically all the time now...
just saw four timber rattlesnakes!! thanks, *propname*! :) and i am so much better at finding them than *propname*.
ahhhhh... restless.
can i just observe crows?
got to hold a woodcock this weekend! sweet like bee saliva :)
headed to bed with my centipede.
he said, "no money.  but, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness." so i have that going for me.
day of phone dates with trappers & furbearer biologists... ooh baby!
it was hot! it was hot.
*propname*:   this is a deliberate insult against me and my people. *propname*. *propname*: who the fuck are his people?  *propname*:   i don't know... little scientists, i guess.
come on, somebody tell me how everyone's getting these symbols on fb. this is just too much.  hey guess what else? 199 pages.  got-to-crank-out-one-more...
is designing a lovely tattoo... yes, i realize i have a stack of papers to grade. coffee break soon.
appreciates this special time of year when you're a misfit if you don't dress & behave like a freak :)
the universe is a symphony and the laws of physics are harmonies of a superstring. how beautiful.
hmm.. if i were a fly, i'd be dreaming about devil's tongue. nite, all
is about to fall out of her bed, out of her clothes, and into the niiiiiiiiiight kitchen.
ah, nothing in the world is as beautiful as fresh music.
just broke 200 pages :)
"life is miraculous; even when it's disastrous, it's still incredible. i'm fascinated with everything; life is fascinating. i'm fascinated by trees and dogs, but no one wants to hear me talk about it." -*propname*
attempting these writing samples, a.k.a., trying to balance on that fine line between  creative nonfiction & academic journal article... tricky business.
needs to learn how to be diurnal & studious.
when life gives you fall apples, eat them.
some painters work with oils, some with acrylics.  *propname* & i work with dumps.
likes windows. they are very appealing to wandering minds.
where oh where are my headphones... i'm completely lost without them :(
i dare you to touch a slug.
once there was a way to get back home.
my fortune cookie tonight didn't even have a fortune...  :(
hot tamales & easter peeps & bunnies; *propname* & i gots significant data! :) i guess monkeys do kinda like music...
accidentally rescued another animal from t&d's...
does anyone else feel 'frustration' in their lower spinal cord, or is my physiology whack?
rip little moon rabbit.
if you give a moose a muffin, you'll end up in a dirty trailer with seven kids and no money.
loves coffee more than lol catz love cupcakes.  and unlike lol catz, i'm not inbred//illiterate.  i am 68% retarded, however, but that's mostly because i drool.
is expecting... but doesn't know the bunny daddy.
just experienced orthostatic hypotension. trippy.
i used to have a boyfriend with a wooden leg, but i broke it off.
ahhhh!! what is this strange white stuff coming from the sky?!
dad & i just took the kayaks out on the lake in a torrential downpour//thunder & lightning storm (father knows best)... no beavers, but lots of migrating black & velvet scoters :)
is a female donkey that drills for a living?
top of the mornin to ya.
is watching fearnet with *propname*. spook is in the air :)
saw several dead rainbows today :(
so season 4 of dexter started out crrrraaazy!
proof that soul-shattering, awe-inspiring things can evolve? music.
is sipping coffee, petting a bunny, listening to music, & dicking around on fb. how's that for multitasking? i can process chemical, acoustical, tactile, and visual stimuli simultaneously, all while actively avoiding any kind of work and maintaining homeostasis!
shared bodily fluids with 3 people in lab today & didn't get infected ;)
i think *propname* may have attracted a tall chicken & a wolf-girl with her salmon patty trail cam bait.
when life gives you shit, grind it up, freeze-dry it, and extract the glucocorticoids.
we wanted to say you shouldn't suffer this way. we love you, tuqqy.
growing up is weird.
was unexpectedly mesmerized by how beautiful pennsylvania is today.
no thesis project. no hope for the future, other than a miracle.
even though yesterday's laborious morning of shoveling would appear to be in vain, i don't have to teach any labs today! asante sana, rafiki yangu snow :)
as soon as i manage to sit down and start being productive, *propname* and *propname* have to start being cuter than ever and that bottle of red on the counter has to start being sexier than ever...
is thamkful she didn't get murdered last night. seriously. and of course, for her lovely fb friends. :)
lend me your ear & i'll sing you a song, but you might not be able to hear it without your ear.
is thinking... if i have a little >2 yrs left to live, why am i still in frostburg?
always gets the studliest pets.
i'm trying, ghandi.
when everything is going wrong, it helps to get ridiculous phone calls from one's two whackjob best friends & be entertained by the cutest, smartest, naughtiest bunny in the world.
s right hand is really, really cold.
wine, chocolate, & guitar = :)
is making cds and making out with *propname*.
i will never get my master's or get out of frostburg :(
is in less danger of getting a lump of coal for christmas every year, as we deplete the earth's fossil fuels.
might almost like bridget's cinnamon, cardamom, & black pepper tea more than coffee!
avatar makes me proud to be a biologist.
"coming up, it's man vs. wild, followed by frying human meat putting on spices and saving it with maggots at 9:00." gotta love bridget.
cabin fever.
it's really amazing that a meatball can roll under a bush and eventually grow into a meatball tree.
i am the fool; the hierophant crosses me.
to think we are who we are largely because of the deactivation of myosin heavy chain 16 (myh16)... fascinating.
in a moment, something poked him in an infuriatingly private place.
hmm, can't wait to try out this "synthetic fermented egg" lure...
hey *propname*, don't make it bad. don't eat all the houseplants, chew wires, throw temper tantrums, and break out of your cage.  all you need is love, little man.
computer's broken :( worrying about how many important files i may lose. in brighter news, walked my rabbit around the neighborhood on a leash today.
the dreams are more fun.
road trip with my boy, followed by a play date with a crazy half-japanese girl & two ferrets.
the most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious.  it is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science.  whomever does not know it and can no longer wonder, no longer marvel, is as good as dead, and his eyes are dimmed. -einstein
ravenous black holes, ripples in the space-time continuum, intersex bass taking over us rivers, expectations influencing the wine-tasting experience, the possibility of quantum memory devices... just some of my science daily. truth blows fiction out of the water!
last night, i learned that my little boy (*propname*) loves wine as much as i do; hence, i will no longer be able to set my wine glasses on the ground.
hmm... has the mystery of the loud neighborhood farting noise been solved?
what's up, cheese apple? your warm, cheesy, buttery, and tart deliciouness? that's what i'm talkin about ;)
has a naughty bunny.
wow. all i can say is, i was channeling deb as i watched that traumatic season finale.
suspects that this nightly coffee + dexter combo isn't the best for her heart.
a third of a chicken of a bobcat?  hmm.. yes, *propname*.
making love to my lollipop, mantis-style.
is imagining her feet buried under the cool, wet sand and being sucked toward the ocean.
is just an earthbound misfit enjoying a starbucks double-shot espresso
little dee is your hero.
spies and other mysterious persons could track me down almost anywhere today, but they only have ~1 hour.
rediscovered how fun it is to play in 36 inches of snow :)
is gonna get some groovy coyote trail cam pics! you know you're jealous
fly in vaseline :(
mission for the day: find my car under that 8-ft mound of wintry precipitate.
note to self: do not attempt to drive 400 miles in a blizzard ever again.
to the air mattress, my noisy nighttime lover.
s entire day.. maybe even entire life.. is dependent on who wins this dominance interaction between *propname* & *propname*. go *propname*!!! if *propname* throws this one, i will surely be in a sour mood for the rest of the week.