does anyone know how to install office 2007 in linux using wine ?
forgot to take my cell phone to office.. to reach me (for today) send me mssg on google talk or facebook
had the most random interaction with a stone drunk stranger!
had an amazingly lazy and uneventful day... saturday sucks!!!!!!!!!
is history written or is it made??
finally internet at home :d
online finally!!!
random girl (in a bus) : are you half chinese?                                                               me : huh !!??????!!????
migrated to ubuntu linux completely.
funniest thing happen to roman polanski :d lol
listening to hare krishna ..just in case :d
can anyone forward me an invit to google wave???
first time: had three shots of of jack daniels on the rock and than to the lab
here is a quick poll for all of you: how many of you , at this point in your career, have held more than 5 jobs ?
are thoughts and substance interchangable? can we redirect our thoughts to substantiate anything that would be comparable to our physical surroundings and experiences ?
football.. fun fun and fun
events of the evening : random lady at the bus stop : do you know what "no. 11" beer is? me: is that a bus no. or a course no. random lady : my lab mate said it is a good drink and i can et it here at wsu me (thinking) : seriously ... of all the ppl u could have asked...why me??
any comments on the simmilarity between sita in ranamayan and helen of troy?  ceartive inputs are more than welcome!
finally have a linux box that runs office 2007 :)
pigly-wigly diet soda !
just got to know that my co-worker was going to call cops on me ,cause that person did not know that  i was new to the work place. fun  huh?
epiphany : two shots of jameson's can do wonder's to your experiments beyond your wildest imagination :d
simplicity in our lives comes out of deep thinking
what happened to the good ol' days when we could fly and and get inebriated by just thinkin' about it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
20-26 nice!!!
to those with interest in international politics and policy i recommend : "the post-american world" by *propname* 3.84
our personalities reflect the the environments we have lived in the past, which would also largely determine the ones we might live in.
anyone looking for google wave invits ?.. lemme know.
live from my new kick ass 64-bit pc
its considerably colder here at pullman , wa, than east lansing!!
watched avatar and it was  :  1. a sort anti-pollution, green peace statement 2. a light heart warming love story 3. and what not to do do when we actual invade other planets :d
an existence of polemic bad ideas can cause considerable damage to society.
finally found " *propname* and his flying robot " ... anybody remembers this series
watched 9 and. it was fantastic!
merry christmas to you all!
east lansing : -21 c (feels like) pullman : -14 c (feels like) damn you east lansing.. i shall have my revenge!
finally got my paper degree . officially , i have graduated!
saw 3 idiots.. it was refreshing. even though it appered to me as more of a commentary on  our education system.  however, it painted a fairly black'n white picture.  but then .. its just entertainment :)
east lansing : -16 c (feels like) pullman : -10 c (feels like)
"my god its full of stars"...anyone?
watching a godzilla movie... i almost forgot how much i missed them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
heard *propname* after a long time.  took me back to my ol' school and undergrad  days
watching k-pax and njoying every momemnt of it
about to brew my first gallon of beer!