likes the sound of thunder.
is so sleepy it's not even funny that's she can't get to sleep.
is sore and wants the knot of muscles at the base of her neck to stop hurting. on the other hand, yay i'm in illinois! <3
likes how the day sounds in this new song.
is home. <3
www.thejokerblogs.com
saw a nun zombie, and liked it. also, *propname* + tentacle!man + psychic powers = great party.
is in kentucky. 421 miles into her 1100 mile journey home.
was about to finish a digital painting before her tablet went haywire. is now contemplating the many ways she wishes to exact her revenge on faulty technology.
is celebrating her new haircut by listening to swinger music and generally looking like a doofus.
has a crush on the green lantern.
has magic on the brain.
saw transformers, up, and year one this week. good movie overload. :d
who wants to meet up on schedule pick-up day at oviedo?
desires the thrill of inspiration. also, money.
is going to bed at 9:30! yeah!
is reading, admiring her permit, and occasionally glancing at her ner mcdonald's uniform.
thinks intangibility should be an option in reality settings.
is tired. *propname*, let me go to sleep pl0x.
is discovering the many flavors of insomnia.
is watching cousin play computer game on televison box thing. also, sleepy.
why is it i'm only getting the urge to draw when i have stuff to do for school? d;
who'da thought a single text message could be enough to change my mind?
wishes to develop a super power that prevents her from needing to sleep.
tell me what to draw, plox.
found a bunny, bunny died, buried bunny, now is drawing.
<3
is just about insane by now.
wants to sleep eight hours tonight. and so she shall.
really hates hormones and emotions right now. well, has hated them a lot recently. goodness.
has a watch that matches her glasses. she wishes she hadn't spazzed with glee when she saw it in the store.
loved 9! allegory, symbolism, talking ragdolls, satire, and explosions! yes!
can't sit on her futon because she knows as soon as she does she'll lie down and pass out. uncomfortable rolly desk chair it is. :(
should spend less time writing chapters for the story she'll never finish, and try reading more books. preferably, during the daytime, and not at 3:00 am.
is watching kid's cartoons and wishing she weren't so old.
has work tomorrow, and hopes they teach her how to use the cash register. :d
is grateful she did most of her work during her wait for a ride home this afternoon and then during the open house. sleeeep, she beckons.
has a really confusing internal dilemma. she also wonders if anyone can guess what it is.
thinks she needs to stop leaving so many pictures half-done before getting new ideas.
has grown weary of drawing her paranoid, soldier//housewife jynx character in comic form, and must thusly go to sleep to replenish her desire to work tirelessly on a mere audition.
is seeing 9 tonight... maybe?
is going to work on comics, then crash into her futon with all the love unconsciousness deserves.
weekend. i love you.
is listening to relient k and thinking about plants, lawyers, and internships.
is drawing instead of homeworking. :| this is fun, but not good.
will sleep like a champion tonight.
dishes, webcomics, laziness, internal lack of disruption. alright.
wishes she weren't ticklish sometimes. right now, though, is not one of those times. :)
has a magical ceiling.
went to bed early, slept in, and still feels like she hasn'tgotten a proper night's sleep.
got taught how to use the register (<3!!!~), enjoyed (500) days of summer, and is looking forward to going to the beach monday.
hates fml on principle.
realizes traditional media hate her and has shunned her penvcils in favor of the tablet. that'll learn 'em.
was all prepared to do her weekend homeowrk the morning it was due, but realized she left the necessary binder at school. fffffffffffff-
has early work blargedy-argdey-blah. minimuuum waaaage, i looove youuu.
far away // this ship has taken me so far away... goshdarnit, muse, stop being so awesome.
is a little excited to see the talent show.
is tired. she would sleep, but there's a cat on her desk that requires supervision.
i don't hate you.// well, you found me. congratulations. was it worth it?// the only thing you've managed to break so far is my heart.// this isn't brave. it's murder.// what did i ever do to you?// you don't care, do you.// please proceed to andorid hell.
needs a stupid, fluffy book to read inbetween experiences of normalcy.
will be up very late so she can ride with her dad to the airport to pick up her mamacita from a (as of now) 11:20 pm landing in from illinois.
is in complete love with the blackberry her mom just surprised her with. and yes. she is so excited, that caps are completely necessary. <3 <3 <3 <3 <3<3
is looking forward to early january. not the birthday per se, but the potential to meet a good friend. :)
needs to stop listening to her normal playlist if she wants to stop waking up feeling like she's missed something big.
spews toxic gas into your personal air bubble. it's super effective!
has a comfortably comfy and mildly oversized cotton jacket from wal*mart. yay, it's so soft. <3 <3 <3
thinks oviedo play was awesome (as it should be. sleep, though-- she beckons sweetly with the promise of dreams and pillow-related comfort. night all.
just made a nucketful of cookies and a bunch of baked fries. :) yes, i am awesome.
has made more cookies, as well as a bunch of croissants for breakfast and piggies in various blankets for tomorrow afternoon. despite the late//early hour, this is only further awesomeness.
has a fair idea of how to manage the 2.5 kids cliche... she just needs a very strong gentleman named *propname* and thriteen wet napkins.
saw up. also saw two chuck norris movies. ffffffffffff- weirdest mix ever.
has an autobot lunchbox, and can therefore die happy now. :) in other news, she has also spent the last three hours on an off reading a webcomic that started in 1999.
, in the post office, with the long-overdue copy of photoshop for a friend. i win at the game of clue.
clakclakclak rawrrrrr mel haxxxxxx rwrrrrrrrr lolzlolzlolzlolz im so hood punk stoopid yo
we are not who you think we are. we are golden.
i am a lumberjack with a castro hat.
the day you wake up and realize you've just slept twelve hours and still want to sleep some more is the day you need to get back on a regular sleeping schedule.
actually doesn't mind coloring with markers as much as she thought. yay for coloring vividly creepy villainesses! :d
thinks maybe singing along with the radio during most of the eight-hour ride home didn't help her throat//cough//chestcold thingvery much.
drove to a gas station. number of times sent into a panic behind the wheel: 6. i hate 40 mph zones. d;
a great new year to everybody. :) <3 make the best of everything you see, and never let the bad stuff keep you down for long!
has 48 hours to do pretty much all her break work, clean her room, do the dishes, rearrange the furniture in her room, and practive drop spins maybe a dozen more times. xd why not, right?
is open to requests.
is frankly at a loss as far as her current internal project.
is gonna stay awake all night. then i should be able to just pass out at 9 pm tomorrow (today).
can't sleep. remedies?
why are the people i want to talk to never online when i am?
needs to stop stressing over her personal stuff. homework beckons with a bejeweled, smirking claw, and i must answer, tethered by iron to the responsibilities of real life.
is in love with her hair today. <3
was right. :) today was pretty much fantastic, all around.
feels tomorrow will be a busy and very nice day. :)
is in the last day of her two-day mad dash to finish. can she get all her work done it time???
is it a problem if my main reason to come to facebook now is to join groups and become a fan of things?
had a three hour nap this afternoon and can't sleep because of it.
my dogs are so hood.
is on a roll; one short of a turkey, now.
can't breathe and feels like her insides are clawing their way out through her belly button. i hate pain.
is reflecting on it and is actually very happy she's not in ib right now.
has her class ring in with it's changes! whoop whoop! <3 :d
kiss. kiss. lick. <3
is too lazy to put her stuff back in order. maybe tomorrow.
has a serious crush on *propname*. <3