necesito todos los negativos posibles de fotos... si tienen plzzzz démenlos!!
i'm a victim of my own insides. there was a time when i wanted to know everything...it used to make me very unhappy, all that feeling. i just didn't know what to do with it. but now i've learned to make that feeling work for me. i'm full of emotion and i 
mato a *propname*!
entrÉ!!!!!!!!!! :)....
foto editing day
feria del queso en turrialba...arooo
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows your dead...
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil know your dead...
pintando ojos...
"hippy is an establishment label for a profound, invisible, underground, evolutionary process. for every visible hippy, barefoot, beflowered, beaded, there are a thousand invisible members of the turned-on underground. persons whose lives are tuned in to 
amando el clima! happenstance
and so it goes...
we are drowning in information but starved for knowledge. -*propname*
dem gracias a todos los que vinieron, me ayudaron dem!!!! *propname*, *propname*, *propname* y *propname* gratcie por tocar  y poner todo! son exitosos...
15 minutes of fame: 18 de *propname*
by allowing all of life's colors to penetrate us, we become more integrated...
“feelings are not supposed to be logical. dangerous is the man who has rationalized his emotions.” *propname*
lunes día de trabajo....
i am a chinese hippie
“it is only too true that a lot of artists are mentally ill- it's a life which, to put it mildly, makes one an outsider. i'm all right when i completely immerse myself in work, but i'll always remain half crazy.” *propname*
“follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. ask questions, then feel the answer. learn to trust your heart.”
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=k3lf-ctzkwu
playitaaaa...!!! video week
…the photograph should be more interesting or more beautiful than what was photographed...  ---*propname*.
thinks that no one should be afraid to go to the doctor because they can't afford it, no one should go broke because they get sick, and no one should die because they could not afford care. if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
“it is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.” *propname*
distance tests a horse's strength. time reveals a person's character....
"would you like me to give you a formula for success? it’s quite simple, really. double your rate of failure. you are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. but it isn’t at all. you can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. make all you can. because remember that’s where you will find success." – *propname*
tengo dem problemas...
“thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler.” -nietzsche
whom that i know and have not seen in agesss lives in ny city???? flying in this coming saturday and shall be staying for a week!! :)
you can't always get what you want. but if you try, sometimes you'll find what you need. -rolling stones
“be the change you want to see in the world.”
the creative is the place where no one else has ever been. you have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. what you'll discover will be wonderful. what you'll discover is yourself.     -*propname*
moma al fin... union square and such...shoe shopping...
....soy un aprensivo, me sigue la enfermedad, soy un tío vivo, soy un tipo de verdad. soy caro cuando hay vicio, soy igual desde el principio y hasta el final es lo que tengo, es lo que hay, tengo una paja mental, que ya no sé de qué va....
ny is the best!
mil gratci a todos por las congratulations :)
to be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting. ~e.e. cummings
o be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.   ~e.e. cummings
yuppie (short for "young urban professional" or "young upwardly-mobile professional") [1] is a 1980s and early 1990s term for financially secure, upper-middle class young people in their 20s and early 30s.  [2]. although its first usage was as a media catchphrase, it eventually became somewhat derogatory in nature.
quiero nicaragua y el ghetto otra vezz!!!! sonambulear por san juan del sur...
“a veces uno es manantial entre rocas y otras veces un árbol con las últimas hojas. pero hoy me siento apenas como laguna insomne con un embarcadero ya sin embarcaciones una laguna verde inmóvil y paciente conforme con sus algas sus musgos y sus peces, sereno en mi confianza confiando en que una tarde te acerques y te mires, te mires al mirarme….”
"self-observation brings man to the realization of the necessity of self-change. and in observing himself a man notices that self-observation itself brings about certain changes in his inner processes. he begins to understand that self-observation is an instrument of self-change, a means of awakening.” ---alguien
domingo de descanso total
no soporto al artista cuya principal motivación sea la provocación. creo que los grandes provocadores lo son sin proponérselo...         -pedro almodovar
taller tripartito prendas nuevas a la venta.... vestidos, camisas y pantalones! abierto de 11am - 8pm lunes - sabado!
“i do not fear failure. i only fear the "slowing up" of the engine inside of me which is pounding, saying, "keep going, someone must be on top, why not you?" ---*propname*
“life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.”
kap bambino yayyyyyyy!
hoy artcity tour pasa por casatripartito, nuevas prendas tripartito+performance por la pieldenaranjaylaquince + expo carlos de paz celebrando 15 años de unión con *propname* galería.... cierre en el bar steinvorth!
en montevideo donde rodri que es un amor.... a ver a dani y ern.... con los umpis :)
montevideo es lo mas!
stress-free... finally
feliz aÑÑoooo todosss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ buenos aires: argentina :)
últimos días en buenos aires..... jardínes, warhol, cuero, y más carne!
“when we are debating an issue, loyalty means giving me your honest opinion, whether you think i'll like it or not. disagreement, at this stage, stimulates me. but once a decision has been made, the debate ends. from that point on, loyalty means executing the decision as if it were your own.”
feliz navidad a todossss.... @ aeropuerto lima
disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. it is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion. --oscar wilde
14 de marzo: gaura mantra fest: jacob karpio galeria
...los amorosos andan como locos  porque están solos, solos, solos,  entregándose, dándose a cada rato,  llorando porque no salvan al amor.... -*propname* (se me había olvidado la poesía, gracias jess)
whitney museum.... media biblioteca... mañana moma, union square...
---i wanted a perfect ending. now i've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next. delicious ambiguity.
jazz is so pleasant :).... bliss
“men are like a fine wine. they all start out like grapes, and it's our job to stomp on them and keep them in the dark until they mature into something you'd like to have dinner with.”  *propname* quotes
press on- nothing can take the place of persistence. talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent. *propname*
colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
....que no te falte capacidad, para discernir el mas aca, del confuso mas alla, que es realidad aparte.....  --(bunbury)
i, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. i can choose which it shall be. yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. i have just one day, today, and i'm going to be happy in it. -----grouch marx
morality, like art, means drawing a line someplace. ---oscar wilde
everything is fine until it isn’t. and then you deal with it.
“if one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.” --*propname*,
insomnia... :-