is officially certified to teach english abroad! now, to find a job. . .
am i the only one that hates the new shakira song?!! it's horrible!
gooo gators!!
why is there always a "gunman" on usf campus. . .didn't have to worry about that crap in gainesville!
is getting anxious about thailand and money :{
looking to go to the gator game if anyone is selling a ticket (student or non)
just got to thailand! korean air= best airlne ever! but sitting for 20 hours sucks no matter how good the movies are.
going ot ko chang island to hopefully ride some elephants!
i was one of the lucky ones to get air conditioning and internet in my apt in thailand! yay!
last day in ko chang : (  but teaching starts monday : )
i've been wondering why no one can leave me wall post. . .figured it out! yay!
yeah, about that hot water....
12 days and counting... . oh and surrogates sucked! save your money unless your want to see a crappy version of i robot.
after teaching for just 3 weeks, i finally understand the importance coffee plays in people's everyday lives.
never seen a 10 year old and a 60 year old driving a motorcycle on the same steet until today :)
so i was watching the news in thai and they showed a picture of the earth and the sun and a big comet like solar flare thing circling the sun. .umm is there something i should know? do i need to find a bomb shelter? i am so out of the news loop, i found out the us health bill passed on facebook for god sakes!
tahtako is small and no one speaks english, but the people are friendly!
lesson planning sucks. . .so i'm procrastinating.
is not looking forward to this reeeeeally long flight!
3- day weekend! going to chaing mai! if anyone is going to be there, call us!
i was woke up at 7:30 in the morning on sun by my mother informing me of the gator loss. if i wasn't so hungover i probably would have cried. : ( i still love you gators!
i'm wondering if i can make it through another 3 days of singing "head, shoulders, knees and toes" 10 times each day.
mash potatoes were a big hit in thailand!
i love *propname*, i can't believe she died : (
"just let me live my life" -*propname*
not doing too well in the coordination department today. i ran the motorbike up some stair this morning and almost ate it just now (yet again on some stairs)
at the beach in bang saphan! didn't know how much i'd missed the water till i got here!
i feel like its the end of an era in gator football! : (  i am so lucky and thankful i got to go to uf when i did! thank you tebow and thank you urban!
oh bangkok, i will miss you and your lady boy calypso show haha
class of 40 kids. . .3 showed up. .because it rained. that would never fly in florida!
i have one homework assignment for one easy weekend class and i can't bring myself to do it. . .holy procrastinator. .whats wrong with me!
avatar was amazing! i loved it. spend the money and see it in imax 3-d. i promise it's worth it!
watching the rose bowl online isn't as much fun.  i have to keep refreshing to find out what happened the last play : ( go sec!
yay friday!
could i be anymore bored?
can't wait for february so i can start traveling again!
it’s hilarious trying to explain easter to the thai children. “yeah . . so there’s this rabbit that comes to your house and hides eggs. . yes eggs . .and then you eat chocolate that’s shaped like rabbits and eggs . . and that’s how we celebrate the resurrection of jesus christ” haha. they either have a really confused look on their face or just laugh.
an extremely attractive girl whos flirty personality and curvacious figure will keep you coming back for more. she's typically a brunette but occasionally acts blonde. she enjoys long relationships and has many close guy friends. often mistaken for a "slut" but really isn't. she can also be a super bitch if you get onto her bad side. "dude, i want to hang out with that girl, shes such an *propname*" haha
do i have a celebrity look-a-like?
a kid in my class put a frog down another kids shirt today, along with the branches the frog was in.  after the frog, leaves and branches fell out of his shirt, the boys spent 5 minutes trying to catch the frog, while i (the teacher) stood in the corner with the screaming girls afraid of the frog. then the frog peed on the boy who caught it. thank god it's a short school week!
had to laugh when the doctor was cutting off her thai good luck bracelets in order to put on a cast.
lame canada! sorry neighbors to the north, but after china’s opening olympic ceremony 2 years ago, that was just weak. even *propname* can’t show up 10,000 in sync drumming chinamen. glad the u.s. didn’t get the bid for 2010 lol.
thank you everybody! love you all!