is at work! >.<
hopes that transformers isn't sold out!
is going to the mellow mushroom after work at 8.
must be insane for starting a twitter account
hates *propname* for starting her on this damn farm town app.  you all must stert playing now and give me gifts! and mafia wars too. fml i'm a loser.
la la la la!
hello, to high and dry.
is in the bluff!
loves the gorilla face!
this is my face covered in freckles with the occasional spot and some veins this is my body covered in skin and not all of it you can see and, this, is my mind it goes over and over the same old lines and, this, is my brain it's torturous analytical thoug
*propname* comes back tonight!!! yaaaaayyyy!!!!!!
is ready for school to start back... summer sucks when you aren't actually on vacation
realizes that she has friends on facebook that she doesn't remember how she met... is that wrong? discuss:
is reading master and fool, the convoluted finally to the book of words trillogy, in between playing stupid facebook apps... such a nerd. >.<
is creating a linkedin account, as if she didn't already have too many networking accounts to keep track of!
i, i'm thinking it's a sign that the freckles in our eyes are mirror images, and when we kiss they're perfectly aligned and i have to speculate that god himself did make us into corresponding shapes like puzzle pieces from the clay
is at work... yay.
thinks she will keep this as her profile pic until those tan lines fade, if that ever happens.
is stressed... but has great tickets for the game! row 1 baby! woot!
got a jersy from *propname*, a clean car from her mother, and a free portfolio from her sister! not too shabby for the unexciting 22nd birthday. :d thank you everyone!
dealing with crazy people all day... a&a ppl: don't forget the lecture tonight! not sure what it is about though... :p
>.<
absolutely hates autocad.  why am i still in architecture?
come on ut: we need a touchdown!
is blah blah blah....but... tgif!!! happy weekend everyone!!!
goddamnit!!!! fuck you lincoln!!! kick higher! and the guy took off his helmit! we should have had a re-kick! what bs is this? aaaarrrrg!!!!!!
i just realized that the song "all i wanna do is make love to you" by heart is about a woman picking up a stranger and seducing him in order to get a child... wha?
gaaaarrrg!!!
would like to bash her head against a concrete wall.
will be in knoxville for break. >.<'
a;lkdhoarjenfpreoijn
will post some halloween pictures... eventually.
has come to the realization that i hate architecture. hate it. integrations is the worst experience ever. i'll be happy passing with a c.
hopes to have her drawings finished in exactly one week from now... let's see how that works out...
...?
is inactive.
is upset.  *propname* ditched our appointment i made, after i waited in the office for about an hour, and now i'll probably never get to talk to her.  i wish she'd actually do her job in stead of taking 5 hour lunch breaks then leaving early.... bitch.
is hungry.
needs to suck it up.
due to a lack of anyone being interested in my life updates, i will write here and delude myself that someone wiill read it later and actually care...  got a new phone yesterday: a palm treo.  had to pay $30 a mo extra to use it, but now i'll be able to use the interwebz while in white bluff.  30 dollars is a fair price to put on cabin fever prevention. maybe i should tweet this too. :p
*propname* made it up to me today... after i waited for her for a half hour past our appointment time. sheesh. but *propname* was awesome enough to let me have some hot chocolate :)
is in knoxilla for a few days. trying to get this germany thing settled. still. garg!
just got skype. name: ljacocke