is trying to get in touch with the notorious v.a.l.   yo, *propname*, call be back sistah!
would now like to rename her son *propname*
is missing all of her cty peeps.  she hopes they will keep her updated on what happening in that little town with big city problems.
is proud to admit she is a 35 year old mom who loves eminem.
date night!  woo hoo!!!!!!!!!
loved hanging out with klocks!
it is so true - your hair always looks great the day before you have a hair appointment.  however, as soon as i step out in this humidity, i will be jolted back to reality.
enjoyed her wednesday night.
is helping her husband start his facebook account.  oh no.
heard someone say that status updates are the ultimate form of narcissism.  got her thinkin'.  could that be true?
is wondering how the 8lb kid and the 91lb dog will do in the back of the altima on a road trip.  i guess we'll see!!
drank too much iced tea before bed.
it's raining, it's pouring...and i just flat ironed my hair.  bleh.
is longing for the comfort of familiar.
is listening to my dog, my husband, and my baby snore...simultaneously.  i am surrounded!!!
is once again wishing for a gardener and a maid.
doesn't think carlisle is going to happen this summer.  sorry guys!
messing with her new macbook pro, thanks albemarle county!
is hoping *propname* slept through the night for *propname*.
happy birthday, cash!
in need of a babysitter the afternoon and evening of uva v. vt...any ideas?  know any great sitters?  help!  :)
thinks she's a rock star...thinks.  bleh.
bring it, wankees.
is taking care of *propname* and his first cold.  mommy no likey.
i wonder...
is thinking about a cty reunion...hmmmm.......
is loving socialinterview.com
recognized more silver lining than cloud on a fairly cloudy day - what a freeing experience!
fly eagles fly!  on the road to victory!  fight eagles fight! get a touchdown one, two, three... (four, etc. etc.)  :)
my husband is out in the 18" playing with the dog and the neighbors' kids.  gotta love him.
anyone know a plow guy lookin' for work?  haha.  seriously, if you know anyone that can get to us today or early tomorrow - send me the info, yo.
the largest front end loader i have ever seen just plowed our driveway.  ah, the smell of freedom.
raise your hand if you are snowed in and consuming way too many calories.  i gotta get outta here!
watching ncis marathon.  last time i did this, i investigated mysterious deaths all night long!  and i had to work the next day!
reality check.  we are fortunate.  prayers for haiti.
believes thinking is over-rated.
anyone interested in training for the cville 10 miler with me?
to ctyers past and present, i urge you to do two things: 1) dust off your garden state soundtrack, there was a reason we listened to it non-stop for 42 days. 2) mark july 16-18 in your calendar - we are all descending on the land of milk and honey.  carlizzle fo' shizzle.
my fb font is huge - regular size on every other program - what did i do?  help!
inside edition has hit an all time low.  lead story: will the crisis in haiti affect the golden globe awards?
blame it on the a a a a a applejuice. blame it on the a a a a a applejuice.
the lady at panera didn't even have to ask me my name today. it showed up on my receipt - spelled correctly.  maybe i need to hit up greenberry's for a little bit.
anyone have a gently-used treadmill they'd like to sell?
heard since it's vday weekend that people were changing their profile pics. don't have a pictures of me and all three of my valentines (but *propname* is in the belly here) can you imagine if i tried picking up *propname* now? :)