i know many people have faced this issue before, but mit graduate admissions should stop denying the existence of caltech...
according to a certain oil//gas industry recruiter, 3.4 < 3.0.
it's creepy how facebook suggests that a certain friend has too few friends.
it's really irksome when a grad school application recognizes 'california institute of locksmithing' but not 'california institute of technology.'
contra costa county is now recruiting prison cooks at caltech.  i didn't know they needed prison cooks that badly.  besides, there's probably a 3.5 gpa requirement somewhere...
we consider a pure gas composed of rigid, nonattracting spherical molecules of diameter d and mass m, and the number density (number of molecules per unit volume) is taken to be n.
apparently "california institute of technology" is too long a name for mit graduate admissions.
the moral of ninja assassins: if you're ever attacked by black pajama-clad assassins, your only chance of survival is riding in a volkswagen eos.
just realized that it's cheaper to run his car on lard in texas ($6.22//gallon) than on diesel ($6.77//gallon) in the uk.
i love how techers are always tagged as "the smart one."
told the guy behind the fish counter to gut a catfish by mimicing longitudinal write slices.
fun( baiting russian trolls) > fun( baiting generic trolls)
what's this song i'm hearing on the radio with sirens, screams and gunshots?  oh right, it's "santa claus is coming to town."
good thing caltech doesn't have a front gate; otherwise, someone would write "wirklichkeit macht frei" on top.
my family now has 1 car//person, down from 1.25 cars//person.
the aeropress is back in business.  america, fuck yeah!
9//9.  finally done.
my 2005 *propname* has a ridiculously sharp throttle response.  i wonder if it has anything to do with the unintended acceleration problems...
wonders why engineers are overrepresented in terrorist organizations.
mass effect 2: it's nice to see that the nigerian 419 scam is still going strong in 2184, this time with batarians trying to recover quarantined prothean artifacts.
i don't know why new car dealers in houston insist on all-season tires on all their products.  we have snow one day every 3 years!
note to 'the wildlife fund': fuck you, stop pestering me about your $500 'donation' to my nonexistent 'zoo'.
dear bioware: dragon age is a wonderful and entertaining game, but epic fail on the load times.  at least make the wait entertaining.  instead of blood tracks on a map (or awkward elevator rides), how about a 2d hack 'n slash minigame?
southern rap: oh, the amazing things you can do with a minimalist palette of shouts, chants, and grunts.
stanford says no. :(