(purposefully contradicting *propname*) aghh!! the heat! *opens arms in welcoming fashion*. i mean, you all complain when it's cold and rainy, as per usual, and you complain when it's warm. consistency, people!
it’s true what they say; ignorance is bliss. i envy kids that way, for not having the mental maturity to understand all the problems surrounding them. it’s nice to see that happiness and naivety every once in a while.
is introspective...
crisis next weekend my brother is having a ‘giant’ sleepover with four of his devil spawn minions. 1) isn’t he a little *old* for that kinda thing? 2) last time one of them came over, i had to listen to three days grace on full blast on my ipod so i could concentrate enough to read. yes, you heard me! if anybody who a) isn’t a pervert, and b) doesn’t hate me could offer a place to stay, i would be grateful...
is craving a vanilla latte and some new good music 'cause she's bored of just going through her shuffle... something decemberist-esque? (ha, that's a mouthful.)
has anyone seen our homework timetables? fucking a.
i had pancakes for lunch. i'm gonna die young and fat :'(
fucking hell! the thunder is right above the house!
"ooooooh, i think i smell a rattttt"
the lighting's really weird out; the sky is dark, but everything else is almost luminescent.
made lemon cupcakes with pink icing. ahhh, e. numbers.
"halfway around the world lies the one thing that you want buried in the ground, hundreds of miles down first thing that arises in your mind while you awake bending you til you break"
"i'm a road runner honey and you can't keep up with me" ~aerosmith :)
got a brilliant new playlist :d i heart it.
redrum.
wants to bury her head in a hole.
and it's an all-nighter.
omg! brokeback mountain!!! squee!!!
burnt finger again...
how do you find out your fucking color group?
has burnt her finger. it really hurts, as well.
i must be pregnant, or something. it's not natural to have hummus cravings...
downloading a new playlist. 1 hour, 40 minutes to go - woopee!
is, decidedly, an eloquent drunk.
ugh i'm hungry. siren song - bat for lashes. take me to the riot - stars. consolers of the lonely - the raconteurs. running up that hill - placebo.
ugh.
there are so many fucked up people because there are so many fucked up marriages or lack thereof.
to anyone who gives a shit, look at the photo i found of wogie!!!
tired with a pancake craving...
buzzz...
shitty day + monday migraine + late home = urrrrrrrrg!
half of my english coursework done. woot!
*swallows down last mouthful of seventh cup of tea today*
sick - bleh :(
what modules//points do we have to revise for chemistry?
six-hundred days!
my brother is watching the jerk theory for the third time since friday.
ipod fixed!!!! yay!!!
my hair smells like cookies...worrying... :s
had great day in the snow with *propname* and *propname*. more to follow tomorrow :d
the vanishing act of *propname* <3
my inability to wash up properly means that nobody trusts me to do it :)
it's freaky. my brother's only two inches off me. eh, he still has freakishly large feet. i can live happy with that abnormality even if it's not accompanied by a 5'4" frame.
spent all day watching glee. i hate it and love it at the same time. so cheesy!
was anyone else off school today? i was sure nobody would be able to get in. eh.
"not that kind of escort!!!" hehehe.
i'd swear the 'rents were just yelling "gavinda" right now...
caffine. check.
everything fucking aches! (don't you dare like this, *propname*.)