work 9-3 then going to see pirate radio with *propname*!
going my brothers paper route again, french class, work 3:30 to close and then home where i plan to collapse.
so sleepy and cold, class til 7:30 and then to *propname*'s for the night
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
work 9-3:30 then getting my nails done and possibly my hair
at school til 7:30 then home where i will hopefully get to watch antm from last night
school until 7:30 then home to see *propname*. happy anniversary!
je deteste le francais.
i do not enjoy being awake early. school and then work.
work 9 to 3:30 then errands, then the movies with alex.
i'm eating a bagel. does anyone care? probably not. school until 7:30
my god, i just got so much homework done. i should not have class everday.
work 9-2 then  going to see where the wild things are with *propname* :)
research, homework, french class, work, *propname*
the spaces between my fingers are where yours fit perfectly :) school til 7:30
work 9-close
research, school until 7:30 and then *propname*'s house
research meeting, french, and then work 3:30 to close, alone with becky. :(
research and work 3:30 to close
boo for no halloween parties
work 9:30 to close. happy halloween!
in the lab finishing up my human sexuality paper (hopefully), then french class at 12:50 and then work 3:30 to close.
reasearch, french class, work and then finally *propname*
un examen francais and then work 3:30 to close and then studying for my quiz tomorrow.
signed up for winter classes. i only have two psych classes and directed research study. next semester is going to be great!
i have to write a six page peper on women's pornography use, then class from 4:00 til 7:30 and then *propname*'s house for the night.
today is my day off! going to *propname*'s to sort is comics and then maybe see a cristmas carol
french class and then work. bad, bad day.
school til 7:30 then home to see *propname*
cognitive psych test and then alex's for the night
making baked apples with a cocoa butter filling and creme angliase. hopefully they're good.
off to find food somewhere on campus
homework and room cleaning then watching lord of the rings with *propname*
research, tea at freer house, colloquia lecture, three classes and then finally to *propname*'s for the night. the only thing making this day better is that i get free food.
research at 12 and then classes after til 7:30 and then finally *propname*'s house for the night!
i have to be back to work in less than twelve hours
only one more class and then it's the weekend!
work 9 to close
home! time to clean up and decorate the christmas tree.
*propname*'s?
doing my brothers paper routes, then french class, then work, then finally home
working 11-close then going to the movies with *propname*, either to see the men who stare at goats or christmas carol
bad mood. i'm going to punch someone in the face.
working in the lab, french oral exam, and then going to tac becuase they're still charging me even though my membership should have ended in october.
it's 6:30 and i already want to go to sleep.
going to my meme's to decorate her christmas tree, then hanging out with *propname*. maybe making some cookies tonight?
working 10-close and then maybe the movies again?
research, psych quiz, homework, cog psych, and then *propname*'s for the night.
work 11-close and then going to see new moon with *propname*! i can't wait!
research, poster day, french class (je deteste), work 3:30 to close, then finally home. long day today.
out for the night i guess
one final down, two to go :)
research, un examen francais, work, and then home for the night.
this is just not my week
research meeting, school until 7:30, then *propname*'s house.
work 10 to close
two finals today then over to *propname*'s for the night.
guess whose place of work got broken into last night? that's right, mine.
christmas tea with the females of  my mom's family, then home to bake cookies. maybe out later.
research meeting and then home to study for finals. *propname*'s house later.
french 12:50 to 2:40 and then work 3:30 to close.  i seriously wish i could just skip all of it.
happy thanksgiving!!!
research, decorating christmas cookies, work 4-close and then *propname*'s for the night.
research, french class, and then possibly work? i don't know, no one told me!
baking pies and cleaning the house before going to a *propname* family christmas party!
so many cookies haha
running some errands maybe, cleaning my room and then playing band hero
research and then french class with awesome taped together glasses. woo.
going back to sleep!
studying for my french oral exam (hopefully my partner shows up), research, class til 7:30 and then *propname*'s house for the night.
i can't get into farmville :(
golf and alcohol don't mix and that's why i don't drink and drive- work 3:30 to close and then the movies with *propname*
research, classes til 7:30 and the to *propname*'s house to watch so you think you can dance and chopped.
mac and cheeeeese
sleepy time
studying and then work 3:30 to close
work 10-close and then home becuase i'm going to smell from the 450 pieces of bacon we have to make :(
i have to run errands but it's cold outside so i really don't want to.
work from 10 to 10
work 10-8 and then *propname*'x for the night
cleaning the house and getting a haircut. *propname*'s over later for christmas eve.
merry christmas!!!
work from 11:30 to 10. long day.
research, bank, home
class, research, class, home
going to see crazy heart ad go out to dinner in royal oak
volunteering and then lab time and then running errands.
research and more research and then work 3:30 to 11:00 where i will probably work on more research
waiting for *propname* to get out of school. i should probably do something productive with my time.
school til 5-ish then home to work on some homework
is a female who has the body of a goddess and the brain of a genius. men are drawn to her good looks and her awsome sense of humour. out of all the females in the world its the erins who rule. (urban dictionary)
working out, target, and the starting the immense amount of reading i have to do.
colloquia with lunch, research stuff, and then home to clean my room
research and then work 4-close
school til five then home to do homework and relax.
research and then work 3:30 til close
potatoes!
working 9:15 to close, then who knows
it seems like everytime i get used to facebook, they change everything around.