is watching "eraserhead".....this freaky boston weather today is perfect weather for david lynch film.
wants to punch mother nature in the face....rain, fog, and drizzle for a month?!
is wishing the williams sisters would lose to stosur//stubbs, but it doesn't look good.
is reading about polystrate fossils, uniformitarianism, and *propname*'s appointment to run the texas state education board....the more i learn the more horrified i become.
is attending a multi-country bar-b-que....me, one brit, one swiss, one french, a cuban american, a jewish american, one turk, and some hungarians...happy 4th!
just found out his sis and brother-in-law are mov'in to hawaii....uh yea.
creative block....schematic drawing due tomorrow....design gods please give me somethin' to work with!!!
big congrats to my friend laura from wayland and her partner beth who just got hitched on prince edward island.
is slow this morning getting to the gsd library for a day of study....neeeed cofffffeee.
jesus healed the sick and loved his enemies.....america rejects national healthcare and pours money into wars....hmmmm.
is in bed reading the "cultural landscape treatment report for the gropius house, lincoln, ma"....jawohl bauhaus!
doesn't want to finish his paper for class...grrrr.
is more wag, less bark today.
just got back from a shiva.
ambrosia artemisiifolia why are you so cruel?
chuck taylors, combat boots, or vintage prada penny loafers today?
off to gaslight for brunch then south end open studios to be artsy fartsy...........actually more artsy less fartsy.
is more bark, less wag today.
there's a sonic in massachusetts!!!
those who are tardy do not get fruit cup
just in from a fun fall night at the harvard//brown game...harvard won..go crimson!... down with the brown!
just elected to the hglc executive board tonite...very honored to serve the caucus.
snow flurries in suburbia.....what?!  so soon....argh!
"oath keepers" the latest conspiracy group diverting extreme conservatives from actually doing the people's business....i think william f. buckley, jr. just did a 360 turn in his grave.
someone just said to me "this font reminds me of you"
back in beantown after a nice vermont excursion
oh levi, levi, levi..you naughty boy
is not luvin' site engineering homework tonite
really wants a kinky for govenor 2010 poster
sad day....jeanne claude, wife of christo passed yesterday.  met them a couple of years ago in their soho studio...two of the most passionate artists i've ever had the pleasure meeting.
less than 24 hours and i will be free (academically) from grading landscapes, swales, sidewalks with pitches, slope, topography models, and designing cemetery sections....good bye site engineering...i won't miss you.
is doing a week of *propname*(who lives here at the schlesinger) posts in honor of the movie coming out on friday.
is watching the large amount of black sedans, suvs, and police heading toward the jfk library from my studio window.
is hungry for haggis
going to see newt gingrich speak thursday night at the kennedy school of government forum.........anyone have a good question i can ask him during the q and a?
friends in ma always say texas elects idiots, well now i have a come back...thanks *propname*.
is shaking his head wondering when some of his conservative christian friends became so hate filled that they will join any anti-obama group on facebook.