"holy haruhi, season 2's out?!"
a recent online exchange: other guy: "i have to imagine it's wholly possible that someone could understand humans so well, yet be completely unable to read, write, or do math.  in today's society, people like that would be shunned.  veritas if you can't r
has been accepted into grad school.  finally.
"the king of pop is dead, long live the, uh..."
3-hour exam tomorrow, then a day and a half (less if i drop into new york wednesday) to pack everything before driving out thursday to reach iowa on friday.  someone tell me i'm not insane, please.
passed his f//m exam.  huzzah!
is in ottawa.  illinois, not canada.
did the president just make a reference to the matrix?!
is watching the little league world series.
has found the u of iowa anime club.  there goes my gpa.
"40 years ago, armstrong said 'one small step for man'.  when can one of us go back there and shout, 'honey, i'm home!' or something?"
is going to go on a 1000 mile trip to iowa city tomorrow and friday.  this is going to be a long drive.
has just finished his first night at reffing.  much to improve on.
lit his fried chicken on fire and now has more stuff to clean.  great.
j-e-t-s jets jets jets!
wishes he had an actual bed (or even a mattress).  it'd make dealing with these suspiciously-flu-like symptoms easier.
recidivism (n.) - 1. committing new offenses after being punished for a crime.  2.  chronic repetition of criminal or other antisocial behavior. replace "criminal" with "stupid", and i think i've found my problem.
let's go rangers!
will have a miracle if he gets an 80 on today's midterm.
is putting the touches on his halloween costume.
probably failed another midterm.
hopes the geo-pol forum-based game doesn't get him perma-banned from japan.
s wireless internet keeps spazzing out every five minutes.  it's really annoying.  actually, it's more than annoying, but i haven't gotten angry enough to start using foul language.
has learned nothing from 20 years of school.
you weren't kidding, *propname*.
"and we keep driving into the night.  it's a late goodbye, such a late goodbye.  and we keep driving into the night.  it's a late goodbye-ai-ai-yai." staying overnight somewhere east of toledo.  wonder how bad i-80 will be tomorrow.
has finished watching "up".
has no more finals.  but it keeps going uphill.
has arrived at iowa and is settling into his new apartment.
whoa, ok, that was more emo than i had intended.  sorry to get you guys worried.  full details upcoming.
is trying to change.  long overdue, i suppose.
curse you, ucjas!!  now i'm hooked on *propname*!!  *shakes fist*
woo-hoo!  on to indy!  anyone care to place an over//under on how long it'll take for some sportswriter to mention namath or super bowl iii?
last night pretty much sums up my entire uchicago experience.  i don't regret going.  i regret screwing up the decisions made while there.
let's go, jets!  c'mon!
is in chicago for uchi-con.  and somehow got stuck watching a game room again.
is back from chicago.
j-e-t-s! jets! jets! jets!
my hat is off for the colts.