has finished cleaning the kitchen! that's the second one this week!
finished!! :d
has 1 essay left to write! and one to read through and amend where necessary! then it is all gedonen!
really can't be bothered with his last essay...
thinks the indians might be taking the humble food fight a little too seriously... http:////news.bbc.co.uk//1//hi//world//south_asia//8119591.stm
is excited about going to sark! as, whilst he hasn't worked out exactly how long he has to wait, he knows he will be going soon!
has just been stung by a bee and is in great discomfort
"twist it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby.."
is working away like a worker ant (proverbs 30:24-25) and has the caps lock on!
is regretting eating so much chocolate as he is feeling a tad ill...
is missing *propname*
used every piece of loo roll from one roll (obviously not in one sitting) for the first time ever!
has finished
just went on a 4 mile run and even though he walked a very little bit of it he is very pleased with himself!
whoops... bought myself everything i needed for a cooked breakfast tomorrow morning but accidently ate it for lunch... :s
had a cooked breakfast this morning! mmm!
is making soup!
is alive!
knows that a burning smell isn't the best sign of good cooking and is thus going to turn the heat down
is happy because he saw a lot of friends from stafford on saturday night and made a big bonfire!
thinks it is very cold to go out in shorts and t-shirt but is going running anyway!
the soup: the verdict type: vegetable appearance: fantastic texture: good taste: poor overall: edible but not pleasant summary: this is a great soup for looking at, it is full of colour, healthy vegetables and creaminess! if you are not hungry make this soup and you will feel good! however, if eating is your thing, this soup should be avoided. i have soup left for 3 meals - any takers? only p&p to pay! enjoy!
found that you can tell roughly where you are on the canal by the accents of the people who say hello!
has just attended his first parish council meeting!
regrets that he might have to dispose of his pumpkin (*propname*) as he is becoming a little furry and wonders if giving him a quick shave might do the job
is now a graduate
has a huge pile of washing!
why doesn't social interview ask me any questions... i feel very left out. :(
hasn't been outside yet today but is now going to post a letter to one lucky recipient!
is it just me or does anyone else feel in the mood for an abba sing along session?
is missing katie
realised at around 5 last night that he had nothing to offer to trick-or-treaters so he made toffee... but then nobody came.
is soon to become a member of the con club!! whoop!
no longer has a huge pile of washing
doesn't know where anyone is!
what a busy morning! we had a plumber, the cleaner a dog walker and the gardener all around all at same time!
is wondering how much tiffin cake he needs to eat to get one of his five a day fruit portions
thinks 3d glasses make the world a little bit more fun!
last night i went to a conference where the police were asking us to pray for them. lets pray for the police and our communities. god moves when his people pray.
apologises if he appears to be shouting or talking very loudly to people at the moment. he's getting used to talking to someone who is hard of hearing but keeps forgetting to talk normally to other people.
wants to know if anyone has borrowed an elf costume off him
is talking to *propname* :d
is off to practice being a shepherd
has been put on hold but is enjoying (dancing to) the music! :d
is moving yet more wood!
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay snooooooooooooooow!
may have just slipped over on the ice but thinks he got away with it by making it look like he was break dancing...
is heading home for christmas!
may have eaten a few too many sweets today...
is fighting to make it to the table football semis
finds it highly amusing that we are currently bringing the milk inside to warm it up in the fridge!
is about to start wrapping christmas presents!
is no longer talking to *propname* - but not in a bad way. just because it is impractical and expensive to talk on the phone continuously and because we both needed to do things.