likes the new spartan football promo video! :) i'm exited for football season!
"no more than 5 pages" is my new favorite phrase! :)
one page left then editing! and 24 + hours till the paper is due! score!!
is sad that tetris is not working! :(
is in desperate need of a social life!!! :(
hates writing papers.
hmmm....i uninstalled 1 tiny program and now i can do internet, and symantec works?! oh well, maybe my computer is not dying after all! :)
is on kiawah island having an amazing vacation with her favorite person!!
2 papers done! now time for the very last edits and a read-through by mommy! :)
yay band camp! i can't wait for friday!!
is frustrated and displeased with the way that the next few weeks are shaping up. mail.msu.edu doesn't make the situation any better. i'm sending a complaint!
thinks it would be nice to have a car! :p
is back in mi!!
is home in the oc!!
is way too excited for new moon!
somehow has to bs 5 pages of scientific paper about a frustratingly inconclusive field project and have sources to cite about it. fml
is le tired!
misses everyone in el!! i can't wait for preseason!!! :)
thinks there should be more time in the day and that mail.msu.edu is stupidly slow!
is so excited for freshman dress!!!!!!!
one more week of summer please!!!
yay clean laundry!!!! :)
is excited for gameday tomorrow!!!!! go state!!!!!
toga toga toga!!
is 3 weeks in and already tired of reading!!!!
is mostly unpacked and moved in! :)
is home and not ready to be back in the real world yet! ://
go state beat the badgers!!!!!!!
loves the smb!!!!!!!
is still waiting for mail.msu.edu, but is so excited to move into her new apartment on sunday!! :)
needs another weekend
back in el! call me!
thinks the best thing to ever happen to hot chocolate is *propname*'s special dark cocoa powder!!! :)
is moving to her new apartment in el!!!
had a great weekend, but is not ready for classes tomorrow!! ://
finally has finished her paper! :) still needs to be edited, but at least it's done!! :d
can't wait for later tonight!
has a long day but a fun night ahead of her!
tired tired tired, but come on out to the dance party at sparty watch tonight!!! 8-midnight!!
needs to find someone to live with next year!!!
.......so apathetic........
is excited for a weekend on a lake with friends!! :)
needs to find a good place for a nap! :)
midnight madness and then a few hours of sleep before spartan football!!
go state!!! beat the wildcats!!!!!!
best way to relax after a crazy morning: blanket and chopin
had a good weekend and is now tired!!!!
loves bid night!! :)
doesn't want to write her paper...
blah blah blah-blah blah blah blah
came out to campus to study, and forgot headphones!! how am i supposed to memorize music without headphones!!? :(
procrastination will get me in trouble one of these days.... :p
spartan spooktacular, 8pm kickoff against the gofers, and then halloween!!!
bored bored bored.....not ready for thursday! i don't have 2 tunes memorized!!! :(
drunk msu fans when i was biking home after the game: "oh, band fag coming through" i don't like to swear, but i had to bite my tongue to keep from either flicking them off or just simply saying "fuck you!"
today i saw an old woman walking across the bridge by sparty. she was wearing a bright aqua colored shirt. right behind her was a college guy wearing a t-shirt of the exact same hue. it made me smile! :p
just has to get to wednesday at 2:30 pm. then i'm home free!
was named very appropriately. *propname* means industrious//labor.
auto tune the news - the best way to waste time!!! :p
thinks conscientious is should be spelled more phonetically. maybe like: conchienchous...:p
is confused by the two different kinds of news feed.....
is not sure she wants to be done yet! go state beat the lions!!!!! i love my senior buddies! and i hope everyone's ready for a sob-fest!!!
would like to have more than 24 hours in a day!!
go state beat the lions!!!!!!
loves group projects! especially when i do 90% of the work! awesome!..... not!!!
thinks she may have to walk to class in the morning.... but still loves snow!!!!!!
just found the perfect internship - free housing, food stipend, working in a zoo for 40 hours a week getting a first hand look at all the veterinary stuff that i hope to be doing in a few years!!!!! :) i hope i get in!!!
hates writing papers!!!!!!! i don't know how english majors do it!
has had an amazing yet utterly unproductive weekend! :p
just realized how many projects//papers are due in the next 4 weeks! eek!! :(
just doesn't feel like working... how about sleep!? :)
has a great night planned!! state of 5ths concert and then fun night with her favorite old roomie!! :)
one more final left and then i'm done!! :)
is done with writing her paper! now i just have to edit it and start studying for finals! ://
tengo un gato!? if you know anyone who lives in berrytree and has a black cat that is missing, i have her!!!
1 1//2 pages done...this thing needs to be 10!!!! :(
girl 1: eeew! it's all blue and jiggly! girl 2: i can't get it out! ~i heard this today in the *propname* cafeteria relating to.... jello! :p
hopes that this evolution final goes as well as that tetris game did too! :p
kinda hopes that her finals go as well as that game of tetris just did! :p
is home in oc!!!!
i sent the kitty home! it was kinda fun to have a kitty cat for a day! :)
cookie dough + glee + packing to go home = a great afternoon!!!
shindig at my house at 7!! call for directions! :d
wishes everyone a very merry christmas *propname*!
book-faced hacked!!!! muahahahahaha
can't wait to go to texas!!!!! :d
doesn't want to study anymore!!
loves having her language preference as english (pirate)!!!!! arrrrggg matey!!
going to chicago! :)
loves snow!!!!! :)
thinks her mondays, wednesdays, and fridays this semester are going to be awesome! :) environmental physiology seems like a great class!! :)
has some pretty mighty senioritis, and apathy right now... but i bought a class ring today!!!! :d
is back in el, but not ready to start classes yet!! :(
can't wait for today to be over! then i'll have an application mailed, and be off to texas!! :)
now has pierced ears!! :) but i can't swim for 2 months!! :( sounds like i'm going to get to know the treadmill really well! :p
just got the best internship ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :d i'll be spending 5 weeks this summer shadowing and learning from zoo vets at the seneca zoo in rochester, ny!!!!! :d
dinner with *propname* and then i'm finally getting my ears pierced!!!! :d
go state beat the bobcats!!!!!
can't believe it. i wore my favorite bracelet and ring to 3rd degree today. real turquoise and silver, and come home, to realize that i lost the stone in the bracelet!!! :'( if anyone has seen it, please let me know!!!!
it's snowing!!!!!!! in kentucky!!!!!!! i guess it's about time for our biennial snowstorm! :d
thinks that if she doesn't find a faster way to get all her reading homework done this semester, she will go crazy!!!! ://
needs to focus!!!!!
thinks she needs more spontaneity in her life! last night was so much fun! going to uofm on a whim to see old friends! :d
was worried when she saw the new facebook layout page until she figured out how to get to tetris! she is ridiculously addicted to that game! :p
thinks break.com is the best website ever! :)
is listening to mice play and chat in her ceiling! ://
go state!!!!!!! woot!!!!!!!!! second year in a row!!!!!!!! nothing could make this day better!!!!
is sleeping :)
now has unlimited texting!! yessssss!!
it's snowing!!!!!! :d
thinks she was sleepwalking last night"...i don't remember wearing this when i went to bed..."
you know i've been busy when i haven't played tetris in 3 days! :p
is going to be reading textbooks for the rest of her life! :( only 1 chapter of neurobio left, then 2 chapters to catch up in euk. cell bio, and then 2-3 in environmental phys.... oh goodie... ://