roar
is well and festive and taking advantage of summer.
i love *propname*
is on his way to a wedding in the beautiful peace garden state.
is looking through west to east.
needs to take fewer joys for granted
is variably responsible
is disorganized and excited for a weekend wedding adventure
is watching the perseid meteor shower the next two nights.
is spending the holiday drifting down the huron.
can smell school approching
was chased by veloceraptors for a good hour, at least.
passed a family of ducks, two squirrels, a chipmunk, a raccoon, and a bassoonist on his way to the laundry room.
prioritizes the human over the applied, with mixed results.
stretched
is water-shedding it up and bonfireing it down.
celebrated dusk with the bats of *propname*
is designing a mausoleum.  go halloween.
spent monday night in a plie of leaves, 150 feet above lake superior.
grows less responsible with time.
needs to work on discipline, decisiveness, and time.
spent the evening in an awesome blanket fort, has a thanksgiving potluck tonight, birthday dinner tomorrow, and crazy canadian adventure over the weekend :d
thank you, all, for you birthday wishes, and may the holiday bring you peace.
, unexpectedly, really enjoys waking up insanely early to work.
while we might get two, the west coast will get 6 to 9, and my jealousy of lake effect snows grows ever greater.
the leonid meteor shower, with up to 5000 meteors a night this year, is peaking monday night from roughly 11 pm until 4 am on tuesday  :-d
will be fighting with computers continuously for at least the next week.
in the final throes of archland
is always surprised at how many building materials are made from cyanide, formaldehyde, and uric acid.
just wants to be settled in a great many things.
has had an amazing and adventurous holiday, full of games and leftovers and hitchhiking.
is glad to be.
argh.
is full up of memories of forested shrines, crashing beaches, and one very long, very windy road.
is monsterballin' (*propname* is awesome!), then off to a weekend of rockin' out with siblings and relaxing in giant blanket forts.
is settling down for the end of an amazing summer.
is work, school, firepit, manhattan, school.
is back to school
has three bucks, two bags, one me.
should get in to ithaca sometime before morning, and spend the rest of the weekend with amazing people and eccentric 3d models.
is jittery over tchnological complexity and impending deadlines.