ph'nglui mglw'nafh? c'thulhu r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!
gi gutom ko dah,.
i'm hungry na,.
history of psychology,.
weee. kita a ko ug ma ojthan. :d
wahhhh,. di na ko. hurot na jud ako kwarta aning ai. huhuhu
annotated indexes,.
deadtime stories.
asa man nako ma kit.an ang malleus maleficarum?
readings galore. :d
once uppon a nightmare. :d
pewter city gym rocks! (with grund type pokemon)
not in the mood to do anything, pwede ra ko mu stay in a corner?
di na nako ma kaya. labad na kaayu akong ulo.
hahayz,. nag huwat sa reply. t_t
still hoping wla mi class. :p
loser mode. hahaha
kapoy na,. t_t
hapit ko naligsan sa truck, usa ka dako nga truck, hapit ko naligsan sa dako nga truck sa cnu. hahaha :p
take care of yourself oi,. :d
the internet is soooooo slow. pirmi ko ma dc.
pewter city gym rocks! (with grund type pokemon) hahaha. para nalang jud di ko mka huna2 ug di maayu nga butang.
wla na koi kwarta
is making his report.
i'm going off the grid sa. kapoy na ko.
really needs comfort food...
wed,.
guitar hero linaw. :d
lingaw ako report sa 109. yey :p
bahala na. wla jud ko sure kung ma.o ba ni ako report. :(
hold you in my arm, just want to hold you in my arms.
¿?q ???? ??,?m ??? s???? ?sn???q ??? ?o pu???? ?? ??,no? ?sn???q ????s i p?no?s? ka jemma. nag emote2 sa ulan.
hungry, and need to make annotated indexes again. :c
confused
wla man siya narparamdam. ka mingaw sa cell. :c
i'm still sad. :c
kushala daora nasd.
i'm wasted. :c
gi gutom ko.
kapoy
humana ang class for the day. ai nasd ang himu.on.
na.a na jud koi beta key! salamat hans. :d *propname*
eating a 3 day old burger,. yes ingana na jud ko ka desperado. gutom. p.s. maynta di ma da.ot ako tiyan ani. :p
no more uhmmms for me. :c
ais all over again
they say loving you gives pains and full of sacrifices but i'll rather take pains and lots of sacrifices than not to be love by you.
statistics show that people who have the most live the longest!
done na jud sa ppt. histo psyc nasd.
ai count 15... 17 more to go.
statistics show that people who have the most birthdays live the longest!
will play company of heroes. : )
"banana cures your hangover. hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects."
cige go,. hehehe uie *propname* , european film festival sa ayala, maybe na.ai psyc related movies you could let your students watch. libre siya, first come first serve seating. :d
"banana cures your hangover. hangover symptoms like headache, nausea, and sensitivity to light and sound are largely due to dehydration, hypoglycemia and toxic overload. bananas' unique nutrient combination works synergistically to combat these effects... banana... bow"
while slogging along in the swamp, dragonianus came upon a strange looking patch of wet sand.   dragonianus made a wisdom check with a difficulty of 9 . . . and rolled 16   recognizing it immediately as quicksand, dragonianus decided to take an alternate route. it meant more walking but a lot less dying.
just finished counseling report! :p 23 ai's to go. hahaha
18 more. another one down
shot one down. 19 more to go.
*propname* and sushi. :d
carpe diem. :c
i relly thought.... :c (my self esteem is 6 feet under nah) *sigh
hold you in my arms. i just wanted to hold you in my arms. *propname*. :p
my first epic fail. :p
just tried kimchi and suchi! :d
i am soooo good, but still depressed. tinu.od jud .di nga pointless ang pag lunod sa imo sorrows kai kahibaw ghapn siya mu langoy. :c quote: i wish i was a kid again, because skinned knees are easier to fix then broken hearts.
nakakuha na jud ko ug beta key! salamat *propname*. :d
humana jud ko sa annotated. :d
nag ulan nasd, so long, my luckless romance.
for all sad words of tongue        and pen, the saddest are these, "it might have been" :c
for all sad words of tongue        and pen, the saddest are these, "it might have been"
"agay!" dugay na kaayu ko wla ka ingon ana nga word.
there are battles you fight is silence because you know that speaking up, saying something or doing something. . will probably make you lose...
i am soooo good, but still depressed. tinu.od jud .di nga pointless ang pag lunod sa imo sorrows kai kahibaw ghapn siya mu langoy. :c
suddenly i  am struck with a deep sadness. i dont understend... :c
super mingaw kaayu. :c since i have a lot of free time in my hands right now i'm plannin something nice for next year. well i hope (enter name here) finds it nice... heres to hoping. :c
somethings not right...
i really thought.... :c (my self esteem is 6 feet under nah) *sigh
i may not understand you fully but i learn something new about you everyday. thats all that matters. :d
in your face ai's,. humana jud tanan. hahaha
ni abot na jud sa point nga i'm actually dreaming about missing her. hahaha lol kaayu
dili ko emo. gi mingaw ra ko nimo so mag drama2 ko. wla kai ma hemz kai kahibaw ko busy ka... *bow
love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind , and therefore is winged cupid painted blind.
its hard to enjoy with other people when you know theres only one person you need to enjoy everything, its harder when that person wants to enjoy everything with someone else. :c
bored,. nag sayang2 nalang ko ug kwarta para lang na.ai mabuhat.
lingaw nga day. :p
yesterday was not a very good day.
que blesse la chair purifie l'âme, ce que blesse l'âme fortifie la résolution.
ug sa dihang wla na koi duty for 3 days. hahaha ma.o na nah akong christmas break.
(*gabi.e) lighting of the giant christmas tree, fireworks, dinner. = fun :) may the circumstances repeat itself again,. :d
the internet, she is verry lag today. :(
lets align timeframes in view of a merger with mutual cross linking benefits.
alone... :c
the deepest principle of human nature is the craving to be appreciated... the flaming urge for the feeling of importance.
good night. i hope tomorrow will be better. :c
humana ang midterms, ai's nasd. hahaha
"every treachery, great or small, begets a spirit that rages at the injustice. given the opportunity, each will return that treachery to its owner tenfold."
car je étant pauvre ai seulement mes rêves. je place mes rêves sur vos pieds, marche doucement pour vous marchent sur mes rêves.
le principe le plus profond de nature humaine est le désir ardent à être apprécié... le besoin flambant pour un sentiment d'importance.
please pray for *propname* (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). she had an accident and she has blood-clot. she is currently undergoing operation at cebu doc hosp. thank you. [-from a reliable source.]
please pray for *propname* (our 1st yr psyc friend and officer). she had an accident and she has blood-clot. she is currently undergoing operation at cebu doc hosp. thank you.
"i believe in fantasies invisible to me in the land of misery i'm  searchin' for the sign to the door of mystery and dignity i'm  wandering down,  and searchin' down the secret sun..."
gonna give her a back scratcher for valentines. get well soon mum.