rejects your reality and substitutes his own.
why? i am.
"i'm sorry, i'm about to lose you because i'm about to drive into a tunnel in a canyon on an airplane while hanging up the phone." - house
is sad that he missed out on fun to go work for ~7+ hours
it will be hot for the next few days, but it looks like we should be getting a denser cloud of percipitation coming over san diego soon which should help cool things down a few degrees. but don't hold me to it i'm not an actually meterologist so my interpertation of the satalite imagery might be off a little.
thinks that sleep is a good idea and who ever invented sleep deserves a cookie. a big cookie. with chocolate chips. fresh from the oven. back to my point, sleep = good.
first day of school = tired + scared for when real work comes.
is amazing of course, and the apples to apples champion.
never relized how tiring it is to be social for exstended periods of time.
is watching reruns of house on hulu. house rocks, and when he comes back in two weeks we will see how much worse the crazy people are when house goes at them.
is excited that he was able to perdict the weather by properly interperting satilite imagery!!
wins! take that malmal
is going to be full of himself for no real reason for the next couple of hours. he also made really good chocolate chip cookies, from scratch by hand.
just got a shot in his ass for his headache, that works like how he imagines works like vicodin for house's leg. minus the addictive part that is. basicly *propname* is in a good mood now that he isn't in pain.
i have my car back!! *does happy dance* no one witnessed that.
is praying for a phone call from the doctors saying the neurologist accepted his referal and will see him soon.
was at uc yesterday and apologizes if he seemed a little out of it today. they gave him another pain shot.
just spent a half hour ductaping a tin can only to through it out. then spent about an hour playing with ductape, and made pouch that he will never use. *propname* feels really cool right now. :)
"i just want you to know that i'm saying something brilliant. i'm just not explaining it very well."
has the systems for higher brain function and complex thought offline at the moment. we apologize for any incovience. (such as the spelling of this update)
mr. frosty, that is the grand finish of a good summer.
has decided that the laws of physics must not apply to his project. one side takes 21.59 seconds to drain water to the other side. the other side takes fron 58.9 seconds to 80.4 seconds to empty. the same results happen over and over with no explanation
"just because i know everything doesn't mean i'll be telling you anything true."
s mind has decided to check out for a while. it left a note saying it should be back around 11 am tomorrow.
s head would explode if his skull wasn't being hammered on by numerious sledge hammers. needless to say my headache has decided over the counter painkillers only make it more angry.
"... and then i have a witty response." -house
i'm on call, to be there.
"its only illegal if you get caught, assuming you're stupid enough to get caught in the first place"
feels the need to say something deep and profound, but its very late and he is tired from his workout today. with those conditions this is the best he's got.
does all his status updates in 3rd person. this will likely never change.
is exhausted, stressed, and is having an awarding winning bad luck streak in terms of things going his way. but for whatever reason was nominated for the homecoming courts.
is tired and probably sick but likes to stay positive and think its just allergies(pretty sure thats spelled wrong too). but had an amazing time at a murder mystery party being the main investigator, and was close to getting the right answer but didn't have enough information. he also intends to finish polishing an essay for english that is way longer than any essay really has the right to be.
just washed a paper plate so that he could use it for something else. it would have been easier to just grab a new one right next to him.
has probably, most likely, lost what ever symbolance of a mind he once held.
"she only drinks coffee at midnight. when the moment is not right, and her timing is quite, unusual."
made the most amazing burritos for dinner and feels sad that he can't finish them and enjoy their great deliciousness anylonger...
6k+car break down+friday the 13th=me feeling superstious. 6k=fail=me tired
is awsome. period.
got his hair cut at 2 today. he just now hopes that he can replicate the hairstyle half as well as the stylist.
s brain feels tired. stupid sat making be sit in a room for 4 hours when it should only take 2 1//2
is tired and his pupils are still dominating each respective iris. can anyone say super night vision?
just reliezed that devouring chinese food the night before a 6k test isn't the best choice of foods to have consumed if he wanted to do well on the test.
saw the mouse trap! it was positively amazing!!! great work to everyone!!
woke up from sleeping over 13 hours about a 1//2 hour ago.
s sister ate 5x's more than he did, she is 5"5 and 112lbs, in her first sitting than he did the entire meal.
watched transformers ii with *propname*, has a neuro appointment tomorrow and can't find the headache log. made pretty good pastries, will have them perfected when the next batch is made.
black friday shopping+ *propname*= fun black friday +waking up = 3hours of sleep yet somehow am oddly awake even if i've already had a full day before noon.
got to sleep in like an hour only to wake up at 4. black friday shopping with *propname*!!
hears whale calls. literally, there is a nature video playing in the backround.
has the words "merry christmas" written in rope lights hung in the front window of his house.
"oh the weather outside is frightful"
still has glitter stuck on his fingers. thanks *propname* :)
rawwaarwaarr!!!
feels the sleepy, its not even late yet.
hid in the closet for the majority of the day
hung out at *propname*'s today, wrapping presents, then went to the park and played on the swing sets. can anyone say awesome??
riverside is a strange and wonderious, mostly strange, place were when you show up at noon you are required to murder avocados and eat dinner at 3:30. merry christmas world, i'm stranded with my family.
saw pictures of his brain slice by slice. has mild brain damage from his headaches and migraines, non-lethal so, !!!!!! happy!!!!!!!!!
if you're wondering if i want you to, i want you to. so make a move, 'cause i ain't got all night.-weezer
s head is better finally.
loves his mind, hates his head.
is eating dinasour oatmeal!!
thank you world. now if you don't mind, i'm going to get some sleep. its a new decade, that makes us humans tired.
i have serenity in blue-ray. its really really cool.
is making better than sex cake. it better be, it certainly costs enough.
santa isn't bringing me presents this year. he sent mal and river to do it, i don't think he considered the noise factor of serenity though. (if any of you get the extreeeemly geeky reference i'm making, just smile and accept that every year i wish for firefly to start up again)(hint, hint, santa)
i harbor a strong distaste for 6ks
1 honest answer. you can ask me one question (send it to my inbox ) any question. no matter how awkward it can be, i'll answer it honestly. there's no catch but i dare you to post this as your status and see what people ask you.
had a great time tonight!!
"its only illegal if you get caught, assuming you're stupid enough to get caught in the first place"
"you don't seem to annoy me as much as usaul, but are you sure thats a deficite??"
i hate the new facebook. it sucks.
there are two kinds of people who sit around think about murder all day.
bets you can't guess what he is doing right now. be appropriate.
act + taco surf + lazer tag = one exhausted mind