haha... too bad i don't know my own schedule... let's try work till 6:15 then something with the fiance :)
work till seven, then something with the fiance... :)
work till 7 and looking foward to spending time with the love of my life tonight and maybe even sharing a delicious meal of the new volcano nachos from taco bell. haha.
is making an attempt to brief a few cases while waiting for *propname* to get off work so she can talk to him... i think i'm actually going to like law school, but i wish my love could be here with me! i miss him :(
little more reading, chatting with my love, then sleep... :)
finishing up packing, then heading to richmond.
only two more days at home, then off to richmond on tuesday.  where did the time go!?
had a great day... working on piddly stuff... shower... waiting to talk to *propname*.  :)
thinks it's wild that after all this time she still misses *propname* like crazy just for the two of them to go to work!  what am i gonna do when i leave for school!?! ahhh..
hunting license = $18, case of shells = $21, getting to hunt opening day of dove season with my love = priceless.  awesome weekend, miss my darlin' already.  now it's school work time...
surprise!  mama and daddy are coming up and bringing some of my things!  good thing i got up early and managed to be very productive this morning.  now, getting ready and spending the afternoon getting partially moved into my apartment.
briefing cases for property while i'm waiting for *propname* to get off :)
work 12-7...
long day of classes//library time... but.... *propname* is coming to see me tomorrow :)  so everything is good.
watching valkyrie, then sleep....  glad derick is off for a while after tonight!
waiting on my darlin' to get here.  :)
i love comcast "on demand" exercise videos!  just discovered them.  i can be a hip hop dancing machine all alone right in my very own living room. haha, embarassing.
i couldn't focus and *propname* was really annoyingly antsy, so we decided to take a walk and we both feel much better.  now shower and memo-writing time...
after a great weekend at home, i'm hitting the books for a while, then sleep...
working on my memo... yuck..
civ pro, property, and torts... my three fun new friends.... :)
twiddling my thumbs and waiting for the law library to open.  embarrassing.
reading property and loving every minute :)
curled up on the couch watching movies with *propname* :)
civ pro for monday, then home for the weekend :)
finished my memo!  sleep time, then heading home tomorrow for *propname*'s wedding this weekend!!
is ready to go home for fall break on thursday...
oh boy... a weekend filled with fun law school assignments.
exciting about going home tomorrow for the weekend :)
finally got an apartment!! now, i must focus, focus, focus the next two days so i can spend most of the rest of my week with *propname*//getting my apartment straight!!  great to have something to look forward to making it easier to get motivated..
clean apartment... clean puppy dog... now showerin' then fixin' spaghetti to have for lunch this week...
is excited about going home today for fall break... :)
me and *propname* miss *propname*....
oh happy day. it's so nice being at school and knowing *propname* (& *propname*) will be there when i get home. it just makes everything nicer!! :)
is wishing her sister, *propname*, a happy 19th birthday!!
coffee, memo-writing//editing, and grey's//private practice...
is putting together a breakfast casserole to bake for breakfast in the morning and waiting on *propname* to get here.. :)
outlining property all day... *propname*'s coming to see me tonight so that's a great motivation to get my work done!!! :)  can't wait to see him!!!
lots to be happy about--- my standard 9:00-6:00//300 mins of class monday at the law school is over, my apartment is totally unpacked, and *propname* is coming to visit!
like everyone else, my poor *propname* is sick... wish i was there to take care of him... :(
just cut *propname* trying to give her a little trim... :(  i'm taking it worse than she is... poor baby...  now *propname* and i are going to grab us a bite to eat, then i'm trapping him in my apartment cuz he's not allowed to leave tomorrow.
*propname*'s gone home and i will be studying the next two days for a scary property midterm on thursday that will be worse than going to the dentist----then i have a dentist appointment right afterward.... basically i'm doing something i don't usually do and that is sulking and feeling really sorry for myself.  but, home on thursday after the exam//dentist appt.!!! :)
is a sleepy girl... curling up in the bed with miss gigi to read a book, chatting with my love, and then sleeping as long as i want to.  i love not having friday classes.
will hot chocolate make me feel better?
had to go ahead and cook some chili after *propname* made it sound so good... homework and crossing my fingers for mcdonnell, bolling, and cuccinelli!
taking *propname* for a walk and then attempting to write this memo...
ahhh... this is beautiful *propname*... i have so many true, yet politically incorrect things to say, but will instead keep them to myself...
*propname* just broke her collar when i took her out... with broad street right outside i only had a minor panic attack.
today is one of those "i don't like law school..." days.  my solution= pretending that i'm not in law school for the rest of the day... tv time.
went to the doc.... it's not h1n1, just a bad case of hayfever... benedryl and rest for me...
"you better stop wining, pining, get your dreams in line and just  shine, design, refine until they come true. and you’d better get to living" - *propname*
"to take from one because it is thought that his own industry and that of his father's has acquired too much, in order to spare to others, who, or whose fathers have not exercised equal industry and skill, is to violate arbitrarily the first principle of association -- the guarantee to every one of a free exercise of his industry and the fruits acquired by it."~*propname*
can't breathe out of either one of my "noses" (as my sister used to call them)
well my first class was cancelled because the professor thinks her whole family has come down with h1n1, so i'm trying to be productive anyway....
class, back to the apt. to pack, pickin' up a few necessities at bass pro, dentist, then home for the weekend!! :)
also, happy xxrd birthday to my mama!
oh my gee willikers----i do not like writing memos...
so, just about everyone on my friend list is highly upset that it's monday; but i know that once i get through this "9-6 in class + homework after that"  monday, my week is nearly over... plus home on thursday for fall break!!!!  it's going to be a great week, i can just feel it!
was astoundingly productive today... chipping away is a lot better method than sitting around trying to figure out how to tackle the whole mountain!
life is way too short and way too good to stress out or worry... :)
memo is over--- going to get something done to my hair, then cleaning the apartment and going out with *propname* for a little early birthday celebration!
so as i was driving to school this morning, belting "my baby loves me just the way that i am" into my coffee mug... i realized for the 500th time this week just how much i love life...  can't wait to go home tomorrow and spend lots of time this week with my *propname* and my family!
c-span is unbelievable... the house is a zoo this morning....  rep. dingell is being a very unfair kindergarten teacher over an unruly class...
tuesday is here!! home after my property class... happy birthday to my meme myrtle (my grandma) who is 80 years old today!!! :)  she's the best and i'm so lucky she's my grandma!
cleaning the apartment...
*propname* and *propname*'s wedding went great! i'm so happy for them!!!   wish i had my sd card earlier so i could have taken more pics...  now, in richmond and back to the real world... missin' my darlin'...
ohh, cleaning then reading for school... all the while just thinking about how much i can't wait to go home on thursday!  lots of time with my one and only, hunting, and all the fun and good people that go along with both!  can not wait.
had enough of this memo today, almost done! reading a good book until sleep... can't wait until home on tuesday... it's going to be a great week!
coffee, christmas cookies, civil procedure and christmas movies... :)
back in richmond after a great thanksgiving break... missing my darlin' already...  can't wait to get through these next 3 weeks and have my first semester of law school behind me... :)
so good to be home!  planning to get a few things accomplished today and then going to see my love after he gets off work!
back in richmond, reading for classes tomorrow and getting ready for the week.. can't believe i only have 2 full weeks of classes left of the semester....
oh future interests.... you defeat me.  professor berryhill, i admit that you are god, please have mercy on my poor, ignorant, 1l soul...
is wondering why her attention span is so pitiful... must... pay... attention...
has had a great week with my darlin'.... :)  it's gone by way too fast... now, hunting with daddy till *propname* gets off at 5:00...
civ pro outlining and watching the pelican brief... and before you think "she shouldn't be watching a movie".... it's a movie about the law and a law student, it definitely qualifies as studying in my book.... :)
in the final 2 week stretch!!
snowing in richmond...
so i really have a final tomorrow... i think that's finally starting to set in.
studying torts----missing *propname*...
property midterm = over,  life = good,  me = packing up, dentists appt., home.
*propname* and i have successfully added a new trick to our list... playing dead!  we're excited!  :)  and we can't wait to show it off to *propname* when he gets here! <3
fried taters for supper... :)
law school... you are not too much fun today... december 18th, please come soon...
*propname* and i went to blockbuster to get a couple movies... we both said we'd been wanting to see four christmases, so we got it... turns out we watched it together last year. haha...  a tradition in the making?  teriyaki pork sirloin and stir fry for dinner... love having him here <3
so *propname* just ate the end of my highlighter... i think that means she wants me to stop studying...
went to eat some mexican food, now fixing some homemade hot cocoa and watching movies with *propname*... <3
so i decided that personally thanking everyone for the birthday wishes was probably blowing up too many people's news feeds... so thanks to everyone!  <3<3<3
r.i.p. orange highlighter.... that makes the score: highlighters-0; *propname*-2
memo-writing...
ready for thursday afternoon when i get to go home and see my darlin'!
working on being more positive and proactive...
come 12:30, i will be done with property!  :)
i feel like i lose my best friend everytime *propname* leaves to go back home :(  can't wait till friday when i get to go home, too.
my goodness, how i hate civil procedure...
showing this memo who's boss... :)
so glad to be home :)
whoa... way too sleepy, way too early... cookies and hot chocolate time.... :)
one final exam is behind me, my wonderful parents surprised me and came up for the evening, and *propname* is coming up tomorrow....  :)  i'm a happy girl.  <3
dear god, i know you've got a lot going on with jesus' birthday coming up and all, but i need you to take this civil procedure exam for me in the morning.  i know you take all of my exams for me, but i really need ya in an extra special sort of way for this one. oh and  one more thing, please hold off the snow until i can make it home....
okay so why am i here going through a long day of classes and feeling stressed and overwhelmed instead of at home happily hunting with my love???  oh yea, i want to finish law school and be a lawyer... i want to finish law school and be a lawyer... just have to keep telling myself that.  haha.
taking miss *propname* to get groomed, then studying for my last exam on friday... can't wait for friday at 12:30!!!!  :)
work 10-7, then to see my *propname*.
one more class, then meeting up with mama to go wedding dress shopping :), then home for the weedend!
another week almost over?  my, how they seem to fly! :) can't wait for next week when *propname* is here and we can celebrate his birthday!
i don't know what's worse... constitutional law or having it at 8:40?
hates that *propname* is leaving today, but had a great weekend and am excited he will be right back on thursday!!! :)
well... my elaborate surprise plan to take *propname* to see *propname* for his birthday has been canceled due to the weather.... but i'm still looking forward to the snowy weekend and we're just going to have to wait until april to see *propname*.  :)
congrats to *propname* and *propname*.  *propname* has a new little baby niece, *propname*!!  (she'll be mine, too, shortly!!)
i got the prettiest wedding dress in the whole wide world!  was browsing through the racks and turns out the first dress i came to that caught my attention was the one i had picked out online and been looking at ever since last june!  tried a bunch on, but ended up with that one.  :)  how exciting!
summer job interview tomorrow... :)  hoping it'll be my first and last!!
not at all enjoying *propname* being on 2nd shift when i'm home for the weekend :(
abandoning the library which could almost be confused with an ice box and going to grab some lunch with jessica... :) then back for a couple more classes...
trying out the new reading glasses, not sure how i feel about them...
wishing my fiance a happy, happy birthday!!  i love you darlin' and hope you have a wonderful day!
got a paid (as opposed to the increasingly popular unpaid) j-o-b in a law firm!  starting next friday, i'll work fridays until school is out, then full time for the summer!  that and having a snow day all rolled into one makes today a great day...  :)
yay for an official snow day!! :) but still have that job interview as far as i know, so don't get to stay in the bed and watch tv all day.... :(
oh thank goodness i have monday night tv to look forward to :)  gotta love <3 abc family :)