is up and down in the wsop cash games... and he just finished reading brave new world by *propname* & death by black hole by *propname*.  both books were good.
is playing the main event today, day 1b
out of the main event... my 11k didn't make it far into day 2.  i've been playing cash games non-stop for the last two days though.  probably going to play again today... now that i'm out, planning to come to *propname*'s wedding
read *propname*'s "check raising the devil" in one sitting and enjoyed it.  an honest look into his life, and glimpse into the sometimes fun and sometimes dark side of vegas & gambling.  also watching "the universe" dvd set still... it's amazing.  if you lik
has left the country.  enough poker at the wsop, time to travel around a bit!
is back in vegas, ready to win the main event! ... not really b//c i'm never going to win a tournament.  hopefully i can take down a few $$$ anyways =)
has started doing hot yoga, and really enjoys it.  i think i'll make it a habit!
back from vid's wedding.. it was a blast!  congratulations to them both.  i am ready for some more high stakes gambling in las vegas.  one time!
is leaving manila in a few hours for nice, france...
is a little sick of poker... been playing fallout 3 a lot last few days instead of poker all day... =)
is chillin in boracay at the shangri-la.  this place is beautiful!  i just got out of farm country in the philippines, and got massacred by mosquitoes.  need a few days of sun and relaxation to recover.  =)
is playing the ftops main event in his hotel in nice... trying to stay patient tho i'm tired from a day of travelling and just want to sleep.  tomorrow i go for a week on a yacht... more r&r + fun people + a whole lotta gambling... sounds like a slice of heaven.
is posting this from 30,000 feet above the surface of the earth, somewhere over nebraska in an airplane.  wow, what an amazing world we live in!
wow... so many cool stories... boats r fun i'm now in cannes for the tournament coming up in a couple days.  ... getting a little homesick, been gone almost 2 months
did full-fledged bikram for the first time (a 90-minute class as opposed to the 60 minute classes i had already done)... and it was hard!  damn, i feel great now though =)
is thinking maybe he needs to go visit peeps at some point in cali now that he's single and has no excuse not to.  holla san francisco & san diego =)   ... just gonna add that to my todo list here... get around to that at some point... (wow im hopeless)
has a big bet on the wsop final table... i bet on *propname* to win vs *propname* to win against *propname*.  any other winners is a tie. i figure *propname* is about 3:1 & *propname* is about 7.5:1 i loooove my bet right now (no odds!)  i wanted to book more action last night vs *propname* when i saw him at the bellagio, but he doesn't like his side anymore.  ship the ev kidd!!!!!
feels like doing things is hard.
wow - i just played cod4mw2 all night with 3 buddies... i felt like i was back in college
thanks to my mom for an amazing feast... i just crashed out afterwards and caught up on 15 hours of sleep.  now i'm up early in poway and ready to go!  who's out there???
15k at bellagio today... off to the races
just went paintballing in sd... always a great time!  the bruises go away after a few days, but the memories of capping your friends last a lifetime.
thanks to the beauty of anythingyouwantdelivery.com ... i have callofduty4mw2 on the way right to my place right now, for just a small delivery charge (along with some chipotle)... i've been hearing amazing things about it (best fps since counterstrike)... and i might have to do a little gaming
what a night last night... my liver took one for the team
is on a mission in the gym.  my body is changing daily, and i feel and think better then i have in a while.  exercise: the only healthy drug!
is currently reading fooled by randomness... today i put my book down in the midst of a reverie at my airplane window and felt as if my brain were a  bad sieve, realizing that i was bound to forget most of the wonderful things i was reading... if only i could remember everything useful that i've learned and forgotten.
does not know anything about the destruction of any rvs outside of las vegas in the desert.
current favorite song: chainside - i would die for you (club mix)
back in san diego for xmas
is a relatively short stack going in to day 3 of the bellagio 15k tourney... about to leave to go play now.
finished fooled by randomness... it's an excellent book that i would recommend to anyone.  i'm now 80 pages into chaos by *propname* and am enjoying it.  go reading!
thinks backgammon is fun!!
is up a little too early in the morning (9:30am)... and doesn't know what to do with himself.  i think i'm going to get some quality reading time with chaos (*propname*)... btw there is a scale for the quality of your reading (how focused//distracted//tired, etc...), and right now i think my reading will be pretty solid
is stoked bc a big grocery store, a nice gym, and a pinkberry (best after workout carbs ever..) are all within 1 block of my penthouse in ipanema.  not to mention the beach is a few blocks away.  i am about to go to all those places and then the beach... i'm in heaven
what a beautiful life... my family, my friends... amazing. if i could have one "genie in the bottle" wish, not including any kind of life extension, i think i would take perfect knowledge.  i.e., complete knowledge of everything already known and possibly knowable to the human mind (excluding future events)
taking care of last minute business... because tomorrow i'm going to brazil =)
missed my connecting flight from atlanta to rio last night, i now have to spend 24 hours in atlanta to catch the same flight later today.  it's under freezing here, and i have no long-sleeve tops and a single pair of jeans.  hello hotel room!  time for movies!  i think i might be coming down with a cold too... wow, i hope it's a quick one that just goes away.
is finally in brazil after 2 whole days of travelling
just rolled out of bed, not sure what the plan for the day is yet.  but who really cares?  i'm just happy to be going along for the ride
wow i enjoy watching good movies... just watched "house of sand & fog", an older movie... excellent.  emotionally very powerful. and avatar in 3d on imax like a week ago, also excellent but for many different reasons. it is fine with me for a movie to excite your imagination instead of your emotions.
back in vegas... time to make victory poker a reality
i think i just spent about 45 hours in the last week playing a video game.  mass effect 2 was awesome, but i am glad to have my life back.  still hitting the gym hard.
wow, i got d-r-u-n-k last night... hangover in full effect.  mike gets in today, and i think we are all going to the lake.  i might actually get a little sun... don't worry i'll have sunscreen =)
wow... mass effect 2 just arrived.  //life