quote from a christian fundementalist idiot: "can you prove your point or are you just going to spout out evidence all day?"
has renamed his ipod: *propname*
*propname* fails.
is quite liking girls aloud
ahhhhhhh! raisins!
toblerone, darth vader? and then you stab him.
there's a flying hooker watching you hug.
what have you got against baboons in mime?
big red button! http:////www.milaadesign.com//bigred.html
computers have feelings too. http:////www.collegehumor.com//article:1752773
only *propname* can win "the game"
a bag o' weed, a bag o' weed. oh, everything is better with a bag o' weed.
is watching looney tunes!
sex, drugs, rock 'n' roll and cookies!
how many people aren't using their *propname* ticket?
what does the mango smoothie taste like? does it taste like oranges?
is nearly in 40th awake hour.
i have my lip pierced!
what flavour do your chihuahuas come in?
napalm is nature's toothpaste.
there must always be a clown!
blonde, blonde, blonde, blonde, blonde!
auuughh! my kindeys! the buttery shrapnel! it burns!
back from a frances!
as everyone else is... any else got rosemary white as a tutor?
dolphins can see the future with perfect clarity. that's why they're always screaming!
bubbles!!
senor balloony-head sponsors *propname*!!
i am going to call my kids ctrl, alt and delete. then if they mess up i will just hit them all at once.
*propname* can win a game of connect four in only three moves.
5 'a*'s, 5 'a's, 2 'b's. (for people who i haven't talked to yet.)
vodka-time.
is converting to pastafarianism. worship his noodleyness!
is bored as hell, so interesting people must talk to me.
sobering up tonight, from a 2 week drinking spree!
i want *propname* the antelope.
tennis is a fickle sport. no matter how good you are at it, a wall will always be better.
"what the hell is that, *propname*?" "dunno. some kind of cat dinosaur."
has a brilliant plan: vodka pie!
"today, i was thinking about the expression 'revenge is a dish best served cold'. then i considered that 'revenge is sweet'. i've come to the conclusion that revenge is ice cream. mlia"
is not drunk, just posessed by a highly retarded ghost.
bored of blonde. is now purple.
when life gives you lemons, you burn them with your homemade flamethrower!
"hardcore dancing" - it looks like epileptic kids trying to swim.
http:////notalwaysright.com//when-mood-swings-attack-part-2//522 last line especially funny.
life is like a grapefruit. it's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside, wet and squidgy in the middle. it's got pips inside, too. oh, and some people have half of one for breakfast.
fear my mighty pigeon army!!!!
roses are red, violets are blue, i'll fuck you with a rake.
i don't want to die now. i've still got a headache. i don't want to go to heaven with a headache, i'd be all cross and wouldn't enjoy it
ahhhhh, facebook fucked up good.
is doing a survey for £5.
the way we were, the chance to save my soul, and my concern is now in vain.  believe the word, i will unlock my door, and pass the cemetery... gates
"say one, more word, i double dare you, bring it on! its my world, you're in it, it'll take you down in a minute. you can alter your look, and diversify your race, but the truth seems like, a bitch slap in your face!"
been watching pocoyo. you know you're jealous , bitches!
might be going to see toy story 3d in lunch tomorrow. xd
sanity is nothing more than an excuse for being boring.
is wondering if t-rexes could juggles?
it's a wonderful day, for pie!
the eyes! the red squirrel eyes!
is back from adding a *propname* to the cambridge campus.
been awake for 12 hours now.
facebook now in 1337.
lol @ "never mind the buttsecks"
"i really can't afford to keep eating out this giraffe!"
just found a dead wasp in a bottle of conditioner. what the fuck!!!
has baileys.... oh yeah!
has some new airwalks.
has made plans to soak gummy beas in vodka, so they swell up.
http:////explosm.net//comics//1777//
nom, french biscuits!
ambition is like a frog sitting on a venus flytrap. the flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. but some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.
has just cooked some lovely chicken
"clubbers in the north of england have taken to using dental syringes to inject ecstasy directly into their mouths." "this dangerous practice is known as 'e by gum!'"
whoop! runshaw time.
only a ginger... can call another ginger, ginger!!
mmm.... bloody steak.
has self-diagnosed with vestiphobia.
has decided on a new profession: time-travelling porn star.
curvy lip spike be funnnn!
rocky, rocky, rocky, no. rocky, tomato, sheep, go!
wants a christmas samosa.
sleeep tomorrow. vimto now.
is on the viking offenders register
his destructive programming is taking effect. he will be irresistibly drawn to large cities, where he will back up sewers, reverse street signs, and steal everyone's left shoe.
for a large part of the 20th century, communism tried to destroy capitalism. now in the 21st century, the capitalists are showing them how it's done!
has returned from tesco with vimto and blue curacao!
"what a wonderful cupcake, pato"
has decided he must get a penguin tattoo.
loves how facebook forces everyone to refer to themselves in the third person.
wants 3 thigns!
monsters inc. is on!
oh no, run it's a... bumblebear!!!!
woah. awesome party!!!!
ducks cheat at poker.
henry loves crusts!
wine is umbrella.
will the various owners of: a silver ipod mini, a blue hoodie, a red scarf and a stick on moustache, please let me know who owns what, so i can return things.
damn... stumbleupon has stopped working.
and i haves 3 things...
haikus are easy. but sometimes they don't make sense. refrigerator.
i have toes!!!!
and iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii-e-iiiiiiiiiiii will always love noodles.
what do you call a gun with three barrels?
you can't rub a pig on a cheese grater, that's dangerous.
i don’t wanna bike or fishing pole, i just wanna submarine. i’m gonna keep it in a swimming pool, gonna keep it nice and clean. i don’t want a fucking pogo stick, i just wanna submarine. fucking pedal car can suck my dick, where’s my fucking submarine?
mmm... fish fingers.
anteater power!!
fuck. my left arm is alseep. i can't move my it from the wrist down.
misfits = guuuuurd.
"jätkät hei, mä lähen meneen ny ihan oikeesti" "hei ankku hei, ennen ku lähet ni kato mitä mä toin sulle" "ei jumalauta, hyvännäkönen. siis eiks tää oo siis...." "on on, sixpack, kyllä" "eihän sun ois tarvinnu hyvä mies, sitä paitsi meill' on noita väkeviä" "nii nii, mut aamuks!"
is so watching lilo & stitch.
is watching insects. insects are silly.
loves jam.
i need some cheese!
mmm... liquid kryptonite!
err:509
has a pile of beer, many spirits, and one can of strongbow.
the buddhist hamburger joint: they'll make you one with everything.
what would bacon do?
has just taken apart his speakers to amplify his headphones.
strange quarks are strange.
wants a lovely buttery baked potato...
has bought stripey toe socks.
wants a neon cactus.
vimto + curacao = black + tasty!!!
who eats ice cream at christmas?!
damn powercuts!!!!
everyone drank all the beer, all the spirits, but the one can of strongbow still remains!
"please tell me you don't actually own a cloak", "i own several!"
satan's furry jamhats
is a pastry whore.
"hakuna matata" is swahili!
there's no pirate translation for the dislike button!!!
free bar on thursday!!!
yesterday i discovered that it's almost impossible to tell the difference between a very heavy scouse accent...        ...and french
http:////www.theonion.com//content//node//67259
purple penguin!!!   ...of death.
fuck yeah! *propname* 'ass-raped by *propname*.
is fucking ill.
has got a fever. anyone know the one and only prescption? lol
house to myself... time for booze...
has a motherfucking blacklight!!!
& *propname* *propname* *propname* dance on donkey sancturies.
xd black hair!!!
has just lost the game.
penguins don't have pockets.
"oh hi; i'm here from the internet.", "what are you doing!?", "gluing captions to your cats."
royal instiution christmas lecture. trees are evil!
3!!!
motherfucking christmas!
"i do not fear death. i had been dead for billions and billions of years before i was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it."
there's a flying hooker watching you hug! go away hooker...
has now gone blonde!
still covered in beeeees!
sic vis pacem, para bellum.
sooty puppet!
has just watched *propname* saw *propname* in half.
i generally dislike *propname*. i do not find his form of "comedy" amusing.
all my amplifiers go to 12!!!
*propname* 
it's not premarital sex if no-one will marry you...
mmm... damn new fucking children only watching blonde people fuck.
fuck.... laptop sleeps retaredely slop whjen i'm wasted.
leprechaun pikachu!!
omfg *propname* is in elf...
sand is overrated. it's just tiny, little rocks....
whooop! runshaw's off. to the sledging...
those who died are justified, for wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites. you justify those that died by wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites
way runshaw out tomorrow as well.
fuck you runshaw, i want to sleep tomorrow.
and *propname*. leaders of an awesome (yet possibly painful) new world order.
"i'm covered in bees!"
i want to reconcile the violence in your heart. i want to recognize your beauty is not just a mask. i want to exorcise the demons from your past. i want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart. ?
i was right. glee has ruined don't stop believin'.
i dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.
what? … the carthaginians are attacking? god, i knew they'd do that. what? … they are attacking over the alps? damn, i knew they'd do that. what? … they're coming on elephants? … where'd they get the elephants? there aren't any elephants in europe.
is so fucking rock, so goddamn rock, so motherfucking rock!
i fucking hate *propname*...
where's my fucking submarine?!
if you stick with a rubik's cube long enough, all the sides end up red.
if an infinite number of rednecks riding in an infinite number of pickup trucks fire an infinite number of shotgun rounds at an infinite number of highway signs, they will eventually produce all the world's great literary works in braille
*propname* skips like a gay raptor.
i feel i must concede defeat on this matter. *propname* is definately not short.     (honest!)
some people are like slinkies. they don't really have a purpose, but they still bring a smile to your face when you push them down the stairs.
has just now watched the first ever tom & jerry cartoon. from before they were actually called tom and jerry. how very awesome was *propname*.
my husband's dead, my son's a leper. watch me tapdance!
xd. penguin is one of few english words with welsh origins, it means white head.
i quite like my name at the moment.
ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
the silent killers are... rocket dinosaurs... in space.
you are what you eat: "i prefer cheese & crackers!"
absolut zero: the freezing temperature of vodka.
“what? beavers are real? i thought they were mythical creatures!”
has just watched the shawshank redemption and is about to watch pulp  fiction. excellent night.
my haves teh vimtoooo!!!
*propname* is psychic, the scurvy curve!
first proper hangover today: good start to 2010.
"cows - the natural predators of the dyslexics"
there's no one like you. i can't wait for the nights with you. i imagine the things we'll do, i just wanna be loved by you. ?
schoools out for... winter?
damn you, jam!!
the toughest decision of my life: download or sonisphere?
*propname* is a sexy marshmallow beast.
parent's evening + bomb scare = mucho chaos.
is afraid of getting raped in the woods by a bear in a clown suit.
woop! booze haul...
meet *propname*, my imaginary donkey.
i don't know how they did it, but tom and jerry have just managed to make drowning kittens in a sack, funny.
"welcome to your new, simplified home page." how the fuck is it simplified? they've just piled all the shit possible onto to page...
"ah *propname*. big giant robot camels."
"wait, people weren’t the first mammals?" *pauses* "oh, no, of course.  the dinosaurs were here before us!"
“what’s roflmao?! is it ‘rolling around with my fist in my arse?’”
is watching *propname* xy instead of doing the mass of computing i have to do for tomorrow.
giraffe
"what's normal?", "what's home?", "what are cows?"
man thong!!
fuck yeah! wales have won, and i quite enjoy the irony of celebrating with scotch.
has shiny, greeny-blue hair! fuck yeah!
chocolate fish!
of all my 80,000,000 ancestors, one of them must be winnie the pooh.
my mouse is suicidal...
excellent. all of the new a7x album's drums will be the *propname*'s handiwork.
mulan... fuck yeah! lol