is so excited to start a summer book club!!
can't wait for transformers in imax tonight!! ?
is pole dancing on saturday morning...lol :)
reviewin stuff, like i do ?
is going to need a lot more upper body strength if i ever want to be a pole dancer
is so excited for fireworks! i love watching fireworks!!
going out to dinner :)
actually excited to go workout!
cannot wait to pet a dolphin. are they as slimy as they look??
got super tan this weekend...i went from caramel to mocha...
is in a tropical mood...i need a fruity umbrella drink
is relaxing in the bahamas :) ?
organizing things and getting excited about the bahamas! ?
gettin stuff done! :-)
doing nerdy stuff in my room...reading gentry magazine, organizing//cleaning things...tgisaturday ?
can't wait for the true blood premiere ? i'm so into vampires right now
has bahamas on my mind...11 days!
getting organized for the week!
is craving a bleu cheese burger and sweet potato fries
loved transformers! so cool!!
thought district 9 was way cool!! funny people sucked...
finally saw star trek. awesome. space is so crazy
got my burger, fries and a birthday cake milkshake. so happy :)
traffic makes me so angry...but i don't know who to be angry at! grrrr so frustrating!!
has a test tomorrow!
one of my students has a pink graphing calculator, and i am a little jealous...6 years ago they did not come in pink :(
petted some dolphins today!!
studying...
snorkling is my workout for this week!
drinkin a v8...the taste is growing on me, i no longer feel like i'm drinking soup
is stressed out.
had the craziest vivid dream that i was pregnant. so weird!! dream interpretation says this is a good symbol...
umm...wtf is wrong with *propname*?? i ? *propname*
woke up at 2:30pm today...guess i needed some sleep :)
had the best day ever!!! :) i'm so happy ?
decided i'm going to start reading the sookie stackhouse books. i need a new vampire story to distract me from the craziness of my real life
looking for someone who knows latin, lives in the palo alto area, and wants to teach a small latin ii class (2 hours in the a.m., 3 times a week) for $27// hour.
cardio//weights workout followed by yoga class. feeling motivated today! getting stuff done!
hello fall weather!! i love this...i'm so happy!
super excited for: ? dinner tonight w// *propname*? manicure today ? pole dance workout class tomorrow ? halloween!!
i love the build-a-bear workshop! i know it's technically for little kids...but i had so much fun trying outfits on my bunny!!
just booked a flight to la this weekend, and paid a whopping $13.20 roundtrip, thanks to an evoucher from my mom. thanks mom!! :-)
last night i dreamt that i was a real housewife of atl, and nene was trying to start some drama with me! i was ready to fight her! then i woke up...
probably the busiest i have ever been in my life
excited for the love of *propname*...now i have a new trashy reality show to enjoy on monday nights! why do i find these shows so entertaining??
3rd grade classroom on day b4 halloween = craziness.
studying in the morning, teaching after noon, then class till 10pm...i feel like my day is backwards
happy halloween everyone :-)
i like *propname*'s designs a lot, but she's such a b*tch i kinda of don't want her to win project runway! i vote for althea...she's adorable
Òyou know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.Ó *propname*
spending the next few hours reading about language arts framework, consonant digraphs and vowel diphthongs...yay...psych!! :(
a little irked that *propname* won, but her collection really was gorgeous
is thankful for everyone and everything. my life is beautiful and i am such a lucky girl. ? & ?...happy thanksgiving! love you all!
at poletential , starting the weekend off right with a dance workout!
is addicted to *propname* biographies...don't ask me about her unless you have like 30 minutes to listen to me rave about how much i love her...i am so obsessed with her life story! such an interesting person!
was disappointed that *propname* was not in the victoria's secret fashion show...girl is my favorite :(
language arts center @ oak knoll, lunch with mom, gym time, then i'm watching all the shows i dvrd this week. yay friday :-)
just started reading "blonde" by *propname* (a fictional biography of *propname*). it's one of those books that all day you are just dying for the opportunity to read a little more...oh how i love books
can officially play the eagles, please come home for christmas, without feeling off-season. i love that song! happy holidays everyone :-)
i ? sunday
so excited for new cleveland show, family guy and american dad tonight!
brand-new whiteboard markers make me happy...so inky!
i like my horoscope today: "it's the time to play. why play halfway? go ahead. have the fun you're after. all of it."
so excited for pole class tonight! making a pole playlist, just for fun. newest addition: criminal - *propname*
i can't wait until my custom-designed flip mino camcorder with the pink butterflies on it gets here!! friends, prepare to be filmed...i'll be going crazy with this thing
avatar is my new favorite movie of all time!! so awesome! ? neytiri...seriously the prettiest alien ever
finished still life with woodpecker. weird book!!
i ? to christmas shop! i just wrapped all my presents and put them under the tree...can't wait for my family to open them!
merry christmas eve! being a good girl today, going to the gym and then church! ?
@ dance class ?
can't wait to see the princess and the frog tonight with *propname*!!
"*propname*" and "*propname*" are my two middle names. everyone calm down now...
can't wait for class tomorrow. i ? the 1st day of school :)
had cake & ice cream for breakfast
m.i.a. until i finish my projects, tests and cset this saturday! work work work...
thanks friends, i had a really special birthday :)
misses the beach already...
loved the princess and the frog...i almost cried! finally at age 24 i get to see a disney princess on the big screen, and it was so special to me...i just ? this movie! *propname* you are the perfect date! xoxoxox
excited...my show is on in 30. rhwnj reunion, part 1!! ?
do not ever book your trips through travelocity...they tried to charge me three times for the same booking!!! grrrrrrrr
just finished the cset. didn't think it was that hard, which either means i bombed it or i nailed it. we shall see...now i am napping :-)
i ? my flip video cam so much!
just booked vegas. so excited!!
is really really sore from dance yesterday! i can't wait for my muscles to get stronger so i can do more crazy stuff
made my 1st imovie! my fave clips of me dancing to aerosmith "crazy"...haha :)
i have a love//hate relationship with the stairmaster
new favorite cocktail = champagne & chambord...delicious!
monday a.m. yoga...*sigh* my life is so hard ;)
got a new shampoo//conditioner and i'm excited to shower so i can try it!
is thinking of doing both stairmaster//booty exercises and tricked out pole class tonight. workout obsessed!!
does anyone have a stud finder and a drill i can borrow?
is excited for *propname*'s birthday! don't forget your one dollar bills girls!! haha :)
leopard ?
passed all 3 subtests of the cset in one go, and i never even did a practice test. i am awesome.
this is the last sunday i have to work. yess! weekend getaways here i come...i'm thinking la...
re-arranged all the furniture in my room today to make way for the pole. i love re-arranging furniture, it makes me feel so accomplished!
had a super fun sleepover with *propname* and *propname* last night! next time we'll do pole vids and photoshoot!
happy i was able to squeeze in a 30 minute pole workout before tutoring and class today...i'm proud of myself! gettin stuff done!
is all tricked out...dang that pole class was hard!! all the more reason to go back next week...
ok i think i worked out too much today...everything hurts...but i had fun! :)
watching the puppy bowl...i want them all!
finally got a chance to watch the bachelor episode 3...omg that *propname* girl was psycho!!
excited for the winter olympics!
did 45 minutes of dance, 8 minute abs, 8 minute buns, stretching, dog walking...now i can relax, watch jersey shore reunion and eat ice cream! :-)
when i have my own classroom, i will have a giant no whining sign on the wall and every time a kid whines i'm just gonna point to it
i want to join *propname*'s millionaire's club
i love to watch olympic figure skating!!