is stuck on band-aid brand, cuz band-aid's stuck on me!
just going to grab some raw fish................
saw hp6... funny, lots of awesome awkward silences, but the scriptwriter needs to have his fingers broken. not only did they achieve new and improved levels of editing important plot elements out, but they are getting increasingly more creative with the n
need to re-learn my patterns again... awesome...
free slurpee day!!!
has got to stop waking up at 1pm...
is not feeling exactly top-notch...
will have too many notifications at the next log in...
first day of school done! finances are going to be the end of me...
is tired and for some reason is looking forward to classes starting...
2 months of hell yet again... fml
got to play with fire in front of a crowd... yay!!!
is in love with ren fest...
3 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what a great day!!!
loves the pirate english version of facebook!!!
has a choice...
2 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ren fest with rain - still good!!!
kindly thanks everyone who wished him a happy birthday!
finance class :(
gets to sleep tonight!!!!!!!!!
3 hours left!!!!!!!!!!
as much as i like our family's mechanic, i really wish we'd stop giving him so much business... :(
is dying!!! heeeeelppppp!!!!!
saturday was easily one of the best days of my entire life!!!
feeling slightly better...
i've done it - i procrastinated enough by playing bejeweled blitz to cause it to go offline. mlia
is potentially going to be pulling an all-nighter. feel free to txt to keep me entertained//awake...
:))))))))
finally caught up on sleep :d now off to rake more leaves and then lose sleep yet again while studying accounting - call me if ur bored, i'll be up late...
attention everyone!!! vote for the short "after hours" to support *propname* - our local michigan talent and a wonderful person. repost please!!! http:////www.thirteen.org//sites//reel13//category//vote//
is looking forward to eating his body weight tomorrow :)
yesterday after school, i got bored and decided to go into the backyard and play with my slingshot. i didn't have any ammo, so i just used peanuts and shot them at trees. i decided to shoot at one really far away. out of nowhere, a squirrel leaped out of a tree, intercepted the peanut, landed on another tree, ate the peanut, gave me what looked like a thumbs-up, and ran away. ninja squirrel, you amaze me. mlia.
would love to sleep, but *propname* writes too damn well!!!
is rather looking forward to the holidays because of his potential whereabouts during that...
gets overly excited when pressing the wrong buttons on the keyboard causes the discovery of a new shortcut :)
considers himself to be one of the luckiest men ever!!! ^_^
wow!!! i just spent 20 minutes reading just this one strip... http:////xkcd.com//657//
can't handle reading any more crap about barbies and other competing brand dolls!!! this is ridiculous - the only thing making me feel a little more manly is the beer in my hand...
acquired 6 brothers and sisters today...
4 school days left until winter break!!! yay!!!
will probably be up all night - feel free to txt or chat...
lmao: (512): you kept spraying the cat with water and then telling it to "man up" when it cried
listening to some very odd combinations of music and blames the late hour for it...
wishes it was december 17th sooner :(
cannot wait to pass out - too bad that's not gonna happen til friday night...
gonna be at the library til late, then at the prez's house even later. txt or facebook if need anything - call if being killed...
well.... expected returns are like "oh, it's just you..." but unexpected returns are like "whoa!!!"
can't believe how much food and beverages were consumed last night...
snow!!!
stupid people are stupid and beverly hills police is at it's best as usual... ( *propname* needs to call me!!!)
epic:  today while walking on campus i saw three people riding a motorized couch.  random?  mlia.
is excited for relaxing a little bit tonight :)
got home today. up north was great!!!
can't wait til thursday... <3
happy new year, facebook denizens!!!
apparently the mysterious "*propname*", who allegedly works for my company decided to order more stuff for me from some office supply company. i'm supposed to get 4 more packages tomorrow... hmmmm.... i almost have enough to build an epic fort!!!
mlig!!!
can't wait til thursday again... <3
being fancy is fun...
omg!!! the sun is toooo loud!!!!!!!!
second half of the day got snowed in - gonna take a nap and then be productive :)
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *propname*. what more could i ask for? p.s. thank you to everyone who could make it out to novi to watch me test or to celebrate at the banquet afterward - it really means a lot to me.
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *propname*. what more could i ask for?