biting heads off of barbie dolls. stress sucks.
my skull
*propname* is now single? are you serious? it should read, "*propname* has been single." anyway, wanna go out? i'm single.
the ladies sweat the style like the squirrel sweats the nuts. yet, i'm still single. must be rotten nuts.
anyone want to pull some strings so i can get into grad school? also, anyone want to buy my house so i can go to grad school?
i need to tell people i'm single more often. two girls talk to me in less than 24 hours. that's like twice as many in the last week. wow. i feel special. that's why i ride the short bus.
your mom
also, what's with facebook exploding? i can't even use this stupid thing anymore. how do i fix my profile? wait, there it is underneath the couch cushion next to the pocket lint hiding under the chest of drawers over yonder by the bureau
yes, mosquitos in ak are really this big. it is actual size. the size of a grapefruit. every summer at least three people die from mosquito bites in ak. we need to do something about global warming, the mosquitos are planning a revolt! akns lives depend on cool temperatures! please think of the alaskans!!!
pbpbpbppthbphbphthpbhtphbpthbphh
i am bored.
la di da di i like to party i like to love so i don't bother nobody...
420 characters max. hehehehehehe....'it'd be a lot cooler if you did...'
why doesn't it say "what's on your mind" next to what you write? my mom joke doesn't work without it. it doesn't make sense. how else do you know that your mom is on my mind if it doesn't say "what's on your mind?"
hahahahahah.....i'm off for the next six days! it is awesome
i got poked. by *propname*. normally i think i'd be much more excited about getting poked, but considering the circumstances (i.e. person) i'm not all that excited. in fact, i'm quite the opposite. sorry bud but it's still a nub. hahahahaha
"i ain't gonna take my pants off!"
5 hours and 20 minutes of daylight today. tgif now means thank god it's not fairbanks. then again, i'm thankful tomorrow will be longer than today.
"come, let us gingerly touch our tips."
"you white, then you *propname*k"
why am i still awake? oh yeah, because i haven't gone to sleep.
happy merry christmas friends.
"i will slaughter them like a wolf among lambs. the seas will run red with the blood of my enemies!" "no, i will have my cupcakes, piping hot from their forty watt womb." "that tears it how many times today will i have to hear the word womb?"
merry christmas to everyone who reads this!
hey kids!!! on sale now... the all new *propname* action figure. with super fire breathing action.....on a side note. i think i have cavities. oh yeah, and i blow fire now so...bow down before my awesomeness!!!!
i can't remember the stupid quote. that is not cool.
adam's mind is thinking about not doing what he's supposed to be doing. shoulda woulda coulda. that's gonna bite me in the ass here in a couple weeks. guess i should get it done. meh. manana.
must finish apps. must finish apps. must finish.....ah well...tomorrow's another day.
"are you saying my granny was a skank ass ho-bag?"
bipolar and this job are like *propname* and *propname* or an articulate fob.
*propname* is awesome..."complaining about going to the dentist is like complaining about too much education...it's offensive to alaskans...to *propname*, i just got finished coloring your wife's book."
catharsis soothes sore arses in carthage.
i want more sleep
it's a new year. five years since i've graduated and i still feel like a loser. thank you sabumnim.
ha! i found it! new quote added...and it's a real one this time. so real it's from my calendar at work!
<blank>
i love *propname*!
smitten kittens in mittens while knittin' were spittin' mad until their dad became a part of their fad.
che guevara for president!
err. things to not do and people to ignore.
i heard the most awesome phrase last night. if you've heard it before i don't care because this ish is gangsta legit.
i wish the naries would get here. i've got things to do and people to ignore.
happy birthday *propname*!!!
finally!!!
new cockney rhyming slang that i've invented recently. *propname* (gayness) this is the funniest one i've ever come up with. why? because he actually is gay. reeses pieces (peace). please feel free to use. maybe in a couple years one of them will end up in a movie and i can say. that's totally mine. like when *propname*'s stole the idea for my shirt. bastards. i bought one anyway though. cause it was cool.
"i don't have a girlfriend, but i know a girl that would be really mad if she heard me say that."
sledding
taxes are done and the gov owes me more than one. refund says what?